[Music]
with fast pita the destiny of America is
safer in the hands of the people than in
the conference rooms of any of Asia they
are unanimous we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex dama chard a
report with sam cedar it is Thursday
October 18th 2018 my name is Sam cedar
this the five-time award-winning
majority report we are broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on the
program today director of the revolving
door project at the C e PR it's the
Center for Economic Policy and research
if I'm not mistaken
Jeff Hauser on what we should demand and
expect of a democratically controlled
house also on the program today
Republicans threaten Social Security and
Medicare after doubling the deficit with
tax cuts for millionaires meanwhile
Trump panics about his failure on
immigration meanwhile Trump panics about
his business partners revealed to have
murdered a Washington Post columnist
Chuck Schumer blew it on judges and then
Chuck Schumer blew it on judges again
another study shows Obama to trump
voters motivated by race and immigration
[Music]
key State Senate seats across the
country get a big boost and Facebook and
this is so hard to believe
lied about video hits to drive their ad
rates and destroyed a bunch of print
media
publications along the way
the Republican ACA lawsuit could destroy
pre-existing condition pre-existing
protect condition protections even for
employee coverage and racist
right-wingers you can relax we're going
to assure you you are safe from the
Honduran Caravan and lastly robert
muller prepping for post midterm
crapstorm all this and more on today's
program yes ladies and gentlemen it is
Thursday Michael is is out he's going
west where's Ian
Iowa Idaho Idaho Iowa he's doing a norm
Peterson is it the guy from cheers yeah
it's a norm Peterson convention yeah
it's weird I can't believe that show is
still pulling in people for that
convention Jordan Peterson doing a
conference on the in the international
dark web what do they call themselves
the intellectual dark wonder
intellectual or not it's very much not
international don't work web I like it
there you go
and that it's that kind of talk at Jamie
that keeps Dave Rubin from debating us
because he doesn't doesn't improve that
it's very rude all right Dave thank you
Jamie thank you for apologizing and
folks tomorrow Brendan and I will be
also headed west to politican where is
where on Sunday at 4:30 now I don't
think it's live but I do believe there
will be video of this ultimately I will
be debating charlie Kirk from
turning-points USA and the topic will be
is Donald Trump good for the middle
class big league yeah we're gonna gonna
have a nice little debate and I will
I'll be moderating a panel on should we
be socialists and
found out sometime last week there are
no socialists on the panel but I guess
that that makes the question more
relevant because we already we're
socialists then why would we even ask
you'd be biased right there you go
but we will endeavor to persevere and
I'm also sitting on a panel talking
about Mike Pence I know having I I gotta
admit I haven't dug into that one too
much the only thing I'm gonna do and
someone maybe can do this during the
show if they want I interviewed a an
attorney at that Las Vegas tort
conference and I believe it was before
the election it could have been in
October 2016 actually or or maybe in the
spring of 2016 maybe the fall of 2015 a
woman I can't remember her name who had
represented foster parents of kids with
disabilities in Indiana Mike Pence
wanted to cut the program to provide
them essentially an allowance to do that
to pay for tax cuts eventually I think
they were sued and the publicity he he
backed down from that because it doesn't
that people just sort of think that's a
little bit mean but someone wants to dig
that up because I could use a refresher
class and and how horrible Mike Pence
was oh yeah outside of the context of
being horrible as he is now I mean he
was incredibly unpopular governor in
Indiana and was looking at the loss of
his re-election campaign
remind me to send you the story on how
his delayed response to an HIV outbreak
had horrible consequences yes do I call
that I should bone up on that story he's
a horrible person and you know what one
of the things about you know in the past
I've talked about being reluctant to
participate in political in any way and
but there's just too much reminders
daily for me that in the world in which
I work right within like the sort of the
YouTube world and more and more this
show is the viewership in YouTube is
expanding our our audio podcast is still
very good doesn't grow nearly at the
rate that the YouTube is and that's a
function of just like I think we're
younger people are getting their news
and I'm glad we're getting younger
people to watch the show but I become
increasingly aware of what's going on in
that world and the left broadly speaking
is losing in that YouTube universe now
part of it is because there's enormous
amounts of money being poured into this
there was a story the other day I'm a
little bit off-track here but there was
a story the other day about this guy
mark Stein we've talked about him in the
past he's this Canadian guy who writes I
think for the National Review he
sometimes fills in for Rush Limbaugh he
had a deal with CR TV which is some
conservative uh you know sort of like
network of video stuff that Mark Levin
ostensibly runs but gets its funding
from somewhere and apparently he came
down he lives in I think northern
Vermont or somewhere like that and sorry
to do is show in a fell apart right he
was difficult to work with or maybe they
didn't like the direction who knows you
don't know what these stories that's
that's sort of irrelevant what was
relevant is what their payout was for
this guy's show this is reported by the
New York Post Mark Steyn got a payout of
four million dollars now it's
conceivable to me someone like this
signs a five-year deal for an Internet
station I highly improbable but it's
conceivable like you know you hear about
these things in radio and maybe it's
possible and this and that there is no
possible way that mark Stein was ever
going to provide four million dollars of
revenue
nevermind the cost of production of the
show I'm talking in terms of like
there's just no way mark Stein was going
to provide four million dollars worth of
revenue over a seven-year horizon never
mind a five-year horizon if they're
paying this guy out four million dollars
someone is pumping in an enormous money
enormous amount of money into these
right-wing show's Gavin McGinnis on the
same network the CR TV there's no way
this guy is driving the revenue that
he's paid there's no way he's a loss
leader right like he's the one who's
gonna bring them some publicity like
that high price show maybe on HBO that
doesn't necessarily bring back revenue
but for an internet show like this that
depends not on advertising as much as it
does direct membership those loss leader
things are a little bit less relevant so
someone is pouring in and subsidizing
this thing to the hilt and nothing like
that exists on the left nothing there's
nothing even remotely close nothing and
the the closest is TYT getting money
from the entertainment industry and you
see what they're doing with that money
they're not getting you know they're not
expanding their socialist programs right
it's not like they're expanding
ideologically they're they're they're
broadening their array of programs but
as one would in an entertainment play
there is no ideological money pouring in
or even trickling in or dabbling in and
so you know that is one of the things
that's preoccupied me and so going and
in any way attempting to and maybe I'll
fail I mean charlie Kirk is a goes on
television far more than I do I mean
this guy is is constantly out there he
has a staff like I got emails and there
it's like two team
kirk and i'm like wait a second he's got
a team but he's captain kirk but i'm
going to try and go out there and to
refute his ideas and perhaps make his
appeal somewhat diminished that's what
i'm going to try and do so i'm not sure
how i got off on that tangent but that's
that's what my weekend's gonna be hey
folks a won at today's sponsors is news
voice dot-com / majority as you know a
lot of these guys we were just talking
about this and we have people who are in
in epistemological bubbles there are
enormous amounts of resource of being
poured into narrow people's access to
different news sources there's new media
company out there that has come up with
one of their own responses to these
problems it's called news voice it's an
app for ios and android which you can
access for free if you go to news voice
comm / majority it gives you a
personalized news feed by aggregating a
mix of mainstream media sources
international sources and independent
media sources multiple sources are
provided for each news sorry both left
and right the entire app is fueled by
crowdsourcing you can upvote stories you
think are important so more people will
see them you can add stories to the app
you can add a source that's missing
first story it's meant to be a
completely open and democratized news
aggregator that lets you get to every
side of every story i also have a video
interview series featuring guests from
like chris hedges - AOC
go download the app for free at news
voice dot-com / majority i put the link
onto this video if you're watching it on
youtube we'll put it in the podcast
description as we always do with any of
the advertisers let's uh we'll get to
the these videos afterwards because we
got to take a quick break and when we
come back we're going to be talking to
Jeff Hauser
not going to be a long deep involved
thing but I wanted to get a nose
and give people a notion of of a what is
possible with just Democrats in
controlling one house and what we should
we should be building our expectations
now one as a way of making sure that
people go out and vote and to to hold
the democrats to account you know
depending on what the the the landscape
is in terms of what party is in and out
of power and what levers they have
access to we have to change in terms of
how we pressure there's I mean on in
some respects the the pressure that we
apply is a lot more efficient in the
context of having people who are
susceptible to that pressure and
Democrats are far more susceptible to
pressure from the base from from a
myriad of types of activism then our
Republicans simply because the
Republicans drink from a different well
we gotta take a quick break we'll be
right back with the director of the
revolving door project Jeff Hauser
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program the director
of the revolving door project at the
Center for Policy and Center for
Economic Policy and research a Jeff
Hauser on his piece Dems can use
subpoena power to reclaim the mantle of
populism but there are other topics I
want to talk to you about Jeff welcome
to the program great to be here all
right let's start with would this piece
that you you wrote the other day this is
in let's just for a moment and you know
knock on wood the Democrats take the
house this is obviously not a guarantee
you can you can enter into an election
where there's a 95% chance that your
preferred candidate might win and
apparently it's possible that you know
five out of a hundred times
maybe the non preferred candidate wins
so hypothetically hypothetically of
course
and so this let's not take this for
granted but it's also important I think
to start to formulate notions of what we
should expect from a Democratic Congress
so that we are in a position to give
them the message that these are our
expectations so how does this work I
mean what walk us through this so
Congress has the ability to conduct
oversight on any issue on which they
might legislate or in which comes with
directly within their purview
so obviously that includes the executive
branch because Congress is the entity
that funds the executive branch and
passes the laws that govern how the
Secretary of State operates Secretary of
the Treasury Department of Defense you
name it all down the line so there's
significant oversight capabilities there
but Congress can also conduct oversight
of businesses that conduct interstate
commerce so that includes Google that
includes Big Pharma that includes the
Koch brothers that includes the oil
industry that includes payday lenders
Congress can
subpoena and which is to say request
under power of law that these
corporations provide their CEOs to
testify and any documents that Congress
wants Congress has enormous ability to
check into what is going on in the world
and bring attention to important issues
and that is something that House
Democrats can do if they take gavels
even if they can't pass new laws because
Trump would veto them oh and of course
you know we may not the Democrats may
not have control the Senate and etc etc
so all right well so let me ask you this
when how does the the demmer I mean do
you have a sense of are there like how
coordinated are the Democrats how
strategic are they in this are they or
is it simply each committee chair is
saying okay I have X or Y in my sights
these are the folks that I'm going to
investigate these are the issues that I
want to explore etc etc how how broadly
strategic is this so I think as of now
there are not a lot of strategic plans
in place for oversight for one reason
obviously a majority has not been
secured and so that's somewhat
understandable for another congressional
staff resources which are to stand
across Capitol Hill in the overall or
especially seeing on the side of the
minority so most committees only have
one or two professional oversight
staffers who are Democrats and so the
they are under siege right now while the
you know trying to monitor what's going
on with in the government and with the
Republican majority so their ability to
plan far ahead for what they would do if
and when they had the majority is
minimal which is why I and others on the
outside are going to look to provide
some ideas as to what oversight could be
but the oversight tends to be largely
conducted at the committee or
subcommittee level not by leadership but
leadership of course checks in
frequently and on some of the more
potentially high-profile matters like
going after Donald Trump's taxes or
issues in which there might be a fight
over a subpoena
I suspect congressional leadership will
be in close contact with committee
chairs so to use less DC language that
means Pelosi or whomever else might be
the speaker and a hypothetical
Democratic majority would be talking
with people like chairwoman Maxine
Waters who is slated to run the House
Financial Services Committee but
theoretically I mean this is fascinating
and I think this is this is you know
there's a there's a little bit of I mean
this is a little bit weedy maybe or a
little bit inside baseball II but on
some levels this is like this is the
part of governance that I don't think
that people really have an acute
awareness of so when when when when
Pelosi whoever will be the the the
majority leader
again this is we're not counting our
chickens yet but we're we're hoping for
chickens let's put it this way and she
goes to Maxine Waters
Maxine Waters and it could be any other
chairperson of any other committee what
they tell Pelosi in terms of their
agenda in in who they're going to pursue
in what areas are they going to pursue
is largely a function of people like you
and so here's my question one relative
to the right okay when the right when
the conservatives are out of power like
their my sense is there's a lot more of
right-wing use than there are you hey I
want you to address that and be people
should also understand that like the the
resources that you have if you are let's
say trey Gowdy and you are not pursuing
any of these major corporations or any
legitimate scandals but yet you have all
these resources is exactly why Benghazi
could exist for years I mean just
address both those things
sure and yet the progressive ecosystem
is does not have robust
or for progressive think tanks and the
types of entities such as the revolving
door project house at steeper dotnet for
people who are interested in our work
with the support for institutions I
would promote the idea of subpoenas of
corporations that would suggest that
people like goo the CEOs of Google and
Facebook shouldn't get to choose whether
or not they testified before Congress
but they should be made to do so under
threat of subpoena if necessary there's
just much less support for that whereas
on the right there's concentrated
funding to come up with the best ideas
for congressional hearings that could
say undermine labor unions or go after
public employees for instance at the
Internal Revenue Service so going back
to the 1990s there were enormous number
of hearings that made life really hard
for people at the IRS and basically
deterred IRS employees from going after
a high net worth individuals who are of
waiting or of eating their tax
responsibilities and that continued into
 Congress with the really just
totally fabricated Lois Lerner scandal
where they basically said that somebody
was politicizing the enforcement of
nonprofit tax law which was just not
true but as a result essentially
far-right groups have now impunity to
operate politically in violation of tax
law because the IRS has been cowed by
congressional Republicans so what I
would propose to congressional Democrats
is that instead of deterring public
employees from doing their job they
should deter corporate leaders from
breaking the law and then no no continue
and this is a systemic issue in terms of
the ability of Congress is under Newt
Gingrich or John Boehner to develop the
agendas that were carried forth by
george w bush in 2001 and donald trump
in 2017 those agendas were built up in
opposition and in congress and what i
would urge Democrats to do is
to establish a governing agenda for 2021
and 2022 by establishing priorities and
building out the evidence and case for
action in 2019 and 2020 by holding
high-profile committee hearings and
engaging the public in the work of
oversight all right so let's talk about
those and so that people can understand
