[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the end of the third show actually is
the one moment where we do look into the
future not because Channel four has
asked us to do that sure and so what's
your vision of you know ten years from
now with this technology that you're
that you're developing well you know I
think the Internet and the web there are
two exciting things happening in
software and any computing today I think
one is obvious but the other one is the
web the web is incredibly exciting
because it is the fulfillment of a lot
of our dreams that the computer would
ultimately not be primarily a device for
computation but metamorphosize into a
device for communication and the with
the web that's finally happening
and secondly it's exciting because
Microsoft doesn't own it and therefore
there's a tremendous amount of
innovation happening so I think that the
web is going to be profound and what it
does to our society as you know about
15% of the goods and services in the
u.s. are sold via catalogs or over the
television all that's going to go on the
web and more billions and billions soon
tens of billions of dollars worth of
goods and services are gonna be sold on
the web
if you've any way to think about it is
it is the ultimate direct to customer
distribution channel another way to
think about it is the smallest company
in the world can look
as large as the largest company in the
world on the web so I guess I think the
web is we look back 10 years from now
the web is going to be the defining
technology the defining social the
defining social moment for computing and
I think it's going to be huge I think
it's breathed a whole new generation of
life into personal computing and I need
to be huge yeah and you're making
software that absolutely but so is
everybody I mean just forget about what
we're doing just as an industry the web
is gonna open a whole new door to this
industry that's another one of those
things that it's obvious once it happens
but five years ago who would have
guessed right that's right isn't this a
wonderful place
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
Michael Brooks we are broadcasting live
from Brooklyn where left is best as it
is everywhere else
greetings to comrades and friends
opponents and enemies with me as always
super producer Matt black salutations at
the aura titian David Griscom how's it
going done this old Austin super
producer David Slovak he is roaming the
discord the digital sphere plotting and
scheming alongside the growing T MBS
universe on this week's program each
bomber guy he is one of the funniest
people on YouTube and he has a distinct
insight into why this ecosystem of ours
has gotten so so so polluted with so
many virgin fascism sorry couldn't
resist part of me in Souls and then but
not the good in Souls
we're only calling out the bad in cells
that and much much more with H bomber
guy then Corey pine he's crew he's a
brilliant journalist and he's author of
the essential new book just released
this week live
work work work daya journey into the
savage heart of Silicon Valley what does
that industry have in mind for the rest
of us after all of the damage and
delusions that they have already caused
and perpetuated all that plus a special
pyramid edition with crew a Noah Changa
as she was smeared by one of the biggest
pieces of hack journalism to come out of
NPR since every episode of Planet Money
ooh I did it we're on Michael Brooks
show
but first this past weekend was Earth
Day and I'm gonna do a necessary cliche
at this point and read you some
statistics on the state of our global
ecology sea levels are expected to rise
between seven and twenty three inches
that's 18 to 59 centimeters by the end
of the century and continuing melting at
the poles could add between 4 & 8 inches
that's 10 to 20 centimeters hurricanes
and other storms are likely to become
stronger floods and droughts will become
more common rainfall in Ethiopia where
droughts are already common could
decline by 10 percent over the next 50
years less freshwater will be available
if the icecap the Kolo oh my god Kulik i
Kulik why icecap in peru continues to
melt at its current rate it will be gone
by 2100 leaving thousands of people to
rely on it who rely on it for drinking
water and electricity without a source
of either some diseases will spread such
as mosquito-borne malaria think the 2016
resurgence of the Zika virus ecosystems
will change some species will move
further north or become more and ever
become more successful others won't be
able to move and could become extinct
wildlife research scientist Martin o
bird has found that since the mid-1980s
with less on which to live and fish for
food polar bears have gotten
considerable considerably skinnier polar
bear biologist ayan Ian Stirling has
found a similar pattern in the Hudson
Bay he fears that if sea ice disappears
the polar bears will as well so these
are the snapshots and there's many many
others that we can add to the usual
litany of the fact that we are
destroying the basic living systems on
pond which life on this planet certainly
human life depends and it's very
important
to anchor this conversation and a
broader one about capital D commodifying
in the Commons the core class struggles
and doing things like destroying the oil
conglomerates which have massive power
over our collective energy political
strategic and global lives this is
fundamental and we're gonna do that in a
couple of different ways one let's
identify the two many two primary
responses that we have in the world
today in terms of governance and like
many other areas we have one area which
is fatally flawed and insufficient but
radically better than the other let's
take Jerry Brown versus Donald Trump
Jerry Brown is the Governor of
California he's a popular governor and
he's an interesting governor and he's a
smart guy he's also a center a centrist
neoliberal who has doing something that
is actually fundamentally incoherent he
warned last week that global warming
could lead to three billion deaths he's
talked about the fundamental ethical
challenge of driving an economic system
which fundamentally can and will and
does destroy life at its root he's been
incredibly aggressive on things like
deployment of post-carbon technologies
as well as market-based trading schemes
some of which have produced real results
in California and make no doubt about it
technology and innovations in those
regard are going to be an important part
of any solution including a broadly
democratic and socialist one at the same
time he's continued to push for natural
gas exploration he's a friend of the oil
industry in drilling and exploration so
he's followed as all other mainline
politicians including McCrone and others
a somewhat contradictory path between
striking a match for the future at least
in terms of technology but not
questioning the sort of dying fossil
fuel technologies which are still eating
away the earth costing lives and a clear
and present danger to all of us
not to mention not questioning the
fundamental strategic threat that the
fossil fuel industry poses to all of us
from Exxon to Saudi Aramco then of
course we have Trump we have the
Republicans we have this neo populist
sort of pseudo populism which spreads
lies about Sciences entirely in the
pockets of industry and is doing its
best to accelerate the destruction of
our global ecology those are the polls
we need to move to something broader
while recognizing that wall totally
flawed the Jerry Brown model is
significantly better than the Donald
Trump model and this is the tension that
we have to balance as we push forward
the radicalism we need while recognizing
distinctions inside the relative world
that we occupy you see this across the
board that in terms of identifying the
different threat levels that we face in
our politics but ultimately the real
answer to this is going to be a radical
project of decommodification and in this
sense D'Amato dica modifying the commons
taking oil and natural resources out of
private hands is no different than what
we need to do with housing what we need
to do with healthcare what we need to do
with pharmaceuticals we need to read
amah critize and reclaim vast vast
swaths of all human activity if we were
to survive as a species and the reason
we want to survive as a species is
because well absolutely we have an
ethical obligation to all species and
the global ecosystem at large there's no
doubt about it but we also need to
anchor an environmental ethic and a
desire for human flourishing
this isn't separate from our broader
goals of justice and role being for all
humans we're not talking about just
folding into the woodwork here and I
want to just mention two things that fit
in with that a peter phrase who will be
on this show soon wrote a brilliant book
called the four futures which was based
off of an essential essay that he wrote
for Jacobin by the same title and he
outlined four different scenarios that
human beings can go down and i'm gonna
give you the first two
really briefly the first is
egalitarianism and abundance communism
and he writes I'm a quote now from Peter
phrase there's a famous passage in the
third volume of capital and which Marx
distinguishes between a quote realm of
necessity and a quote realm of freedom
in the realm of necessity we must now
he's quoting Marx again wrestle with
nature to satisfy our wants to maintain
and reproduce life and back to phrase by
means of physical labor and production
this realm of necessity mark says exists
in all social formations and under all
possible modes of production presumably
including socialism now back and I'm
going to continue a phrase what
distinguishes socialism then is that
production is rationally planned and
democratically organized rather than
operating at the whim of the capitalist
or the market for Marx however this
level society was not the true objective
of revolution but a merely a
precondition for the quote that the
development of human energy which is an
end in and of itself the true um realm
of freedom which however can blossom
forth only with this realm of necessity
as its basis and he goes on to talk
about how and it is true that there is a
rapid development of technologies which
actually if they were governed
democratically and deployed correctly
could radically reduce the workweek they
could radically expand human freedom and
the fundamental misalignment and
terrifying market-based error that we
make that we create artificial Commons
and scarcity where none exists in the
world of technology and innovation and
then we treat the Earth's systems as if
they are infinite when in fact they are
finite that fundamental error can lead
to both ecological collapse and the type
of dystopian tech future that Corey will
be talking with about with us briefly so
this is a vision that says harness those
technologies to liberate humans from
labor to democratize economic systems
and radically free up
what we can do with our time and by the
way the different forms of hierarchies
and competitions that we choose to
engage in democratically nobody who's
talking about these post-capitalist
scenarios are talking about getting rid
of competition as an example everybody
needs health care not everybody needs to
win an NBA championship nobody's talking
about that and phrase makes that
distinction very well
now the next scenario and this is still
in the abundance level we get to the
scarcity level that's where things are
terrifying and limited in their own way
but that's for another day hierarchy and
abundance and that is rent ism and I'll
just quote now from phrase and we could
see this perfectly encapsulates the tech
model that Silicon Valley is giving all
of us suppose for example this is Peter
phrase from the four futures in the
Jackman suppose for an example that all
production is by means of Star Trek's
replicator in order to make money from
selling replicated items people must
somehow be prevented from just making
whatever they want for free and this is
the function of intellectual property a
replicator is only available from a
company that license use you the right
to use one since anyone who tried to
give you a replicator or make one
without their own repla replicator would
be violating the terms of their license
what's more every time you make
something with a replicator you must pay
a licensing fee to whoever owns the
rights to that particular thing in this
world if Star Trek's Captain jean-luc
Picard wanted to replicate his beloved
tea Earl Grey hot he would have to pay
the company that has copyrighted the
replicator a pattern for hot Earl Grey
tea now this is an important distinction
because IP laws have come to sort of
mean you know the way they've been
deployed that critiques are done in the
Silicon Valley have come to sort of mean
don't pay artists for their work but let
these platforms that exist parasitically
and enclosed commons to operate without
any sort of systems of public
accountability and in fact to pursue
incredibly strict IP with regards to
their own products and services if we
can frame environmental scarcity and the
environmental crisis in the context of
creating a broader abundance and
harnessing and amok
teasing and socializing technology so
that it can wean us off of burdening the
earth and into a broader project of
decommodification we can take
environmentalism into the solid ground
of democratic socialist active action
and seamlessly integrate what needs to
happen ecologically with the highest
aspirations that we have socially and
economically so and a happy Earth Day
everyone
I I'm still going and I guess that's my
way of saying I will still be taking
many showers this is all right let's get
to the shoutout guys so there was a big
New York DSA meeting last week uh you
know I don't always go for this type of
thing but look Milo Yaba whatever
adieu him everything he
represents here he is at some place and
he's an Upper East Side Midtown manager
chill or some Midtown the Churchill
which I have to say yes Milo belongs
there I don't know about my DSA friends
but uh but they got the job done and
they uh they got this forgettable prick
out of the restaurant
he just looks like such a loser thanks
so much thanks so much so well done I'm
it's not usually my jump but as I say
 Milo next time like maybe everyone
just muttered Nazi Nazi Nazi nuts and
nothing yeah make it funny let's say
yeah let's figure out ways to make this
like it's gratifying fundamentally the
goal was achieved yeah goals achieve
that's why it's the shoutout
no doubt um guys just want some style
points
that's what TMDs is for well well they
did by everyone at the bar around
afterwards that is well done
redistributing the wealth New York TSA
friends hell yeah I love it
that's like yeah that's like a good
that's like you know Western like when
you get the bad guy out of the barn
you're like alright folks the doors are
still shining the saloon doors that's
round on me that's awesome all
right guys before we you know talk about
the many many reasons why you should
become a patron of tea MBS I want to
talk about this briefly a patron of the
show and a woman who we've known for a
while arm through majority report
teacher Lauren she's in upstate New York
she's an educator her mom is in a
process and and we have a link to it
it's and it's up on screen now we'll
have a link to it in the blog post it's
a GoFundMe I can't
the lighting is too much to read it from
here but um she's basically it's a
please support Miriam and I'll just read
briefly earlier this year my mom is
diagnosed with Graves disease and
thyroid eye disease as a result the
inflammation around her eyes have
severely impaired my mother's vision and
she cannot drive or work for the
foreseeable future this illness illness
has transformed my mother's life and
she's devastated by the loss of her
sight she's already had two surgeries to
save her sight and the third one is
scheduled her recovery can take anywhere
from six months to two years in the
meantime I need your help to keep food
on the table and a roof over her head no
amount is too small and every penny
go to helping my kind loving mother you
know I found out about this I think over
the weekend and donated immediately the
goal is four thousand dollars or they're
already halfway there so yeah seriously
donate whatever you can and you know
this is like the voluntary Mutual Aid
Society that we are a fundamental
building block of all the politics we
care about and of course this is also an
indictment of the just grotesque immoral
disgusting system of health care we have
in this country that this isn't of
course free and universally provided for
and this is even a question it's you
know and as every other you know just
unending indictments of this disgusting
capitalist healthcare system we're in
but if you can please do join me in
supporting this this effort we're
already at two thousand ninety seven as
it is recording for a four thousand goal
so I wanted to put that up front all
right
do a little little pitch guys we are
almost at a thousand three hundred the
next big goal is to K patrons and when
we do that we will as I say we're gonna
have much more regular animations as
well the next one is coming up soon so
don't worry we're not waiting for 2000
there's the Glenn Beck food bucket which
is coming and also at 2000 we're gonna
play around it's not going to be inbuilt
yet but there'll be a little bit more
sort of content not on a you know
regular inbuilt basis yet but a little
bit more and you know beyond that what
we're already doing and what you are
already sustaining and building out is
incredibly impressive and important I
mean first and foremost with the content
and the elicit history series the post
games the theory readings the
videos I mean this is really the goal of
a you know entertaining engaging at but
also seriously thoroughgoing
wide-ranging polymath but also
practically actionable political
education we're doing it and people are
taking a lot from it and we're
incredibly proud of that so you should
join that and get the whole experience
as soon as possible then there's this
amazing discord community which has the
homecare action in California which
we're going to be doing a segment on
soon this is also a major spearhead of
that really important go fund me we just
talked about so when you join in you're
sort of getting into free independent
the sort of free of influence
