Sam cedar on the majority report on the
phone it's a pleasure to welcome back to
the program the james s mcdonnell
distinguished University professor at
the University of Princeton Eddie Glaude
Eddie welcome back to the program oh
it's a pleasure Sam pleasure
so I yesterday was I think one of I mean
obviously we're talking about the the
hearings or the hearing I should say and
right now I know that the the committee
is on its way to a vote give me I don't
know give me the top line for you in
terms of because I think what we saw
yesterday was a seminal moment in our
politics in our in our culture in our
society across the board I don't know
how this is going to turn out nobody
does I think at this point but this is
this is just like one of those moments
where I think it's just sort of what's
been going on just comes in to relief
and crystallizes in a moment yeah I mean
it's very difficult to kind of just to
summarize it because it so much happened
on so many different levels on the one
hand we saw the complete kind of
shattering of the nominations process
did you just share it committee that
process has been broken and this was the
culmination of that another another
thing that we saw is that this society
remains a deeply and profoundly sexist
and patriarchal society that dr. Blasi
Ford's courage was summarily dismissed I
think what the Republicans did yesterday
was not only condescending it was
horrifying on on so many different
levels and and then thirdly Sam I would
say that it's it's it became very clear
to me that these people aren't
interested in governing the country that
they are so focused on
their base and that base consists not
just simply and of the stereotypical
Trump voter but big-money and the light
that they are willing to throw any
pretense of democracy out the window so
profoundly sexist a broken process and a
deeply anti-democratic sensibility was
revealed to me it was revealed yesterday
those are the three things that stand
out to me you know I have to say that I
mean I think we had we had talked about
you coming on before we knew how the
timing of this would work out but the
when I saw Lindsey Graham's performance
and and and Cavanaugh's in the his
opening statements where he is yelling
and there is just in just a such and
aggrievement I mean I I really did think
of of your your last book democracy in
black when you talk about the racial
value gap and it you know it was clear
that for those men very convenient but
literally for those men on the
Republican Judiciary Committee the only
Republicans on the committee are men and
Brett Kavanaugh there there is there is
also like there's a gender gap there
there's that that the the the value gap
exists across vendor like a gender like
they can sit there and say that the and
be moved and be aware that you know many
of their constituency are moved by what
Blasi Ford had to say and that she comes
across as incredibly credible yet still
there's in this indignation that is a
function of like okay yeah that happened
to her but still I'm a guy like like I'm
an route to becoming a great man and
that youthful indiscretion that may have
made her life veer off in a horrible
direction or you know deal with stuff
for for a decade or two
that is just not as important as what I
can become here oh absolutely I mean we
saw on full display the rage and
indignation of patriarchy under threat I
mean I mean I I was stunned as I watched
Kavanagh scream and yell and condescend
and and evade and and declare how hard
he worked to get to Yale and and and
what he has done it seemed as if and of
course Lindsey Graham just just I I mean
there's a kind of question that is being
asked across the country what what is
what do people have over this guy that
he could become so unhinged
what does Trump have over him or
something this is the question that I've
been asking myself because yesterday was
was a despicable display and I think
you're absolutely right fan that there
was this assertion of the privilege of
the benefit of of of the largesse of
being a white man that that somehow
Brett Kavanaugh believes that this
belongs to him that that he deserves to
be appointed no matter what is said of
him and and so and the quickness with
which they dismissed the compelling
testimony of dr. blaze afford the their
willingness to to to to not pay
attention to obvious moments of
corroboration of her story even looking
at this calendar of Bret Cavanaugh's and
and seeing that he mentioned that he was
going out with TJ Wright in which places
which collaborates a part of her memory
or I mean just basic things and and and
and then to just simply disregard what
all of us saw with our own eyes
irrespective of our ideological
orientation saying we saw it we heard it
and and and it just seems like a
baseline baseline fairness would be to
ask for an FBI investigation but they
don't care about that either right
because it's a pure
our play I mean it is it is interesting
to wonder like what I guess what I also
amazes me about this is that you know
Brett Kavanaugh I think you know is the
is as certainly I think a an emotional
type right let's put him aside for a
moment Lindsey Graham that was obviously
highly performative maybe he was upset
about something maybe something you know
triggered him in some way but the idea
that those performances were enough
right like it had nothing to do with in
any way impeaching her testimony at all
no I mean it wasn't it wasn't even an
attempt to impeach her testimony and
like you said like it would be just an
amazing like she doesn't know this guy
but she knew the people he was hanging
out with right like like you know like
down to almost like the week I mean
that's that's an amazing coincidence but
there was no no attempt to impeach at
all it was all just this is just not the
deal that we made when we got born as a
white guy right I mean and and the
moment I mean if you look at the line of
argument the line of argument was
basically a kind of characterization of
a democratic plot to to to harpoon
Cavanaugh's nomination so it was really
all about timing the focus was on the
timeline right when the claim was made
right why didn't they reveal the letter
to the FBI
why didn't die in science I'd do X Y & Z
the Democrats are are trying to do X Y &
Z none of that speaks to the veracity of
Blasi Ford's claim so let's just
stipulate to this let's just stipulate
to the fact that the Democrats for
playing politics let's just say that's
true shocking that our political
party would do that but okay yes and we
know that Lindsey Graham even earlier in
this here in the hearing said that you
know why are we being naive one side one
they get to choose who they want to
choose right
he called it raw politics at that moment
he was very explicit about the day so
let's just stipulate to the claim that
the Democrats are playing politics right
but we do know that they didn't play
this card with Neil Gorsuch so why would
they play this card with Brett Kavanaugh
well it might very well have something
to do with the fact that the claims bear
some some some some some merit some that
they're truthful in some way right so so
the question that needs to be asked is
not whether or not the Democrats are
playing politics the question that needs
to be asked is whether or not
Brett cuff Cavanaugh assaulted or
attempted to rape dr. Ford but the
Republicans aren't interested in that
question because they're not they're not
assessing the character and fitness of
Brett Kavanaugh they're engaged in a
pure power move they want to take over
the court and they beat and they don't
give a damn about what anybody else
thinks and they specifically don't give
a damn about dr. Blasi Ford and other
women who who have been assaulted across
the country who who dare to be
courageous and come out I mean that is
this is just clear so they're focusing
on timelines and not as you say as you
as you mentioned not engaging in any
honest genuine good-faith effort to
assess dr. Blaser Forex claim they
didn't take the claim seriously and at
the end of the day Sam when women say
believe me that's what they're saying
take what I'm saying seriously right
it's not just simply just assume that
I'm telling the truth right take what
I'm saying seriously and they refuse to
do it
it was disgusting so here okay let's
let's let's play this out a little bit
and I guess you know we don't know and
and maybe it's unfair for me
say like this worked with their
constituency right I mean like you know
to a certain extent their constituency
is one person maybe it's Donald Trump on
some level he is willing to use his
political cachet and and continue to
back Kavanaugh and it sounded like you
know at the break after Ford had spoken
that maybe that wasn't going to happen
frankly but Cavanaugh came out there
properly aggrieved yelling being
belligerent so there's there's a couple
things at play here one is Brett
Kavanaugh lied in a way that I think is
relatively unique to American politics
like there was like the lies that he
told about Devil's Triangle or boofie or
whatever it is I mean the the the he the
the lying about the what would you do
would you want an FBI investigation like
it was one of those lies where everybody
in the room knew he was lying
no one said it really explicitly and it
doesn't matter like that is to me on an
mo that Trump has introduced I mean
we've seen it it's in the past there's
been like you know a Bill Clinton just
deny deny deny but on a very sort of
narrow thing this guy's lying about a
whole host like almost everything he had
an opportunity whether it was relevant
or not he was lying about had a beer I
like a beer I mean then everybody knew
it but yet there's no consequence
anymore for it you don't say I miss a
wonderful point I mean we've all been
talking about what what are the
implications of Trump's manic lie the
people have been talking about Normie
Rosen soaps have been talking about or
describing it as we are we've entered a
post truth
truth moment post fact moment in any you
know at a certain level of abstraction
what we are witnessing is the erosion of
the possibility of engaging in serious
deliberation about matters that confront
the politic right so what does it mean
to be able to lie brazenly and not be
held to account and so yesterday not
only did he lie about the devil's
triangle that it was a drinking game
only he lied about relaid Alumnus he
lied about Ralph any of us all of us who
I don't know anyone who's gone to
college that you know you know Ralph is
like the porcelain altar we know what
that is
right right I mean you don't you can't
just talk about having a sensitive
stomach right you know we don't use that
word with the sensitive stomach it's
just not how ordinary language use goes
with that word so what was so
fascinating is that he was lying in in
these very in these instances where it
didn't require him to lie which
suggested that he was probably I mean
it's a continuation of a broader set of
life that he would not be held to
account so what to answer your to
respond to your point is that what we
what we get in in light of this is just
a raw exercise of power just the
assertion of will and and so you just
get manufactured outrage on the part of
the Republican Party it represented by
Lindsey Graham who's certainly outraged
because the Democratic Party wants to
hold this seat open he kind of say do
you have any sense of irony
you know just completely cell phone you
know unaware and and so you get
manufactured outrage on behalf of a
Power Move and we're seeing it now as
the Judiciary Committee is preparing to
just move him forward I mean what does
it mean to live at a post truth post
fact Society is just a world of power
it's the world
if this is like it it's it's gone beyond
post truth it's almost like post
plausibility right like like honestly
like it's like it's one thing to get up
there and say you know we can't have a
deficit or you know or something like
this say something like where there's
some nuance or you need to have some
level of sophistication but is there any
grown like person over the age of 15 who
doesn't know you know Ralph or like
there's no one there's no one who
believed that they did this Renata
alumnist thing as an omage to her I mean
first of all his lawyer when it first
came out said yeah because he he had
kissed her but even put that aside we
all know what that is we all know what
that is I mean in some ways it's like a
there's a there should be a societal
shame about it because you know and I
imagine this stuff still goes on in in
in in in many respects but certainly
that era that you know having been more
or less the exact same age as Kavanagh
that era was full of that type of stuff
you can see it all over the the
so-called comedy movies of that exactly
but there's no shame about it it's just
like we're gonna pretend they did nope
it never we're diggin pretend like it
just didn't happen like it's not like no
it's what I mean there no one didn't no
one in that room literally any there's
no one in that room who believed that
and yet it is not everybody walks out go
like that we don't know he's blind like
certainly his wife and his his whoever
was sitting behind him crying looking
like they were just retching they knew
he was lying about that don't and and
again and and again
Sam it's about the smallest things right
I mean about the smallest of things why
lie about Ralph
I mean that just it doesn't make any
sense to me and and well it does make
sense to me because at the end of the
day it's just it's just a brazen
exercise of power the Republicans don't
give a damn about the nation they only
care about theirs
there's their there there there's the
outrage of talk-radio conservative talk
radio there is the the propaganda of Fox
News there is this perceived base that
was clamoring for the Republican Party
to to demonstrate a spine of course
there's Donald Trump and and and and his
own self interest in having Kavanagh on
on on the court it did it didn't matter
what for it doesn't matter what this
might mean for the institution it
doesn't matter what this might mean for
women and girls and boys across the
country and some and and men as well who
have been subject to sexual assault they
don't give a damn and so what we saw
yesterday is this extraordinary
juxtaposition we saw the thoughtfulness
of and and compassion of dr. Blasi for
as she came forward to give voice to
some to a one of the most traumatic
experience in her life up to this point
and then we saw the belligerents of
patriarchy being challenged for those of
us who have sent their kids to private
schools for those of us who know people
who've gone up in that who grew up in
that environment it was an exaggerated
version of what we've seen and what we
know in every shape form and fashion and
again for me it was horrifying
yeah I mean I can't I still like I I
keep coming back to your your your
notion of that value gap because he's
lying about the Renata alumnist thing
and he's lying about drinking and he's
lying about all those things because
they are they take it the story of him
the narrative about him
a step closer to that incident being
true that that Ford's claims being true
and he knows it and everybody else knows
it
that if he's to give up that ground in
any fashion that they're gonna be very
close they're gonna be a little bit
closer and it's going to be much harder
to ward off those charges right and I
just it just has to be they don't think
her and I'm not even talking about like
the forget the politicians the people
sitting behind him
Victor's don't think her life is was was
valuable enough to warrant like if the
charge had been he broke into regularly
broke into BMWs in high school and stole
radios from guys just like him he would
have been in more hot water I think you
know I think that's right Sam I think
part of part of the society that we live
in and I opened with this is that it's
that we live in a deeply and profoundly
sexist and patriarchal society and what
follows from that is precisely the plank
the claim that you're making and that is
that women are less valued that girls
are less valued then than boys and men
and and the fact that particularly white
heterosexual men are accorded a certain
kind of status are assumed to have given
to have access to the benefits of empire
to the spoils of empire in ways that
others do not that we see that value gap
right evidence in in very specific ways
in our day-to-day lives and in these
very dramatic moments so let's be very
clear what dr. Blasi Ford just did
yesterday there are women right now
women of color right now on strike with
McDonald's McDonald's workers because of
sexual harassment because of sexual
assault they want better conditions in
their work environment
so women who aren't in the elite you
know who don't you know art around
country clubs and going to private
schools in Washington DC are professors
at Palo Alto or research instructors at
Stanford with women who were serving
hamburgers and chicken nuggets are
experiencing sexual assault right now
but in this society that is so
profoundly sexist and patriarchal right
their experiences are marginalized and
they're not taken seriously even when
they come out and so what was on full
display yesterday is what's at the heart
of make America great again but at the
heart and what makes a at the heart of
make America great again
Sam is his reassertion of white
patriarchal power right this reassertion
of a certain way in which this country
function and it has every implication
for people of color and for women across
the board what do you think happens I
mean you know one of the things about
the Anita Hill hearings is that it
wasn't and see it seems to me at least
in terms of the of maybe not even I
don't know if it's ever reached the
broader the the broader popular
conscience to be honest with you because
but that it wasn't till years later that
we heard there were three other women
who were going to corroborate Anita
Hills charges right if they vote to make
this guy a Supreme Court justice on
Monday or Wednesday or whenever the the
final vote is gonna be how many days
we're not talking years now how many
days or weeks is it going to be before
we hear more about Brett Kavanaugh I
mean right now we have eleven lawmakers
in Maryland who are calling for
Montgomery County to investigate the
sexual assault allegations against
Cavanaugh I don't know if Hogan can stop
it or or will but you know if Ben
Jealous gets up there and says like I
vow to open up this investigation if I
become governor and then Ben Hogan feel
some pressure to do it I mean what
happens if we have you know because this
