[Music]
so Alex I don't know if you saw this
because it's just broke
moments ago but president Trump's
longtime lawyer Michael D Cohen
apparently secretly recorded a
conversation with Donald Trump two
months before the presidential election
in which they discussed payments to a
former Playboy model this is not stormy
Daniels who said she had an affair with
Donald Trump this is according to
lawyers and others familiar with the
recording so this was a recording that
was seized during the raid on Michael
Cohen's office and as you know
prosecutors are looking into those
questions to see if it broke financial
of excuse me campaign finance laws now
this woman was not stormy Daniels this
was Karen McDougal who had a an affair
with Trump in 2006 right after Melania
gave birth to their son Barron nice and
but her story gets sold to the National
Enquirer for 150 grand that's the one
they spiked right then they spiked it
yeah and they sat on it
now here's my first question for you
today Alex you are you have done a
tremendous amount of reporting in your
career mm-hmm but maybe you wouldn't
know about something ice but when you
have a situation where someone tapes a
random conversation mm-hmm right let's
say you're a personal lawyer for your
client and you've taped a conversation
is it your sense that this is a one-off
like I just this is the one conversation
I decided to tape with my client who
I've had for over a decade yeah yeah I
would I would I would feel like you you
might have do that morva as a habit then
suddenly decide one morning today is the
day I'm gonna tape today's the day I'm
taping Donald now okay so if that's the
case any course this is all speculation
conjecture right but let's just assume
that Michael Cohen had a lot of tapes
mm-hmm and the FBI seized all his stuff
in his off
and they've given it to the Cohens
lawyers to look through to confirm what
stuff may be clean what stuff may be
dirty from the perspective of and I'm
using that in terms of what is what
stuff may be germane and what stuff is
client/attorney privilege and the fact
that this recording existed was and now
we don't know we don't know where this
came from but you're a reporter okay so
mr. Cohen's lawyers discovered the
recording as part of their review of the
seized materials and shared it with mr.
Trump's lawyers this is according to
three people briefed on the matter now I
don't think you know anon reporters
don't know that there are that these
terms
people briefed with the matter they mean
something like that it that's not
anybody in the world that means that
there's a select group of people and I
mean I and I don't think people are
really totally savvy about this like
like it just your average reader of the
news doesn't realize like government
officials means one category of people
right a high-level advisor means an uh a
distinct set of people that it could be
yeah so let me just ask you as the way
this is written mr. Cohen's lawyers
discovered recording as part of their
review of seized materials shared it
with mr. Trump's lawyers according to
three people briefed on the matter we
have nothing to say on this matter mr.
Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis said when
asked about the tape now now just even
saying those words the results come back
okay so explain to people like how it
spot like who could have been in that
universe that told that that I mean and
and why we would know that mr. Cohen's
lawyers discovered the recording as part
of their review I I haven't only just
saw this headline as I got off the the
train but I get the impression that okay
so if it's people briefed on the matter
it's like we could be talking about
Cohen's lawyers camp
going with this not just to like sort of
put the screws to Trump but also to say
like there might be more it could be the
US Attorney's Office because this is
going through them right this isn't but
uh right yeah I mean the Muller
investigation right
by all accounts right because we know
Brett Kavanaugh for instance leaked
during the Ken Starr yeah yeah well but
most people don't leak right that's I
mean that's what it seems to be what
project you know reporters are saying in
private now maybe they wouldn't even say
that well that's why I was saying I
thought it might be the US attorney in
New York which would it be because he's
been referring things to them
and they usually have more of a
relationship but what's that what's the
byline on this is Haberman do this one
this is a Matt Apuzzo Haberman and
Schmidt yeah so Haberman is in with you
know Trump and his team obviously but
yeah you know people briefed in the
matter is Blake you know this was
obviously done strategically and
intentionally by someone to send a
message which is how you these things
usually work right and make
theoretically it could be the lawyers
could off the record right yeah and and
so they would make an agreement I mean I
don't think people understand this
dynamic with reporters that like you can
you call a reporter and you say like
look I'm gonna give you the entire part
of this story mm-hmm and then I'm gonna
go on the record only with one quote
yeah okay I have no comment or it's like
yeah this is very disturbing or whatever
it is but in the meantime the here's the
whole thing here's your whole entire
story yeah oh yeah oh yeah that's
generally how it works yeah and I don't
think people I don't think people are
aware no and it's actually it's one of
the it's one of the failings I guess of
the of the traditional sort of newspaper
Eve's style which is that they think all
these terms of art I mean they don't
feel the need to explain them I guess I
always feel like there should be a
little bit more transparency even if you
can't reveal your sources there should
be little bit more transparency about
what these terms mean it is it's totally
I find it to be totally fascinating
because I've been doing this like
professionally reading the news for
almost 15 years now and when I went
through particularly the siRNA vich
story
hmm I I had friends who were helping me
in terms of negotiating with the
reporters oh yeah and did you know like
if what what time can this be published
what time you know I'm gonna give you X
Y or Z and are you gonna give me I mean
this is all negotiation yeah and these
and and these three reporters and all
the people involved in this they all
have terms that they have already
probably worked out and then they make
specific ones for each stories yeah and
the the point of that is that this is
Michael Cohen because clearly they knew
the recordings existed before they
reviewed them yes yeah
because Michael Cohen did it he did it
yeah he probably mentioned to his
lawyers like oh I have one recording or
maybe I have boxes and boxes of
recordings but this is the Thema stwong
yeah I mean Giuliani is in this story
saying look there's no yeah there's a
recording but there's no specifics like
he didn't do anything wrong here but
this is Michael Cohen saying
definitively to Donald Trump's camp like
I have tape I have tapes yeah here's an
example of one that's not gonna get you
in trouble
yeah yeah and so this to me says that
Michael Cohen is still trying to his not
flipped
oh no no no yeah yeah because he I mean
the well so they made a point of saying
like they found it under review and
shared it with Trump lawyers and not
like he shared it with them yeah it's
not like Michael Cohen told prosecutors
look what I have right he's like yeah
you know they already they found this
like but we're still we can maybe keep
some other stuff away from him exactly
and I say that because also the the
trial for mana four starts next week
maybe I guess in yeah next week 25th is
when they start to select jury and mana
for its in prison and he is not he's
clearly not flipped yet I think mana
Ford is I don't think he's just waiting
for a pardon I think he's afraid getting
killed yeah that could I mean yeah by
him by
some of his former billionaire Russian
Oleg are getting very tough I mean you
know like this doesn't necessarily have
any bearing necessarily on the question
of collusion and whatnot yeah
but um that's more like the literal
Mafia end of all of the story well yeah
that's what I said that's obviously what
the our position is I don't want to get
whacked what tea from strangers for the
next little while got like that uh
chilena
that Chilean queer that got blown up in
DC in 70s I mean you know so okay so
this has all been my like I guess my
Maddow attempting which is which is the
this week I think has been a turning
point in terms of the level of credulity
credulity that a significant subset of
this sort of the media I think and just
sort of broadly America I think has
started to take the Russian collusion
stuff a little more seriously yeah and I
mean it's speak there cuz I'm curious is
where you are cuz I'm looking at this
piece by this guy from Politico and he's
you know he's Politico and you know I I
don't really know his work that well I
think he was at BuzzFeed I don't know
why I'm no longer a Russia gate skeptic
and what where are you on this I'm
curious as to like what because and I
have to say
part of what's influenced my my thinking
significantly has been reading Marcy
wheeler hmm no I I think has I think is
probably the most credible voice on on
this that exists at least from my
perspective yeah because having known
her past work and and you know where she
sits sort of politically right right
right and then she just coincidentally
was on two weeks ago like a lot with me
was last we always know
so it was a week ago Wednesday and then
all those you know since happened the
the twelve GRU indictments Donald Trump
talking about EU being a foe then
meeting with Putin without a anybody
else in the room then the press
conference yeah
then we have and we'll play this in a
moment
dan coates is like two or three days of
like the lights are flashing red went
and also in trumping on which Jeff Glor
the day before yesterday we covered it
yesterday and complaining like nobody
talked about all the positive
developments that came out of the
meeting yeah and I add I will also add
to this the arrest and indictment of
Marie abou Tina is it Ernie yeah yeah /
- who appears to be a Russian operative
of some sorts yeah and could very well
have been a conduit to bringing the NRA
millions of dollars and we should say
people have been talking about this
story with the NRA for some time the NRA
sort of spent a significantly more a lot
more this cycle than they normally do
yeah which is counterintuitive
because this did not look like a good
cycle for them no right I mean nobody
thought going into that election like oh
we're gonna yeah no one was like this is
our right this is the restoration like
no one was like the Donald will lead the
yeah I mean they knew it was a big one
the but my since forever I have thought
like and other people said this to like
collusion it's like a term that K as we
as Trump has done like you can twist it
to that it he you can get out of it
meaning almost anything right but I
think it's like it's always was sort of
clear to me that like the Russians
wanted Trump to win do more willing to
help him and that people in his camp
were willing to accept that help like
either with plausible deniability about
where it came from or openly welcomed
knowing exactly where it came from and
that might be where the question has
like lied but uh you know what like with
Trump personally like yeah he like
Russian banks were like handling like
we're giving him money for years and
like he was doing it like try and get
projects done in Russia and like when
American banks didn't really would
really want to deal with him so all of
this stuff in it like the events have
been shocking to me but I found like the
the Blake piece about why he's no longer
a skeptic like a lot of these things I
feel like were like the pieces were
there I guess and but you haven't it is
it's remarkable to see them being put
out in the open like that but yeah I
mean I'm gonna push you a little bit
further because it means the thing I
from from day one I felt like this is
Trump there's definitely money
laundering that's been going on there
for a long time during yeah and it's
quite possible that Trump thought and by
Trump I mean those close to him like I
don't know how much he is on top of any
of this right yeah but they were dealing
they thought they were just dealing with
the normal you know Macedonian hackers
that they used to get credit card
numbers at different times or something
like that yeah but those pose a target
hack but the idea that there is there is
a quid pro quo is really the question
yeah and and it did did the did the
Trump Organization know that they were
getting help and did they also say like
we will do some will do some wasn't the
most shocking part of what Marcy wheeler
said actually yeah he implied like
serious geostrategic deals right yeah
we're gonna restate we're gonna shift
Syria policy fundamentally we're gonna
like she said things that were far
beyond what you would assume like we'll
help you out with a you know capital or
whatever your personal self-interest is
but like
actual real deals that have me yes that
they may have a vested interest in - I
mean right no it's the way it goes right
no it's like in these type of situations
it's not just like hey you know we'll
help you get elected and you're gonna do
this other thing for you that's also not
gonna pay off it's like no you we're
gonna get you some insight we're gonna
do it all take a piece of this yeah
thank you you show up with the car and
we're all gonna share in the bank loser
all yeah sharing the new pipelines that
we have a stranglehold over Europe on as
we destroy the EU and NATO there does
seem to be though I mean there's also
just sort of this weird thing of like
Trump does a very bad job of covering
his tracks
yes he does yeah I think it's because
he's partly crazy yeah well this is
actually if so when I fully believe that
in you know it's like when they always
were like oh we took the meeting about
it was about adoption and it's like
that's not you're not like making
yourself sound innocent because we know
what that means like we know the entire
adoption thing is is about like letting
your oleg arks to whatever they want but
I think that it's oh yeah like I I would
easily believe that they made grand
geostrategic promises and that what we
have seen in the flailing since then is
this realization that they can't
maneuver around the government that they
put in place to accomplish what they
want entirely you know what I mean so
it's like they can't like Trump is doing
everything in his personal power to like
sow discord in the EU and then meeting
and then you know if if Putin is
chastising him like maybe it's just
about like well you're not actually
delivering on all these things that we
actually wanted you know its own in the
Richard Wolffe book and whatever
everybody's skeptical I bought most of
it but there's a part where basically
Bannon is livid because Ivanka and
somebody else that I don't remember has
done a PowerPoint where they've
basically just shown kids being gassed
in Syria and Trump just starts going the
foam at the math the foam at the mouth
that's all he can talk about and he
decides they need to do airstrikes in
Syria and Bandhan is out of his mind
and I thought of that was Marcy wheeler
because I was like maybe there's a whole
other level of being pissed about that
right in light of what she's saying you
know and what you're saying
