we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone James risin the
Pulitzer Prize winning now with the
senior national security national
security correspondent at the intercept
also author of numerous best-selling
books including state of war the secret
history of the CIA and the Bush
administration which in in some respects
your your piece and the intercept my
life is a New York Times reporter in the
shadow of war on terror it's almost in
some ways a backstory of the the the
reporting that went into state of war
welcome to the program oh thanks for
having me
so I mean let's let's start with I guess
the the one of those things that one of
the stories that was in state of war
which ultimately was published in the
New York Times but let's start with the
discovery of stellar wind tell tell
folks remind folks what stellar wind is
and and how you began to report on it
yes solar wind is the code name for the
NSA's domestic spying program that began
after 9/11 and which continues today
it's the same them it's the same broad
program that Edward Snowden released
documents about and it's kind of a
umbrella term for very broad-based
surveillance of both metadata which
means you know call phone call logs and
email addresses and content voice
communications on phone or
communications are the actual substance
of emails and other other data and you
know that
program as I said began right after 9/11
and was secret its existence was the
biggest what a lot of people thought was
the biggest secret in the government and
in 2004 when I was a I was covering the
intelligence community for the New York
Times and a source but in the course of
a conversation a source told me I know
the biggest secret in the government but
I'm too afraid to tell you and I decided
to just keep meeting with that person
over the next few months and we the two
of us began to just talk about how this
thing that was the biggest secret that
the source couldn't tell me and finally
in late summer I guess it was of 2004 I
just said to the source you've got to
tell me now what is this that you keep
talking we keep talking about and then
the source you know kind of told me over
a short period of time outlined the
whole structure of of this domestic
spying operation that nobody knew it
existed and that was the beginning of my
reporting on it and then it led to very
very long negotiations between the New
York Times and the government over
whether to publish the story and I want
to talk about the obviously the those
negotiations and in some ways they led
to the the the outcome of those
negotiations led to this state of war
the book but but let me ask you this
like what I mean I presume and and tell
me if I'm wrong that your source shared
this information with you because of
their concern of the legality of this
yeah yeah they would they would a lot of
it turned out we you know I found other
people subsequently to talk to about it
and they were all very
very they believed that it was either
illegal or unconstitutional and that it
was being done secretly and without only
a handful of people in the government
new and you know most people in Congress
were kept in the dark about it and it
was going to the key to that story was
that they were skirting the law they
were going around the secret court that
had been set up to handle you know
national security wiretaps and this is
the surveillance this is the FISA Court
applies the court establish the court
the the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act
that I guess came out of in the 70s that
came out of yes the the I think was the
Church Commission right and so I mean so
there was a how many people like did you
have a sense of like how many people
knew this I mean as you started to do
the reporting to get sort of
confirmation from other sources
did you have a sense of like how many
people knew this secret and how many of
them were were you know concerned about
its legality or constitutionality and
and what differentiated them from those
who would order it well over time we we
came to realize that a lot of people and
the government knew about it and the
very highest reaches of the government
you know and it turned out real and if
much later found out that they'd been a
rebellion that the Justice Department
and the FBI over certain aspects of the
program and you know all of this was
being kept secret and you know to make
sure that the Bush administration didn't
suffer any political damage from it and
we eventually found out that one reason
they were keeping it secret was that
there were people at the highest reaches
of the Bush administration who were
afraid of being prosecuted if it all
came out
you know it was it was a real conspiracy
of silence and that extended in in in in
one fashion or another to the New York
Times we explained to once at what point
did you go to the Times and say hey I
have a big story here and and tell us
what happened at that point well when
you have a good story you know you kind
of tell editors pretty much immediately
that you you think you have a good story
even if it's not ready to go and so you
know all along that had been telling
editors you know there's something here
that I think I think might be Bay and
but you know the real you know and and
then I started working with another
reporter in the Washington bureau on it
who I who was sitting next to me and we
realized that we were both hearing about
the same thing from different people and
we started working together on a draft
of a story and then I think loosen up
the fall of 2004 I decided to call the
NSA and connects confront them and go
you know go through the front door to
confront them and I got Mike Hayden the
NSA her on the phone and kind of read
him the first couple graphs of a draft
of a story when he just gasped audibly
and then you know said oh you know
whatever we're doing is legal and
effective and it was operationally
effective and then he got off the phone
and before long he called the Washington
bureau chief of the New York Times and
that kind of began a very long process
of negotiations and and and I and
presumably you know where were you in
the reporting at that point I mean did
you feel like we've gone as far as we
can go did you feel at that time did you
have a sense from the your editors at
the Times that okay this is about we're
we're gonna run with this story because
we're now talking we're we're just
before the 2004 election between Kerry
and and Bush and this would have been
rather important information to know
when you go to the voting booth or
theoretically right right yeah I mean
after that you know we were still doing
more reporting and then ask and then but
by that you know even after that phone
call was Hayden we kept doing more
reporting and more writing and
everything and but by the time we met
with the you know I went we went to New
York to meet with the executive editor
Bill Keller to decide whether to publish
it you know week or two before the
election and by that time Eric Lichtblau
the other reporter and I in our editor
back to corporate believed we should
publish a story and Teller disagreed and
decided not to publish it before the
election and based you know on the
position of the government which was you
know they were lobbying the paper very
heavily not to publish it on national
security grounds and so I you know I
disagreed with that decision and I
argued in favor of publication but
Kelley decided not to Wow how would you
characterize like a Keller's position
was it that we're getting too much
pressure from the United States or head
he from the government or hit he bought
in like this is too dangerous we're
going to we're going to expose the
United States to it's too dangerous we
may be exposing the country to a
terrorist attack I mean in other words
like what was what was your sense of his
reasoning well I you know I knew what
the government was arguing you know
government officials I admit I had met
some of them and we had a meeting right
after I called the right after I called
Hayden the Washington bureau chief felt
aldman and I went to the White House and
with the acting CIA director and his
chief of staff and so I heard their
arguments which were you know that this
is the their basic argument was this is
the most important counterterrorism tool
that we have and you can't reveal this
the existence of this to the public
because it'll make it easier for
terrorists to attack the United States
and so that was the basic argument and I
my position was that terrorists know
that the United States listens to phone
content of their conversations and the
only thing we were really revealing was
that the Bush administration had decided
to ignore the law in the way in which
they did that and so I felt like there
was a real public right to know that the
government was ignoring the law and so
that it was a it was a classic national
security versus civil liberties debate
and that was yeah but those are the
those are the two opposing positions
basically in was it just simply that
Keller agreed like oh yeah this is
clearly this puts the country too much
at risk or was he like the I think he
yeah well I think he accepted the
government's position at that time that
this was too valuable an asset enter
terrorism tool and you know and that
that you know I think that was the basic
view and you know it took time over the
next you know we we then after the
election
Eric was well and I convinced the
editors to let us try again to get to
convince them to publish it and we did
more reporting and more writing and we
then met again with the editors in
December 2004 about a month and a half
after the election and again they
decided not to run it and he decided to
kill it makes
accepted the government's position that
it would be too damaging to national
security to run it and I just really
disagreed with that decision as a
reporter in that situation do you do you
then say like well okay how about this
how about we don't write what it is we
write there's a there's a program that's
going on that many people have questions
as to it being constitutional or legal
like I mean is that a negotiation that
you that you you start to I mean like I
mean I mean is that time you can do that
is that a ridiculous idea I mean I mean
I don't know like that's why you know
right is that silly interesting question
it's an interesting question there's a
lot of stories that are where you
negotiate with the government over
specific details in which you you know
you agree to take out a certain detail
in a story and I've done that over the
years this was you know I never saw how
you you know I don't think you could
have done that in this case okay because
the whole story was about the existence
of this program and I you know the very
existence of the program was the thing
they didn't want anybody to know but it
wasn't like some details it's not
anybody didn't know about and that was
so I think it made it different but
you're right there are certain stories
where a lot of times the news
organizations will negotiate and I'll
call take this out and we'll be and
we'll be okay
and but I don't think it was possible in
this case I folks Sam cedar here we
still need your help on our patreon page
YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
