the pence space Wars thing
you excited about space force I'm jacked
I'm so psyched for space force I just
love I love these kind of things that
they do it's my favorite part of the
whole Trump thing would you sign up for
it would you sign up for space for us
yeah I mean what's gonna happen you mean
what like there's no there's no buddy
out there you know you're not gonna get
fragged you're not gonna you're not
gonna be traumatized for life by you
know machine-gunning a bunch of people
at a cross at a checkpoint or something
there's nobody up there you know it's
gonna be just like like asteroids in
real life you just get to float around I
guess it's just like being an astronaut
with a gun and everything's more fun if
you have a firearm involved all right
here is Mike Pence and he's already
looking like he said it's he's already
like delivers it his his voice is saying
excited about space for us his face
looks like wallace and gromit it looks
like one of the rockets has already
blown up accidentally yeah every time
every picture pense looks like the words
coming out of semester gonna be I'm
sorry it was malignant here is Mike
Pence announcing space Wars our
adversaries have transformed space into
a war fighting domain already really and
the United States will not shrink from
this channel' posit is it possible
they've been watching like a movie like
watched Independence Day maybe they
don't know what illegal alien means
maybe they think that means literal
space people have the Chinese what's
going on if the Chinese are they sending
down killer arrays to us or what pence
thought Mass Effect was body cam footage
maybe they discovered a tract on posad
ISM and thought that that was really
gonna happen when the space comrades
come and bring us communism we have to
defend us against space communism here
we go
he looks pretty dour serious business
under president Trump's leadership we
will meet it head-on to defend our
nation and build a peaceful future here
honor by weaponizing space hold on wait
a second this guy can he not read I
don't think I've ever seen him deliver a
formal speech before the peaceful future
he's having real problems with the
teleprompter build a peaceful future by
strapping bazookas to the International
Space Station
but again winding back he's got that
George Bush thing to where he said I got
to bounce a little bit so he can read
prompts leadership we will meet it
head-on to defend our nation and build a
peaceful future here on earth and in
space America will always seek peace in
space as on the earth but history proves
that peace only comes through strength
keeps adding space it's like we're gonna
have peace on earth it's like I
understand that there's a bunch of
humans here they fight over resources
and ideologies and stuff and in space
it's just a bunch of but it's a vacuum
it's already incredibly peaceful you
don't have to do anything to make space
more peaceful than it is it could not be
more peaceful the definition you can't
even hear anybody scream and he also his
delivery and such it feels like David
Mamet has been coaching him on
delivering you know those like a they
all have that thing where they put their
commas in a different place yeah we're
weird spacing and pauses yeah will
always seek peace in space as on the
earth but history congratulations we did
at a peace only comes through strength
no no peace comes from but being a giant
vacuum that's what the peace comes from
will be their shred you don't need the
show force to asteroids scaring vacuum I
guess going back to 2011 NASA was banned
by Congress from using funds to host
Chinese visitors at NASA facilities and
a 2013 Congress passed legislation
barring Chinese nationals from entering
Nassif
Sylla tease without a waiver from nasa
yes I think we've already been on it
well the the fact that they want this to
be publicly funded as opposed to
literally everything else the government
does means maybe they don't trust Elon
Musk as much as I thought they might
this money to be made in exactly the
five hundred million dollar SS Baron
Trump Gundam has exploded that way right
there you go we've had we've had a
program like this right in the 90s you
want to play that clip that we had from
the 90s here we go we got one more clip
from the 90s where this or they had made
an earlier announcement about this of
course it was in by 4 3 by 4 good yeah
thank you very much we have an
announcement to make on July 4th of this
year America will blow up the moon we
have the technology the time is now
science can wait no longer children are
our future America can during a full
moon so we make sure we get it all God
and you know this only happened because
Trump just got it in his head the idea
for it from what do you think that's
what it was or do you think that
somebody goes to him and says like I've
got I built a bunch of like extra suits
and we need like I got like the VA thing
to me seems like the model do about this
of this administration where you've got
three guys who have nothing to do with
the VA they're not veterans they just
have products they want to sell to the
VA and so they start making massive
wholesale changes to the largest entity
I mean it's a two hundred billion dollar
entity aside from probably the military
itself the VA involves every aspect of
our government right like insurance
delivery of health care a myriad of
different things and these guys just
step in and make a large broad policy
changes based upon the fact that they
just want to enrich themselves I feel
like there's somebody out there
who is selling you know like bazookas we
made too many space bazookas so what do
you say that's just their art I guess
the idea is give us money and we'll
build one for you it'll be like we have
35 or something there is a principle
like this is primitive accumulation
right like the new Commons - private
that but there's nothing up there you
can build things up there you can put it
missiles out that you can do whatever I
mean in the 80s what what about does
this relate to Star Wars Sam but that's
what I don't know nobody has explained
to me what it is like it just sounds
like NASA is too is too gay because they
don't have guys and so we want a macho
NASA we want we want
it's just likes NASA they do the same
thing they go into space they crepe they
do what they do
space exploration and they build a space
stations but they do it with like an
ar-15 strapped to their back I mean what
is it
it is making space a force instead of
just a thing but that's just that's why
I kind of think that it started it's
just drops dying brain being like space
where why are there guns why isn't it
cool why isn't it strong why isn't it
forceful because NASA is just a bunch of
nerds
oh we're gonna find out about it what
happens to rocks when they have zero
gravity you know tell me yeah yeah I'm
falling asleep tell me about how you
went out and you like noscope a piece of
debris with a laser gun or something
like that do we
do we even know I mean have they if they
like like issued like what it's gonna
consist of like they're gonna be
personnel or is it just gonna be ships
or is it just weird firing that is what
I don't understand that's what I don't
know I mean they're not you're not
presumably they're not like hey join the
space force I mean that's kind of the
pitch they're making but that can't be
the case of like you know some high
school graduate it's gonna wander into
the the recruiting station in his local
mall but dude and be like hey you want
to go to the space force where are they
gonna put the labels because the people
with the labels gonna go on somebody's
uniform that what is that person but the
uniform do because everybody who goes to
space now has like 15 master's degrees
they're all scientists
they're not gonna just take kids but
gives you like sign up to get a
communications degree and go to
Afghanistan and I'm gonna put them in
space well not with that attitude over
here everything works out great you
can't do like two week you can't do six
weeks of boot camp and then go to space
the way you can go get deployed to land
war because it's land it's a lot easier
there's gravity here the okay on the
other hand on the other hand you need
far less guys to train to win the battle
we had said 15 people it's like a
massive force and one guy with a
freaking 38 and he's king of space
he's the warlord god king of space got
to take the victories where you gotta
fly ever bad ideas to my knowledge
there's never been a gun in space other
than in the film Armageddon but so if a
guy just went out there with like a
sidearm
one guy he's the king of space cuz who's
up there
there's like 12 Russians or something at
the International Space Station and I
think that's basically it I don't even
think China has people in orbit right
now so it's just like you're gonna go to
the International Space Station and just
like like rob them what are you gonna do
I mean what I mean like put him in space
jail so the apparently this goes back in
1992 there was a Russian space force
which is where this is that right dad is
that sounds like the and it focused on
aerospace warnings air sovereignty and
protection for Russia I don't know it
sounds like the Air Force yeah yeah yeah
it's yeah but space is no air so that's
that part at least is not relevant to
the space why are you such a Pettit
maybe busy busy doesn't their
up while they're trying to win the
Monopoly game was that a a Russian space
force or a Soviet Union space because no
Russians 1992 it spoke of the Union and
then it stopped in 97 reassume 2001 and
exists today
I would imagine don't tell
don't tell the resistance that because
now they're gonna be like oh we need a
space force they get Russians have a
space force we need one well I
understand the trumpet I know Trump said
this but sometimes we have to use his
ideas the training of the space forest
is probably guys who are learning like
they'll have their own martial arts
which involves just like unplugging
things yeah just pull someone's air tube
out you're done
and watching inception right you're
certainly grabbing you got to do the
grab move to pull the air hose the only
like significant thing and I don't know
how much I don't think this is factored
into the decision but was that we have
you know standards or history of not
wanting to militarized space and
agreements maybe even to that effect and
this sort of is a blahblah space force
but no I honestly yeah I think there's
something to the idea is just keeping
him busy and just as a politics angle it
is a great way to keep your hooting
swine fans engaged you have to keep
giving them new things or else they'll
get distracted and they'll like move on
or stop getting interested which is the
one thing that I think is gonna really
hurt the hurt the blue wave more even as
much as something like you know
gerrymandering and vote suppression is
that unlike previous presidents Trump I
think is unique in his ability to
contain engagement with his supporters
because what happens every single time
it's like a law of gravity you win an
election a presidential election your
supporters kind of lose interest they
won they kind of kick back and happen
with Obama it happened with Clinton even
with Reagan and with with Trump he's
keeping them engaged by throwing out new
stuff all the time there's stuff to get
excited about or angry about and and
like hey that thing with the space force
the patches pick one you are involved
right it's like interactive it's it's a
fun thing and so you get that you get to
go to the rally because he has a rally
somewhere I mean he probably has a rally
where you live you know within the two
weeks considering how much he moves
around you can go to the rally you could
pick out your favorite spaceforce logo
you could you have an engagement but you
didn't they're in an idol but do you
think they're gonna come out and vote
for a Republican congressman like I do
that is the problem Obama had that same
problem - yeah people liked him but
but none of that and trump has
specifically sort of positioned himself
against traditional Washington and so
that that will hurt it but I mean he if
he if he works hard enough and this is
gonna be hard for him because his ego
doesn't really there was that famous
moment where he was talking it's
important about he's like it's important
it's as important as voting in 2016 I
don't know who wrote that it's not as
important I don't think he I don't think
he could possibly bring himself to make
it about the guy on a date in any real
way yeah I guess it's just you hope that
it has a spillover effect you hope just
get him riled that are imagining their
idiot son in space with a firearm
plugins he's out of my basement and he's
floating around Alpha Centauri lasering
lizard people I mean I think that's true
I think he I think he has not space
he doesn't have scope in terms of his
audience like it's not expanding no it
in fact I think there's some evidence
that it may be contracting a little bit
but it's deepening oh god yes right and
then at that same poll that showed that
like one in five Trump supporters are
showering on him the other four like it
more than when they voted right place
Obama care but now that's change today
through the sharper image
you can enjoy the world's greatest
states in your own home with family
friends anytime and you're going to
finally have the affordability they need
and the quality they deserve at a lower
price it was it was a restaurant or it's
a key cog store no yeah it's like a it's
like a SkyMall catalog but a real yeah
they're gone well I haven't been to the
mall in a while this is SkyMall that's
one of my all-time favorite things for
the 2016 campaign was it was after one
of the primaries that he won and people
were getting the Republicans were
finally realizing this guy might win and
so they were al hands on deck and so
they were going after him for failing
businesses be like well everyone thinks
he's a good businessman we're gonna
point out how many of his business has
failed there's no more Trump steaks
there's no more Trump water and he had a
press conference and he wheeled out a
bunch of steaks and he said these are
the Trump steaks they're right here
folks
that wasn't a debatable proposition that
like they've actually don't exist you
can't buy them but he had some that
somebody had just gone to a grocery
store and bought and brought to the
thing and he's like no wait what are you
talking about there's no Trump steaks
they're right here
that was amazing and that really showed
got to ball and I thought they were
still traffic no there's no more Trump
steaks
no he had them he bought some at a
Kroger and brought him into the store it
brought him in he says if you want some
you can buy him later it's like yeah
that's the that's the new retail market
is you literally come up to the
presidential candidate and give him
money in exchange for some steaks that
he brings around with him on a cart you
probably actually could I have a quick
question about that though do you think
that when they emphasized I get that
they were attacking his core you know
oh yeah yeah but at the same time I feel
like that was another area where a lot
of people could say like hey look I
tried to star like a little bit honest
it didn't work out like what's you know
what's necessarily wrong with that yes
is another I think I think they take it
yeah its persistence could yes going
after failing but the other one is what
are they saying they're saying this
they're saying words a politician is
saying words and the words are this
business failed that business failed
what the people in their mind remember
is the apprentice that's that's a vision
that's that's like a that's television
that is always gonna be more real than
what some nerd like Marco Rubio said
actually those businesses fail my small
penis
my my my former betrothed made a
documentary on the photographers or at
least one of whom was picked by Castro
to tell the story of the revolution in
pictures you know they he knew I mean
part of it was because so many folks
were illiterate in Cuba at the time but
just the power of images is just much
much more powerful yeah you can't it's
just you're fighting against a reality
where they've seen the dynamic where
he's firing people he's firing Gary
Busey star of the bullet Buddy Holly
story oh yeah he making meat loaf is
 well I'm glad you guys are also
pessimistic about the chance of space
comrades but we're actually going to
talk about that on intifada this weekend
so maybe we'll change your minds all
right there you got ISM
