majority report with Sam Peter the
destiny of America is always safer in
the hands of the people than in the
conference rooms of any elite them they
are unanimous in my hate for me and I
walk up there apron we must guard
against the acquisition of unwarranted
influence whether sought or unsought by
the military-industrial complex the
majority report with them Caesar
[Applause]
[Music]
we are here today to give majority
report listeners one of the first looks
at a live majority report I sort of live
for these moments so it's like what not
on Eternia we're supposed to enter in
the front or is there a secret door
hello I'm Matthew my sister got here two
hours early hi Julie oh no did I not saw
that'll be bad I think I didn't bring
the cable part of the oh that yeah just
think that yeah usually I'm freaking out
because I'm handling all the tech but
these guys are so good here that now
everything just seems to be functioning
oh I forgot my notes
[Music]
check one check two check check check
check check
Janine used to get really annoyed by all
the sounds and so I'm trying to make
sure I have all the ones that really
annoyed her see baby put there - getting
my I think just about everything I'm
going to need are you playing a club Leo
the indie mic yeah and he's mad why are
you arguing with him that's the thing I
I couldn't help myself
okay yeah let's focus I'm sorry finish
this beer before we go on stage
everything's in slow motion today we're
going at about 0.75 X little bigger few
of your groups it's pretty good are you
sure those are the pants and leg over uh
their car hearts but yet good Kelly was
very worried about what I was gonna wear
you know look at questions but I turn it
Michael is going to be 45 minutes late
says he's stuck on the Polish bridge
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm patterning the sweat stains out of
my jacket with Telstra powder I just got
a whole food look it's the mayor Hudson
hello Jeannine so many people would stop
me and Hudson for messages for you but
can they recognize Justin Citadel sent
great work keeper thank you ah I don't
want to open it in front of the other
guests because of all the 20s will fall
out
oh my gosh she got me a sense when I
chewed Messick you go but it keeps doing
and I went to read coffee which is very
cool place it really had messages for
you there is it really yes ladies yeah
now go in there nobody present maybe you
seem a little bit timid aiding or lose
hey man going on doing so much your
program got you a little something to
that basic on your recent work little
Russian vodka
Oh excellent now thank you very much
with my treehouse well sure it's but few
of us I don't know what that means in
the cookie blue check mm how you doing
45 minutes
you just said at 12:37 you're on a
Polish bridge um - no I - hi Oh
[Music]
you see what's in here and I'm not I'm
not so much what he did is mortality and
that serves me must going to be Sam's
mom I'm just trying to manage whether or
not his pants are dirty on stage in
front of 350 people it's my face and
Fred didn't second with either of them
but I fear look at their pants or fine
who are you wearing today I'm wearing
let Kuma's jiggling
I always think they unavailable you very
available I'm going to go the iPad was
donated to the show my other one brick
would you do this you want me to sign it
and put it on your ebay and your talk it
sad that I knew exactly what you were
talking about when you list with her
eyebrows
just got the greatest moment out there
what happened will going are you back
off you're not I got your cards deck the
deck of card holder
it's like video Inland Empire they
thought about Matthew koma the whole
time but that's why would not be dumb
guy everything you know you're opposed
to my beer because I'm talking to the
dude with the brunt you did like I said
right now why fix the Frog if you came
to the problem I bleached it pretty much
smell strange dude we got it so I'm
hoping to get other people signature on
anything he wants the rest of you guys
some signatures to raise a few basically
[Music]
so we're going to go up there we're
going to bring you out and then we'll
talk about how the last time the three
of us probably talked together in a room
lose weight Bush yeah I mean I'm going
to bring you out then we'll talk a
little bit know things I like I'm Carson
you can say in the calories not yeah
[Music]
all right we're all going to go out
there sit down and we'll play the intro
and then give our prepared remarks joke
[Music]
how can i chew more in a right-winger
jealousy I got the real question you got
ready to list it for the show you have
done they don't want you to know you're
going to love it didn't write here
you're gonna love to listen to that but
but first off look you're getting
together right now
[Applause]
you don't have technical problems like
we're YouTube and that's because of that
oh my god living at the woods here
ladies and gentlemen
Janeane Garofalo
it's what so pleased that I set them off
on this sufferance lucrative now be
[Applause]
Italian I don't think thank you so much
[Applause]
Sheldon give me another podcast we'll
hang out out front here to beat off you
guys
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
a lot of people would laugh after our
show and now no no no excited feel a
great many I know but are they would
have liked depositing that much he's
taken upon as he does the world is on a
shoulder injury
[Music]
[Applause]
money is amazing is everything I wanted
to be I wanted some impressions and what
a Matt Taibbi when he grew up I wish
there was a horse outward stuff I'm in
it Monday through Friday it's my
favorite podcast it's the only one I
love the straw of libertarian thing and
it was like oh I guess I'll just watch
the show now because being like 50
smackdowns of libertarians weather like
out of these black people stuff like a
lot of people Arthur's trainer I'm not
nervous but I am like a little bit like
I didn't would I don't think I'd seen
like didn't have this country
[Music]
[Applause]
this is why I came ah
pretty fun turnout and the size and I
was like the intensity
it's so awesome on my day of exist that
you can give you updates and how many
people showed up hammered off ocean with
prominent m11 sauce New York New
Rochelle lasted pretty intense yet but
great where's after I can't see enough
thank you Matt author oh my god we were
pretty to that thank you for my time yes
my handsome beyond me I'm not I remember
all that you like a hawk we never get
starstruck you are my companion
reasoning on the way home Oh drive
carefully take your breath oh my go to
equality yeah take imagine hi all right
you guys get imagine thank you
oh my god thanks for working what he did
looking at her the weird part is really
beautiful things I am to have been
reading for years I have I am the chef
I'm known as Cristo I'm taco truck relax
nothing I don't very even with people
but computer call me bro MODOK
it's bro bro DLC but then I switch it
every now and then if anything that I
think is witty but it comes off usually
like way this cars light was not
here to avenge my knowledge okay
Chris Van de minimus everything samba
reason anymore because he just does just
like name the letter thing and there's
always like 50m 12 years of Cochran's
used a that was very exciting soul
you're stuck
oh yeah monkey it's up and he lives up
to his name
Oh
I used to think Kelly was a member for
Sue but doubling their yeah my gopher
that's really and why did you do that
name so is always relied on our audience
for sorry I've been a little bit too
linked with lately wondering where you
are I would hear a lot of people here
who knew other listeners our trial in
stark contrast an extra line or a week
to go and your own treatment I start
like Dickinson I won't if I can't wait
to see those on eBay
you know our audience and highly engaged
I mean not just with our show although
people showed up I think our earlier to
the show beginning to discuss almost
everybody here talk about who they talk
to bust up being on the show I'm not
tough like refrigeration they exactly my
friends would be like alright so is
wonderful you got me to come pick up my
factory
encourages people are living where you
do and using it good luck pretty great
I got your subscribers I love it but I
want to tell you something you're
keeping me sane really really happy to
be your same battery relatively try how
does it feel to know that so many people
are relying on you for the thin line
between insanity and that's a little
scary
could you tell me whose cross that line
aim my son after say I'm here to get a
selfie streaking out Harris raise up I
have the blue one I hit that button
trying to get more hits gonna start a
certainly me now probably going to work
no no I watch you both watch your movie
when you go to crap in the window
because it's
I'll see you next year
Oh
[Music]
so it's like a plastic tree yeah you had
your necklace
bizarre
[Music]
Sam would you please sign this until now
worthless copy of the big fall and by
the magic of this pen I continue to keep
it worthless
maybe I'll get a Harry Frazier just for
the video
[Music]
I'm your favorite right for the cookie
boo check and I'll bring all my shoes
and my my glasses with me so I have them
I got your present very present so it's
great to get on video
bags what is get up here open
my way what is this beam it's a jewelry
trade it's signed by Matt Taibbi oh my
word
well done Matt Taibbi signed it oh
they're cool wha what are you gonna put
on
[Music]
