we're gonna do a thing that's a little
bit more analogous actually to some of
the illicit history segments we're gonna
get into this deep history of the opioid
crisis let's do we're gonna break it up
into chapters but let's just do a little
preface here I actually liked what we
were talking about this on the phone the
other night and you were saying that
partially what this fits into and
partially what Trump actually tapped
into is that the crisis in America and
it always has been in some ways but it's
so bifurcated right now and that the
opioids tracks with the fact that a lot
of America actually really is and like
carnage there are pockets of carnage
where the numbers
I mean first off the opioid epidemic is
off the charts but it's not couldn't
even compare to a heroin crises of the
past in any and even just you know it is
just on a magnitude greater than the
crack episode called crack epidemic
it's killing now more people than guns
and suicide it is it is really
astronomical and that's just the deaths
the you know the sort of ongoing carnage
of lives destroyed by it you know is is
is even greater but it really is a
crisis that is happening in very
specific pockets of the country in
pockets that are interestingly don't
really get a lot of places like Staten
Island you're in in New York City is you
know the Forgotten borough in in rural
New Hampshire and then of course it's
really hit hardest in Appalachia in Ohio
in those areas so it is a it is a crisis
that you know sort of in the last year
everyone is woken up to and it is what I
think what I'd like to attempt to do
today is to try to draw a through-line
for people to try to understand how we
got here yeah it's a through line that
kind of starts in Apocalypse Now
goes weirdly through Afghanistan the
temple of den door at the met which is a
crazy connection we'll talk about later
through El Chapo and ending up here in
through the boardrooms a big
pharmaceutical farm and then and now you
know so that's a political frame of it
before we get into it I just really like
that you put it those like and of course
like it goes without saying of course
Trump in the Republican these people
it's all it's a lie they don't care it's
a scam but that when the response and
I've we critique this a lot on this show
when the response to him saying
something like that like we're in
carnage is two-bit well if you know
factually that's not true and rage that
Italy yes but yeah he is speaking to a
very real and then of course doesn't
obscure like of course there's a racial
hypocrisy that when there was a crack
academic we racialized it and there was
no interest in treating people but alone
the underlying conditions it was all
racial war of course but to pretend that
this isn't a real thing that he's
articulating is inhumane and foolhardy
yeah and I think it's also tied to the
other you know interesting part about mo
will hopefully end up getting to it yeah
get to this build our way back up but it
all is also tied to the economic
situation and the stagnant wages and
other sort of hopelessness
you can't what's so interesting about
drugs is you can't separate them from
the socio-economic conditions by which
people become addicted to drugs in the
hopelessness of why you end up you know
snorting oxycontin when in a you know a
hollow in Kentucky you create a
condition where that's a rational
response not a right response but that's
a completely understandable response to
the reality you live in right and that's
what we miss so let's go to chapter one
yes we're back in Laos the nineteen
sixties the poppy fields start us so
everyone knows about the Vietnam War and
if you even watched Ken's burns Vietnam
you probably learn a lot about it but
even in that series no one really talked
about what was happening in Laos there
was an entire other
conflict connected but separate from the
war in Vietnam
there was a separate communist
insurgency happening in neighboring Laos
and the United States had various
treaties that prevented it from actually
putting group troops on the ground and
it was a situation where Johnson didn't
want to get bogged down in another
ground war so basically this was really
one of the CIA's first major
counterinsurgency operations a handful
of dudes went up into the mountains and
Laos and started fighting a secret dirty
war against the communist insurgents
they teamed up with the local warlord or
tribal leader or whatever you want to
call him named vang Pao who was kind of
a hero of the resistance matrilineal
towns were bang pow that's a big vang
Pao fan he actually asked to give us a
picture of him oh yeah no I by uh
so vang Pao had a fairly cohesive group
of Fighters the Hmong Hill people
they're called in the Lucian Highlands
and the CIA led by this guy named Tony
PO who's this world war ii fighter pilot
legendary you know part of this first
wave of CIA a commando dudes that Dulles
brought on really you know to fight
these dirty wars in the secret and he
basically went into business with vang
Pao it just so happened that vang the
what people grew in this area was the
opium poppy know so as this secret war
progressed in more arms a more plane
started flying in vang Pao started
utilizing this the transport planes that
were bringing arms it was run by a
secret not so secret actually but the an
airline called Air America which was a
front company for the pretty well known
for the CIA that moved material and
troops and other things all across
southeast the CIA is like official
unofficial exactly exactly like I had my
my father-in-law was working for us IAE
and he went on a mission up in in
Thailand to like do a study on democracy
and air Amer
I flew him up there you know so there's
full-service firm yeah drop the kid off
study some democracy take some heroin so
what evolved was essentially a symbiotic
relationship between this secret war
effort and vang Pao where he been
basically BK to the point where he
started realizing that they were flying
these planes back to bases in Vietnam
Vietnam in other parts of Southeast Asia
and there were a huge potential customer
base in the gis fighting this war who
again what are the conditions in which
they were fighting this war desperate
all they wanted to do is get away from
the current situation they were in so it
created this vicious cycle where vang
Pao's heroin was getting making its way
to the Troops the troops were getting
hooked in country and then they began
flying it back and it became
increasingly a giant operation which in
turn connected him to vang Pao to the
CIA connected guys who were involved in
the French Connection which had been
using Turkish connections from the
Fertile Crescent to bring in heroin and
now they started they connect they
connected with the gangsters Sicilian
gangsters to start bringing it into New
York and other place and this is like
the 67 this is like that night heroin
blow up 68 yep so this yeah just two
1970-71 where there's a major you know
all these GIS are coming back hook do
you have everyone's seen American
Gangster yeah this is a Frank Lucas
story right Lucas right and it was
really became the rise actually of the
first big black gangsters because prior
to this the Italian mob had really
controlled the drug trade you know
there's a myth you know if you watch The
Godfather that the mob didn't touch
drugs that's all a lie
they touch drugs they wouldn't allow it
in their own neighborhoods right but a
lot of their money came from drugs then
it always had you know
so Tony Poe is this really interesting
character who in the end broke
with vang Pao because that he saw that
vang Pao was just really becoming a
gangster and not really committed enough
to killing communists and Tony Poe kind
of went crazy and left and literally
went up the river and basically became
the character but by which my luau is
based on in Apocalypse Now of course the
whole story is based upon Joseph Conrad
right um
but the actual character that Brando
plays is based upon Tony PO went up the
river went crazy got his own little
militia married a local princess and
kind of so it's that's an incredible
story so then so that is an unbelievable
story so we have the first heroine and
at first and that leads to like just the
yeah the broader like Black Mafia a
certain type of musical sound least
corrupt police corruption right all the
stuff that people surf on oh yes sir oh
yeah yeah by 1971 the police they say in
New York City were actually the biggest
heroin they actually took over and had
made this huge bust of the French
Connection heroin and that but we're
replacing it with flour and selling it
on the streets it was actually the
biggest theft one single theft in
American history was the police
stealing seventy million dollars worth
of heroin from their own police locker
and selling it on the streets and that
was the corruption that Serpico was
talking about and it really had a
devastating effect on the police and it
had obviously devastating effect on the
black community and that was really the
first hand across the whole yeah I mean
and that's yes so that's leading okay so
that's the first time I'm an academic
let's go so chapter 2 yeah I was gonna
just say chapter 202 you have to kind of
rewind a little bit and set the stage
what's happening in Afghanistan Co
Afghanistan has another crazy Cold War
related story is in the 1950s
Afghanistan is this incredible sort of
new great game battle ground
of influence between the Soviets and
Eisenhower and Eisenhower goes in and
launches a gigantic Public Works program
they give hundreds of millions of
dollars worth of aid to Afghanistan
basically modern Afghanistan as we know
it today the highways the dams the
irrigation systems are completely built
by American aid money in the Soviets
also too but the highways and the Ring
Road around Kabul whole cities were
really built in this effort to you know
get Afghanistan to be a you know on our
side and not a non-aligned or a Soviet
aligned country and in the process by
creating this massive industrial
agriculture system they ended up
changing the salinity of the soil by
which it created the perfect conditions
to grow the opium poppy sell opium
poppies had always been you know growing
in Afghanistan but after the traffickers
ohms thanks yes thanks yeah there's
another amazing you can thank the Cold
War Bob that's like literally a blowback
yeah I like that that's like the
physical manifestation of blowback Oh
simultaneously as you have Bank pal
becomes the largest heroin producer in
the world right after the CIA
simultaneously the what's called the
Fertile Crescent up there in Afghanistan
Iran Afghanistan starts slowly at the
opium poppy becomes an increasingly
important crop for local various local
warlords and as we get into the 70s in
the the war of the moja Deen against the
Soviets the Mujahideen in part are
funding their operations by selling
opium and through of course like the
eighties and early nineties Anakin and
that connects with ISI stuff with the
Pakistani intelligence and and we're
doing our usual thing where we're just
sort of we're either actively complicit
or in the most the most like sympathetic
scenario to u.s. foreign policy just
yeah well
you know what we're gonna do laughter
this is how our allies are gonna make
money let's just not look at so after
yeah after the Soviets pull out
Afghanistan is a wasteland and it just
there's different warlords you know are
fighting for control throughout the 90s
and that's how you see the rise of the
Taliban now the rise of the Taliban is
really interesting story which I found
out there's a lot of myths about the
Taliban let me just pause you that again
so the story that I've heard with the
Taliban and this might be one of the
myths that's broken up by you is that in
1996 when they rose to power that they
basically and they come into a country
that literally is like cobbles like
see-sawing almost month to month between
guys that are willing to shell an entire
city to have I mean the level of
warlordism and disregard from and right
as an Afghanistan is like at the time
was exceptional and and depressingly as
a precursor for a lot of stuff we see
today yeah they came into power and and
the story of their founding mythology is
that these young religious students who
are really tough and they're trained in
Pakistani schools and they're also
trained you know in like the Pashto
fighting traditions right that there's a
young woman who's murdered and raped
right by a warlord right they come in
and they basically hang the guy this is
the legend and the legend is that they
came in they were the new sheriff they
were and they also caught the eye in the
beginning right of American foreign
policy makers the Saudis loved them and
oil companies here love them because the
idea was that these guys might rip the
place - exactly yeah so that's in the
end and so part of what they did after
96 up into 98 99 is promote an idea to
the world that they were cracking down
on the growing of opium pipe and of
course yeah that heroin if you if women
can't you know wear anything if there's
no television no music of course you'd
have to crack down on heroin right oh
yeah it was forbidden to to use it was
crap locally on they had provisions
though that allowed them to sell it to
foreigners and that in turn you know
cause a huge they were really slipping
it out the backdoor to Pakistan and
there's a huge heroin epidemic that
really emerges in Pakistan but up
leading up into the year 2000 they even
got the UN and United States to give
them all this money and give them like
little you know a merit badge for
cracking this major crackdown on the
growing of opium poppy the reality is
something much different right what they
did was actually brilliant which was
what they were seeing was there was
actually becoming a glut of heroin on
the market there actually wasn't a huge
demand and there was at that point
heroin was not really that's out of the
question so in because my perception is
that starting certainly in the 80s but
also through the 90s that heroin became
a much less trendy drug in the early 90s
it was I mean the heroin chic and okay
so heroin but not in the eighties like
did not really on 2000 heroin use like
in Europe going US was growing ass okay
they sort of saw that there was actually
a clot and the price was really low so
what they did was they confiscated all
this heroin they made some you know for
the cameras they burnt a couple piles
here and there but really what they were
doing were stockpiling so after a
strategic heroin reserves yeah guys I
got another beer please
Thanks so after 9/11 when the u.s.
invades
they it becomes a huge benefit for them
to help in the war effort and ever since
then basically the the you look at 9/11
and you look at the global output of
heroin to the world it is a hockey stick
no it is Afghanistan has be more than
anything Afghanistan has become a
narco-state and the Taliban have
essentially become just no different
from the Sinaloa cartel they pretty much
have lost the relay don't they don't
really care about religion that much
anymore they're basically and what's
really a
thing is it's not just the Taliban one
of the the biggest players in this game
was Hamid Karzai's brother Ahmed Karzai
really controlled the movement he wasn't
a grower but he was more of he was the
governor of a hog Muhammed province so
helmet profit Salman promise yeah yeah
right no no yes control you know nothing
moved without his okay right um and that
was completely known by the CIA he was
on the CIA payroll because they were
trying to use him because he was also
dealing with the Taliban so they're
trying to use him to get the Taliban so
you know in part in doing my series and
America's war on drugs you know we
talked to DEA guys like they this was a
major battle between these two agencies
and that tension between the CIA and the
DEA is a story that you know I heard
multiple times into multiple places so
that is one part of the story of this
global rise of heroin chapters right
before we get the chatter of three I
just want to take a brief moment I want
to remind myself that Nation of Islam
Obama issuing a fatwa that you can sell
heroin to infidels is absolutely a
future sketch on the show I just want to
index that I think it's brilliant
like according to hadith the animal
could take it I want to do like Obama
could have the Godfather seen what why
people take the drugs they have no soul
let them poison themselves they have no
souls anyway this chapter three tickets
to the corporate connection yes
okay so except I want to set that up
because I just think that chapter three
is fascinating because we have the
connection between underworld and
overworld that always gets exposed in
u.s. foreign policy and the CIA yeah but
now when we're talking about Boyd's we
realized that and and you know I think
you'd be careful like in my field and my
politics I'm always talking about the
criminality of capitalism the cruelty of
corporations and you know in at times I
think you have to be careful and not be
hyperbolic so company
be disgusting in destroy many lives but
they are not literally a organized crime
outfit in the sense that we use it right
when we get to opium or opioids we
really have to start looking at Pharma
and these companies as like there is not
we could start using one of most types
of sign oh we could use the most hype
hyperbolic language in a way that's
simply accurate if so take us thank you
yeah I mean just on that point a little
goat I mean if you ask any
pharmacologist or any neuroscientist
they will tell you the difference
between oxycontin and heroin that you
buy on the street is basically just two
things number one it's a lot more pure
and it's better the oxycontin oxycontin
right all right you buy in the
street is like could be adulterated with
any it could kill you and it's you know
probably is a lot less potent though now
it's gotten very potent because there's
lots of synthetics that are mixed in but
that's we'll get to that you know but
secondly really the only other
difference is it's just formulated in a
sort of slow release format and it's
just a different delivery system right
it's it is literally the same it's not
like you know some of these at work you
know adderall is this is very very
similar to meth right it pretty but it
is the same thing it's not the same
thing right this is if you ask any
pharmacologist it like there is not a
big difference between what it's doing
to your brain when you take oxycontin
and then and when you take Carolyn it's
just how it's delivered how quick it
hits you you know all those things but
it's hitting the same parts of your
brain it's doing the same things so so
chapters sing ya canary in the temple of
