contemporaneous or sort of running in
parallel to this or where does it
intersect is this whole story that came
out I guess maybe it was the beginning
of week I have for the life of me I
can't even remember now no meaning
anymore no it doesn't and and that's the
thing that amazes me about what must be
going on in these these prosecutors
offices where they just like we're gonna
need another wall to do to put our
little cue card you know our little
index cards up there but the meet the
the the relationship between this guy
Nader and broidy and the clown Prince
apparently has these calm Jared Kushner
and their dealings with the Saudis and a
UAE it seems like I mean I guess it
makes sense right like you know we're
open for business we just don't we don't
discriminate who our clients are we're
gonna take money from everybody you know
there's no reason but what does that
where is the cross over there or is it
just like it just happens to be another
bit of corruption no there is a cross
over and it's important to remember that
there's a cross over
although I mean this is the point I keep
making about the Halper story it's like
the Trump administration the Trump
campaign was willing to entertain
financial or somehow other beneficial
offers from Russian spies Israeli spies
Emirates by Saudi spies Turkish spies
Qatari spies I think I'm missing one you
know six seven different countries of
buys the only one they're offended by is
it somebody from the FBI would come in
to investigate
these seven other countries worth of
spies that's what the Trump argument is
that he's okay entertaining listening to
offers from seven countries from the
spies of seven countries but if
America's law enforcement decides to get
in on the act to figure out what's going
on that's what is offensive to Donald
Trump
so that's where we're at so that
connection
so basically Donald Trump was offered
the same thing the Russians were
offering campaign help in the form of
basically information operations run by
and is really a guy who's tied against
their spies and we'll have to see
whether mullah can prove that he did
that Jorge Nader is this guy who also is
a spy I mean he's been an informant for
the FBI and CIA going back years to work
off child porn charges
Donald Trump is okay hanging out with
Jorge nadir but not okay hanging out
with Steph and helper and what's
interesting about it a you're right this
proves that the Trump administration was
interested in pay to play from everybody
and also by the way proves when Don Jr
was interviewed by the Senate Judiciary
Committee they just released those
transcripts last week because time has
no meaning he's asked very specifically
did any other country offer to help you
did you have other meetings with people
from any other country to help win the
election and he says very clearly he
says no well that's a lot now he you
know so one thing we now know is that he
lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee
after having been warned that that's a
crime now is he involved in those
meetings with the Saudis and okay all
right yep yep yep so so he took a pitch
from the Saudis and Emirates and then in
2017 when he was interviewed by Senate
Judiciary Committee he's asked did any
foreign governments offer any other
foreign government offer or provide
assistance to the Trump campaign none
that I'm aware of
he was personally in that meeting did
any other foreign nationals offer
provide assistance from campaign no he
was in that meeting so that's a lie
if Chuck Grassley actually cared
anything about oversight and justice he
would be referring down jr. right now
for having lied to his committee he's
not but but the other thing you asked if
there was a connection with the Russian
thing and yeah there is because in
December at the same time as Kushner is
you know entertaining offers from
sanctioned Russian banks to get bailed
out of stuff and Kushner's also talking
to Qatar
and also talking to the Emirates they
set up a meeting in the Seychelles
island in January and there's actually a
series of meetings in the Seychelles
Islands and it's not just the Russians
it's the Russians and Saudis and
Emirates there's some Israelis there I
think there's there's even some South
Africans there so it was sort of this
party on this island in the middle of
the Indian Ocean where Erik Prince and a
bunch of other people would entertain
financial deals from basically these off
the oligarchs of every source and it is
believed I think we're seeing the
beginnings of the outlines George
Nader's closest to the emirate we're
beginning to see outlines of the
Emirates paying off the Trump on behalf
of the Russians so in other words the
Emirates give you a way to pay off the
Trump's in a way that might not be
traceable to Russia as easily if that
makes sense
interesting and that's almost like
analogous to broidy paying Cohen to
ostensibly pay a huff a playmate model
right who ostensibly had an affair with
Brody but it's starting to look like
that woman had an affair with Trump
great these are all payments and kind I
mean we don't know whether not just an
affair either that woman had an abortion
right right but there there's the
beginning of an appearance of all of
these pass pass throughs and that's the
importance of Michael Cohen right so if
you want to pay off prom you pay Michael
Cohen and who knows how much that goes
back to Trump or what's going back and
forth and we're going to start having a
fight next week about how much of that
literally is something a layer better
than how much of that a co-conspirator
does because you know Michael Cohen is
supposed to be Trump war was supposed to
do for you got raided by the FBI Michael
Cohen was supposed to be Donald Trump's
personal lawyer but there's something
called the crime fraud exception if
you're if you're
going to a lawyer their lawyer precisely
so you can break the law then you no
longer have attorney-client privilege
and there's something called a special
special master a woman who used to be a
prosecutor who will wade through all of
these files and decide what's actually
privileged and what is not entitled to
turn client privilege is that process
ongoing like where who has control of
those documents at this time and who has
seen them who has control of them and
what will be the flow of those documents
that is going on going they were
supposed to be meeting today that got
delayed until next week just to allow
the Special Master more time to look she
has a huge volume of what was seized and
she is working in an incredible case
like she's she's been doing some updates
to the judge and saying you know here's
where I'm going to be at bye-bye May
24th so that the first meeting on what
gets counted is privileged and what
doesn't will be next week
my understanding is those materials
either exist exclusively in her hands or
in both the prosecutors and in her hands
but they're not they're not in Michael
Collins I I guess Michael Cohen has
copies so he can decide whether it's
privileged or not but once the Special
Master makes decisions there may be
fights over them but anything there's
not a fight over then and for example I
suspect there won't be a fight over the
taxi medallion business so once once she
says you know this taxi medallion
business is just your business that goes
straight to the prosecutors then the
prosecutors are going to get it and and
who knows whether the wait to receive
everything or whether they'll start
moving against go in right away does the
White House if Michael Cohen has copies
of everything in those copies provided
by the Special Master essentially like
here we have a hundred boxes of
documents we're going to photocopy all
and we're gonna leave you a hundred
boxes does Michael Cohen then basically
send those to the White House and the
White House
that the White House lawyers can look at
it and say okay this is what they've got
this is how we prepare for what's coming
I think he gets to share anything that
is that is possibly attorney-client
privilege with Trump or also with it I
mean the Trump Organization too is
getting involved but they're they're
legally different entities Wow
okay so and is there is there anything
from this sort of like this is is your
house like just like look like like that
Carrie Mathison set from homeland like
do you have stuff like going like you
know threads going everywhere right now
Marci I just don't the the the the sheer
volume of this stuff just seems
unbelievable in the nakedness of of what
they were doing I mean did they just
think that they can't I mean what I mean
you know I'm asking for you to sort of
divine intention and and speculate on
what was going through their minds but I
mean this is just like a full-on
we're just gonna squeeze every dollar
out of this this you know thing that the
White House that weekend is that what
was going on here
well I mean remember they didn't think
they were gonna win so yeah first they
started by saying yeah we'll do anything
to win because they didn't think they
were gonna win they were just you know
making deals I you know I think part of
the problem is this is how Donald Trump
has lived his life right right
and I don't think that he or his spawn
or his son-in-law or his you know
nominal personal lawyer I don't think
they can distinguish where things should
change with the presidency and very
importantly I don't think they
distinguish where their personal deal
making ends and where the foreign policy
interests of the United States begins
and I think it's you know I've laid out
in the past the same kind of conspiracy
structure that Muller has used against
the Internet research agency and against
manna for he could you
I mean I'm not a lawyer I'm not I'm
certainly not his appellate lawyers but
he could use to say if you are claiming
to be doing the foreign policy business
of the United States and instead you're
taking bribe that's a conspiracy that's
a conspiracy against the United States
and we're going to go after you for it
so I think I you know given what he has
done I could see him doing the same for
all of this pay-to-play on foreign
policy stuff is there anybody who hasn't
been interviewed I mean do we know for
sure who has been interviewed by I mean
obviously I think we know probably in
terms of the House and Senate
intelligence committees but do we know
everybody that's been interviewed by
Muller and I'm sure we don't even know
everyone who's been introduced by the
Senate Intelligence Committee I'm sure
we don't know because I because for
example I know somebody who was
interviewed and no one else knows about
it so I'm sure we don't know and on
Muller I'm also sure we have even less
idea of everyone who's interviewed I
mean let me remind you the internet
research agency the the troll remember
there was a guy who got paid to make a
cage so there could be a fake Hillary in
a cage at a campaign event remember that
guy's okay yeah vaguely like an actual
cage yeah it was all it's done campaigns
done that's I was interviewed for six
hours right you don't know who that guy
is I don't know who that guy is but that
guy was interviewed for six hours so the
extent of these interviews I mean to
some degree the FBI was conducting a
massive investigation already but I
don't think we can conceptualize the
pure scope of what is being investigated
here yes we know the famous people close
to Donald Trump who have been an
interview to the extent remember molar
steam can't legally tell us to do their
interview mean they they could they
can't tell us anybody they've dragged
before the grand jury right and they're
not telling us the other people there
they're interviewing they've gone to
great lengths to hide that from the
crash so we should assume there are a
lot of people who've been interviewed
who just don't want to go tell the press
hey I've been interviewed
but I also think we just can't
conceptualize the real scope of this
investigation do you think like Jared
and Ivanka have been interviewed jared
has we know that and Jared has because
he was interviewed right before Mike
Flynn flips he was basically given an
opportunity to say yeah Mike Flynn was
doing what he was told to do and for
whatever reason Jared Jared Kushner his
answers were not enough to give Mike
Flynn comfort that he would be protected
and that's what that that is like the
precipitating event that led to Mike
Flynn slipping on Jared's father-in-law
and I suspect it's it's possible Jerrica
brought back in a second time but look I
think Jared is a target so you don't
want to bring him in too often right
that's what I guess I'm going to find
out like is there do we is there any way
to read any of these tea leaves like wow
it's weird that Ivanka hasn't been in or
they just sort of saving you know the
the ultimate targets for the end when
they have when they know everything
there is to know or they think they do
yeah and like Roger stone is a better
example because we know because he told
was at CNN this weekend that all of his
8 of his closest associates have been
interviewed and again I know I can think
of at least one non public source that I
know who has been interviewed about
stone in recent weeks so there's been a
ton of interviews about Roger stone and
he's never gonna be introduced by red
groups by Muller
because Muller hasn't targeted at least
that is what all of the tea leaves say
and so you know either Miller has had
enough to charge him or doesn't have
enough to charge him but if you have
enough to charge him he's not going to
give Roger stone I mean why would you
with register in any way it's a guy I
can't string three sentences together
but you know he's not going to give
Roger stone but an opportunity to claim
he was entrapped or anything like that
he's just going to move to charges and I
suspect that's what he that's what
Muller would like to do with Don jr. and
with Jay
to the extent you know he's interviewed
him one but and and then he'll throw in
Paul manna for he has an interview
Cohen's and gig I think that's where
this is going I can't promise you I
don't know what Robert Muller has in his
pocket but that's sort of where he seems
to be headed and it seems to me and and
I just want to get your take on this
that we're not going to see any
resolution of any of this in any sort of
significant way before the November
election right I mean this is not going
to be a James Comey letter part do you
know apart here the analogy in any case
name any of the people we just talked
about who are on the ballot in this all
right I mean I guess they're right okay
fair enough
right I mean the literally the only
person who I think might be in some kind
of legal jeopardy is it's on the ballot
McCall is Rhonda Sanchez he's one of the
members of Congress Congress who has
been running interference for Trump he's
also probably one of the Republicans who
most easily be shown to have benefited
from the hack and leak because of the
way the goo super figure leaked files to
Republicans in Florida and they they got
a bunch of Oppo research in Florida I
don't think he has legal liability but
nevertheless he's the only person I can
know I can think of on the ballot who's
that both like real involvement in the
scandal and also a significant role in
in November's election if she wins the
primary so you know so it is a false
notion to say that the entire Republican
Party can be can benefit from shutting
down the legal system just because the
leader of it is under active
investigation I also don't think it's
going to take that long for stuff to
start coming down I mean townspeople are
trying to stall right now with this
interview negotiation I think you know
Muller is probably happy to continue
that dance so long as you put in the you
know getting the Cohen stuff in order
and we'll see what we'll see whether
metaphor I mean man
Forte's case in DC's definitely going
forward wasn't that scheduled waiting
here originally to start now or is that
is it is already underway i I thought I
had it somewhere in my calendar like
early May yeah they tried it it's
October right now so again you know
right now the court system has said
there will be an active investigation of
Trump's campaign manager during the
campaign season but he's also scheduled
to go on trial in July in Virginia the
there's a bit of a delay there so
actually the case might get delayed
there but you know we'll see what the
judge in that case wants to do with with
manna forts latest challenges he's the
guy who famously beat up molars
prosecutors though I don't think that
that's I don't think that that's that
big of a deal in any case so in other
words you know we're going to see
whether mana for continues to fight and
fight and fight or whether mana for the
other person who flipped this week is
mana fort son-in-law in a case in Los
Angeles so even more evidence even more
weight against mana for and you know I
sort of feel like Muller is going to
crusher him and try and get him to flip
because it's a lot easier than going to
trial but the that I mean he understands
that the cases against mana for are what
are called paper cases it's just
accounting right all you got to do is
walk a jury through how money moves from
one place to another in a way that's
illegal and those as I understand it not
a lawyer tend to be a lot easier to
prosecute because you don't have to rely
on the credibility of any witnesses it's
all on paper and those charges if he's
found guilty will put him in prison for
the rest of his life so the question is
whether he really wants to go through
with that process or whether he wants to
flip and and provide Muller with
information about precisely how he and
and and understand even the leaked
questions that Jay Sekulow wrote down
about what Miller isn't is interested in
it
pretty clear that metaphor himself asked
the Russians for help so what what Trump
is interested in is talking to metaphor
and learning from him personally whether
his requests to the Russians for help on
behalf of the Trump campaign whether he
shared those with Trump or not and
that's sort of where he's going with
with metaphor
