coming back to the states in the way
that our government addressed it I mean
how would you characterize this and when
we look at the players Geithner and and
Paulson to a certain extent what where
on the spectrum are they even involved
like how much of those pre-existing
narratives are they deploying or is
their response less ideological and just
more completely transactional based upon
for lack of better word like who their
friends were this is it this is a great
person and who their friends were really
matters and the fact that they were or
at least colleagues if not friends
really makes the American situation
unique I think in the incredibly kind of
tight-knit community that was built from
the 90s onwards it really I think starts
under the Clinton administration that's
at least when it becomes by parties at
the network that connects Washington the
Treasury to the New York Fed and Wall
Street just becomes so close so then the
men assembled in that room Sheila Bair
is the only woman who is present on the
13th of October 2008 or you know even
though Hank Paulson is you can cross the
desk on the other side of the desk e to
the X colleague is forum CEO of Goldman
Sachs of the banker sitting on the other
side of the table and when Geithner is
appointed Treasury secretary you know it
has become such a standing assumption
that the Treasury secretary is an ex
goldman sachs man that everyone imagines
over the years even though in fact he's
a career public servant at that point so
those those social networks play play a
key role I think the other thing which
they mobilized at narratives of action
of executive power of emergency
management which in fact in the American
case are heavily indebted to the
America's military experience of recent
decades something that marks America is
quite different from Europe you don't
see a lot of German crisis fighters
talking about
you know the panel doctrine which is
derived from you know the Vietnam War
and it's asked them us not a lot of
clouds of idioms in the German Finance
Ministry let's put it that way in the
way that there are on the American side
but I do think ideology plays a role as
well I mean if you listen to people like
I know it's quite clear that options
like nationalizing a major American Bank
above and beyond what they did anyway
we're taking a government's take by way
of tarp in all of the banks the idea of
breaking up Citigroup for instance and
resolving it with perhaps temporary
government ownership what was called the
Swedish option in 2009 that was really a
long way from anything that he ever
wanted to take seriously and consider
and this was fully endorsed by Barack
Obama as well and in Barrack Obama's a
absolutely a centrist on these kind of
issues gives a very revealing interview
in 2009 where he says that's just not
something we're going to do we
understand that it worked well in Sweden
they had a banking crisis they
nationalized all their banks
restructured and then privatized them
again we're just not going to do that
here that's not the way that's not the
American Way so there is a I think there
are there are really deeply entrenched
ideological lines which would shape this
despite the pragmatism in the social
networks and so on that it also also
shaping the crisis response we spoke to
David day in writer who I think cited
you actually in his his writing about
Geithner over the past a week or so as
people revisit at that time and I can't
quite remember the quote but it had
something to do with Geithner basically
just swimming in certain waters it was
that it was almost you know it was
preordained and this had to do with
Geithner I guess refusing to even
provide for Obama the requested game
plan if they were to take that Swedish
option yes exactly I mean a guy knows
has contested this all of this goes back
to Sue's Kings book about the Obama
administration which was very hotly
contested by the Obama administration
itself it was damaging to them
politically when it came out and go
Obama
I went on the record to flatly deny that
he did slow walk the city grew proposal
so in fairness to him one should one
should put that on the record that he
that he refuses this this narrative but
it is it is a attested by several people
that in the crucial meeting in the
spring of 2009 the resolution of the
meeting was that a plan a gameplan for
the resolution of Citigroup was to be
prepared and this is what the president
ordered and it never happened
and what instead happened was the stress
testing system which Geithner preferred
as the model to do this there's no doubt
that you know the Citigroup Nexus that
was organized around Robert Rubin was
was key to the how in the entire Obama
economics team was recruited you know
it's it's it's a very dense network that
revolves around Rubin and you know the
the emails on which the short lists of
candidates from Obama of cabinet
positions were compiled came out of
Citigroup email servers so you know
there's a there's a there's an
undeniable sociology to this to this
network right and one has to say it's
highly functional I mean compared to
what we see in Europe the ability of the
American elite for better or worse the
coordinated action at this moment is
decisive in producing the coherent
comprehensive solution that emerges
obviously a considerable political cost
because not enough was done if unite to
offset the quite legitimate impression
that there was basically a kind of
oligarchic to bar running the show which
you know it's not of this is a first
approximation it's not a bad description
of what wasn't happening now I mean this
is what this is the sort of the
fascinating is sort of the the scary one
of the scary parts about this is that
from a technocratic perspective they
solved the crisis they they made
political choices as to who would pay
the cost of it in the long run and you
talk about a political cost but at the
end of the day
is a political cost in the same way
their relationship to this political
cost is almost identical to my
relationship to the New England Patriots
losing last weekend I'm super bummed
about it they're my team but at the end
of the day doesn't impact me at all
right like yeah right like all of these
people the political cost for them with
Donald Trump is their taxes got cut I
mean they're they're banking regulations
got relaxed
there has been no cost for their
decisions it is a perfect model it seems
to me of privatizing the profits and
socializing the cost and the political
cost it's unclear to me because none of
these people have paid really any price
the Democrats theoretically right maybe
Hillary Clinton maybe some of these
people would have had jobs but there
doesn't seem to be a cost that is borne
by anyone within that social world that
circle I mean III see I take your point
that it's kind of you know heads heads I
win tails you lose
from the point of views from the point
of view that narrow domain a banking
regulation and so on
but I'm talking about 90% of the people
in this country right I mean we're I
mean like the the decisions that they
could have made at any juncture where
we're going to bail out the homeowners
where we are going to break up the big
banks so that you know there's no future
systemic risk that all of these costs
were borne by the vast majority of
Americans I mean and I imagine also we
could see a similar story in Europe
although it's complicated by you know
sort of the the competence question and
and their ability to act you know
efficiently but it seems to me all the
cost has been borne by actually like
everyone else
like yeah I mean and I don't don't want
to be pushed into the position of like
defending the record of the Obama
administration but I mean the answer
that they would give the answer though
you know somebody like I know will give
is that the tack merican taxpayer makes
a profit on the bailout so the crisis
itself is a huge shock to the American
economy and that's where the cost is the
crisis itself is a disaster for millions
of people who lose their homes who
suffer unemployment that's where the
cost is the response of the government
in the end paper itself and in terms of
fixing structural problems in the u.s.
in u.s. society the Obama administration
took the considered decision that health
care was the priority this was the this
was the policy that would touch all
Americans especially lower-income
Americans and that was their political
priority and given the limited political
capital they had they were going to do
stimulus first and foremost which they
did right from you know from word go as
soon as Obama's elected they're working
on that and then their next priority is
health care and everything else is
secondary to that they do the political
arithmetic on the other options
including doing homeowner bailouts and
just decide that the arisen tea is not
good enough to make it worth making a
big push on this side so it's going to
be macroeconomic policy at bailout which
pays for itself and health care and
those going to be the three strands now
I mean I think like that I think the
best case you can make for the Obama
administration and that is the case that
they will try and make and obviously you
absolutely right that the the the the
the what costs remain are in the
burdened on the you know the hugely
disadvantaged minority they hit by the
media force of the shock and above all
it's the minority communities of the
United States raber's sufferer at the
hip because it's their wealth such as it
is that's invested above all in real
estate and the Latino and
african-american communities of the
United States suffer losses to their
median household wealth that they will
probably you know will never recover
from in in any real meaningful sense
right that money is never coming back
and over generations we will talk about
entire communities which much poorer
than they were in 2007 so know those
shocks those that
damage is real and of course we have all
the ongoing effects of global change in
this economic structure which impact
blue-collar relatively less educated
Americans severely and continue to
impair them severely and whilst
government is doing this crisis fighting
it can't be minding the school on other
issues and so you have terrible cuts to
education which is presumably the
bedrock of any public response and
across many of the states of the United
States because as much fiscal good as
the federal government is doing it's
being taken away at the state level in
many many cases so I agree with you but
the the defense the Obama administration
would make is is you know they in those
terms okay it fair enough and and I I
appreciate your you know your your
holding their brief to a certain extent
let me just ask one more question about
that and then I just want to I just want
to just sort of go up to where we are in
present day the the reported story that
Barney Frank tells about Paulson saying
all we need this is when he was
president-elect all we need is President
Obama president-elect Obama to sign off
on bailing out the homeowners as a the
path in which to inject these funds as
opposed to going to the banks and hoping
the banks then do principal reductions
reportedly barney frank says that he
went to obama and wanted obama sign off
and obama's responses we only have one
president at a time type of thing what
how does that fit into that to that
narrative well i think all around top
there are a whole series of negotiations
going on I mean tarp itself which
ultimately was used to recapitalize the
banks was sold the second time around to
Congress as a measure that would provide
substantial relief to homeowners and
then of course we actually known as tarp
funds were used for relief for
homeowners so there is an incredible
amount of political jostling going on in
those panic-stricken months in 2008 with
different parties
quite clearly I think aware of the the
political the political posts of
different options
no one overly anxious to carry a can of
responsibility until they absolutely
have to and and so that kind of that
kind of political game seems to me to
ring true as a description of what's
going on and that in that fall in in
those four months okay and so all right
so let's jump forward ten years later
what what's the outlook I mean cuz that
that's the part that that sort of scares
me is that I think all those people
involved in that crisis are convinced
that what they did was not only
successful in salvaging the economy but
the only choice that they could have
made as opposed to a menu of other
choices that could have been effective
but would have helped a different would
have would have you know help the horse
instead of the cart as it were or
however you want to sort of envision
that they helped the broad mass of
people and allow their success to buoy
the banks versus you know the the the
the success of the banks to sort of
somehow catch up ultimately with the
rest of the people well I'm I think that
that with regard to the diagnosis of the
crisis itself and Ben Bernanke Paulson
and Geithner have all been very much on
the record in the last couple of weeks
restating their side of the story and
it's difficult I think to argue with Ben
Bernanke's latest report he did for
Brookings you know use a medical analogy
here it is though a very very bad case
of the flu was overlaid by a heart
attack and what happened in 2007 was
that an extremely bad case of the flu
obviously this doesn't make any sense in
medical terms but was then then
triggered a heart attack and once the
heart attack hits once your
cardiovascular system starts shutting
down there really isn't any alternative
to the kind of measures that were taking
in LA you have to recapitalize you have
to do
provision on a huge scale you probably
have to do asset purchases there isn't
you know one could argue around the
edges about maybe using some more
comprehensive bankruptcy provision over
the summer of 2008 to just catch a lot
of the pieces as they were falling and
allow more than default that's even so
as to impose some of the losses where
they really belong on the banks and
their shareholders but nevertheless once
their heart attack phase end starts up
you know you really have to do those
things because otherwise this shows just
going to stop so the the argument then
is really how does the element of the
flu how does the element of the business
cycle that is to do with the real estate
boom and the real estate bust how do we
address those problems as well that pain
about that those losses and up to my
mind with the simple thing the single
most important the most equitable
response is massive fiscal policy no
homeowner relief is problematic because
basically what you're doing is bailing
out all sorts of people who taken on
loans which they probably shouldn't have
taken on and as we know in the really
hot parts of the United States a lot of
this was actually speculative and this
isn't their hard luck stories this is
the stories of middle-class Americans
deciding they want to go into a little
bit of real estate speculation and that
happened on a very large scale in the
hot spots of the US that isn't
necessarily where you want to target
relief the fiscal policy of an adequate
scale a two trillion dollar stimulus
rather than a 750 billion dollar
stimulus seems to me to be the way in
which one to think about addressing
these problems across the board and
that's simply a matter of politics can
you get a two trillion dollar stimulus
through Congress and the chances of
doing that now a much slimmer than they
were of course in 2008 I just I just
have to push back and just on that one
premise that it was that the the bulk of
this was it in inserting in hot spots in
Florida in a hole it really is in places
like Arizona the the the percentage
second and third mortgage it is enormous
and I agreed but when we're talking
about you know 1.5 million foreclosures
or
point two oh yeah yeah I mean certainly
giving relief to those people we're just
stopping widespread suffering right I
mean exactly and and and and there's
various ways of doing this short of
giving relief you can stay that you can
stay to foreclosure procedures there's
there's of course a wide variety of
techniques that can be used to stabilize
this but in more positive in a more
positive zone all of those are difficult
to argue they're extremely technical
they're complex and they are in a sense
you know fighting the symptoms you're
fighting the distress whereas if the
main problem is that the national
economy is entering a recession right
here in a dress house crisis for years
on end then a big classic stimulus
measure seems to me to be much more
promising right and it's not an
either-or situation we should say note
that but ideally you'd want to do both
absolutely I did want to do that okay so
lastly how precarious is our situation
now I mean we have seen sort of like the
slow degradation of dodd-frank almost
analogous to what we're seeing with the
Affordable Care Act which my estimation
makes a pretty good argument for taking
a meat cleaver to these things rather
than trying to perform surgery where you
you simply restructure the way that
these things are regulated or designed
so that you can't unwind it as easily as
it's been unwound by two years of of
Trump and a in a Republican Congress but
what where are we in terms of the next
crisis well we're clearly heading in the
wrong direction but I think it's
important to distinguish you know crises
in crisis 2008 was a uniquely severe
shock we've not seen anything like that
before in history . and so you know i'm
not expecting a repetition of something
like that certainly not with the same
structure which really was fundamentally
transatlantic European and American at
the same time we're not we're not I
don't think at risk of anything like
that part for anything else because the
European economy is so lame where we
could see some risks an analogous tie it
would be a man
because relationship with the emerging
markets but at a very complex of the
futuristic scenario that's only really
beginning to unfold but in the meantime
you know one can't disagree I mean the
the the evisceration of dodd-frank is
terrible for those ability and of the
American financial system in the long
run because troublesome as that system
was and perhaps overly bureaucratic for
the smaller banks it nevertheless
provided you know really the the only
major and significant changes that came
out of the crisis were driven by
dodd-frank and in combination with Basel
3 Basel 4 for the big banks what matters
of course is the combination of both in
national regulations and the global
regulations but in it was in place after
the crisis and those were designed from
the start above all by Geithner to allow
