[Music]
let's ask let me ask you about that
since you have insight into it because
what we're talking about is really on
one level first-order problem is
distinct from politics in ideology it is
really just a systemic it's just that
you have an institution that has become
sclerotic and corrupted in many respects
and because no one's really been paying
attention to it in some way like people
are making money no one's gonna lift up
the lid and look in there and see what's
going on and that is completely distinct
from an ideological I mean there may be
some some things may track it like you
know if you have people who really think
that money is the ascendant value and I
get into a system that's what I'm gonna
pull out of it but but but in terms of
the way that I think most people
understand politics as you know a
function of you know issue sets and this
and that that's not what they're there
for they're there because they're
enriching themselves it's a lot like
almost like in some ways local politics
how wide is the understanding of that
what is going to deal with it because
you know there's there's multiple forces
where you have like the Obama people
really wanted to maintain control it
seems to me of not so much the Machine
like I didn't get the sense that the
Obama people wanted because they were
making the money from it as much as like
we don't want the party to move in a
direction that we sort of think is
politically wrong but they're willing to
maintain an apparatus that is inherently
dysfunctional I mean it seems like you
know I mean it's just by definition of
it's losing races across the country in
in in in races that in an environment
where it shouldn't have I mean 2008 we
should have been able to get rid of like
there shouldn't have people would have
to look in the history books to see what
a Republican Party is I mean
theoretically if if if we even if the
party apparatus had been functioning the
way it should have been so how do you
dislodge
because it's really basically what
you're trying to do is keep people from
making money the only way they know how
and people tend to like and my
experience hold on to that very tightly
yeah especially if their identities are
attached to it and of course no one's
ever looked into I mean this is a
problem that people have like in
business yeah like how do we get rid of
this culture in this business yeah so
this was this was my pet pet issue I'm
but maybe some of your listeners and
viewers saw the video that went viral
the last Commission where I basically
had a meltdown and I dropped an f-bomb
on the floor well the back story on that
was first thing it was for eight months
of debating this we just come out of a
room where we had an agreement on one of
my one of my resolutions then we went on
to the floor and every but all the other
side they started questioning it and so
right before me
Gus Newport one of our appointees he
said something very powerful and he said
it was ridiculous and then I in was my
resolution so I just you know flipped
the heck out but I think you have you
have a couple issues here at play human
nature people want to keep their money
and this is what they have attached
themselves to and there's a lot of
people who failed up literally failed up
in democratic politics in fact I'd say
the majority of consultants out there
are just failing up and giving really
bad advice so if you plan on running for
office you know half most of them are
full of and let me just say this
I'm just so that people understand sort
of what intersects with this with this
with this conversation
I interviewed Ryan Grimm about his piece
and the intercept which talked about DNC
and d-triple-c representatives coming
into campaigns often choosing the wrong
people and sort of bigfooting the local
people in many respects there was
another report by a feta scotch ball and
lena putnam that showed the same dynamic
not with the ideological differences I
mean you're talking about people who
might be you know sort of
you know just sort of mainstream
Democrats but also feeling the same way
of like hey wait a second you know the
the people are coming in and they're
they're bigfooting us and they're not
listening to people on the ground who
have a sense of what's going on in the
district and so it's there you have
these stories of a dysfunctional system
within the party that I think is less
ideological and more sort of like
systematized or there's some there's got
to be some business management term for
what the problem is so I think it's
intentional I'm just I'm at this point
in the game and and I think if I'd said
this two months ago I've been called a
conspiracy theorist I think at this
point in the game it's so clear that
this model doesn't the model doesn't
work but then it's so clear that some of
these people and these ideas after being
called out so openly they're being
exposed and they're still doing it
there's some other thing happening I'm
gonna rewind a little bit in the late
70s I the Democratic Party purged Union
they literally made a decision with the
dlc dlc i I'm not I'm not around
you when I say this I can say felt great
yeah but not the DLC not the Democratic
Leadership Council its DLC this is
important the DLC one of the earliest
investors is in the 80s though was the
Koch brothers but it was all around that
time this is 1988 1980 right now the
early seventies in the early 70s unions
were pushed to the sidelines vitam a
government Commission in fact that's
where the whole super-delegates reform
came from because he didn't want at the
backroom and they didn't want this the
Union heads to be and there was an
attempt to move towards the suburbs and
and we've done a couple of interviews on
that over the past couple of years but
but but yes but is a movement right
there was an idea of like we need more
corporate money exactly so you had the
purging the actual DNC members being
purged the Union members being purged
and replaced with corporate members but
I think was I don't think they legalize
lobbyists that I think I was later but
Tony call Co hello yeah yeah yeah right
okay so good but I love that so this was
all happening and at the same time the
centralization of the DNC happened so
what does that mean
that the DNC's no longer putting all of
its money into state parties and you
know the it was the death of of the the
clubs I mean there were clubs everywhere
precinct captains all it was an
investment in in in neighborhood
democratic politics which really was
hand in hand with unions if you think
about you need I had a friend of mine
say this the other day he's a consultant
and he was trying to find somebody for
somebody's campaign I'm not gonna say
who and he is a very good consultant
like there's not many but he was he's
kind of like the guy that you call for
for help in the end and he said we just
have there's just no infrastructure
there's no infrastructure goes there's
no talent there's no talent being
groomed and he said he used to be that
the unions worked with the Democrats on
this and when you kill unions when you
kick them out of your party when the
Koch brothers are going after them
state-by-state now I mean the Janus
ruling right whatever's left to them you
know these were the organizers right
these were the precinct captains and at
the same time the Democratic Party
decides are only gonna focus on
presidential politics which is a
multi-billion dollar industry
the only time we kind of went back was
in 2006 only one house and we should say
the these decisions were made at a time
where the Democratic Party had
controlled the house the house for 40
years yes there was never a time you
know and these guys I don't know if you
you appreciate this there was never a
time where the Democrats did not control
Congress for in the entire post-war
period and so they felt like we don't
need to do anything about it we don't
need this infrastructure we got to play
this game of like 30,000 feet will deal
only with the president because we'll
never have to worry about Congress and
of course in the mid nineties then that
falls apart is insane so unions are
being attacked in retrospect I don't
know I you know I I don't know at that
time if some type of redeploying of your
you know I can understand why someone
might get cocky over 40 years like yeah
we got this and I mean listen what
Governor Cuomo is accepted more money
from the Koch brothers than Scott Walker
did right
some point we just have to sit there and
say to ourselves is is the tail wagging
the dog or that I mean like this is this
is it's not that the Koch brother is
invested in state parties because the
Democrats were no longer investing which
is the message I kept hearing I'm
hearing why do the health of the
Democrats stop investing in their state
parties and weaken the party it's it's
basically disaster capitalism for the
Democratic Party and then as a result
they have these all these private
entities where they bring the
billionaires and the democracy lions and
and and there's no oversight and
suddenly the billionaires know better
about electoral politics and you know
the new the new Eric Holder Obama group
to protect Giusti to protect legislators
where the hell were you over the last
eight years you essentially didn't pay
attention to the DNC and the DLC see
whose job that is right let me let me
tease out what you mean by the
capitalism no I mean I think this is a
really interesting point the idea being
that once you deplete the infrastructure
the sort of the the disaggregated
infrastructure that is I don't want to
get overly dramatic but more democratic
and dispersed and and it's hierarchical
because it's a system but it is staffed
it comes from communities up and it
populates it up that way as a and once
that's gone then you come in and say
like oh well we need an infrastructure
only way to get that is to buy it and
we're gonna buy it with a huge amount of
money we're gonna you know come from
outside of town and we're gonna build it
from like that which is exactly you know
the model of disaster capitalism and all
of a sudden now the authority shifts
from the local people and the
infrastructure to the big money people
who've just parachuted in and they're
also not only is it bad in terms of who
has control but it also is repeatedly
less effective yeah and we've seen that
and we've seen that dramatically and
simultaneously on the right we've seen
the growth in particular of and I think
this is why it's you know of
megachurches and
of religious institutions that have
filled this void and then a huge amount
of money that comes in from the Koch
brothers and the way they spent money is
pretty adept like they spread it around
like you know we're gonna flower is
gonna bloom and their strategic they're
very strategic about where they're
investing who they're investing in who
they're I mean listen Scott Walker they
they groomed him from like when he was
like County I don't know dog catchers
exactly yeah it's it's and then they
wage wars in areas that they know they
can they can win we don't do that as
Democrats I will say there was this
brief period obviously it was over a
decade ago but in 2006 when we won back
the house there's no coincidence that
granted there was an anti-war movement
and a lot of stuff was happening and
corruption was the big eruption was a
big thing but we also invested in every
state under Howard Dean yes and there's
there's this book um gosh what is it
called with Lindsey marks who's the
former finance structure of the DNC
during that time and he talks about the
inner fundraising like the rise of
fundraising the Democratic party and
it's fascinating because at the end of
the book there's this moment where he's
discussing Senator Schumer rahm emanuel
and howard dean sitting in the room
talking about this program to invest in
states and rahm emanuel at that time who
was a congressman at the time was also
the head of the d-triple-c and he was
fighting with Dean about 50-state
strategy because he was wide why why
invest in states when we're not not
competitive states why should we invest
there and to me that that's the essence
of this of their argument is like why
should we spend our money everywhere
when we could just spend it in a couple
of places but that's based on assumption
of the d-triple-c understanding what
that district is going through and what
we're seeing is is places john Asaf
right how many million forty million
dollars what was that
right forty million dollars on that race
for somebody who like basically didn't
grow wasn't even from there had no you
know was a staffer nothing wrong with
being a staffer but like milquetoast
boring
well right I mean it John offs off' wins
it's not really going to change the tide
of anything it's not like we're gonna
install it like it's it's Tip O'Neill
and he's just been out of office for two
years we got to get it back in it's not
like even winning doesn't seem like the
return on investment even if he wins
doesn't seem that high yes
yeah it's a real it's it's a it's a real
problem and I and I wonder I mean I
think I mean give me your sense of I
mean I guess it is to break that logjam
I mean is there another way to to go
around it is is is is you know something
like the DSA on some level seems to be I
mean it doesn't have the nearly the
resources you know to compete but it has
a I should we say that in places where
it's strong it clearly has resources
that aren't necessarily dollar based
right the service is in-kind could you
say to people but that's not an answer
for 2018 2020 I mean it's what what is
the answer is there an answer and well
we do have to reform the DNC and while
the DNC is not the D Triple C or the
DSCC it it it helps that if we actually
flip the model the way that we've been
pushing and I do think that there's an
appetite for that in the DNC membership
and I want to make a lot of people say
four hundred and seventy members of the
DNC is that what it is five let's just
call it 450 for the sake of argument how
like a where are these people where most
of the people I meet who are members of
the DNC
are not like they're not you know Darth
vader-like i anything there may be a
couple of Darth Vader's in Washington
there are there are definitely some
Darth Vader's in the DNC but there are
also a lot of good people good people
who understands their districts they ran
for DNC they are involved they're not as
many union people anymore but I would
say this this is the way I break it down
when I when I try to explain to people
where the DNC stands
it's not like this entity that this
megalith like they all think the same
way it's not that's not how it functions
it's a diverse group from all 50 states
and the territories and abroad Democrats
abroad and they I would say there's 35
percent of the DNC I have conflicts of
interests their lobbyists they literally
make money off the DNC they've worked at
the DNC they're in and out that to me
it's like that like the typical like I
live in a small town I'm gonna join the
United Way and the United net weights to
print some flyers I happen to own a
printing company I mean it's basically
that type of dynamic right except except
the guy who's printing the fliers
wouldn't be on the board of the United
Way or it's pretty sad when Goldman
Sachs has more board oversight than the
Democratic Party does over its Executive
Committee right and and and what's the
way to reform that is it simply to reach
those 450 people and say you got to vote
for somebody different I know I
well yes but also the recommendations
that we have actually dressed a lot of
these reforms so this is dr. Jim Shaw he
and I were on the reform the party
Reform Committee and we pushed for
transparency budget transparency and
what I mean by the transparency I don't
mean up high chart that they that's what
they usually use a pie chart they're
like a lot of a budgets transparent we
spent all this money here they don't say
how much money's come in where they're
spending it who are the consultants how
are their big contracts no proper
oversight no oversight Joe and if the
450 members of the DNC had the proper
oversight that then they would they
would they would be fixing this and they
want it I think that the majority of
them wanna what we saw with the DNC
chairs race it was very close don't
forget that first ballot right Tom Perez
won it by a half or up I'm sorry
one and a half cuz I'm across abroad as
a half one and a half vote and then it
moved to the second ballot and you know
some shenanigans happen behind the
scenes beyond the president calling
people on the floor there was some other
stuff that happened but that was when I
mean that the party was split then I
think that we probably have more people
on our side especially after a win like
Alexandre Ocasio card
Tezz I think a lot of people are trying
to see that the current model is not
working but these are like the insiders
they're still insiders so there's still
even though they might be moved by the
people and have personal opinions about
things some of these folks are worried
about making the chair upset the there's
still that institutional establishment
mindset and that's what we have to
overcome
