[Music]
[Music]
so ribbons dancing in the rain flowers
from the skyline how comes rounds going
around the towers coming
[Music]
[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well suck on
this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport far more
credible to me than PBS and frontline
the majority report with sam cedar
[Music]
it is Tuesday October 17th 2017 my name
is Michael Brooks on a Michael and Sam
Tuesday and this is the five-time
award-winning majority report were
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on today's program Sam's
basically brand-new conversation with
Corey Robin about the Republican grift
Republican scam artistry and where we
are today more Republican judges
confirms the Trump nomination process
moving forward fast more judges almost I
think twice the amount of judges for
circuit courts confirmed at this point
and his term as compared to President
Obama
Puerto Rico facing ongoing devastation
even as the Jones Act is no longer
waived the Iraqi national government
moving against the Kurds retaking Kirkuk
does this mean that the northern Iraqi
Kurds and the Syrian and Turkish Kurds
are going to set aside their policy
differences and reignite with their
shared Kurdish nationalism even as the
world expresses its ongoing support for
the Iran deal McCrone flying to Iran as
Hayley stumbles on TV
Popovich calls out Trump and Trump wants
everybody to know that unlike Obama he
does actually acknowledge the deaths of
soldiers Trump having to withdraw his
nomination for head of the DEA why
well his previous background his head of
the Zetas caused some controversy no I'm
just kidding but his previous background
is one of the main bagman for the pharma
industry in Congress
who was pretty active in at least
sending him some of the policy to allow
for the opioid crisis and his
relationship was one of his aides he's a
top lobbyist for that industry in
exactly help all that plus Syrian
militias taking back Rucka from ISIL all
that and much much more on today's
majority report how's everybody doing
I'm well Matt as well Jamie how are you
I'm well as well it's good to see
everybody Patrick off mic Brendan he got
a thumbs up that doesn't even go geo
what's your middle name
which is he's not giving out his middle
name okay got it says mother's maiden
name so I'll just make one up in the
phone half let's get to this sound
apparently recently and I and I have a
couple of US Special Forces were killed
and Chad the chatty and government has
actually recently announced that they're
no longer going to be coordinating in
the fight against Boko Haram because of
their implication of president Trump's
immigration and visitation policies with
regards to Chad
so they've reacted to it I think if you
asked Trump if King Joffe Joe Ferg was
the president of Chad he might not know
what you were talking about but that's
just cuz he hasn't seen coming to
America not because he knows chad is
actually a country and apparently
President Trump was late in sending or
according to publicly acknowledging the
loss of these soldiers lives and he
responded to a question about this
during a press conference with Mitch
McConnell in a manner that you would
probably expect at this point for him to
take
I've written them personal letters
they've been sent or they're going out
tonight but they were during the weekend
I will at some point during the the
period of time call the parents and the
families because I have done that
traditionally I felt very very badly
about that I always feel that it's it's
the toughest the toughest calls I have
to make are the calls where this happens
soldiers are killed it's a very
difficult thing now gets to a point
where you know you make four or five of
them and one day is a very very tough
day for me that's by far the toughest
cell time the traditional way if you
look at President Obama and other
presidents most of them didn't make
calls a lot of them didn't make calls I
like to call when it's appropriate when
I think I'm able to do it they have made
the ultimate sacrifice so generally I
would say that I like to call I'm going
to be calling them I what a little time
to pass I'm going to be calling them I
have as you know since I've been
president I have but in addition I
actually wrote letters individually to
the soldiers were talking about and
they're going to be going out either
today or tomorrow
I made total sense um first I would just
a brief correction the soldiers were for
special offices Special Services
officers were killed in each year
President Obama of course did call the
families of fallen soldiers and but it
did get us thinking I guess to be fair
to trump that those calls might have
been hard for President Obama because he
had to pretend that he was upset about
the deaths of yaqoob' and white devils
in the course of imperialist fighting
hello mrs. Smith sorry kid dad look I
got a Kendrick Lamar meeting at 2:00 so
I'm gonna need to wrap this up Allah
Akbar Trump somebody tweeted this the
other night that Trump really is client
like I think that the frame for
Republicans general
that everything is just about tearing
down Obama's legacy is not the right way
to read it because there's a broader
policy set and play that transcends
Obama but I think would Trump
specifically I mean he's basically a
stalker I mean that's like the only way
to describe his relationship with
President Obama you guys spend a third
of your life in your sheets are they
taking care of you
the way they should be introducing
Brooke linen calm high quality sheets
and bedding in a price that won't keep
you up at night founded in April 2014
Brooklyn and offers simple beautiful
home essentials without the luxury price
it's the frit Wow Jamie's super excited
she's rushing to get on the site right
now it's the fastest-growing bedding
brand in the world because people love
these products their sheets have over
12,000 five-star reviews that is a lot
plus they have versatile colors and
patterns that compliment any decor this
is luxury bedding under priced you have
to try these sheets today Sam is
constantly raving about his Brooklyn in
sheets I know as soon as I switch my she
came up which I'm actually gonna have to
do soon I will be definitely on the
Brooklyn and bandwagon it's not just Sam
I've actually asked some other people
about them and this is something like
I'm embarrassed I'm late too I'm like
the opposite of Matt and his early
adoption of things like this
try these sheets and you know I know
that you will love them as well Brooklyn
and has an exclusive offer for my
listeners get 20% off get $20 off rather
and free shipping when you use promo
code majority at Brooklyn and calm in
fact Brooklyn is so confident that
you'll love your new sheets that they
offer a risk-free 60 night satisfaction
guarantee and a lifetime warranty on all
their sheets and comforters there's
there's no reason not to give these
sheets a try the only way to get $20 off
and free shipping is to use promo code
majority at Brooklyn and dot-com that's
B R oo k li and en dot-com promo code
majority Brooklyn and these are the best
sheets ever
did you guys get a chance I think we had
the naturebox snacks before the new
members of our militia came on board um
Matt do you remember the naturebox
snacks
yeah I had my I can't remember what I
had those banana flavored and really
good I had some of the banana flavor one
and there was like an Asian one like a
kind of like some type of like I forget
the name anyways we had naturebox in
here for probably about an hour and then
we just mashed all of them primarily Sam
Sam's like a vulture fueled his energy
to read a Social Security actuarial
table but they were delicious when it
comes to snack sometimes it feels like
the only options are delicious and a
billion calories or boring and tasteless
but it doesn't have to be that way up
your snack game with nature box nature
box has over 100 snacks that taste good
and are all made from high-quality
simple ingredients that means no
artificial colors flavors or sweeteners
mat so that you can feel good about what
you're eating all right there was my yes
there was the honey dijon pretzels those
were the ones that I really liked and
there's a vanilla bean wafers I am the
honey dijon pretzels were perfect for me
that's like exactly and what I liked
about the vanilla bean wafers was that
they weren't too sweet I'm like not a
huge sweets guy so I was surprised I
like them they satisfy they did in fact
it's true they satisfy my sweet tooth
without making me feel guilty
plus they add new snacks inspired by a
real customer feedback the latest food
trends and professional chefs every
month it's so simple just go to
naturebox calm
and naturebox will deliver them right to
your door there's no risk if you ever if
you ever try a snack you don't like
naturebox will replace it for free a
nature bucks neck not just like any
snack yeah you can't just send them some
nonsense
Snickers barred
yeah unsatisfying yeah got some nature
buff and of course it will be because
it's not nature box all gonna be
unsatisfying they only mean nature box
snacks exactly very lawyerly if you man
I appreciate that so you're sure to find
your new snack obsession right now
you'll save more nature boxes offering
our listeners 50% off of our your first
order
when you go to naturebox.com/tyler
jority it's naturebox.com/tyler jority
for 50% off of your first order that's
insane naturebox.com/tyler Brooks show
we're live we're talking about Catalonia
the EU and socialism Mike Hanna from
al-jazeera the UN correspondent is gonna
break down the Iran fall out what's
happening in Kurdistan right-wing
Mandela is hanging out with Gorka we
have some newfound audio I'm talking
about the bigger strategic push behind
Medicare and what for all and why we
need it why it isn't just a moral issue
it's a strategic one and some new found
actually some more follow up on those
Barack Obama calls to fallen soldiers
are actually really disturbing and I
don't know if revealing them to the
public is a good idea but I think we
have the journalistic obligation to do
so all that 7:00 p.m. live tonight check
it out thanks everybody for great
feedback on that show we'll be right
back with Sam's interview with Corey
Robin and then we'll all see you in the
fun half
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome to the program Corey Robin he's
a professor of politics at Brooklyn
College and author of the reactionary
mind conservatism from Edmund Burke to
Donald Trump and this is the second
edition I think we had you on for the
first edition and you have updated it
with with an assessment of our of our
most recent president as he is is
addressing the question of his
conservative bona fides yes that's right
I wouldn't say most recent president
he's the current president unfortunately
I yes it's true he's both the most
recent and the current I guess I'm
already I'm already imagining a
different day but all right well let's
let's go into this because this is I
mean the and you're approaching this
from a from I guess a a philosophical
and ideological perspective because I
mean what's interesting and and I guess
maybe we'll circle back around to this
is to the the relationship between
Donald Trump and Republicans but let's
get there after we talk about his
relationship to conservatism you start
off at least in the in in the piece that
I've read of yours talking about the
question of Donald Trump's ability as
you read the art of the deal his ability
to jump to contradict himself within
almost a span of just a few sentences
yeah so it was a really weird experience
earlier this year I think was around
January February I started reading the
art of the deal I felt like it was time
to kind of figure out who this guy was
and what he was about and and and that
let me preface this by saying there was
a big article in The New Yorker
I think the jane mayer row where she
interviewed Tony Schwartz who was the
ghostwriter of the art of the deal
Donald Trump didn't write it a
ghostwriter did
and the ghost writer Tony Schwartz said
he felt really bad about the book
because he felt like it had really given
this image of Trump that was really
positive that it had burnished his
reputation and so I was expecting to
read you know this kind of triumphalist
statement but if you actually read it I
wouldn't even think pretty carefully if
you just read it he it reveals just what
a what a horror show this guy is in all
sorts of ways so so to get back to your
question and so that's why I take the
book seriously and I think it's actually
a good statement of trump and trumpism
so all throughout the book he makes
claims and as you said literally like on
the next page sometimes even the next
paragraph he contradicts himself and so
and incentives it's comical so he makes
a big deal in his opening chapter about
he just doesn't do lunch you know lunch
is for wimps kind of a thing and then I
counted the number of times but and I
stopped but but I think by page 100 he's
already gone out to lunch three times
and it just it struck me as very funny
just the kind of the bravado and by
which he says things and then you know
and then and then the casualness with
which he then admits that the opposite
is the truth and this isn't just a kind
of a personal thing or a horrible of
Trump I think it's important because to
step back now and because people will
point to these contradictions and they
always have and they say aha you know
he's inconsistent he lies he says X then
does why and all that but what people
don't realize is this is actually a very
old trope on the right going way back to
the reaction against the French
Revolution and and the reason why it is
such an old trope is is that the French
Revolution that one of the promises of
the French Revolution was that it was
going to reorganize Society in a
rational reasonable just way you know
the metric system all these kinds of
things that they introduced into society
to make it more orderly you know they
reorganized the regions and new
departments they declare the year one
they did all these things
a new kind of a calendar that was
supposed to be more rational and
conservatives reacted and horror against
this because they felt like the essence
of life and the essence of society is
not rationality but irrationality that
contradiction and inconsistency and
paradox are what it means to be human
and it's what also it particularly in a
society that's unequal that's
hierarchical like a monarchy right where
there's domination and subjection
you couldn't have reason and consistency
be the rule because the whole point is
that people are different and society is
organized hierarchically so you have to
have different rules for different
people
so inconsistency and contradiction and
paradox have really been very important
to the conservative tradition from the
very beginning that's good continue I
mean in the so it's it the the utility
was this is the way we this way we don't
have to justify why we might have access
to more resources or control of people
because that's life I mean that's
utility there right and and and and so
you know I don't want to make you know
the Trump is not a reader of
conservative philosophy he's not steeped
in Edmund Burke or anything like that so
I'm not making that claim but the the
way in which he kind of you know says
one thing and then you know with a nudge
and a wink says another is is something
that you see in the conservative
tradition you know throughout you know
George W Bush people forget this even
though he wasn't so long ago the thing
that conservatives loved about george w
bush was as fred barnes put it in his
book that he was the rebel and chief he
was like a james dean sort of character
they thought i'm not saying he was right
who could summon knows at all those
fancy Ivy League professors with all
their rules and their political
correctness and all their strictures
about how everything should be done in a
certain kind of a way
and george w bush didn't give a crap
that's what made him authentic that's
what made him a real you know populist
if you read Peggy Noonan on Ronald
Reagan it was the same kind of a thing
that and and so what I said you know in
this in the book is that you know Trump
has the confidence of his contradictions
and that you know because it shows that
he's just not a stuffed shirt it shows
that he's not a suit you know and and
that's important to his appeal alright
so and because and we should make that
clear right I mean like you say he's not
he's not adopting the he's not reading a
deep into conservative thought and
adopting anything it's just a question
of like why he pops with with this
ideology and you know in a and I believe
that like there's also and where does
this fit into it that there was I I seem
to recall a quote from Gertrude
Himmelfarb that saying something to the
effect about like the attacks on science
we're also of a I guess the similar
utility where there can be no objective
reality because you don't want anybody
to be making those type of arguments
where you need to have you know the
ability to say like well that's your set
of facts and this is ours and and this
is why the way why things are mmm I mean
I don't know the specific grocery symbol
for quote that you're referring to but
you know again conservatives you know
going way back have always been very
leery of science and it's not because
they're anti intellectual I mean what's
what's fascinating is the strongest
attacks on science on the right or on
Sciences are kind of organizing
principle the reality principle you
might say the strongest attacks on that
have always come from intellectuals from
very serious thinkers and and there have
been a multiple set of reasons but I
think for our purposes maybe the most
important one more most recently was the
famous Karl Rove quote
that he said to to the guidewire right
yeah to Susskind to Susskind uh where he
said you know you people are in the
