there is a debate out there maybe it's
here a little bit too but but not so
much here but there's a bait out there
about what people are calling a guy
named like Jonathan Chait over at The
New Yorker is calling the democracy
movement in New York Magazine the
democracy movement some people refer to
it as the resistance although the
resistance is a pretty blanket term and
there is some soul-searching now from
the center to the left as to why is it
the left and that being sort of the and
I don't know where to define this but
the sort of more Bernie sympathetic I
don't want to do it in these terms
because it's just that that litigates
something I don't want to litigate but
those people in the left of the
Democratic Party through you know DSA
those types are cynical about the
resistance and in chase reading of it it
is because they hate them democracy
usual subtlety almost like it's just you
know what the problem with Jonathan
Chait is is it the same reason among
many but this he's actually especially
for such a centrist he's pretty good at
writing about the right but he applies
his same like the same blunt instrument
that you need to understand the right he
applies to the left which is an
inaccurate way of reading the left right
not to mention some research just came
out that the people who actually hate
democracy the most are the center and
the far right his his yes I mean despite
the fact that hit there's and there's a
bit of a straw man here his piece is why
Trump's assault on democracy doesn't
bother the radical left
and he says the rise of Donald Trump is
galvanized what could be called the
democracy movement in the United States
liberals can and he said now this is on
the ground there's not a big difference
but in the intellectual level things
looked a very different liberals
composed the right flank and leftist or
socialists the of the more progressive
wing in short period of time Marxist and
other radical ideas have gained a great
deal of currency among the progressive
intelligentsia and their critique of the
democracy movement shows how the very
meaning of democracy is bitterly
contested within the left
well first off what I love is this
notion of dubbing at the democracy
movement I hadn't heard that right I
mean that's like this is a completely
made-up thing and he's deciding to call
that and I would suggest that you know
if it really is a democracy movement and
this is part of the reason why you know
this is there is cynicism about this if
this is a democracy movement then
someone should tell Mark Warner then
someone should tell Joe Manchin then
someone should tell Chuck Schumer
because they are cooperating far too
much with this administration if we are
still in the mode of hey we're gonna
lose our democracy here that's I mean
that's a real problem if you're gonna
argue that there is an existential
threat to our democracy
you better be more concerned about the
leadership of the Democratic Party that
is not taking your HEA your warning
seriously the reason Trump concerns
democracy scholars is that he violates
norms or threatens to a norm is simply a
common practice as distinct from formal
law regulation before last year FBI
directors serve 10 year terms which
served and Trump switched him while
left-wing critics of the democracy
movement have no sympathy for Trump they
do not share the
analysis of the threat he poses to begin
with these critics see the threat posed
by Trump as his policy agenda not any
damage to the American system of
government now look there's there
there's two different things here and
there's a little bit of sleight of hand
I'm quite sure that those of us who see
Trump's policy agenda is highly
problematic also see his incredible
corruption as being highly problematic
and that the two are synchronized well
that's where the arguments that's where
the arc I understand but I don't see how
you couldn't see and then he goes on to
say liberals see the Constitution as a
flawed document that contained high
ideals and have in fits and starts over
two centuries come closer and alignment
with reality leftist regarded as a
bitter joke barely worth defense that's
what we call it our slack or slack
documents our slack group or like that
bitter joke democracy bitter just sound
it's like a rubber chicken and document
for he uses and I think really misuses
Aziz Rana who's been on this show twice
last couple months very interesting
target we were extreme acerbic non
rational thinking about democracy we we
what he's one of the guests that we have
like look we get a little bit dry but he
will you know and his stuff was not dry
it's very interesting but it was a
pretty sober analysis I would say but he
says Rana right after saying leftists
regarded as a bitter joke barely worth
of Defense look III there are I can't
tell you how many centrist I know who
think that there's deep-seated problems
with the Constitution not the least of
which you know the the number of
representatives that we have the way
that the Senate works the way the
Supreme Court justices work I mean
deeply deeply feel it's deeply flawed
like a very operational and procedural
yes wait that doesn't reflect their
centrist fault so very strange the way
that he's mutating it's really really
working hard here Rana dismisses
defenses of
quote Constitution and country end quote
and the belief that quote the founding
principles end quote contain quote a
basic commitment to universal equality
and quote as homilies that politicians
had to repeat to be taken seriously by
party gatekeepers and that's rise to
prominence in truth Rana asserts
American capitalism is and quotes
inherently oppressive now if I'm reading
his his assessment of Rana here
correctly it is Rana thinks that people
cite the Constitution rather cynically
and that the founding principles and
whatnot to the extent that people cite
them were clearly hypocritical at the
time right I mean I think we can all
agree that not everybody was created
equal at the beginning of this country
you mean anybody don't know what you
could possibly be talking about a little
bit more respectful of norms and and
then he goes having dismissed American
democracy as a myth left-wing critics
seem to have missed with some of the
finer points of its continued
functioning now look you got guys like
Martin gilens who have written about
that that money drives our politics that
when there's any contested questions in
Congress that the side that is promoted
by big money wins I mean these are gonna
I think controversial since the 60s
right there hasn't been a major policy
dispute I don't know if I went back I
don't think he went back to the sixties
but it's been for for at least decades
and he I is is poorly written but it
does um a lot of term paper language in
it I remember like when you're writing
and you're like oh my god how much more
connects then the word limit on this but
but you're like the rather the Eric
Levitz sort of works off of that piece
and makes something in true
thing of it in fact I'm gonna interview
him for Ring of Fire this week but he
says that America's version of
capitalism is incompatible with
democracy and this is America's version
of capitalism and he says look if you're
going to argue that the problem with
Trump is that he's breaking the norms
then when Chuck Schumer takes over as
the leader of the Senate you better want
him to see Donald Trump's justices you
better want him right to hold hearings
forthwith for that next candidate as
opposed to as opposed to saying like hey
remember what happened with Garland
right because if the idea is to
reinstitute norms if that is the
ultimate objective here that policy
changes have nothing to do with it
that's what you better be prepared to
sign on for and if so that's pretty
pathetic
he writes that in jate in terms of the
democracy movement sees all the
tell-tale signs of a bad case of Norman
thus to heal our Republican immunize it
against future strains of the same virus
several liberal thinkers have called for
the formation of bipartisan coalition's
in defense of democratic norms and rule
of law in their view the threat Trump
poses is so grave and unique ideologues
on both sides of the aisle should now
prioritize maintaining rule-based order
over winning policy battles so as to
safeguard their freedom to settle such
disputes democratically in the future
and he goes on to say however so several
social democratic and or democratic
socialist thinkers see state and federal
legislatures who routinely slash taxes
on the wealthy and services for the poor
in defiance of their constituent wishes
regulatory agencies that serve as
training grounds for the firms they're
meant to police a Supreme Court that's
forever expanding the rights of
corporations in
ding those of organized labor criminal
justice system that won't prosecute
bankers for laundering drug money but
will dole out life sentences too
small-time crack dealers a central bank
that is a resource in the bailout
financial farms but not the home owners
whom they exploit a Pentagon that can
wage a multi trillion-dollar Awards that
exacerbate the very problems they were
supposed to solve and still get rewarded
with a higher budget even as the housing
department asked working poor to pay
higher rent for worse accommodations and
seething beneath all those defects
disparities in the distribution of
private wealth so vast and consequential
the nation's super-rich have come to and
enjoy an average life expectancy 15
years longer than its poor that's the
point is Donald Trump something so
unique or is he a natural product of of
these policies that have disenfranchised
so many people now I happen to believe
that the vast majority of Donald Trump
support is based in racial animus and I
do think that there is some reason to
believe that some of those people are
also relating are also expressing their
racial animus as a result of a general
frustration and malaise they're feeling
because their wages have been stagnant
or they're living in an area that's
depressed or they're not seeing any
benefit and it's just easier for them to
find a target with you know the brown
people or the Lib tards or whatever that
very well may be the case but what is
indisputable is that these are realities
and even if you want to take away as to
whether or not I'm gonna take away the
efficacy of these as political issues
they are clearly problems in our society
that's undeniable all of those those
litany of things that were just listed
those are undeniable facts that are
taking place
and are also very threatening to our
democracy because the way a democracy
falls apart right is that things become
such within the functioning of society
that enough people are either turned to
right-wing populism or are just feeling
like the nothing's ever gonna change the
wash I show up to vote you know I mean
you talk about Wisconsin you talk about
Michigan there was a lot of voter
suppression too but there also should
have been a lot more enthusiasm to come
out and vote but a lot of people just
feel like this is not gonna help me
which is fair I mean look without even
judging it you know who cares if it's
fair or not if you can't get people out
to the polls that's not just the
people's problem it is the problem of
the politicians and that is the reality
of it you know it's like we can't snap
our fingers and make it a hundred
thousand people do something that we
individually think is the right thing
for them to do the whole point of
politics is to convince people that a
something is the right thing to do and
then get them to do it and that's on you
right I mean that's just the bottom line
it's just it's just like I can't change
the weather either I can complain that
it's raining but I can't change the
weather people are as people are and if
they're disconnected from politics in
such a way that they don't think it
makes a difference whether or not Donald
Trump is president they don't think it
makes a difference is whether or not is
telling the truth then there's something
else that is problematic and if you get
into politics your job your job number
one is to fix that that's the point of
being in politics that's the point of
going into government and so the idea
that somehow radical leftists or
whatever you know whatever that means I
mean because if you know you're you're
referring to these people as radical
leftist then I know I'm not sure that
you I guess I but I guess I owe the
Bernie Kratz an apology
really for making it easier to read bait
the whole group of them I mean it's well
I don't think he needed much I liked you
I did like Aziz Ranas PhD dissertation
democracy totally sucks man it's a lie
dude you published for the Princeton
Review and look here's the bottom line
we are looking across in these special
elections we see these Democratic
primaries things like Medicare for all
Axios is reporting was a big winner now
I guess we're gonna find out in the
general election if they carry the day
or not but there's no reason to believe
that they won't these are very popular
policies and it remains to be seen
frankly and I haven't seen anybody make
certainly I haven't seen anybody prove
that you know making it about like what
Jennifer Palmieri called for a month
after Donald Trump was elected no
ideology no agenda just about how
horrible Trump is to various groups in
America just you know is rude to doesn't
like I mean I think frankly you know if
you were to really dig into the
perspective let's say for instance in
the african-american community I think
they would say yes Donald Trump is
horrible horrible racist but we've had
races for a long time and systemically
we have some problems that are bigger
than Donald Trump Donald Trump going
away is not gonna solve the races
problem in fact Donald Trump is there
because on some level of the racist
problem and I think that cuts across all
of it yeah I don't think there's that
many mainstream politicians who don't
have something really problematic about
them you got to judge people I mean
certainly there are degrees but given
the choice between
a trump and I don't know of Bernie who
maybe doesn't reach out as effectively
as he should or could I think the choice
is pretty clear
yeah but but I guess what I'm saying is
that it's not even a function of an
individual it's a function of we have
systemic problems and ironically that's
a whole way of breaking down this debate
for all of chaydez talk about norms and
procedure it's all like is just if your
politics is just defined with your
personal discomfort that this guy is
president he would say it's like it's a
threat to democracy I think there is but
I'd like that Eric Lovitz pointed out in
that piece was he was like you know what
maybe when Robert Muller is put in jail
on terrorism charges the calculus flips
and this procedure and democracy
movement stuff being first and foremost
maybe then that runs to the head of the
deck but I think but certainly I was
going from him to the Jennifer Palmieri
quote I think those types of statements
really just reflect a personal repulsion
to him which is fine but there's there
they're almost they can't be systemic
because they're almost like allergic to
that type of analysis because
everything's just the kind of signify
you would have to believe and listen I
certainly subscribe to the idea that
James Comey you know but for that James
Comey letter Hillary Clinton probably
wins I would say maybe but for a certain
amount of voter suppression Hillary
Clinton probably wins then I and I will
go on with the litany of abut fours in
terms of her campaign and whatnot but
you have to reckon with the idea and we
would have had to reckon with it even if
she had won you know Michigan by 10,000
votes Wisconsin by 5,000 votes pulled
out somewhere else Pennsylvania by 5,000
votes you'd still have to reckon with
like how did Donald Trump this total
scumbag who represents just about
everything that we can say in a broad
sense is bad about America and you know
how did he I mean really
but how did he get so close like I think
you would have to reckon with that you'd
have to say like we've got a problem
here we defeated cancer but it could
come back you know like maybe we need to
change the way that we eat maybe we need
to go you know less red meat maybe we
need to get more exercise whatever it is
like you you need to address those
things and I don't know this is an
argument you're gonna see over the next
couple of months because there's gonna
be an extended argument as to how
Democrats should be running in these
general elections once it's you know
once the primaries are over then people
are gonna fight for what the issue sets
are that the Democrats are gonna run for
and if they take over the house
then people are gonna fight for what
those issue sets are and this talk of
norms and democracy movement this is
just Newt no labels dressed up in a
different way when Chuck Schumer refuses
to show up at the Senate when we don't
have Democrats defecting in agreeing on
rolling back dodd-frank this is what I
would say to the Jonathan shades of the
world get your own house in order there
are no radical leftist who are running
in the leadership of the Senate and so
why aren't they as concerned about the
threats to democracy that you seem to
think that the radical left is not right
I mean that's the real question here not
whether or not you can bring a board you
know Aziz Rana
from his powerful position if the
question is where's Chuck Schumer Chuck
Schumer's like yeah I actually just read
Aziz Rana and my feeling is a screw too
much honestly well where where are the
where are no totally at least mainstream
where are the people on them I mean
where are this up as an ideological
thing where are the people
where's Joe Manchin he doesn't love the
Constitution no where's uh by the way I
mean what's his uh I mean I guess well
Heidi Heitkamp what is she doing is she
going to like she's taken
um why didn't every single giant wasps
go and you know going on a Vision Quest
and you know very very bending over
backwards to avoid making the connection
between our democracy being in trouble
and capitalism and the shift to
neoliberal capitalism in particularly
you know it's it is ironic because the
left it's not that we don't care about
democracy we think the problem started
before 2016 because it did and if you
want to talk about norms this once again
this neoliberal system it arose fairly
recently if we want to return to norms
talk about the New Deal talk about like
this is just regular progressive
Democrat stuff this is not even flecked
ism I would say democracy totally lame
is the new tag for my show
but but I think that it's ironic too
because people like Glenn Greenwald or
Marcy wheeler they actually have a far
