[Music]
yeah I'd say and it's about to get a lot
worse
Ian welcome to the program yeah in case
you've wondered what the Gilded Age
looks like we're about to all find out
you know it's funny that you say that
because I pre-recorded an interview with
Jane Mak levy that I'm gonna play right
after you where she she wrote a book
specifically on you know in in and I was
talking to her about the the
implications of the Janis ruling and and
the name of her book is you know dealing
with the new Gilded Age anticipating
what we're seeing today so all right
let's you know we had some major rulings
this week that are now almost secondary
in the sense that they are very bad
rulings if we look back on Anthony
Kennedy's year in addition to these
rulings stuff that people anticipated he
was sort of waiting for in terms of the
gerrymandering the court punted and let
me just get your take on what what do
you think that's about now that you know
he's retiring
right yeah I think when you look back at
this past term it's clear that he made
the decision to retire at some point
this year and he just didn't want to
hand down decisions that he knew were
going to be overruled five minutes after
he left and so you know he punted on the
big gerrymandering cases he punted on
the the case dealing with whether or not
you can discriminate against people if
your religion tells you to arm and then
you know I think the craziest decision
he made was in the Muslim ban case he
joined chief Roberts Chief Justice
Roberts his opinion which more or less
says like oh so long if the president
can come up with a legitimate sounding
reason why he wants to do this we won't
look at all the past racist statements
he said in the past explaining that he's
doing it for some other reason kennedy
join that opinion and then he
wrote a separate concurrence where he
basically said ya know this is really
bad and the president shouldn't do this
but I'm kind of powerless to do anything
about it so we're just going to let it
happen so you know looking back on it he
looks like a man who you know spent his
last term on the court in a senior slump
and you know who didn't want to fight
any big fights and who didn't want to
create get himself into a position where
he was just going to hand out a decision
that wasn't going to last very long and
so this term you know the sort of
decisions you got from this court the
court this term look a whole lot like
the sort of decisions that you would
have gotten if Kennedy had already been
replaced in many cases you know I you
know and III gotta say it's funny
because for you know for as long as I've
talked to people about the Supreme Court
kennedy was always the slightly I guess
an enigma and I gotta say the guy has
really revealed himself I mean I don't
think history is gonna be very kind to
this guy who sort of like backs out in a
very sniveling fashion you know I mean
because who knows whether or not these
things would have been overturned but
the idea that he didn't want to leave
his mark on the court in any fashion is
sort of shocking to me yeah I mean
history is not gonna look well on this
guy I mean here's the thing about
Anthony I mean Justice Kennedy is really
really conservative I I mean people
would like appeal to him because he was
our best shot of getting one of the
conservatives to flip their vote and
advocates who like you know like most of
the people who know a lot about the
Supreme Court
our PR lawyers who advocate and who may
have a case in front of the Supreme
Court and they're not going to talk
badly about the guy he's their swing
vote because you know you don't want to
piss them off you need them um but yeah
I mean this is most of his decisions
were bad he wrote citizens united for
correct sake right um and I think that
the way to understand is this
to retire now is one of two things we're
going to happen either he retires under
Donald Trump and if he retires under top
Donald Trump then you know then all the
gay rights decisions potentially go away
abortion goes away you all just roughly
think is good that he did you know that
the suffrage is preserving civil rights
walls that goes away if he retires under
Donald trial or he could retire you know
wait and pretend and leave the court
under you know whoever the next
president is you know Camilla Harris
Kirsten Gillibrand whoever it is he
leaves under he leaves under that person
and then Citizens United goes away then
this unions decision goes goes away then
all of the decisions saying that rich
people get what they want in this
country those decisions go away but he
gets to keep but but we get to keep
abortion we get to keep a rising and we
Kennedy says you know what I care more
about rich people than I do about gay
people in Britain that's that's it's
enlightening and stunning and disgusting
all right well let's let I mean I want
to move a little bit from the sort of
the you know this did this first version
of history about a Kennedy because he
has now couldn't be less relevant right
and the the question is it is well
there's a couple of questions and and
let's start with it with order of sort
of I guess what would happen in
temporally
is there any mechanism to deny Donald
Trump this pick at least until there's a
chance in November that a new Senate
would be elected now and that's a long
shot in and of itself but is there any
way to deny him this pick for this
session of the Senate
yeah I mean it's called a floor vote if
they're 51 senators who don't want or
maybe even fit in just 50 cuz McCain is
still in Arizona arm then
you know if two Republican senators
decide that they don't want Donald Trump
to replace Anthony Kennedy with whoever
Trump picks then you know then this
nomination is stopped and as it turns
out there happened to be two Republican
senators Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski who at least claim to be
pro-choice and so the decision that
Susan Collins needs to make decision at
least the mikowski needs to me is they
are going to vote on whether or not to
overrule roe v wade I mean that that's
what this vote is I mean it's about a
lot of things but one of this the things
that this vote is about is is Susan
Collins going to overrule roe v wade and
Susan Collins can decide that she does
not want to overrule roe v wade and lisa
murkowski can decide that she does not
want to overrule whoa overrule roe v
wade and maybe after they make it clear
to trump that that's not happening he'll
pick someone else who's more moderate
and you know and can get and can get
more votes but yeah I mean there was a
mechanism to stop whoever Trump's
nominee is from being confirmed it's
called a no vote in any in his
confirmation okay and let me just remind
folks about Susan Collins when it comes
to these things she voted for the health
care repeal based upon a promise by
Mitch McConnell that I think never
materialized and I never heard about
Susan Collins ever having a problem with
it again so and I don't want to put you
in a position where you have to bet
anything of value but I'm willing to
make a wager out there for let's say I
don't want to go overboard
but I'll do 50% of what I saved from my
kids college education that Susan
Collins is going to say like we just
don't know whether what this nominee is
going how they're gonna vote we just
there's no way from me because they
won't tell us yes Susan Collins is
counting on her voters being she Susan
Collins wants to think her voters are
stupid yeah I mean Susan Collins is the
senator from a blue state she is the
senator from the state of Maine and like
she is trusting
on the you know the ability that she is
going to be able to lie to her voters
she's going to be able to say that she
had no idea like what this person's
going to do at UA and she's going to
rely on that when she runs for
re-election in 2020 and if she tells her
voters oh I don't know what this
person's gonna gonna get rid of ro or
not she is lying to them right
yeah I mean you know that that's what it
comes down to you she's a senator from a
blue state and if she wants to run her
next election having voted to overrule
roe v wade that she can run her next
election having voted to overrule roe v
wade because that's what she is voting
for and you know i there--they susan
collins is terrible i I don't have a I
don't have a high degree of confidence
that she's going to do the right thing
here but that's the choices facing all
right yeah but yeah but that so let's go
down the hundred go into her next
election like that
I want to I want to I want to move
forward in time to where Susan Collins
behaves exactly true to form she votes
for this person with a you know so I met
with them in private and I had a pretty
good inkling that they're going to
protect a woman's right to choose and
then January comes the new state the new
state governments are elected the new
Supreme Court justice is seated and
Jeffrey Toobin says 18 months will have
220 states that have outlawed abortion
in their states one of those states will
head up cases if not multiple ones will
head up to the Supreme Court the Supreme
Court will choose one they will overturn
roe v wade it becomes a state matter let
me ask you this can then a Republican if
the Republicans control the Senate in
the house at that point can they can
they write a bill that says it's illegal
to cross state lines to get an abortion
um probably no probably they couldn't
write that bill because there's a
constant
right to travel if you are a US citizen
you are allowed to travel you know
across state borders uh you know there
are some laws saying that lido
prohibiting like transporting a minor
across state borders for the purpose of
engaging in sexual trafficking um but
III think that they probably aren't
going to keep people from Texas from
going up to New York to get an abortion
you know what what the world looks like
once the day after roe v wade is
overruled
um or after it's like boiled down to
nothing because they may not actually
write the words roe v wade is overruled
they'll just make the decision have no
force whatsoever but the day after that
happens once the world once that happens
if you are rich your life is exactly the
same right if you are rich the only
thing that changes for you is that if
you need an abortion you call up your
boss and you say hey I need to take a
few days off and you buy a plane ticket
and you go up to New York and you get
your abortion there you go to California
and you get your abortion there rather
than being able to get it at a location
that's more convenient if you are poor
those are the people who are her
impacted you and not just if you're poor
you if you don't have deflect the job
flexibility so that you can take those
days off on on the spur of the moment so
you can travel to it so you can travel
somewhere else to get an abortion um you
know if you don't have the money that
you can just shell out for not just the
cost of the treatment but the plane
taking everything out those are the
people who will be targeted so this rich
people even if abortion were banned in
all 50 states
rich people still go to Canada if this
is about the way we're gonna treat women
who aren't rich and in many respects as
we talk about these the the the the I
guess the high-profile facets of our
lives that are going to change with a
replacement for Justice Kennedy that you
know as someone had texted me last night
like well
you know how bad is this gonna get and I
said I can answer that question if you
tell me what color you are how much you
earn and where you live what state right
I mean that's basically what it comes
down to those three factors will will
determine how your live your life is
impacted and so let's talk about other
things that that you anticipate we're
going to see changed with a with a with
a fifth justice who looks more like
gorsek than Kennedy yeah so here's my
biggest concern and I'm gonna disagree
with you slightly about lately obviously
the people who are going to be hit most
immediately and most clearly are going
to be women people of color sexual
minorities and gender minorities I mean
that that's clear um but the biggest
thing that concerns me about this is
that we I mean not that Kennedy was
great on voting rights but Roberts is
much much worse and Roberts's is the new
swing voter and what you've seen in the
states is an effort to use more and more
aggressive State Balls restricting the
franchise that's what voter ID laws are
that's what that North Carolina law was
that just combined a bunch of ways to
make it harder for black people to vote
with without Kennedy I am 90% sure that
in wall like that North Carolina law is
going to be upheld and what Republican
states are going to start doing in the
coming years is they're going to start
experimenting let's start passing more
and more aggressive voter suppression
malls these walls are going to target
racial minorities because most African
Americans for example vote for Democrats
and so they can look at the color of
someone's skin and say if I
disenfranchise this person I'm pretty
sure I'm disenfranchising a Democrat and
that'll help me get reelected and so you
all of us are in this together you know
if you start disenfranchising black
voters I see a church that means that
Democrats no longer can win election and
if you don't like the idea of living
a one-party nation then like this
impacts you I I mean I am white and I
also want to continue to have
competitive elections and that means
that my fate is tied to the black people
are going to be targeted by these walls
right
