this is this is the clip of her finding
out that she won and I think you know
she just looks pretty stunned we also
have video that I want to play a little
bit later which shows just how adept of
a candidate she is but let's watch this
first in terms of of of appreciating the
energy that this is bringing to the
Democratic Party pause it for one second
understand she's not just looking
herself on television she's leaning at
the fact that she beat Joe Crowley by
something like 15 points I mean this was
a this was a whooping a whooping
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
these numbers right now but I do know
[Applause]
belongs to every single grassroots
organizer every working parent every mom
every eldest member the LGBTQ community
and every single person is responsible
for this hell yeah I mean that's uh you
know talk about expositional you know
sort of on message and enthusiastic
that's pretty amazing I'm gonna say it
again
hell yeah very exciting stuff and see
did this print out I had a print out of
her oh yeah here it is here is a
platform as she was she was handing out
Medicare for all medicine vision dental
mental health care Universal jobs
guarantee serve our communities with
living wages fully funded public schools
in universities plus taxing Wall Street
to support tuition free public
universities in trade schools paid
family and sick leave housing is a human
right safe secure habitable and
affordable homes justice system reform
and the war on drugs demilitarized
police abolish for-profit incarceration
immigration justice protect dreamers and
TPS recipients
that's the those folks we have now
deported who were here in like the event
like the Haitian earthquake or a civil
war simplify the paths the citizenship
and abolish ice infrastructure overhaul
invests 100% renewable green industry
clean campaign finance ending the
corrupting influence of corporate
finance and public elections an economy
of peace that supports our veterans
actively values all humanity
that was her printed platform that she
was handing out to folks yes ladies and
gentleman lots of reason to be
be happy today also I would say probably
in terms of just material benefits more
reason to be upset but let's start with
the happy news because there's always
the chance that this could be indicative
of of things to come and also that it
sends a message to Democratic lawmakers
about where the future of the party lies
and-and-and I mean there's a couple
aspects of this win in New York
fourteenth is we should say yet
primaries last night in in New York in
Colorado in Maryland I believe that's it
there may be one other state that I'm
forgetting in terms of Democratic
primaries and and we should say the one
in New York it was only for federal
seats they the New York voting system is
so effed up and such an accumbens racket
that there are there's just a myriad of
ways in which they make it difficult to
vote whether it's you need to register
months and months in advance for a
specific party whether you have no sort
of there's no early voting process the
absentee voting thing is rather
cumbersome and difficult all that and
this we're gonna separate the primaries
so instead of like having primaries for
house and the governorship and your
state reps and whatnot all in the same
day we're going to separate them by
months so that even to the point of
confusion where I was like I had
forgotten that and I when I looked at my
ballot I'm like wait a second oh that's
right I forgot
so the biggest outcome and or I should
say the I mean it's a huge upset and
it is not necessarily I mean we saw a
little bit of this certainly there was
establishment candidates ones backed by
the deep Triple C ones backed by EMILY's
List or ones that were not backed by
emily's list there's clearly an energy
in the base of the Democratic Party that
is pushing back and in some places it
broke through and other places it did
not and beyond the base right like
people who don't usually vote well I
mean I guess it depends on how you want
to define what the base of the
Democratic Party is but certainly and I
don't know the participation numbers as
far as I can tell I mean it's pretty you
know there's no apples to apples version
of figuring out what the primary results
were in occasio car teas versus
Crowley's race because Crowley hasn't
had a primary hasn't had to run a
primary as far as I can tell for at
least a four to two cycles at least and
so but the numbers seem relatively high
although they're they're low right I
mean what was it I don't know thirty
thousand people voted in a district
maybe maybe you had ten percent of the
Democrats came out
that's not extraordinary numbers but
again that's by design and usually that
favors the incumbent right because the
incumbent has all the resources and with
the incumbent has the ability to raise
more money and when you're talking about
such low attendance primaries low
participation primaries those type of of
of advantages have an outsource in a
outsized impact it sort of worked the
opposite way in this instance because
you had really I mean an exceptional
candid
I mean in general we don't get that
involved in primaries on this program I
mean at least not for a congressional
district because there's just too many
but she's come up on the program
multiple times just because she's been
such an outstanding candidate whether or
not she was running against the fourth
most powerful Democrat and arguably the
heir to the speakership of Nancy
Pelosi's that might be the best part
well I the interns a lot of best parts
yeah I mean there's a lot of good parts
of this and it they're all gonna have
you know in in how much of an
implication they have like look they all
could resonate the but the the most
let's start with the most tangible part
you have a twenty eight-year-old and
she's all but sure to win the general
election because of the nature of this
seat a twenty eight-year-old
activist who has amazing politics who
raised something like seventy percent of
her dollars and there wasn't that many
of 300 thousand dollars I think she
raised was a small don't was small donor
donations tiny donations this versus
Crowley who got one point five million
dollars five times more money than she
did and it was from some of the biggest
names in the country a year ago she was
tending bar in in 2017
less than a year ago November right I
mean that's eight months ago and but
more important that she is an amazing
candidate I mean her politics are all
exceptional she will be I mean I don't
I don't know I I don't know enough about
every single member of the house we're
talking you know 400 plus people but I
think she's going to be the most
outspoken in terms of things like
Palestinian rights she is going to be
she won't be the first
I guess mark Pocan has already come out
with a bill to abolish ice but she's
going to be the second or third I mean
who knows hopefully by then there'll be
more but things like health care I mean
across the board I don't think that
there's anybody who would have an issue
with her with her politics and with her
positions maybe some may have some and
she also is very articulate about the
the idea of of separating ident from
economic issues or separating economic
issues from race she has a very strong
grasp on on how those things are
interrelated and for nothing she's out
as the Democratic Socialist
and she's out as a Democratic was
amazing and you know huge for the DSA
which endorsed her it's you do the DSA
it's very helpful to folks like Zephyr
Teachout and Cynthia Nixon who endorsed
her there's there's a lot of
implications to this Gillibrand feeling
that yeah I bet and and so the other
issue is going to be how much of of a a
warning shot is this because look people
are making comparisons between when
David brat knocked off David Cantor and
Eric Cantor and the difference between
that and this is a Eric Cantor did not
think it was possible
Crowley certainly had forewarning
there's a reason why he spent one point
five million dollars he saw this coming
and he could not stop it in addition to
that and Brendon had made this point
earlier there's I think being one
incumbent who has lost their election in
terms of Democrats since 2016 uh in
terms of Republicans this happens a lot
there is a you just don't see this on
the Democratic side and so and we had
another race can't remember what
district it was in New York off the top
of my head where we had another
incumbent who nearly lost I think to
first generation refugee but she seems
to have pulled it yeah in the ninth
against that's my district against bunk
right but yeah she was close to and I I
voted for him he turns out to be like a
charter schools guy too but but so
there's definitely a movement afoot and
this is going to provide both
inspiration for activists on the ground
that they can do something like this
it's also going to cause the Democratic
caucus to move to the left and it leaves
a vacuum in the leadership and
necessarily every time you knock off and
we we were talking about this the other
day not in the context of this race but
I think this is really indicative of it
the baby boomers sucked up all the
oxygen if you will all the potential you
know nutrients that it takes to grow a
political leadership from folks in the
generations that followed them
I don't think it's a coincidence that
this is a 28 year old who one who is
part of a generation that is like
literally larger than the largest
generation since the baby boomers and I
think in addition to and we mentioned
this I think in the context of pay-go
the Democratic leadership and I've had
positive things to say about Nancy
Pelosi but I think it's quite clear that
the combination of always being a bubble
when you're in leadership that's there's
a certain inevitability about that after
a certain period of time but also being
older and having lessons and lessons
formed from your formative years that
are really outdated the Democratic
leadership is sclerotic and anything
that can sort of start to break that up
a little bit because when they look for
a replacement for Crowley it's probably
going to come from a younger generation
and just the idea that you're breaking
that up even if it's someone who isn't
necessarily from the more progressive
wing of the Democratic Party and I think
that it's possible that it could be if
they're smart they will or people who
aren't Democrats and they're staging a
hostile takeover of the Democratic Party
well they're unlikely to get into the
leadership of the Democratic Party yet
never know the well okay I mean I don't
know how that works out but I'm saying
people in Congress who are who are
Democrats are gonna try and get into
leadership to fill that that void I mean
this is this is just this is just the
reality of it hopefully it starts to
break that up because my concern is not
just even issue sets I think there's a
real problem with just sort of being
able to do politics in a sort of just
the mechanics of it Chuck Schumer has
shown himself to be incredibly
ineffectual in bringing about outcomes
that I think are uncontroversial across
the spectrum of ideologies in the
Democratic Party and that's that's the
worst case scenario I mean at the very
least you want a partisan to be able to
bring about partisan outcomes
