[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex the majority report with sam
cedar Wednesday September 26 2018 my
name is Michael Brooks oh no Michael
Wednesday this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we're
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
this heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on today's program Murtaza
Hussein reporter and columnist for the
intercept we're talking about the Trump
administration war on the ICC counting
the costs the fallout of the Syria war
and Trump at the UN and a global update
fresh right before the show new
horrifying just I don't know the word
grotesque accusations against judge
Kavanagh and his whole not his whole but
many parts of his cohort in high school
and at Yale Trump is attacking the
accusers and Arizona repend Republicans
on the Judiciary Committee picked a
prosecutor to question dr. Ford and four
people are now cooperating her assault
claims avenatti says this is the real
deal with julia sweat Nick and she
certainly
has a very real things to lose if she
wasn't being other anything other than
fully truthful Bill Cosby is going to
jail his spokesperson has some pretty
incredible things to say about him and
judge Kavanaugh Trump threatening to cut
off aid to loyal countries Mike Pence
knew in advance about Michael Flynn's
phone calls to kiss lyac Fernando had
died growing in the polls as looks like
Brazil under the leadership of the
Workers Party might fight off a fascist
challenge Tom Styer to spend millions
backing Andrew Gilliam in Florida and
the GOP is zeroing in an abortion to
turn out its troops for the midterm
elections all that and more on today's
majority report Adam rein stopper with
the the new we're doing a trial run for
new openings yeah we've had a few
submitted
thanks Adam rain stopper Jimmy reefer
cakes new collaboration remarks new
collaboration we're not coming up real
quick with that one that I think that
it's a bit it's weird because we're so
used to the pressure drop it is very
it's very hard to get you're sort of
liked to do your shoutouts over a new
beat yeah like because it's not like
pressure drop is a very serious song but
you could do like serious headlines over
it and it didn't feel out of place no it
didn't feel out of place that felt a
little it's hard to talk about the caf
enough right I'm talking about just this
horrifying disgusting stuff and I feel
like I should be like an extra like I
don't know like we should be at some
some like ska party in the mid 90s or
something um but thanks Adam those Thank
You Adam that was good that's the
strongest tighter tight strong contender
we've made the point and of course this
probably already wouldn't apply because
now there's already so many others
he's coming out here that if judge
Cavanaugh had said look there was an
incident that happened when I was
younger I've learned I've grown we
wouldn't be talking about this we would
be talking about actually all of the
horrific lis destructive things that he
wants to do to the court Republicans are
still fixated on this high school
doesn't matter talking point which also
contradicts and almond it's a very
interesting defense because it basically
takes as a fact essentially that the guy
that are defending is lying completely
today here's Brian Kilmeade
with you know he's just outraged the
poor guy
so that's what and I always had to add
back to school night last night there
are my tenth and twelfth grader and
little did I know I was just trying to
see if they have blown any shot any
success in life in tenth and twelfth
grade because that's what I'm getting
from this whole process well when in
doubt go back to high school and college
even if you were in your 50s but there
are serious allegations that have been
leveled against mr. Cavanaugh by dr.
Christine Ford there's that yes they are
serious they're unproven and for people
to go in life and say okay let's go back
to high school to stop you from moving
forward I mean I heard of your
transcript match mattering in ninth
grade for college but I didn't know your
ninth and tenth grade actions could
really reflect on what happens in
Supreme Court well I welcome Brian
Kilmeade to a broader struggle for a
restorative justice for a more
compassionate society one that does not
try juveniles as adults ones that acts
one society it actually looks at um as
many prisoners as possible as people who
could be rehabilitated in society and
less destructive culture I welcome you
to that Brian
to that battle Brian I doubt I'll see
you there though but they're pushing the
high school talking point this morning
Michael avenatti who did teased this and
let me just stipulate the reason i
stipulate this I understand he's done
some things with immigration law that
are questionable and I just want to say
that because obviously
stephen ronald reagan is a very
important person to this show and a
friend and a very serious immigration
attorney and it's important to note
we're a vanadis maybe been remiss and we
also don't support his twenty twenty
presidential we're not big fans but I
think he's multi I think he certainly
mostly been right with his aggressive
approach to Michael Colin and to trump
into this whole cabal and he's now
brought forward a woman named Julia
sweat Nick and I'm gonna just read a bit
actually from her sworn declaration my
name is Julia sweat Nick I'm a white
resident of Washington DC I fully
understand the seriousness of the
statements contained within this
declaration I have personal knowledge of
an information stated here on and if
called to testify to the same I would do
so I would and could do so I'm a
graduate of gathers burg high school and
gathers burg Maryland I presently hold
the following act of clearances
associated with working in the federal
government federal trust US Department
of Treasury u.s. mint MSM Internal
Revenue Service in other words I have
things to lose I have also held the
following inactive clearances secret US
Department of State US Department of
Justice and public trust US Department
of Homeland Security Customs and Border
Protection and she goes on to list a
range of of government employments and
now she's talking about when she first
met mark Cavanaugh in the early 80s and
she and also mark judge I would describe
them as joined-at-the-hip and I
consistently saw them together in many
social settings she said point number
seven following the first introduction
I've attended well over ten parties in
Washington DC area during the years of
1981 to 1983 where Mark judge and Brent
Cavanaugh were present these parties
were a common occurrence in the area and
occurred nearly every weekend during the
school year on numerous occasions at
these parties I witnessed mark judge and
my own Brett Kavanaugh drink excessively
and engage in highly inappropriate
contact including being overly
aggressive with girls and not taking no
for an answer
this conduct including the fondling
grabbing of girls without their consent
I observe Brett Kavanaugh drink
excessively excessively at many of these
parties and engage in abusive and
physically aggressive behavior towards
girls including pressing girls against
them without their consent grinding
against girls attempting to remove
shirts and girls and to expose their
private parts I likewise have served and
being verbally abusive towards girls by
making crude sexual comments them that
were designed to demean humiliate them
yeah let's skip to eleven though you
should read the whole affidavit but this
is where it gets I mean this is
certainly it you know I don't know what
statute of limitations on these things
are but these are the most serious
charges during the years 1981 to 1982 I
was aware of efforts by Mark judge and
Brett cabin on others to spike the punch
at house parties I attended with drugs
and her grain alcohol so as to cause
girls to lose their inhibitions and
their ability to say no this caused me
to make an effort to purposely avoid the
punch at these parties I witnessed
efforts by Mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh and others to target
particularly girls so that they could
take particular girls so they could take
advantage of them there's usually a girl
that was especially vulnerable because
she was alone at the party or shy I also
witnessed efforts by Mark judge and
Brett Cavanaugh others to cause girls
become Annie braid and disoriented so
they could be then being game gang raped
in a side room or bedroom by a train of
Jaquan unquote train of numerous boys I
have a firm recollection of seeing boys
lying outside of rooms that many of
these parties waiting for their quote
unquote turn with a girl inside the room
these boys included mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh so these are coming out oh we
oh yeah you're right excuse me in
approximately 1982 I became a victim of
one of these gangs a gang or train rapes
where mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh
were present shortly after the incident
I shared what had transpired with at
least two other people during the
incident I was incapacitated without any
consent and unable to fight off the boys
raping me I believe I was drugged using
Kweli
or something similar and what I was
drinking I am aware of the other
witnesses can that can attest to the
truthfulness of each of these statements
above so they're scheduled to hold
hearings tomorrow we're gonna start
going to start streaming a rally around
9:50 okay 950 we're gonna stream them
live and I mean you know obviously now
we're in a completely like we're not
talking about the conversation is
already on a completely different ground
then you know this sort of disingenuous
nonsense about high school into
allegations that don't get more serious
by very credible accusers and people
need to I mean take this in and of
itself and then I think also realized
that the Republican Party is doubling
down entirely so far on defending this
you know don't put anything past them
and I would not put anything past them
and I think actually for some of these
people it's going to become a point of
principle in a broader misogyny and a
broader politics which is horrifying and
grotesque and dangerous and you know
obviously just a rot at the core of
American life so we will be here with
that tomorrow
and talk about it more on the second
half of the show but for now we're gonna
take a brief break and we'll be right
back with more tazza Hussein from the
intercept
welcome back to the majority report
joining us now is Murtaza hussein he's a
columnist and journalist for the
intercept Matassa thanks for being here
thank you me uh always good to be
speaking with you let's start with
Donald Trump at the United Nations
actually man I should have said before I
don't know if we still have the laughter
handy it's always fun to to play that
clip actually yeah let's just let's just
play this clip really of Trump talking
about how great the last year has been
or his entire administration has been
and the response from the General
Assembly and maybe you could sort of
just touch on trumpet UN Week to get us
started today I stand before the United
Nations General Assembly to share the
extraordinary progress we've made in
less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
Administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay Murtaza what's it been like what I
mean I guess he's trying to be
diplomatic there well you know he's
doing the boasting he does in his
domestic speeches except that no the UN
audience is not prime and they're not
the most appropriate audience they don't
care what you claimed to have
accomplished in the last two years as
the administration or whether it's
better than Obama or Clinton and
Roosevelt or whoever you're trying to
compare yourself to it's an absurd
statement entity predictably
in my view gotta laugh and values for
certain dodged it I'm glad that people
are forced to acknowledge that he's
making the administration into a literal
laughingstock internationally into a
literal I mean that is really funny to
reflect on like how many like that
Republican talking point of what and
Trump all the time with Obama they're
laughing at us and it's like literally
the world laughed you know like my
capacity for shock has been so degraded
over the last few years or what's really
possible
you know the Overton Window has moved so
much but still with the giving you ng a
speech the American President and
literally the entire world is gathering
and laughing at you and laughing to the
point where you're forced to acknowledge
it it's quite the cinematic moment it's
a moment of real national decline
punctuated on the world stage let's talk
about you have a piece called the u.s.
goes to war against the ICC to cover up
alleged war crimes in Afghanistan I
talked about this actually briefly on
the Michael Brooks show last week do you
first of all
let's do a little bit of a history if
you can because the United States this
is this is Devlin area obviously the
sort of hostility from the United States
the International Criminal Court is not
new to Trump it has a history here so
maybe we could talk about that and then
we'll get
to the question of war crimes in
Afghanistan you know the United States
is one of the few countries in the world
which is not signed the Rome Statute
which would make it party to the ICC and
you know they've been different mess
there's been different messaging from
different administration's Clinton and
Obama sort of flirted with the idea of
potentially taking some role on the ICC
short of being a member
Bush was more overtly hostile but
fundamentally the US has never want to
be party to any international
organization which it does not have
decisive control over so they want a
privileged spot in the organization or
they don't want any part of it that's
generally been a rule and the ICC has
not really afforded them such a position
and if they were to become party to it
they would legitimate potential
investigations into war crimes carried
out by American officials in various
theaters around the world and you know
the u.s. is you know more how could I
put it they're more likely to be active
militarily in different countries around
the world and other parties are and they
do not want the level of oversight or
scrutiny that the ICC would put on those
activities and nor do they want you know
if you take the case of Afghanistan
particularly what they're so exercised
about is report ICC prosecutor support
prosecutors report is interactive
torture and rape and killing they were
carried out by US military CIA and
Afghanistan and it's very specifically
points out that their responsibility for
these acts with very high up the chain
of command it would not just a rogue at
some bad apples and there's absolutely
no way that the US would ever allow
situation where their top officials are
being indicted by the ICC and their
legitimating that process by recognize
the ictv so you know it's the bat the
optics on going to war get International
Criminal Court never be good but this
administration's not care about optics
at all and they're going full-throttle
and attempt in their hostility and Nick
and vows to destroy the organization
completely what are the we'll get to the
actions they're taking to undermine the
ICC but first of all what are these
crimes in Afghanistan and how do they go
up the chain of command so in the these
this report deal not just with American
actions but also Taliban actions and
actions of the Afghan government and it
deals very specifically with years 2000
three weeks ago for the early years of
the occupation of the country and they
deal specifically with detention calls
and people who were taken in tension by
the Americans and by their contractors
killed the subject rape subject beatings
various other mistreatment the report
does not go into specifics naming names
of officers involved or naming victims
but it's a high-level look at the crimes
they've documented and they documented
being systemic and they make specific
note that these actions came about as a
result of policies which were developed
by the government they weren't just
contraventions of American policy they
they were the product of policies that
US officials had implemented with regard
to detainees and you know this is not
surprising because the CIA did its own
or side Senate Intelligence Committee
its own investigation CIA practices and
it's very much found that he was
officials responsible for very egregious
acts of music and detainees so the ICC
report is very general but the u.s. is
trying to withdraw any sort of
cooperation with your organization now
to make sure that we don't get any of
the specifics because the specifics
based on what we know so far would not
be pretty and how does this fit into the
broader like Hudson cry mean there's so
much happening in the world
today right like obviously we're
focusing on Brett Kavanaugh and were you
know just dealing with all of the the
crises and systems that were already
breaking that led us to Trump and global
trumpism and we're also dealing with the
fact that you know and maybe could speak
to this briefly you know the United
States is now engaged in you know heavy
military activities in at least seven
different countries you know across
Middle East Africa and Afghanistan just
continues right we go from the invasion
by the bush administration then throwing
it on the back burner so we can so that
they could invade Iraq then Obama's sort
of we're gonna pledge more troops but
also sort of preset a drawdown and now
you know Trump who occasionally sort of
makes some isolationist noises
essentially just sort of doubling up and
you know seems to me the only real shift
is even a further unshackling and lack
of concern for civilian casualties with
aerial assaults and then of course the
whole you know dysfunctional dynamic
with Pakistan Indian and Iranian and
Chinese sort of poking around and this
is all on the backburner but we still
have this incredibly important
incredibly high human toll global war
that doesn't I mean it doesn't I don't
even I mean what is your anticipation
about that is this just now what it is
we just have this ongoing warned of
occupation of Afghanistan I mean what
what's the PM move meet I think that
we're headed very clearly towards the
u.s. order in Afghanistan collapsing the
Afghan government that propped up after
the invasion is not proven its able to
govern been driven with corruption it's
not been able to exert its authority
