coincidentally weird we're doing this
segment after Easter in many respects I
think there has been a resurrection on
April 16th 2018 I will read from the
preface of Dennis Miller's new column on
Breitbart the column is entitled
methinks and there is a preface from
senior management at Breitbart in fact
we know it's from senior management
because it is entitled note from senior
management and this is italicized so you
know it's true nobody had more respect
and admiration for Dennis Miller than
Andrew Breitbart I believe that I
believe that too I did read that I
believe I would say nobody had respect
and admiration for Dennis Miller other
than that guy was super funny
yeah it was like okay he's the only guy
in Hollywood who's willing to stick up
against those Hollywood elites and
returns my call right
okay one of Andrews great joys was
filling in as a guest host on the Dennis
Miller radio show on Westwood One they
were come and they were connected by
humor insight and the shared belief that
conservative ideas can be advanced
through culture we're excited that
things have come full circle and we
welcome Dennis to Breitbart news there
we go what a great what a great
publication this is and that we don't
have they always say these guys really
know how to uh how to really appeal to
the young people note from senior
management right exactly
young people this is super hip and so
let me just tell you the first piece is
entitled methinks dot dot take down take
a take Trump down or pipe down which is
interesting
dude it's a note from seeing your magic
apparently a comedian I never heard of
was super admired by another guy that I
never heard it both it to rape take
Trump down or pipe down start
impeachment proceedings now and then of
course there's the the the bop-bop-bop
which is just simply understood it's not
actually printed we just did about the
bop-bop-bop is its implicit
bop-bop-bop and proceedings now I ever G
Robinson and of course it hits all of
the points you would imagine in the and
the first piece but it's a great joke in
the first line there's a great
unbelievable wordplay joke he says he
goes in the second year ad get this
after Donald mmm-hmm
now it's weird because actually ad is
actually a thing well ad is actually
thing but it's after death hmm
and so Donald has not died yet it's he's
got a little bit confused with it was
Dennis Miller and Alex Jones both
subconsciously wishing that this happens
it's possible I mean it would make it
all just go away in a clean way but it
does take him almost four paragraphs to
get to Hillary Clinton so good for him
in that instance but now straight
that's restraint and not only is he
roaring back with me thinks on bright by
pop up he also has come out with the new
Miller minute and blessedly yes blessed
Lee Westwood one has given us an
opportunity to sample in fact this one
is called Miller minute sample one
listen to this the Miller minutes with
Dennis Miller wanna talk about T
sometimes referred to as the dignified
breakfast beverage
whereas coffee shreds into your day like
a liquefied Eddie Van Halen guitar solo
a nice cup of tea is far less jarring
think George Harrison's strumming the
opening chords - here comes the Sun sure
times you need the gut-punch that only
coffee can deliver but as a man looks
forward to his dotage you realize you
can only take so many Jake LaMotta
uppercuts before the final bell which
calls for more calming start to the day
sipping an English breakfast tea an Earl
Grey or if you're feeling adventurous a
Darjeeling tea drinking is such a
refined pastime our cousins across the
pond stop everything midday for slow
brewed leafy refreshment and Brits
usually don't drop everything unless
there are rumors of new Megan Marco
beach photos speaking of the beach let's
not forget iced tea is there anything
better on a hot day than a tall glass of
iced tea oh yeah lemonade but how great
is it to pour that lemonade into a half
a glass of fresh brewed iced tea for a
refreshing Arnold Palmer try doing that
with a nice clapping and that is the
minute I don't even I mean seriously
guys he's doing I'm gonna I'm gonna use
my best I'm gonna boil down all my tea
material to just one minute and I'm
gonna lay it all in there I'm gonna
concentrate this baby we're going to
sell it
whoa Wow the don't really remember
darjeeling Darjeeling was the punchline
of that yeah you have to say well the
bit where he talks about how every
single day they stop everything they do
for a bit of tea and then but usually
they don't stop everything they do
except for nudes of Megan Marco or
whatever they're saying what does that
mean I don't even understand that one
what is that who's Megan Marco I think I
know but she's Prince Harry's I think
fianc
you know who Megan Michael is you
 still gods you know it's money
on the head
you know what I think he doesn't know
 bag of modulus she's uh I guess
she is Prince Harry's boyfriend a
girlfriend and you're smart news app
dude
no but here's the thing I do know I do
know her she's marrying Prince Harry
Yeah right that you know why that is
yeah you know why that was so sort of
jarring is that that is a reference to
something that is not 40 years old
everything else in there Jake LaMotta
was a boxer featured in a movie that was
30 years after after Jake LaMotta was a
boxer which was 40 years ago
I think Raging Bull right that was like
in the 80s um no though yeah that was
like I think I might even been 79 that's
a pretty old movie really is it that
Raging Bull I mean maybe now Eddie Van
Halen he on the dot ripping through a
guitar solo I mean we heard that at
least 25 years ago and then who else did
he referenced in there Jake LaMotta Oh
George Harrison yes yes that's from
opening strum of you come to son that's
what the Megan Markel
really threw you off because you could
actually search google and get a hit
within the past 24 hours
never mind like the past four or five
years let's go if you can to miller
minute samples here's this weird thing
wait you want to guess what the topic is
it gonna be for a sample - no it's folly
is it sorts Pali Hill uh Nancy Pelosi as
dumb as illustrated through the original
Batman series I think it's gonna be
something more cultural because if he's
starting with T the next thing so he's
ramping up its gonna be like like I
would say a college campuses airplanes
and play airplanes or problems with cars
I've voted College at the Miller minute
with Dennis Miller want to talk about
movie theaters in a lot of ways the
movie-going experience has been so
vastly improved in recent years it's
hard to complain about ticket prices
that have ballooned like like Leonardo
DiCaprio
there's something to be said for
choosing a luxurious reclining seat so
ticket prices have gone up like Leo
DiCaprio
payments have gone up it's more of a
causal relationship and a metaphor you
paying off the tickets and Depp's making
more money think I've got like things
have gotten expensive around here but I
want to sell to be fair we don't know if
these things were written or just
completely off the cuff like he was
walking down the street so we don't know
how much time went into these yeah you
can't tell sound written at all right
look at prices that have ballooned like
like Leonardo DiCaprio salary there's
something to be said for choosing
luxurious reclining seat before leaving
home and then being offered gluten-free
free-range chicken sliders yet I can't
help but be nostalgic for the days where
you forked over a ten spot for the
broken seat on the end of the aisle
popcorn that tasted indistinguishable
from our second are you also gonna say
like I love how the straw man here there
are probably a dozen theaters in the
country where you could go and order
food there and they are only in like the
places that Dennis Maylor frequents well
that's the art of Dennis Miller he's
just like I'm a Middle America kind of
normal guy and like my other brothers
who just have a hard day's work I'm so
tired of organic gluten-free sliders at
the theater and lesbians holding hands
in front of me and transgender people at
your favorite coffee shops independent
bookstores and high-end car dealerships
just like the average guy in Priora I'm
like the average guy who just has gone
through his day being annoyed with
everything that he does in Malibu yeah
popcorn had tasted it's a great jujubes
Chuck over here comes chuckle here it
comes
one spot for the broken seat on the end
of the aisle popcorn had tasted
indistinguishable from the cardboard it
was served in and a box of Junior Mints
from the Mesozoic era not to mention
your feet stuck to the floor for no
extra charge but one way the movie-going
experience has a temper
does the movies themselves there's a
direct correlation between your ability
to recline and the decline in the
quality of what's on the screen the
worst the movies the nicer the theaters
we're one fast and furious away from
movies projected directly onto the
ceilings of individual private movie
pods like those hotels in Japan when
that happens just stay home and that's
the minute I'm Dennis Miller I like it
when it becomes like the Japs you just
stay home there see
well like those private pods that none
of you have experienced yeah except for
me
no maybe even not him duck in those pods
again and Malibu maybe not even him he
went from like a Malibu film experience
to like oh you mean like some IMAX
theater in Kyoto that even you haven't
been to right yeah or major really
reflect on the frustrations of the white
worker all right so let's what's this
next one is going to be doing private
jet right shouldn't you be doing bits
about wait there's gonna be amazing ride
the private jet yeah like oh dad what's
going on here with this whole thing
where you don't even have to go through
customs on your private jet and then
they get the the one stewardess comes
down there and you're alone and you
can't touch Billy's masseuse on a
private jet anymore let's just get from
the point yeah all right to my guests
again is college campuses I'm going
double or nothing he hasn't done planes
or cars what is it he's sort of a put
it's got to get totally apolitical I
think this is gonna know the movie
theaters total size or or it's gonna be
complaining about the music here we go
the Miller minutes with Dennis Miller
want to talk about onion rings the
redheaded stepchild of side dishes
lacking the cachet of french fries or
the regional popularity of hush puppies
somehow the onion ring still sneaks its
way onto every menu the fact that onion
rings have any degree of popularity is
miraculous when you consider the lack of
culinary value in the onion itself sure
you might slice one up to add to your
burger or an occasional French onion
soup but has anyone in human history
found themselves with a hunger that can
only be satiated by a bulbous albino
tear-inducing
onion the fact that anyone
gabber consciously orders onion rings
has nothing to do with the onion itself
but rather a test gets made puri or Atia
flagged down as a food prep I know
health nuts don't put much stock in the
deep-fryer but we always come back to
deep-frying a process that so improves
the taste of food
well it might even make vegan food
palatable onion rings oh my god
all right can I say this after careful
Dennis I'm missing I'm where is where is
the Pro Iraq invasion xenophobia because
this is really boring I know it's
unbelievable I'm gonna you know what I'm
gonna take on onions today boom my
favorite my favorite line was the
occasional French onion soup onions
onions rarely make them their way into
anything that's cooked that's exempt of
the occasional French onion and you
notice homage dude is like Bill O'Reilly
audience is all it's just like it's like
movie theaters where the laqueer is
going haha vegan foods bland yeah like
that's always trying to keep them looped
in actually almost everything fried is
like vegetable like in that respect yeah
bench fry the onion rings and the old
leg up on the Crisco back off on the
Crisco - all right listen we're only
going to play one more of these because
we want the other three samples because
maybe there'll be more samples that come
in the future but we need to we need to
make sure that we like save those other
three samples all right we got to maybe
download those even all right so the
final Dennis Miller sample of the day
I'm going to just extend my guest
trains car plane x' cars or could be
trains but I don't think he ever has a
chance to get on a train so it wouldn't
ever it's either planes cars and wait
did I say last time vegetables no I'm
actually gonna go out of the box here
I'm going to say some type of like kids
crying in public places and that's it's
a little thing I'm guessing sports
sports could be one I feel like it also
could be something that he gets from a
retail store that isn't like like a bag
like I'm sick of these bags with
right I'm gonna say uber oh who are
these ride-sharing
what about yeah he could do like well
you don't like these know if there was
an uber of the 1990s maybe but I'm
saying over is way to rice and for big
economy yeah yeah here you go the Miller
minutes with Dennis Miller come want to
talk about Toys R Us the retail giant
has announced they will close or sell
all their stores late enough thousands
of employees in the process this has led
to countless reports that this
reinforces how difficult it is for
specialized stores to operate in the age
of online retail and the proliferation
of so-called big-box stores like Walmart
and Costco but when you click past the
headline you realize the toy giant was
nearly 5 billion dollars in debt I don't
care what it posit one second he didn't
write this one that's not exactly what
I'm thinking he there's no way that he
wrote any of these this is no bra no
missus the Ronald Reagan woman is paid
for by a corporation that is equally
underwriting me bop-bop-bop
this is different from the other ones
one of the things is not like the other
darjeeling tea blah Papa Papa versus
like well actually if you really look at
it towards her rose needed to pay back
their creditors
well if here's here's the question
here's the question he is set it up that
there there larded up with debt now the
story of of Toys R Us is actually like a
very very telling story of the
financialization of our economy where
the it was a leveraged buyout where you
have basically hedge funders come in
they borrow money to buy toys r us then
they transfer essentially that debt to
Toys R Us and they as individuals just
get paid out and fees as either
corporate executives board members or
just the fees for basically by doing the
transaction and then Toys R Us is
saddled with this enormous amount of
debt
that was taken out for these guys just
to buy it this is a leveraged buyout
this is what has destroyed many
companies around the country Toys R Us
actually accounted for something like
20% of all toy sales in the country it
could have existed 33,000 people laid
off where do you think he's going with
listening to Sam she never explained the
toys-r-us room is like Rain Man in the
bonbon room and they see that but he
could be he could be actually
criticizing he could be going there no
it's not gonna happen he could be no way
let's see no way let's see retail and
the proliferation of so-called big box
stores like Walmart and Costco but when
you click past the headline you realize
the toy giant was nearly 5 billion
dollars in debt and I don't care what
you're selling at some point when you're
that far in the red there's no amount of
tickle me and space
Elmo's that can take your business into
the future it's time to grow up there
will be no more Toys R Us kids
personally I think that they were done
in by their disregard for the English
language the back words are always
struck me as irresponsible when your
core customers and young children but
also the grammatical error in the name
of the store which should have always
been we are toys and that is the minute
I'm Dennis Miller oh he thinks saying
Elmo in space is updating the Elmo
reference now now the guy who wrote that
one I mean this was like you know the
first three were by the same writer it
seems to me that fourth one it was
Dennis Miller like I'm gonna do
something a little bit hard-hitting I
mean must like that idea of like fiscal
discipline but boy he went down that
road about if you click past the
headlines then you just see one number
and then we just go back to making fun
of the grammatical error involved in
that and then if you click past the
headlines you'll see the waiter spat
that every lead graph on that story used
right it wasn't a single story on Toys R
Us that didn't begin with its losses
right if you cut real real dig work
there if you click past the headline
you'll see the sub heaven
which says how much they were in debt he
never said he doesn't say click past the
headlines like you know he doesn't know
click means no the first half of
somebody else the second half where it's
like the Spelling's weird saying that's
him
