as we speak I believe Gena Haspel is
still in front of the Senate
Intelligence Committee
Gena Haspel as you know was and it's
been reported The Daily Beast continues
to stand behind this reporting Pro
Publica backed off at just a little bit
but she oversaw a black site in Thailand
where there was multiple people tortured
and yesterday Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who
I do not believe was ever at that black
site but may have been somewhere else
apparently via his lawyer wants to
submit a six-page statement that has
direct bearing on onjena Haspel I but
nobody knows what it is they're going
through a lawyer right now
Mohammed was held in black sites in
Afghanistan and Poland he was subjected
to the to waterboarding 183 times over
15 sessions he was stripped naked doused
with water slapped slam into a wall
given rectal rehydration 'he's without
medical need shackled into stress
positions and sleep-deprived for about a
week by being forced to stand with his
hands chained above his head he is
requested to provide unspecified
information to the Intelligence
Committee I don't know if we'll ever
know what that is but the committee
started out with folks from code pink
protesting here is a clip of that now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah so a lot of those code pink folks
reminding some of the senators hopefully
that you don't want to reward torture
which is almost laughable at this point
but let's go in and listen to it one of
the things the hospital also was
intimately involved was was that she was
she drafted the cable by her boss
Rodriguez I think it's last name was I
think it was Frank Rodriguez issued to
destroy the video evidence of their
torture and here is a chairman burr
Raymond Burr asking is a Raymond Burr no
Richard Burr Richard Burr Raymond Burr
was an actor a Richard Burr asking a
hospital about those torture tapes
director destruction of the detainee
interrogation videotapes can you
describe for members your role in those
events senator yes I can in 2005 I
believe it was fall of 2005 I was chief
of staff to the deputy director for
operations at his head of the
clandestine service the tape issue had
lingered at CIA for a period of about
three years I believe the tapes were
made in 2002 and over time there was a
great deal of concern about the security
risk posed to CIA officers who were
depicted on the tapes those security
issues centered on the threat from
al-qaeda should those tapes be
irresponsibly leaked
mr. Rodriguez who was the d-do at the
time of the deputy director for
operations has been very upfront and has
made it clear on a number of occasions
publicly that he and he alone made the
decision to destroy the tapes - I would
also make it clear that I did not appear
on the tapes as has been
mischaracterized in the press
however as chief of staff and I believe
like everyone at the agency at that time
we were extremely concerned about the
security risk that was posed to our
officers we were aiming to do two things
to adhere to US law but at the same time
reach a resolution that would protect
our officers there were numerous legal
consultations over a period of years at
the agency
our lawyers were very consistent in
saying to us that there was no legal
requirement to retain the tapes no legal
impediment to disposing of the tapes I'm
not a lawyer but I believe the basis for
that judgment was the fact that there
was a complete and written detailed
record of the interrogations all right
this is incredibly disingenuous first
off she's both wanting or cake and
eating it too right well I had no part
in the decision there was a one person
who made this decision it was Jose
Rodriguez he was the head of the
clandestine services no one else
involved in this but we all shared the
same feeling in in terms of the
rationale behind it which of course is
irrelevant if she had no part in it
whatsoever and the idea that there was
no legal impediment to it is dubious at
best they didn't follow any of the
standard procedures when they destroyed
these tapes which is when she drafted
that memo the standard procedure would
have been to inform CIA lawyers that
that memo was going out they should have
been cc'd on it they never were on that
memo that called for the
the tapes that basically ordered the
cable of their destruction and in
addition to having lawyers for Mousawi
asking for those tapes starting in 2003
for ongoing for at least two years
before they destroyed them
there was also request from the Senate
Judiciary Committee to get those tapes
multiple times there was also a judge
who was pushing for the release of those
tapes in the trial of Mousawi the DOJ
lied to the court saying that the CIA
didn't have those tapes or had been lied
to by the CIA the ACLU had a coil
request that was in and a federal court
order that was ordering the the CIA to
turn over those tapes and so they were
well aware of what was going on and here
is Mark Warner hammering home that point
that it is beyond credulity that Gena
Haspel was not aware that there was at
the very least a congressional action
that was going to compel them to hand
over those tapes
I recognize the vice chairman Thank You
mr. chairman I want to follow up on the
question around the tapes miss Haspel
November 4th of 2005 senator then
senator Levin introduced legislation to
create a commission model on the 9/11
Commission to look into the agency's
treatment of detainees three days later
you drafted the cable four days later
the tapes were destroyed were you aware
of senator Levin's actions and the
timing seems
very close to acting on behalf of
potential congressional action and in
mr. morels statements there was comments
that that you're superior mr. Rodriguez
was aware that two White House counsel's
the counsel of the vice president the
DNI and the D CIA and the hypsi ranking
member had all expressed opposition or
reservations about destruction of the
tapes so were you aware of those facts
that mr. Rodriguez was at least aware of
and were you aware of the actions of
senator Levin when you drafted your memo
and then had the tapes destroyed senator
Warner what I recall were the security
issues surrounding the tapes
I don't recall pending legislation I
just don't recall about the issue of
posit the idea that she would not be
aware of pending legislation involving
those tapes is so impossible to even
entertain has to be a joke and the idea
that it wasn't burned in her mind that
man we got away with it we were able to
get those tapes destroyed just maybe
weeks I feel like if Chile was
considering some sort of secrecy changed
they the CIA would know about it's a lot
of America of course if Namibia was I
mean and this has also been a top
priority of the CIA to deal with the
fallout of all of these things over the
course of all of these administrations
let's reverse engineer this if her boss
can order those tapes destroyed then her
boss is intimately involved in the
making of those tapes and if her boss is
intimately involved in the making of
those torture tapes the idea that she
would not be completely aware of
legislation that implicates those
torture tapes is just at this point this
is when every senator should get up and
walk out and go like if you're not gonna
be honest with us we're not gonna waste
our time no no we were trying to create
out of space but we continued in the
tapes I don't recall
pending legislation I just don't recall
it about the issue of all of the white
the council's the council the vice
president DNI hips in ranking member the
fact there was senator I don't know if I
was aware of all of those but I knew
there were there was disagreement about
the issue of the tapes outside the
agency and that is why we were working
toward a meeting with the then director
to talk about those issues and how we
address those concerns of people outside
the agency so I was working toward
resolution within a process with that
overhang I know other members raised
this and then we destroyed timing seems
I hope I can get some more clarity on
the timing yeah we were working towards
a process to resolve it and then we
realized let's just burn the tapes like
why who make this this is complicated
James just get rid of these lumps we can
do that so she acknowledges there was
something going forward and so the
argument really is just like I was just
following orders of my boss should dub
her entire testimony with Richard Nixon
voice exactly we have one more clip from
this hearing and we'll probably have
more over the next couple of days from
this is Gina Hass Bowl hearing but here
is Warner asking Haspel if torture is
consistent with American values and is
this where she promises we're not going
to torture again in the future you know
what have been a great question are you
going to render people to other
countries where torture is legal oh
whoops
good I wanna make sure I take my time
though and I I heard your statement
about the fact that if you're confirmed
there will never be an interrogation
program under your leadership and you
address the issue of the fact that it is
against the law question I have with the
benefit of hindsight do you believe the
program in terms of the interrogation
program was consistent with American
values senator is we sit here today and
with some distance between us and the
events of nine
11 the Congress and indeed our nation
have had an opportunity to have a debate
about the interrogation standards we
want to use as the United States of
America we have decided to hold
ourselves to a stricter moral standard
for DoD that is defined in the Army
Field Manual I support the United States
holding itself to that stricter moral
standard and I support the Army Field
Manual but miss has felt that is all
right positive here for one second we're
gonna go back I want to go play that
back because here's the thing the debate
about torture did not start in 2002 or
2003 or 5 or 11 or 12 or whenever the
debate about torture was pretty much
settled you know some time around the
Geneva Conventions probably prior to
that certainly in terms of domestic law
it was settled in this country in 1993
so the idea that she is now qualifying
her answer by saying well now that we
have some some distant proximity to 9/11
I can say with complete confidence now
of course if we get closer to another
9/11 maybe that'll change but the idea
that we have debated torture and have
come to a sort of a unique or different
resolution than we had on on on
September 10 2001 is a complete and
total lie Hey it was the aughts who
among us didn't run a secret torture
program it's true those were crazy times
the black sites depraved time also
remember oh remember when I joked about
how you guys are being sexist for
criticizing Hospital
well the GOP did take it there well
let's let's finish this this footage
first senator is we sit here today and
with some distance between us and the
events of 9/11
the Congress and indeed our nation have
had an opportunity to have a debate
about the interrogation standards we
want to use as the United States of
America we have decided to hold
ourselves to a stricter moral standard
for DoD that is defined in the Army
Field Manual I support the United States
holding itself to that stricter moral
standard and I support the Army Field
Manual but miss asphalt that is
answering on a legalistic we're asking
you to take on a position I understand
with RTI you were downstream not part of
the policy-making but if you're
entrusted with this responsibility we
need I need to get at least a good a
sense of what your moral code says about
those kind of actions because there is
the potential that this president could
ask you to do something he obviously
believes and these procedures but even
if he asks you to do something that is
not directly related to detention
interrogation but if he asks you to do
something that you believe is morally
questionable even if there is an OLC
opinion that aspect gives you a
get-out-of-jail-free card what will you
do in that action when you are the
director of the CIA senator my father's
watching today he served 33 years in the
Air Force my parents gave me a very
strong moral compass I the higher moral
standard that this country has decided
to hold itself to I was it for one
second the the this country decided to
hold to ourselves to this moral standard
65 70 years ago at a minimum and she
drafted that letter she participated at
the very least in the program after she
became the head of that black site this
is just such out-and-out lies also she's
being the opposite of legalistic I mean
Warner said you're giving a legalistic
answer no she literally just said I
support the normative choice to hold
herself to the standards of obeying the
law
that's literally what she just said and
I would also recommend it's a little you
know it's pretty disgusting but if you
go back and look in the just you know
there's clips available on YouTube of
jose rodriguez bragging about this
program in 2012 right and talking about
the results they got from you know
flying in a doctor from Johns Hopkins to
save a guy's life just so he could be
arrested you know brought back enough so
that they could smack him around and
waterboard him and you know looking at
his own history going back actually in
fact to Latin America in the 1980s like
I wonder about the history and and
practices that where all of these people
come from but that's just even that he
would say like even when he's trying to
grill her like I get you're being
legalistic when it's actually precisely
opposite is I mean I don't know I'm not
expecting anybody in this committee to
even ask the rendition question under
standard that this country has decided
to hold itself to I would never ever
take CIA back to an interrogation
program first of all CIA follows the law
we followed the log then we follow the
law today I support the law I wouldn't
support a change in the law but I'll
tell you this I would not put CIA
officers at risk by asking them to
undertake risky controversial activity
again Wow they decided and then they
undecided and then they changed their
minds you know but they also they told
that they use this against Obama when he
first came in and some of the first
meetings with CIA people they were like
if you don't give us legal cover in
general like we will literally sit on
you know even things that are
non-controversial essentially like we're
holding you hostage to the process of
even beginning to hold us accountable
for anything I will say to the the
reason why Brennan could not become a
head of the CIA until the second term
was because people at least in the
beginning of the term care
slightly torture and that quieted down
quite a bit
I guess down the you know in terms of
like both Democratic senators and and
and sort of Democrats in general but
this is the problem that you have this
is the problem that you know I think
people at that time also said you know
it's one thing you trust Barack Obama
but what if like a guy like Donald Trump
became president that we weren't even
saying that we would say like you know
what about some real lunatic like I
don't know name some idiot Republican
senators yeah can you imagine oh hey
guys
torture aside it's time for some girl
power in the CIA as per the official GOP
Twitter account here you go this is uh
Jamie wrote up some stuff for the CIA to
promote Gina Haskell it's time for some
girl power in the CIA what else we got
can we go back
no Gina hospital can help fix the CIA's
gender problem yeah cuz part of their
torture regime to is also to basically
squeeze the the testicles of prisoners
until they fall off I guess maybe that's
the yeah take take someone with a lot of
girl power to do that no that actually
was part of it they were they liked
women administering beatings and
desecrating the Quran because it added
the delay that's sure it they'd love
playing that on the torture program when
I made that joke I knew it was gonna be
about a few days before that happened
for real so thank you GOP
