back in when was this January 25th I was
on Chris Hayes program and we were
talking about Don McGann but for I guess
it had been a couple of months since the
stormy Daniels story had come out maybe
a month right I think like two or three
weeks maybe Oh two or three weeks okay
so the stormy Daniels came out and he
came out like following Steve bannon's
ejection from the White House and to me
I found the whole story sort of puzzling
because who really cares that Donald
Trump had an affair with with anybody at
this point why would that resonate in
any way and I think subsequent to this
appearance on Hayes I it occurred to me
that maybe this was really about the a
prenup that Trump had with Melania and
that proof of it would cost him a lot of
money there must be some standard in
this in this prenup but in terms of
hurting the Trump administration this
was my theory in January as to why we
knew this information a year and a half
after the event happened and at a time
where it was really largely irrelevant
there's a lot of things that are coming
out that are old news right over the
past couple of weeks since Steve Bannon
has been basically cut adrift the stormy
danielson you seem to have a theory
well look there's a period interest to
the this stormy Daniels thing but there
were 11,000 LLC's that were established
on the day that the one that paid off
stormy Daniels said somebody tipped
those reporters off and why they got
this tip oh that's a good point you're
not you you can't just go extort through
the paper were looking for straight
points great man so someone tall
them and someone told them about
something that happened a month before
the election where there was already
plenty of evidence of this relationship
from an interview from years before
right so there's something that's still
out there that is associated with that
payment that someone it was in someone's
interest to have the press report that
and and and it turns out that that LLC
that was formed in Delaware on that day
was not just about paying off a stormy
Daniels but ended up being some type of
like large conduit for a lot of money
it's a business here it is here is a
Cohen's LLC can you can you expand that
again all right so you have Michael
Cohen at the in October of 26 October 26
to 2016 he has to loan himself money
because this entity has no money he has
to get a home equity to pay stormy
Daniels and with but within two months
right October 26 to January of 2017
money starts flowing in first from
Columbus Nova which apparently is the
American agent if you will for a Russian
oligarchs hedge fund investing guys then
money starts pouring in and starts
flowing out towards Keith Davidson who
is an attorney right is that the the
city National Bank
this is all flowing through essential
consultants LLC oh definitely seems a
super-sized by November of 2017 Korea
aerospace industries pays a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars first consulting
is a big deal they're on the verge of
some type of like a thirteen billion
dollar deal I think with the the
American government just they've you
know stuff happens then Novartis
I wouldn't be tween October of 2017
right that's like a year after he had to
borrow money to pay off the stormy
Daniels and January of 2018 so over the
course of two months pays him four
hundred thousand dollars incidentally
and no Varis I think has also been
charged with bribing trying to bribe
Greek officials they're a Swiss drug
manufacturer when in Rome
AT&T waited sir I think it actually
turns out that Novartis it ended up
being 1.2 million
oh really there was another payment the
Swiss drug company Novartis revealed
Wednesday that special counsel robert
muller had contacted the company last
year about payments it made to michael
cohen president Trump's longtime
personal attorney and they're basically
saying like we paid him point 1.2
million and then you know he just really
Mady he just really wasn't uh oh no he
just like yeah he just just didn't
actually have the skill set till we
thought he had yeah exactly
AT&T gave him a couple hundred grand to
get and this is what they said to gain
insights into the thinking of the
administration certainly a lot of
thinking going uh-oh there's a lot of me
you have a what a merger deep thinking
so this is oh it reminds me of the what
is it the Time Warner scumbag who is
just like it's the Democrats trying to
limit my campaign contributions there's
the real threat to democracy anyways
there's this : guy out in this some
taxicab office a queen apparently he'll
just grease everything over for us a lot
more simple than standard Washington K
Street corruption I love this all right
now we don't have a clip of Michael
avanti who is the lawyer who released
this information now there's a lot of
speculation as to where did he get this
information that is sort of broke open
these stories about Michael Cohen and
the flow of money and there's there's a
lot of speculation about it some people
believe that all this in
formation came specifically from a SARS
report with SARS being suspicious
activity report that are filed by banks
when there's suspicious activity you
have to go so far out of your way to get
a bank to volunteer you file no these
actually happen fairly regularly in fact
this Oh God Eliot Spitzer if you take
$10,000 out oh I see or if you take nine
thousand nine hundred and fifty s that's
what God has start to I don't I think
that is also a god hazard the bank is
required to file a report if money comes
into your pad Frank or is that terrorism
law no this is before this all rider to
that it could be it could be Terry but
this is what Rush Limbaugh got busted on
for his buying of oxycontin well when a
regulations really work nine nine nine
nine
he can't be kept taking out in terms of
cash to pay its cleaning lady apparently
but at least he paid her there's also
there's also those are more sort of like
retail banking things there's other
things that come from corporations when
a certain amount of money goes through I
don't know if it's a hundred thousand or
two hundred thousand or whatever it is
those payments need to be reported the I
think it was Novartis paid like fifty
dollars under like a like ninety nine
thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars
or something and that also triggered
advice
missed it by that model of it I love
that like this so somehow he got ahold
of these stars things but last night on
O'Donnell he was implying wasn't saying
this straight out but he was asking
questions as if the type of questions
you would ask if you felt like you
already had the answer and that you were
gonna maybe be able to provide it in the
future and he was saying the real
question is not the money flowing in to
Cohen's LLC the real question is where
was the money flowing out because he
said if you look at this LLC the
payments that come out of it because
usually on a single person LLC when he
is the own which is Cohen is the only
you know the only member of the
partnership it is a pass-through so
you'll set it up if you're getting paid
from a bunch of different sources you
will establish one of these LLC's or if
you have some other small business you
want to retain some type of of arm's
length in terms of liability for
lawsuits or whatnot you'll establish
these things and usually what happens
you pay yourself out of those you pay
your social security tax you pay both
ends whatever you give yourself a
payroll maybe you give yourself a
dividend at the end of the year or
something like that and that money does
not add up to the amount of money that
came in so the question is who's getting
their cut and avanti was like a B but
you know Donald Trump's the type of guy
doesn't like people trading off his name
without getting a taste right and I feel
like in a day Trump's gonna be like of
course I got a cut because I'm not
stupid I love to do business gonna pay
someone off and not gonna cut yeah I
want or why would you punish success
yeah or Giuliana go Oh Ruth you got it
back of course he got the buddy back
it's perfectly Wiegel okay here is a
Michael Avanti on on George
Stephanopoulos is program this morning
basically saying to Coen hey if there's
nothing nothing no problem here don't
you think it's appropriate that you show
us the bank records Michael Cohen and
the president can clear this up this
morning very easily Michael Cohen should
release the bank statements from this
account this single account from October
of 16 until April of this year so he can
disclose to the American people what
money was received or not received let's
take what's been confirmed though ATT
has confirmed the payments Novartis has
confirmed the impairments that Columbus
Nova has confirmed the appearance
although they said it had nothing to do
with Russia what would what is it
illegal about that Michael Cohen
attorney for the president I'm close to
the president sets us a perm in
Washington DC gives strategic consulting
advice what's wrong with that
well wait a minute we don't know what
advice he was he was giving here's what
we do know each company has given a
different reason for it
Michael Cohen real-estate business
consulting Renaissance mistltein the
list goes on and on Michael nothing
wrong with anyone know maybe there may
in fact be something wrong for the
following reason he's not a registered
lobbyist he hasn't made required
disclosures relating to lobbying
activities depending on the fact or if
he said he wasn't allowed they would
they didn't hire them to lobby what
they're hiring for them did you it's
it's unclear right clearly it's unclear
in fact the more you dig the more
stories we hear from these companies
here's the other problem if he's taking
money from a foreign guy that could pose
a significant legal problem for him as
it relates to taking dollars from
overseas companies etc so we don't know
where this ends but it doesn't smell
right you say you said could right there
will be heard therefrom vekselberg and
from columbus nova is that he did not
have anything to do with the hiring of
michael cohen
this was not his money all right well
any evidence to the contrary yeah we
have significant evidence to the
contrary let me say that we haven't
released all the evidence that we have I
think any claim by Columbus that they
had no ties to Renova that no ties to
the hiring of Michael Cohen
well no but they also tried to claim
last night that they had no ties to
Renova that that they're completely
separate company unaffiliated we know
that's not true I think there's 45 SEC
filings where the two companies are
linked George look something doesn't
smell right and if it's above board and
there's no improper conduct Michael
Cohen should release the bank statements
and the bank records for the American
people to see and if there you go guess
what Michael Cohen's not gonna do ladies
and gentlemen so sue yeah so sue says
who
a lot of times companies will just
randomly find a lower tier Law School
lawyer who represents gangsters and
queens and just say I just like your
energy
why don't you come just do a vision
session with us for a million dollars or
right under the withdraw account for
stars report
god I hate stars both kinds I got an
agent kind and the bank kind the worst
both essential and necessary that's what
your company name should be
says who was it wasn't Cowan was it
Lewandowski that had the Sterling Cooper
LLC yes yes that was that was totally
Lewandowski just like yeah I do it like
Piaf who does feel bad that dode trying
to ask the president a question I'll
freakin dislocate your shoulder even if
you work for Brite by freaking broad
this Cowan these Cohen payments are are
dubious at best
what's amazing is just the way they are
like the system of American corruption
has become so bureaucratized and
elaborate and they're just taking us
back to like the duffel bag era I hope
that we also have an equal amount of
consternation about nerve addis Novartis
and AT&T paying him as a Russian
oligarch I mean here's the thing I would
say more this is this is the this has
been my contention from the be we should
be upset about Russian influence on our
election just as we should be upset
about the influence of any mass entity
on our election that clearly does not
have the American public's interest in
mind and you know this is man I think
every every governmental decision that
has impacted Novartis that Korean
aerospace company or whatever was the
AT&T these should all basically be
investigated immediately immediately let
me ask you this would you as a company
in addition to all the other business we
discussed today have very interest in a
very lucrative u-haul based startup the
borough of Wheat
we got you have hard medallions
and it get my friend and I see no reason
why use as the Korean airspace company
should not be evolved at all aspect of
traffic points yeah right
perhaps you've heard about
diversification very important not to
keep all your eggs in one basket now be
you got this phone business you got this
other like the TV business what about
some type of transportation I mean if
I'm wrong I was reading in the in-flight
magazine that you people have a real
problem of people getting sad over there
jumping off a cliff
why kid not why could that not be apply
to a certain that shall we say insurance
based bottle with a shovel the AT&T
thing really did rihwan tight for the
avenatti on TV because like when people
were talking about this a new Red Scare
it's like well it's not communist this
time it's all a guard yes what is right
how it's amazing yes like rush exactly
Russia Russia is what Republicans want
they'd want a more capitalist mafia
control brett rogue it's an oil mafia
capital state with a religious hierarchy
that enforces far-right social norms
this is what Republicans want it's it's
crazy that's also why it's not
McCarthyism because McCarthyism it seems
to me was founded on the idea of like an
ideologue like you were trying to stamp
out and ideologies people in the State
Department that well I think the
communism not there are people in the
state do with CDs no fart is its scam
LLC's exactly what is the ideology that
you supposedly have if you are
supportive of the Russian government
well actually maybe putinism written in
a sort of if we're really really elastic
with that it's not really any quality
any ideology or it's not only just like
money it's just it's just power yeah
it's just gangster is yeah that's it I
mean some people seem to be a little
confused still a little bit I see people
conflating the
Oh USSR with modern-day Russia all the
time yeah well I mean it's funny though
like both alarmists and defenders and
they're both just wrong weird
pretty weird guys all right well it's
very weird time folks
we went late we had a lot of news to
catch up on we still have a lot of stuff
to talk about actually stuff Navin Adi
keeps justifying his overexposure though
I have more AT&T stuff I haven't had
yeah more AT&T stuff that dude he knows
how to drip it though like he's good at
this oh my god really good at this I
want that guy to represent me I just
need to figure out who to sue that's
probably Trump's ticket I'm going to sue
everyone to everyone you're all gonna be
sued folks
