[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we came out of the monologue Oh summit
with very high hopes
[Music]
there's all coated
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex so much our day report with sam
cedar it is Tuesday October 9th 2018 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today deputy
editor of New York magazine David
Wallace wells on the latest IPCC report
and how the end of the world has become
old news meanwhile nikki Haley resigns
no one knows why Brett Kavanaugh AHS
regime begins on the Supreme Court as
Blasi Ford still in hiding sympathies of
course to Brett Kavanaugh massive data
breach shudders Google+ and Trump's
enormous money laundering and tax scams
revealed yet again question remains why
has it taken so long bless you
meanwhile the Trump administration
pretending to be concerned about a
missing Saudi journalist and Florida
braces for hurricane Michael it is the
last day to register in 15 states in the
country if somehow you are not
registered to vote at this point don't
be an idiot go register to vote I hope
that was gentle enough Taylor Swift has
broken conservative hearts and surged
voter registration yeah and burning on a
massive midterm tour 21 states all this
and more on today's program ladies and
gentlemen it is Tuesday thank you for
the kind a male's about about the
interview yesterday I'm glad folks liked
it Carol Anderson is a fascinating
writer and I think you know particularly
in this year again you know I said this
yesterday but there's two dynamics to
Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court
would you not say that he's the only
person like this but he is the final
piece in the puzzle and that is
basically diminishing the rights of I
don't want to say the marginalize
because it's actually sort of a little
bit larger a segment of the population
than that but of a significant number of
or you know broadly speaking the you
know half the country in one form or
another and then increasing the rights
of corporations it comes up even today
in the context of our the interview will
do about this IPCC report
red Cavanaugh mm-hmm and then I'll touch
on this with David Wallace wells but
Brett Kavanaugh
wrote the opinion in a case as to the
EPA's ability to regulate hydro
fluorocarbons I think it is in the
context of of global warming and
understand you know we've talked about
this in the past but this is really
important is where the Chevron doctrine
comes in when Congress writes a statute
they don't necessarily know the science
behind I'm talking in the context of the
EPA they don't necessarily know the
science behind it maybe science doesn't
even know all the science behind it yet
but broadly it says the EPA can regulate
any substance it deems to have
implications on the health of
individuals I'm I'm painting with a
broad brush but this is just to
illustrate now maybe at the time that
they're writing this law they don't know
that hydro fluorocarbons are implicated
in global warming and at the time the
statute in' those chemicals are not a
threat to human life human existence so
the agency needs to have some latitude
to make those determinations to be aware
of new science etc etc well Brett
Kavanaugh said no that's an overreach
that was the Chevron doctrine
incidentally that the courts are to
defer to the agency's expertise Brett
Kavanaugh said no that case was appealed
from the DC Circuit the second most
important court in the land and the
Supreme Court
acted a bid to review that Cavanaugh
authored appeals court ruling just this
morning so now that needs four justices
to certify something to be taking a look
it's unclear to me who looked at it it
doesn't necessarily mean that all four
liberal justices rejected it or they may
have just decided like we don't want
this to come up right now but this is
just an indication of where we're headed
this is just the beginning folks and
we'll talk more about that as we go in
the meantime we've lost another one
folks nikki Haley has resigned from the
Trump administration as UN Ambassador
and it is unclear at this point why she
has there is reporting that this is an
indication that Pompey and Bolton have
won the day
it may mean she's not belligerent enough
at the UN hard to believe she disagreed
with them in regards to how many
refugees we should let into this country
I certainly don't want to make it seem
like she's in a reasonable individual
it's just that she's in a room with some
full-on lunatics and so it makes her
look slightly better although she the
ease in which she lies and the weirdness
in which she expresses she identifies
herself as a little bit strange here she
is speaking to the press in announcing
her resignation sitting next to Donald
Trump it has been an honor of a lifetime
I you know I said I am
such a lucky girl to have been able to
leave the state that raised logic now I
find that if I would to refer to a 45
some odd year old woman who is the
ambassador to the United Nations as a
girl she's a lucky girl I mean honestly
this is just it's just bizarre
that's what daddy Trump likes she's
being folksy I guess so come sit on my
lap is it really are you really too much
I guess in in in in the wake of what
went on with Kavanagh you don't want to
get too pushy right call yourself fur to
yourself as a woman I mean can you
imagine if a 45 year old man was
resigning from the UN and saying I have
always found myself to be such a lucky
boy you know what actually I can really
I've moved the large sons concepts him I
am NOT large adult sons so it's
basically like the Trump boys they're
their adult men but they don't have any
sense of responsibility so Cavanaugh was
being a bit of a large son I see it's
kind of a saying he said we'll go to his
his acceptance speech and to say I'm one
of the luckiest boys in the world it's
kind of the same principle by which a 12
year old black kid is a terrifying
criminal who deserves to be killed on
sight
while a 60 year old white man is just
you know he's he's just a boy I just
don't blame him for anything I that may
be the case that in his mind but I just
don't think that they would refer to
themselves as a boy but continued it has
been an honor of a lifetime
I know I said I am such a lucky girl to
have been our
to lead the state that raised me and to
serve a country I love so very much has
really been a blessing and I want to
thank you for that but a most excited
look at the two years look at what has
happened in two years with the United
States on foreign policy now the United
States is respected countries may not
like what we do but they respect what we
do yeah about that I'm not sure if the
ambassador to the UN was at the UN I
guess it was about a week and a half ago
because if she was she might have seen
this in less than two years my
administration has accomplished more
than almost any Administration in the
history of our country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay yes you can see the teeming respect
that they have for our country now oh
and also you may have heard that a an
American resident a Saudi journalist was
just killed in an Istanbul embassy Saudi
embassy because they have so much
respect for us and then of course the
Chinese basically kidnapped the head of
Interpol because of the tremendous
respect that in which we are held and
then around the country of course I'm
sure you've seen the polling where if
you measure that as a sign of respect it
is at an all-time low but the bottom
line is the this country is our capacity
to exercise soft power so been so
greatly diminished and that is really
scary because our hard power we still
quite are quite confident about it
and that's where we'll end up going when
we don't get our way yeah the world
respects us the way you respect a
five-year-old who's gotten its hands on
a gun you know just like a really cool
guy that you respect right exactly of
course so Nikki hailey leaving some
people are speculating that perhaps
she's anticipating Lindsey Graham going
to Attorney General and then getting
appointed senator from South Carolina
serving for six years perhaps and then
running for president in 2024 who knows
but I don't think we're gonna be so
lucky
for her to move on to a corporate job we
may not be the lucky boys and girls that
she is and we may see her in
in the future in our politics all right
oh I should tell you this too one of the
most important things we do for our
health every day is brushing our teeth
yet most of us don't do it properly quip
is a better electric toothbrush created
by dentist and designers quip was
designed to make brushing your teeth
more simple affordable and even
enjoyable look folks the key to an
electric toothbrush here's the dirty
little secret the key to an electric
toothbrush is to use it every day that's
what I love about quip has sensitive
sonic vibrations gentle on your
sensitive gums it's got the built-in
two-minute timer pulses every 30 seconds
to remind you when to switch front top
back top front top bottom back bottom
that's the way you go folks
I mean you can really do it anyway it
doesn't matter but here's the here's the
key it doesn't require a clunky charger
it runs for three months on one charge
comes with a multi-use cover that mounts
to your mirror for a less cluttered sink
space so here's the bottom line it's not
sitting in your room charging and you
gotta bring it to the bathroom you could
travel with it so you don't get out of
the habit of using it and that's the key
you got to use your electric toothbrush
quip is one of the first electric
toothbrushes accepted by the American
Dental Association
I tried when I was in Vegas what did I
have with me my quip I didn't because
you can't possibly fit another electric
toothbrush in there and it's stylish
quip has backed over - it's been backed
by over twenty thousand dental
professionals starts at just 25 bucks
and if you go to get quip dot-com slash
majority right now you'll get your first
refill pack with a free free with equip
electric toothbrush every three months
they send you a new toothbrush head
which is what you got to do
it's the other thing you don't want to
be using a bunch of mush on the end of
your toothbrush Matt that's your first
refill pack free at get quip
that's GE t qu IP dot-com / majority do
it now alright gonna take quick break
when we come back the deputy editor of
New York magazine David Wallace wells on
the latest IPCC report
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone its pleasure to
welcome to the program the deputy editor
of New York magazine David Wallace wells
on well on the the latest IPCC report
but let's just start by but with this
David I mean I think people a lot of
people I don't want to say most people
unfortunately but a lot of people very
aware of your piece from last year in
July of 2017 the uninhabitable earth I
think there's even Wikipedia paid about
your piece muttering and well I mean you
know I mean it's it it's important and
it's and I want to talk about some
subsequent pieces you've written about
sort of the the you know the the lack of
attention it gets but you basically
walked through I think it was you know
close to ten maybe more sort of elements
nine I think it was of of what we can
anticipate sometime in the future not
that far off and apparently as of a
couple of days ago it was reported that
it's gonna be a lot quicker than we had
anticipated but but go through some of
these sort of like you know just to go
over your piece just a little bit some
of those elements which we can
anticipate you know that range from
doomsday when you talk about the and
then heat death and so on like what are
the ones that you think Americans are
going to have to deal with the most well
the first thing I should say is that
that piece was sort of systematically
focused on worst-case scenarios so it's
a bit scarier than I think we're likely
to see over the next couple of decades
but that's not to say that any of these
are not worth worrying about they're all
absolutely terrifying and in fact which
we can talk about later
I think considerably scarier than that
even the new IPCC report suggests but
yeah I mean I you know I think the
the the public has been generally sort
of trained by scientists and and science
journalists over the last couple of
decades to really think about climate
change in terms of sea level rise and
the truth is that the impacts are so
much bigger than that there's literally
not a person on the earth in 2050 who
won't be affected by climate change in
one form or another and it's you know we
all live in climate and the fact that
it's being deformed will deform all of
our lives too so you know there are a
lot of elements of that there's you know
direct heat effects which are not going
to hit so hard in the US but in other
parts of the world so that by 2050 many
of the biggest cities in India will be
literally lethally hot in the summer you
won't be able to go outside and walk
around without dying they're a huge
agricultural impact so for every degree
of warming grain yields grain is the
biggest component of human diet grain
yields declined by between 10 and 20
percent so we're talking about a world
that's 3 or 4 degrees warmer we could
have you know 30 to 80 percent less
grain to feed the world and the world
will have more people to eat that grain
in you know by the end of the century
but the things that to me sort of sum up
the whole problem are ones that we don't
really talk about much at all which are
only beginning to be studied by the
academics who work on this stuff and
those are the economic impacts and the
effects on conflict so the researchers
who who are really looking at this
closely now think that um if we don't do
anything about climate change if we stay
on the track that we're on now the
emissions track that we're on now by the
end of the 21st century global GDP will
be more than 30 percent lower than it
would be without climate change there
will be in terms of conflict you know
the relationship with war is a little
complicated it has to do with a lot of
these other impacts it has to do with
you know droughts that produce famines
and has to do with public health issues
and all that kind of stuff but in
general a world that's say 3 or 4
degrees warmer will have as much as half
again as many war
as we have today and those are two of
the metrics I think people haven't
really thought much about but they also
serve to sort of encompass all of the
other problems they you know the costs
of extreme weather are reflected in
those economic projections and the costs
of wildfires are you knowing
encapsulated in this projection so I
think we're starting to wake up to some
of the some of the impacts beyond
sea-level rise but we haven't really
thought about just how traumatic those
impacts are going to be the irony of
course in terms of the u.s. to the
extent that there's been any agency that
has looked at the concept of
destabilization around the globe as a
function of climate changes the Pentagon
right I mean they're the only ones there
as far as I last remember I mean I don't
know if they're allowed to even say this
anymore
frankly but that climate change was one
of the greatest that's threats to
national security yeah and that is you
know that has so many different
components to it I mean just to start
with literally every Navy base in the
world will be underwater in a couple of
decades so that entire branch of the
military well at the very least have to
completely rebuild its infrastructure
from scratch that's also true of a lot
of Air Force bases and but beyond that
you know the whole map of the world is
is going to change the Arctic is opening
up there already tankers that are now
traveling through the Arctic on that
territory is going to be disputed and
particularly if we see a kind of revived
conflict with Russia which we seem
likely to see over the next decade or
two and there is a natural sort of IRL
you know component to that and that
we're going to be fighting over control
of the Arctic our conflict with China
which is likely to also get worse over
the next couple of decades is going to
play out in part over the South China
Sea where there are a number of islands
some of which the u.s. currently
controls or has sort of military
relationships with which are going to
sink and where the Chinese are already
building a number of artificial islands
which are designed among other things to
endure in a world with dramatic sea
level rise on top of all that you know
it's a guest up for debate exactly how
much the world the US will continue to
be the world's policeman in 20 or 30 or
50 years but to the extent that the
military is doing the planning for that
at you know they're planning for a world
with as I said as many as half again as
many wars and a lot of people think that
the conflicts that we've seen over the
last couple of decades in the Middle
East have a lot to do with warming
that's the part of the world that's been
hit hardest by the warming that's
already gone on and there are some
really incredible studies showing you
know down to like the month that heat
waves and droughts and and other climate
shocks are responsible for a huge
portion of the ethnic strife in the in
the Middle East so we're in some ways
we're already starting to see a world
that is made more violent and rival risk
by climate change but as the Pentagon
knows that's you know that's going to
get worse as the planet gets warmer some
have speculated or theorized that in
Syria climate change impacted grain
production and the Assad had sold off a
bunch of their stores of grain and the
prices of the grain also implicated you
know some of the the turmoil there but I
mean putting that aside for a moment
let's let's turn to the IPCC the this
latest update give us a sense of what
that update was I mean it it sort of
dropped like like a bomb and what how
much well characterized it for us and
