you know there's problem of the middle
places and also some of the other
difficulties over there Perry the last
three years and I think the maybe make
the suggestion to loot utilize some of
those brains and talent to the maximum
is helpful again
having watched it a little bit last
three years I think that have those
people involved and make sure that I
again be frank about it I based on my
two meetings in the National Security
Council meeting I thought that there was
too much which I said to Bob McNamara
this it was too much emphasis really on
the military aspect of it today
I would think that will never be won
militarily doing what needs to be done
politically in that country and whether
it's setting up an organization each one
of those counties politically and what
needs and what the definite have to be
taken that may have dropping a bomb
someplace there's plenty more playing
there the people of Celtic as you point
out frequently but which I
military the agree we do all Dylan as
the counsel to the problem we've had
their courage adventure diplomatic
adventurous political programs
I have beatboxer parse say let's take to
what we used to call old military
government after war we have to take the
whole mayor's conference put them out
there and these provinces give them a
civilian leadership
we're going to have a meeting early next
week
now welcome to the post game patrons
welcome to the new patrons that just
became patrons one love thank you so
much we got our 666 right yeah I believe
that was you guys are the best
my favorite number Sam thank you so much
there's some symbolism there
I'm clean-shaven I look exactly like
some type of like evil European lawyer
who does represent some type of like
pharma cartel it's a front for Satan's
new plan or something some bad horror
movie
I just triggered a woman of color
welcome to close game
that's a premium content baby how are
you doing Bri I'm doing wonderfully
thank you for being here it's my
pleasure thank you for being crew it's
an honor i I know no you need it to be
when you came on last time I remember
thinking like alright
she needs to join the rotation I am
happy to be a part of this no it's
really it's and you're right like people
need to read your writing
I feel like you said that right that's
the point I'm at disagree with you know
you're pretty right everybody should
love everything you do I thought you
just said value the most important
intellectual under 35 in America was
true from your perspective 3 I thought
what you said about how you would clean
up everyone from tonic easy quotes Noam
Chomsky that Angela Davis could even
walk in your shoes was true from your
perspective I won't actually repeat the
stuff you said about jewelry you know
she somebody said something T you know T
Rollins I was hanging out with him
yesterday and I will actually heat I'm
gonna wit he said that now I can start
using his real name but I don't like
he's gonna need to do that before ok
that right but he somehow joy Reid came
up and he said something and I'm funnily
enough like I I don't
temperamental II like I don't I don't
necessarily get that pissed off by
people in that way like
I don't I know do a lot of Twitter drama
I don't I think like my pose is more
like kind of lit and whatever your
 I didn't want to be the
one to say I thought that what you said
about how I was too cool was a beautiful
thing to say and I thank you so no but
he I forget what it was but he said
something that I read said I was like
that woman is a monster
yeah lay into her and she's like okay so
there's this power out there that is
identity politics and to be a black
woman means that you are like the
Empress if identity politics if that's
what you want like the world just like
offers you complete carte blanche to
have all the opinions and to never be
criticized now I'm conflicted it
benefits me but it's insane because as
another black woman it ends up being in
this like insane clash where it's like
the the insanity of pretending the
identity means you're always right is
completely disrupted by the presence of
someone who shares your identity and it
disagrees with you so I'm constantly
going up against enjoy and read because
she has a habit of blocking everyone who
disagrees with her I'm particularly
blocking all leftists of color right and
here I come and for some reason she has
not blocked me yet and she's blocked to
everybody else in my Twitter circle and
I'd like to think that it's because
there's a sliver of a chance that I'll
get to go one on one black woman a black
woman against what would be your thought
process if you got that call from like
her producer saying hey you can come on
this Sunday well what would be the first
things that run through your head what's
my hair washing schedule yeah see see
Matt you clearly haven't spent as much
time woman hi I would obviously go in a
heartbeat
of course it'll heart be horse I have
nothing to lose
nobody no you're not no but I mean I
know and I'm not saying that just to be
like you're definitely not nobody but no
no I know I think it's a very unique
position to be in to be like your first
of all all of us who are building
platforms based on direct relationships
with the people that support us it
incentivizes a radically different sense
of responsibility in my view and I think
that were were quote-unquote nobody in
the sense of like the that
people bring like oh I'm not MSNBC and I
have to worry about this and I have to
worry about that and I have to be Squad
unquote serious and I have to pretend to
respect some you know some general that
orchestrated a torture camp but now he's
on to say that Trump is uncivil and I
have to sit there with a profound face
like this is an incredible thing that
he's saying but then at the same time I
I think that no like actually like we
are afforded platforms we do have
followings people are watching and
reading and listening and that puts us
in a very distinct position of like you
can't just like even when people like
that try to pull that rank kind of thing
it's like mmm no like not in this media
environment I'm not saying it's the same
thing like of course to have it Sunday
show on cable is bigger but it's not
that many ticks off yeah I'm also like
that's a platform that's dying and this
is a platform that's growing and you
have a real responsibility to people
that you know I'm not suggesting I don't
know what it would be but like I know
that someone like Joey Reid has built up
the trust and the prestige to have a
network pay her a lot of money to be on
I don't know that she's I mean the honor
that I feel to have you know 666
whatever the curt like
656 666
well hopefully it's gone up the honor
that I feel that have like people
directly investing in me
to provide them like and everybody who
has that right like that's it that is it
yeah that to me is a is a very different
metric and one that at least for me out
even and honestly outside of my own sort
of self-interest I'm much more
interested in yeah I think I think
that's right um I don't mean to minimize
you know the value of smaller platforms
and I certainly do see I mean already
I've I'm I'm working on an article right
now for like a major publication and the
extent to which they're already kind of
saying all right like I was literally
told I want you to think of the most
kind of mundane way to characterize your
thesis here and restructure the article
so that that's up top like just like
bring it all down yep because I mean
it's it's something to consider like do
you want the exposure of being in this
publication balanced against do you want
to be able to say the thing that
motivated you to write articles to begin
with and I also think as we move into a
media environment and again I'm not I'm
not saying that like of course there's
still things that are bigger than other
things obviously but with like there are
not these sort of like massive
agreed-upon media products anymore right
like like their thing everything is
clipped audiences on cable are much
smaller people are watching all these
premium channels and you can run into a
lot of people who like they personally
curate like I like you know like say
someone's they have something from HBO
they watch and then they listen to like
a particular podcast and they read a
particular author and know and that may
have nothing to do with you know they
could be equally big as fans of you know
like you and I don't John Oliver
whatever just picking like oh probably
not him but but you know what I mean
like it's because and so I I think as
that environment continues to evolve and
it's only gonna go in that direction
with all of the trends we see with
downsizing and lower audiences and the
internet and social media and all these
cliches that are actually true I think
it I think the kind of that type of like
pulling rank like it's always been abut
it starts to become even just actually
like less just less and less credible
because it's a goal actually because I
really would be curious with some people
I really would be interested like if joy
Reid went off air like where would they
be I mean some of these people who
become totally obscure yeah I mean I
will say that I think that Twitter is
this weird democratizing force where I
mean even if she went off the air she
would still have however many hundreds
or thousands of Twitter crawlers she has
sure and some degree of influence there
regardless but the flip side of that is
there are people who are not J and Reid
and who doesn't have that platform who
have also managed to garner hundreds of
thousands of Twitter followers and who
are able to go toe-to-toe with her in
that forum which is kind of amazing and
the ability that I can meet about that I
couldn't even just sit here and say I
have access to her and can fight her
even if only in the abstract virtual
realm is you know something and all the
people who kind of malign Millennials
and how all the technologies that in
every generation they that's a that's a
pretty significant oversight in my view
yeah no I think that's true and I want
to actually I want to touch back on this
on on sort of like white liberals and
people they join read in a second but
first let's take a few calls you're
calling from a to 666
area code who are you where you're
calling from either plus its plus its
must be some kind of international call
it's +26 six are you there
hello oh yeah hey this is this is
 Steven Seagal okay
I've been listening yes it's it's not
bad but you've been talking about
routine you could post and I just want
to say that's ridiculous right right and
do you like any of my movies oh that's a
good question I think breeze loves your
movies she also in fact she's also very
attracted to you
we had it on Betamax and we washed it to
death so you were a real feature of my
childhood oh look here's what does
Steven Seagal doing here he's uh we have
we have you up on screen now sir
he's dancing the way you two seemed
pilla like some of my work you might not
be so dumb as you appear talking about
Paula yeah that's a good point you know
I like the reality show I like the
reality show you did where you were a
police like an honorary police chief and
some little town in Louisiana and I will
say mr. Seagal you were very woke in
that show because you were very into
like taking black people's sides all the
time and it's you did seem yeah I'm very
bad but I remembered they like you go to
his neighborhood and it was and then the
camera they were a little misty what's a
girl you'd be like hey we're just here
to help you you're in terrible shape and
that's no mr. Steve mr. Seagal
in horrible shape hey I think you look
great with the extra pounds Steven oh
looks like somebody's triggered mr.
Seagal thank you
you know what can I just say I'm sorry
to step out of the moment but that guy
just hung up and for future reference
some of you call in with like characters
you do an amazing job but the pause and
ending with hey you and hang up
beautiful
he just completely new you got to know
how to stick the landing if you're a big
solid call yes
wise words yeah we do this is more
Stevens no he would be in this show in
Louisiana and it would be like he was
fair he was clear like very attentive to
like not being seen as racist and like
all of these like redneck cops and we're
like following him around it a lot well
yeah how to use Archie to shoot a gun
today we'll missus ago you know I didn't
think so
and then like some guy would be like I
got my license in the other car bad he's
but I believe you oh this is
but I don't agree that they should hold
the United States of America or the
world hostage by taking a venue where
people are tuning in to watch the
football game and you know imposing
their political views I think it's
outrageous I think it's a joke
it's disgusting
[Music]
literally
[Laughter]
Vladimir Putin had anything to do with
fixing the elections or even that the
Russians have that kind of technology is
is stupid oh wow you totally disrupt it
right there
Horace every segment has to end
with Piers Morgan being able
 I look that is like I don't go
in on the rush and stuff but that is
pretty palsy to be singing I
really I don't understand it you can
insult our flag Vladimir Putin is
amazing I have citizenship here the
question I have watching this clip is
the beer guys it is this cultural
appropriation no there's like mandarin
collar
outfit he's got good Oh totally he's not
culturally appropriate he's a ream that
he's a reincarnated Tibetan lama the
 is your problem
he appeared in studio with Russell Brand
in like 2008 when I used to listen to
that radio show and he was all about
Tibet and like Tai Chi and but also he I
think he had it looks like he's moved
from martial arts at age he's also I
think had hair plugs yeah I think so
I don't even know about that look
anymore maybe when he's talking about
Russian not having technology that's
what he's a clinic there oh he's
also got a blue so a blues performer
also he has a song called like alligator
ass yeah yo Steven Seagal is a piece of
garbage as I always say white people are
trash oh no no I'll own that one yeah as
Bree says right
your cou bein trash crafted from pigs
just like Bree said oh my god
oh we're really in deep and Steven
Seagal now look at that
this is called alligator ass oh this is
so awesome he's not even singing it's
great he plays guitar you know we might
have just found the thing that he is
most actually in town tonight right
there bad in a ponytail growing ponytail
construction
[Laughter]
alright Jesus Christ good that really
let that ride you know it's a Steven
Seagal song called alligator ass I mean
I wish you know the grave you throw that
like like a genius see like like do like
a lyric translator and there would be
like nothing well the theme of the song
if you want to know is he goes to a
diner in the south and he goes to a
diner and he's like had a rough you know
go of it and she's like he wanted this
and all they gave you the diner lady
said and all they gave you is alligator
ass so it's a kind of deep folksy
metaphor for his likes ago right like he
was probably trying to like go up for
like a Bruce Willis film trying to make
like a crossover and they gave him
alligator ass he went for hair plugs and
Donetsk and it looks like he got it out
of a bottle so he got alligator out here
adding insult to injury oh yeah there's
a lot of insult to injury if you're
Steven Seagal so sorry he does Aikido
not Tai Chi just and just issue a
correction I think you a fax tree
[Laughter]
probably works better than it ya know it
probably does they're probably
significantly less fatalities of black
people in Steven Segal and a film crew
is out you gonna teach us how to use
that Tai Chi to shoot with a blindfold
yes but first look at how it's black
here that show ended in some kind of a
catastrophic problematic way like he had
his own criminal charges didn't
something go down really I raped a girl
was in another part of the state bestest
ago we'd love to go out with y'all to
rob but it seems that you committed a
felony so you could teach us how to
shoot a gun backwards this is a headline
Steven Seagal kept woman as captive sex
toy and Luffy Lafitte lawsuit yeah let's
take some calls yeah sorry guys I gotta
get back to it's amazing like just like
I don't know like the guy is such a
 monster like it's not enough to
be like hey it was this goofy 80s action
guy and Maeby's kind of a prick but the
more you go into you're like he's racist
 loves Putin look he had he kept
a woman capped like disgusting
human being out there man without the
charm is significantly more Charmin
Steven Seagal had more talented and more
cerebral yeah you're currently from a
five area code the second time it
triggered a woman of color the post-game
sea patrons thought you were more clever
than this okay but Mandela sees right
through your Sherrod after all the
Republicans have been doing this for
decades you know you bring Briana on to
your soul to keep up rules that you're
promoting diversity and progressive
values but we all know that she is
merely your ben Carson Michael Steele
[Laughter]
discourse to promote your third wave
communist dictatorship it's disgusting
and a waste of your platform I know my
god the job in for a second in a rare
moment of unity and I'd like to reach
across North Wales and amending my own
weight it's like my wife always says
Michael what good is any pizzeria
basement if you cannot follow weights
much like your platform Michael that was
great who are you cracking up though who
are you my name is my name is Chris I'm
from Rockland County I'm like 45 minutes
north of you guys up in the suburbs oh
cool thanks man sucking hilarious the
majority report for about a year and a
half now and uh you know you guys really
brighten my workday in between you know
me being a complete total
masochist on Facebook and wandering into
a comment threads on public news
articles whichever that habit of doing
um but one thing in particular it's a
coincidence that the concerts brought
this up when you guys were talking
before and towards the end uh she she
started to uh you know talk about ways
to sort of reach across the aisle you
