spend a few minutes talking about what's
going on in Portland just in terms of
like you know the presence of these
fascist rallies well I mean basically
but I had some maybe a little bit more
specifics but just generally give us a
sense of you know what's actually going
on in the ground like why is Portland
such a focal point for this stuff and
what's going on it's why is a really
interesting question so I'll start with
what's going on because it's sort of
simpler to explain but for the past you
know year and a half or so since Trump
took office we've had a escalating
series of basically brown shirt style
paramilitary incursions into the city by
out of out of town groups one of which
sort of the key group being patriot
prayer which is really just a guy named
Joey Gibson Matthew Weiss my mistake
that's all right right who is a youtuber
and MANET and start a Facebook page and
manage to get a bunch of you know Trump
supporters to go to his clone quote free
speech rallies in Portland which he
explicitly declared war on he paints it
it's like a identify in and you know
intolerable sjw Ness and riddled with
anti-fur terrorists so for the past year
and a half every month or so sometimes
twice a month he and his crew have
rolled in and basically provoked a
response from different anti-fascist
groups in town so what started is you
know sort of irregular kind of taunts
and standoffs turned into sort of you
could set your watch by the street
fights
and earlier this month there was a rally
that you know sometimes they bring in a
lot of out-of-towners mmm
proud boys three percenters all kinds of
different groups have sort of hooked up
and it becomes like a big event for the
alt-right put the scrappy alt right to
come to Portland and basically fight
with an ephah and so earlier this month
they announced basically their intention
to bring guns now when people started to
freak out about that they said well it's
not a big deal because we've been
bringing guns the whole time concealed
weapons and that was already doing it
already happened so you know there was a
lot of media attention the the I wrote a
story about the for The Daily Beast
about this last rally and people can go
find it there if they searched my name
and Daily Beast but long story short the
we what we learned was that the police
were really protecting this group in a
way that the anti-fascists were had been
saying for a while even reporters like
myself who cover too closely thought
that you know they might be exaggerating
a little bit but they what happened was
the police lined up and charged the
counter protesters they didn't even
search the people who said they were
bringing weapons which was quite
shocking at but they did fire flash
bangs and break up the counter
demonstration therefore guaranteeing
that the only freedom of speech that was
protected that day was the freedom to
support the president and then the Chief
of Police went on a local conservative
talk radio show and basically bragged
about beating up the protesters and
bragged about the fact that she didn't
consult the mayor or any other civilian
authorities when she planned these kind
of things and now everybody's sort of
kind of horrified and wondering
you know one who's in charge of the
police rank-and-file where their
sympathies and you know when is this
gonna stop and they almost killed
somebody right like oh the photos on
Twitter they were gnarly the last so not
this most recent rally but the time
before or less the the proud boys and
the right-wing groups sent several
people to hospital including with a
skull fracture
so yeah they almost killed somebody that
time this time the police very nearly
could have killed someone because they
were firing these crowd control weapons
at people and one seemed to be aimed
squarely at a guy's head and it pierced
this helmet he was wearing and still
wounded him pretty severely so if he
hadn't been wearing a helmet yeah it
could have killed him but so I have two
different questions and one is one is
more you know strategic and critical and
then the other is maybe more to the
point if that makes or way more
dangerous and I think is probably true
so one you know that there there was I
mean this is the type of thing that is
important I think to deal with it can be
used to distract from the bigger picture
and the sort of bigger reality you just
outlined but there was this story of you
know an tyfa basically attacking a guy
who had an american flag and you know he
was actually there to be in solidarity
with the anti-fascists and was like a
Bernie supporter but you know was doing
a sort of you know liberal style hey
like this fad this flag doesn't
represent bigotry and he was actually
attacked by a couple of people that
associate with an tyfa um and you know
again part of it is like this isn't a
centralized organization and it's a you
know sort of a broad sentiment and
meshworks and most of the work they do I
still think is incredibly important and
I also just support because this is just
the situation we're in and the lines are
already drawn right but I do wonder is
there is there potential value in like
you know this other sort of like not the
kind of whiny like who will
Tifa you know engages physically so
they're just as bad these sort of
ridiculous was bad
a historical false equivalencies but
then more brought just a more sort of
strategic notion that like you know
these groups in a much more violent and
dangerous way are following the bench
bureau a Mylo model which is they're
going to places to intentionally create
conflict essentially and when they get a
response that's how they drive a
narrative and if they were just sort of
blown off or ignored there is less
oxygen and you know we've got other and
better things to do that's the strategic
question I have and then I want to get
back to a specific question about what's
actually going on with the police
departments there but that well this
this sort of answer is the WHA this sort
of answers the the why in the sense
because I mean they keep coming here
because they know they will get a
reaction right right so look this is
this is really I'm not sure I have the
answers I mean among the other things
that happened I mean I'm aware of the
story that you're talking about you know
in the story that I reported there was
an account of some fights that I
witnessed where people from the
right-wing side were basically splitting
off from the main March where the police
were and assaulting random people of
color in this area to the city and the
police were nowhere to be seen
yep which sort of bolsters the the
argument that you know if the police
aren't gonna protect people somebody
should yep but at the same time like we
are talking about vigilantism here and
there's not a lot of discipline in these
groups or training or any of the things
that you would hope to see from you know
somebody that's gaining to protect the
the public so that is that is a problem
now I'm not sure what's worse I mean you
know when these rallies started they
were marching down like the main
immigrant street in the city with Trump
flag
which is kind of terrorizing yep I mean
it's absolutely terrorizing yes yes and
you know I'm not sure that ignoring the
these folks is viable I mean ideally I
think what we want is you know a sort of
local law enforcement response that
recognized what was actually going on
and I'm not sure where the Chief of
Police and the City Hall are getting
their information I presume it's from
sources that are portraying the ante for
groups as more dangerous you know the
FBI National Conference this year was
all about left-wing violence in the same
time at the federal level all of the
pretty much all of the you know agents
that were devoted to tracking white rain
what right-wing extremism have been
reassigned or sidelined anyway it's not
their time to shine right right so
there's there's probably a bit of a bias
in the information that that they're
giving and you know I'd hope to see a
little more local control over how the
police respond to these things because
if you're if you're carrying weapons
across state lines for the express
purpose of inciting a riot I mean that's
not protected speech I'm sorry
and open grip force not even groups like
the ACLU that have you know been really
consistent in their message about you
know protecting rights to March
regardless of content have come around
saying well if you're Brent if you're
bringing weapons and talking about your
intention to pick fights then you know
we can't defend that but the city for
some reason I think they're afraid of
getting sued has taken a different view
so you know I think there is a bit of a
lack of leadership you can't I mean you
can't have giant mob
front asians and the streets without
people getting hurt and i mean it is
that it is the the city and the state
which are allowing that to happen by
their lack of action and their their
fear of basically getting sued by
right-wingers my final question on that
would be and I think that that yes that
makes sense in terms of the state and
the main mayor's office right they also
don't have it's also shows they don't
have full control over their own police
well that was the thing that I wanted to
get to because I think like okay there
was a story recently of a guy he had to
resign I believe but he was a some type
of you know relat had a leadership
position for a police department in
Louisiana it was revealed that he was a
proud boy there's been a lot of reports
both documented when these sorts of
things are being measured as well as
anecdotal of far-right groups you know
going into the military going into
police and let me just put a few more
other things on the table and I want to
be really clear that I'm not saying that
this is a Klan that there is a
conspiracy or any of this sort of thing
but I do want people to be a little
aware of how these things work
in places where there have been
far-right right-wing governments that
have committed atrocities or even
political parties right there's usually
power militaries and gangs where that
activity is sort of informally
outsourced to so even like in Indonesia
in the 60s when you're they were
murdering literally hundreds of
thousands of people on the left a lot of
the people that actually commit that and
the orders in the encouragement are all
from the government in the military no
question but it's actually gangs and
paramilitaries doing a lot of the actual
you know the murdering on this same
dynamic in Serbia and Bosnia same
dynamic in Burundi saint-like anywhere
you look and my question does start to
become and this is why I say it's on the
opposite end like I have a critique of
Avantika in some ways but on the flip
side okay the cops have a bias there and
it's clearly for these power of these
far-right groups you have a presidency
that
we can even we don't even have to get it
we all know what they are in terms of
their role white nationalism but
specifically they've had the FBI and
other organizations specifically pull
back on monitoring right-wing terrorism
and then we have this ol hole ecosystem
which yes a lot of it's still pretty
online in goofy but some of it is real
serious and it's hurting people and
there's already a context for it you
know in terms of the militia movement
and everything else and you start to say
like how much it our Police Department's
compromised by the presence of these
groups and are we and I say this again
unconsciously like organically seeing
that full emergence of like okay
authoritarian far-right government and
political party street based gangs that
back that agenda and then an
intermediary of law enforcement with its
own ideological extremism plus
directives from the top and they could
be you know the same guy who's posting
about white genocide on 4chan could then
go throw his uniform on me that
certainly would track with all sorts of
examples we see on a daily basis of
police departments across this country
well that's exactly the concern and you
summarized it very well I mean this is
this is what keeps me up at night and
that you know if I can't believe I
forgot to mention that the the the most
popular t-shirt on the on the right wing
side at this last rally in Portland was
Pinochet did nothing wrong on the front
and then on the back a picture of a
helicopter with his little stick men
tumbling out and little Anitha flags on
their where their heads were right so
right you know they're being pretty
clear about their intention now I don't
know that they could coordinate that
themselves but I think what we're
talking about is sort of an alignment of
interests cops like to punch hippies yep
they do it reflexively you know in in
you know in this area they've been
pretty explicit about it when lieutenant
even was quoted in a internal review
saying that the right-wing marchers
seemed a lot more mainstream
and the counter-protesters we're talking
about police force that like in many
cities resides mostly outside of the
city and commutes and so doesn't have
much of a connection to the communities
that they're policing apart from you
know patrolling around and doing their
their work
such as it is and you know I think that
there are there tendencies I mean have
have been revealed and if I were in any
sort of elected office I would be very
urgently conducting reviews do we have
proud boys on the force I mean I don't
know about that case in Louisiana but we
had one in this area as well where a
female sheriff's deputy was photographed
online Hawking proud boys merchandise
right right and and watching their
conduct at these kind of rallies it it's
it's very troubling it's very troubling
I mean there I've I've been tracking
these things for a year and I've seen
people commit felony assault and public
multiple times get arrested and then get
released the next day and that leads me
to go what what's going on here yep
they know these people are known
nuisances public safety threats they're
threatening violence repeatedly they do
this again and again and they seem
untouchable so so what's happened and I
it it baffles me that no one from City
Hall to the Attorney General to the
governor's office to the you know to
federal agencies no no law enforcement
agency in the reason seems to be able to
answer why this continues well I think
people on a very basic Civic level have
their marching orders in Oregon
specifically in this case which is you
guys start calling these offices and say
excuse me why is you know right-wing
violence allowed to run rampant over you
know a city and and Ferg and you know
have open conflict on the
streets and then of course if you're
also saying and I entirely believe your
reporting and also just talking about
the random targeting an assaulting of
people of color across the city you know
this is and and you know in all those
areas and not that this should matter
but let's be real it does you have
Democrats holding all of those offices
yeah so you know we you know you're not
talking about trying to get a Republican
to hold their base accountable you're
talking about Democrats you know
essentially meaning to protect their
base from literally for the Republican
base Cory pine it's always a pleasure I
recommend that everybody check out the
news from nowhere podcasts on patreon
core it's incredibly smart sort of a
deeper fresh air with a left focus and
Cory's a regular on Michael Brooks show
I'm a regular on news from nowhere live
work work work die is gonna be one of
the key books for understanding Silicon
Valley economy and culture and how it's
hitting all of us Cory
always appreciate your time brother
thanks Michael fun as usual and the book
just launched in the UK and is about to
go in Australia to so your listeners
internationally should keep an eye out
for oh wow congratulations Wow
and he trips you're planning recently
Corey no Corey and I have literally
gotten on the phone two times and just
been like yeah that was a good segment
you guys dead hope you enjoyed it
because there's not much enjoyment ahead
um
Mazel Tov Corey and thank you by the way
for becoming a patron of the anti Fattah
means a lot to me
I patronize all of your shows oh yeah
yeah what a mensch we were we were Corey
and I were first days on each other's
and I'm glad to see it growing Corey
thanks brother talk to you soon
thank y'all take care all right
