[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh yeah baby
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
so much of the news this year has been
hopeless depressing and above all
confusing to which the only response is
oh dear
but what this film is going to suggest
is that that defeatist response has
become a central part of a new system of
political control and to understand how
this is happening you have to look to
Russia and to a man called Vladislav
Surkov
who is a hero of our time Surkov is one
of president Putin's advisors and has
helped him maintain his power for 15
years but he has done it in a very new
way lady mirror the lady village well he
came originally from the avant-garde art
world and those who have studied his
career say that what surkov has done is
import ideas from conceptual art into
the very heart of politics his aim is to
undermine people's perception of the
world so they never know what is really
happening
Zhukov turned Russian politics into a
bewildering constantly changing piece of
theater he sponsored all kinds of groups
from neo-nazi skinheads to liberal human
rights groups he even backed parties
that were opposed to President Putin
but the key thing was that Sarkar then
let it be known that this was what he
was doing which meant that no one was
sure what was real or fake as one
journalist put it it's a strategy of
power that keeps any opposition
constantly confused the ceaseless
shape-shifting that is unstoppable
because it's indefinable welcome to the
Michael Brooks show were broadcasting
live from Brooklyn New York we're left
is best with super producer Matt lek you
had theoretician david Griscom good
evening hold my beer hold my oh my beer
bro
super producer David Slovak he is in the
digital sphere the discord roaming the
internet keeping everything alive with
the TMDs militia on this week's program
crystal Quaid
she is a Missouri state Rep left-wing
Democrat was talking about the state of
Missouri can populist politics win how
to defeat austerity and the populist far
right then
Felix Biederman of Chapo Trap House he's
here we're comparing Obama impressions
were dunking on Megan McArdle one of the
worst people on planet earth and she
really doesn't get how bad she is and
then we're playing a game called gulag
or re-education it's gonna be an
interesting contest we have a series of
people where we're gonna go head to head
do they need to be sent away permanently
or is it possible that they can be ready
educated and brought back to live in a
decent society Felix and I will go over
that in the main show and in the
postgame for patrons plus we've got an
incredibly annoying Mick resistance
pundit that is going to go into the
pyramid a shout out that involves
terrible local news
coverage and important reform the
criminal justice system shut up
Pittsburgh Dias shout out Pittsburgh VSA
and I guess shout out
Mark Zuckerberg with his brilliant idea
that local news is gonna be more
progressive and community building or
whatever other delusions are rocking
around in that dangerous nerds head all
that and so much more
on this week's Michael Brooks show but
first we got to talk about strategy we
got to talk about the left and we got to
talk about how we win I do this show and
we do this show and the work we do
because we want to win not to half power
or have the trappings of power or
prestige that's fine that's fun that's
part of the process and we're working
towards it but the real goals if you are
serious about this process are things
like every single person in this country
in fact every single person on this
globe should have health care should
have a high standard of living should
have the basic material abundance to
lead and actualize life we want to
decommodification express themselves in
different ways so that they can pursue
athletics arts culture spend time with
their families spend time in their
communities we have a vision and we also
see the incredible price of human
suffering of the choices that we have
taken politically and economically and
culturally in our modern world we see
the endless wasted lives we see the
brutality here's the reality though
while the left is at in some ways an
advantage because we speak foreign to
the interests of a majority of people
we're also going up against a hegemonic
power base which has unlimited military
financial ideological media resources we
have wealth inequality
is that dwarf the middle mid medieval
era let alone the Gilded Age or the
1920s and as I've said before oligarchy
can always negotiate with the populist
far-right even if they don't like it
because fundamentally what's demonizing
a few immigrants fundamentally what's
people blowing off some racial steam if
it does not fundamentally alter the
balance of power and distribution which
of course it does not and we see it in
Trump and we see that and all these
other right-wing thug leaders arising
globally so we need to be on point we
need to organize we need to harness our
power and we need to be really smart
about where we make our interventions
how we make our case there's no room for
us to be dum-dums
unfortunately I mean there's tendencies
that manifest in a variety of ways
there's still people with the centrist
delusion there's still the people sort
of peddling nonsense about compromises
there's centrist supporting astroturf
groups undermining the fight for
Medicare for all and make no mistake
that's an incredibly positive sign
because as soon as the astroturf groups
start to protect the parasitic pharma
and insurance industries you know that
we're advancing in that fight for global
universal health care for every single
American
universal national health care in this
country there has been the vampire
castle and some of this sort of toxic
cultural politics on the left obsessed
with performance and not liberation more
interested in minding manners than
winning real battles that has alienated
some people and isn't a good look and in
this specific realm the universe of
YouTube it seems to predominate there is
unfortunately still a dumb-dumb left
there are dum-dums
who
confuse moral posturing with
revolutionary fervor who confuse a
historical throwing anything at the wall
and endless whining about Democrats for
a real radical stance towards politics
that confuse a couple of irrelevant
protest votes for a marginal candidate
for a serious commitment to revitalizing
power to actually seizing power in this
country and I get why that's emotionally
appealing to people because you know
what we live in absolutely disgusting
times and the governing class of this
country and the globe is disgusting
it's exploitative its abusive its cruel
it's stupid its arrogant its insular and
they need to be mocked ridiculed
debunked and they need to be taken out
keep it simple we need to keep it as
simple as it can be but not simpler than
that
unfortunately so this left needs to be
smart it needs to be radical it needs to
be strategic and it needs to be brave
now speaking of this and this is totally
unprompted totally random transition
didn't plan this at all just just just
happened there was a recent leading
dum-dum on YouTube occurrence that may
have in fact related to me and this show
so this is totally unprompted match has
brought this up right before the show is
totally unprompted we came across this
piece of dum dum ISM and if you ever
heard people saying I heard someone say
the other day you know now especially
with the daca people you know they're
being their lives are being riddled
six-year-old brought here at six year
old kids and now that you should have
voted for Hillary someone actually said
that on a news show the other day so you
should've voted cuz of daca how dumb can
you be
I'm pretty dumb by the way still
defending voting for Hillary even though
it was Hillary who propped up Donald
Trump she completely rigged the the
primary to screw over the part the only
part to make sure
the only person who could lose a Donald
Trump lost a Donald Trump
that's what Hillary and you still want
us to vote for the person who cheated us
out of Bernie you still want to vote for
the person who completely got us Donald
Trump that's all saddled Trump cuz
everybody loved what the
Democrats were doing because everybody
loved how Barack Obama handled
because everybody loved how Bill Clinton
handled no we got Donald Trump
because Democrats got in power and
 everybody over you dummy
hmm and if we didn't get Trump this time
we were gonna get a worse Trump next
time because your inability to think
past one election cycle is why you're a
dummy and no one listens to you ever
it's true
it's unbelievable still saying that with
a straight face see because the daka
this is why we all should have voted for
Hillary and well y'all did vote
for Hillary I don't know if you noticed
that and you could have actually voted
for a third party and made a difference
with your vote but you didn't you voted
like a stupid corporate neoliberal you
did the lesser of two evils
well I it's been come to my attention
that apparently this guy and I will use
his name and his clip Jimmy Dore was
talking about me I was on The Young
Turks a couple of weeks ago and in the
context of talking about daca I said
yeah this is why you engage in strategic
voting because of the several million
daca recipients who are jeopardized now
it's pretty simple and as you could see
there there was a lot of blue V a ting
he didn't actually answer that question
he says this this kind of emotional
fixation on Hillary Clinton but look
apparently I'm a dummy and I guess I
talked like I didn't realize though that
I said this is really good look really
 I got to check my TYT appearance to
see what I was talking like I know that
Jimmy's not an impressionist but maybe
he was trying to get something there but
look this is Jimmy's Twitter handle
where there's a lot of tweets about you
know dumb things that Barack Obama did
and said there's a lot of tweets about
how horrible Hillary is there's a lot of
tweets about you know how garbage a lot
of garbage liberals are very little to
do with
you know the people that are actually
running the country right now which is
sort of interesting
fear is sort of like in the news and
politics business and you barely have
anything to say about the President of
the United States who's actually a
far-right corporatist
neoliberal neoliberal is one thing but
galloping fascism maybe spare a thought
for it yeah maybe spare a thought and
actually in fact voting for a garbage
candidate like Hillary would have
actually been great because then we
still would be in a position where
neoliberalism was the main issue
unfortunately now it's not but the top
of this Twitter of Jimmy's Twitter feed
he has a tweet and I think this is a
real one I think before he had had a
George Orwell tweet which wasn't
actually an Orwell tweet this is a
Chomsky tweet that says any dictator
would mind would admire the uniformity
and the obedience of the US media and I
could only imagine that Chomsky was
talking about people like me who
advocated not voting like a you
know child during me if he campaign I'm
sure that Jimmy thinks that Noam is
smart here's what Noam Chomsky had to
say a couple of weeks after the election
that noted corporate shill and sellout
no message to those voters today who
refused to vote for Trump or refused to
vote to stop Trump what's your message
them now that he's won and he's in the
White House
same as before I think they're making a
bad mistake first of all I missed it
there are two issues the one is a kind
of a moral issue do you vote against the
greater evil if you don't happen to like
the other candidate the answer that is
yes if you have any moral understand you
want to keep the greater evil out second
is a factual question how to Trump and
click and compare and I think they're
very different I didn't like Clinton at
all but her positions are much better
than Trump's on every issue I can think
of what a corporate sellout
Norm Chow he's a coward and this
white people don't subscribe to his
YouTube channel no one listens to him
because he's a corporate sellout
meanwhile Hillary Clinton
he just said he loved there she's the
reason that trumps the president
and you still talk you dummy you
know Matt had pointed out that my
personal fondness of Jimmy Dore which
look he was wrong during the election
and even that point that he makes that
like oh the next Trump would be worse
look voting is not your fantasy football
draft and Jimmy's whole analysis of the
campaign was you know in 2020 there'll
be a much worse candidate will beat
Hillary which is possible but not
certain what we had was certain was what
was in front of us not in your fantasy
scenario and then that if Trump won
there would be a big uprising and things
like you know Supreme Court picks could
just be filibustered
and any other type of rational
assessment of the election was just
fear-based thinking now here's the
problem among many if your lane is
really that American Society needs a
radical transformation I don't even know
what Jimmy truly wants I know that we
need to end capitalism I know that we
need to transition the economic
democracy I know that getting there is
gonna take all sorts of interventions
activism politics and things that don't
involve presidential campaigns truly
radical actions across the board and
forms of solidarity and then I also know
that what you do is you vote if there's
an opportunity as in Bernie Sanders case
to actually advance things that's the
best-case scenario and then besides that
you vote stop the bleeding and you vote
because actually in reality we know that
in most cases left resistance is built
in places not of acceleration astara but
in really bad conditions where there's a
little bit of opening to push back
that's actually the context of the
Russian Revolution as an example that's
how it happened because there were
compromises there was some weakening zin
the system revolutionaries were able to
seize on that so intentionally saying
I'm gonna take a situation and by the
way this is not somebody who is saying
in the middle of the country who's like
look I've been over by the
political establishment I've been abused
by players on both sides and I'm done
I'm through with it I'm not voting or
maybe I've been sucked in by the Trump
scam or maybe I'm doing a protest vote I
have no judgment for those people no
comment but if you're a political
commentator sitting on your ass in LA
who doesn't do basic research and is
playing with people's lives because of a
fantasy scenario in your head about what
could be that has been debunked through
every step of this administration okay
here's what's happened you know there
wasn't a filibuster on the Supreme Court
gorsek is there there's cases coming
down that will radically deepen the war
on organized labor in this country on
public sector unions you think there's
gonna be any type of left without labor
party power in this country without
labor power there's no left in the world
that didn't have labor power now the
Democrats sell out labor and take
corporate contributions absolutely so
your answer to a revanche evaced far
right that's doing even more than any
previous administration on labor is to
go back into history and about
Democrats up on that issue what
we on the actual left who care about
actually achieving things are doing is
fighting all of these fronts
simultaneously but actually in fact
focusing now on the main threat I said
if you were in a swing state vote for
Hillary because I wanted to keep the
main threat and the main problem be
those neo liberals and
corporatists that we do have to defeat
not galloping fascists but you know what
it's a good business model outrage is a
good business model and it's easy click
content why figure out a Supreme Court
ruling when you can endlessly
about an MSNBC segment
why do strategy that points out that of
course Obama had an obscene record on
deportations and Trump is worse when you
can do
no.10 segments on how when Kamala Harris
supported single-payer but she didn't
say it with the right amount of
enthusiasm this is middle school gossip
and your fantasy life it's not politics
I was on Jimmy's show once and he was
doing this riff before the election I
went with him on a lot of the yeah
Hillary was terrible Hillary was
terrible war she was terrible in
corporations she had a terrible record
on everything from race to welfare we
know this I know this just drop these
seeds well different Iran deal there's a
difference daca and I remember one time
he goes yeah your reign and the daca
that's true Donald Trump did slightly
increases margin with Hispanic voters I
think a lot of that has to do with many
Hispanic voters being American citizens
who were also brought in by his economic
scam I don't think as Jimmy skep
speculated later in that video that
people who were enraged at Obama's
deportations voted to punish Obama by
voting for the most overtly xenophobic
president jetrel candidate in modern
history just a thought
dude if you want to do politics you got
to understand the issues it's
not all just emotions and fantasy life
or if you want to do emotions in fantasy
life then own it and just do critique
and that's great but don't call people
who actually care about the process and
bother to do some research
dummies because they look at things a
little bit structurally it's an easy
hustle it's an easy market it's an easy
game but it's not contributing to
anything it's not gonna help us win and
to me it seems like if anything at this
point
this is helping Trump if we have to
fight neo liberals we have to fight
Trump we have to fight establishment
Democrats we have to deal with the
corporate hegemony we have to deal with
ideological conformity of a global elite
do we really need to spend our time on
YouTube just giving people dumb
emotional releases
