you're calling from an eight for seven
area code who are you where he calling
 hey Michael
Joshua Chicago Josh from Chicago how you
doing good good and I'm pleased to
report that Ahmadinejad watched the
Michigan and Michigan bacon
he said son√≠s Twitter that's awesome
I want you actually call in to uh debate
Jamie Jamie how are you no good oh hello
I'm well thanks
about something it was a discussion that
you got in to you on Friday about racism
and tonight can I just Josh just before
you outline it can I ask you a question
yeah between a scale of zero to whole
show how much of the show do you think I
watch when I'm not here negative eight
such a thing were possible and maybe if
we're gonna include like also not
looking at anybody from the show's
Twitter feed you would be correct so and
can i we it's we did we did just talk
well is there a way Joshua is there a
way that you could at least bring this
like have the debate but bring it
forward a little bit and not just
recreate a conversation from Friday so
it's a little fresher yeah I guess um he
talks out okay he talked about Richard
Oh Jenna for example just now and about
him voting for Trump and I guess I would
say that just blaming you for me
Oh Jada is that honey Jetta link it so
Jada right so I can so Jetta okay yeah I
think
he still overlooked a bunch of racist
rhetoric to vote for Trump and so I
don't think we can blame the racism that
we've the acceleration of racism that we
are seeing solely on capitalism or on
capitalism I'm not sure if that was
Jamie's exact argument it was not my
argument okay tell us the exact argument
okay I think people might have
misunderstood what I was saying uh I
mean which is pretty weird because that
never happens on the Internet
well we started out by talking about the
motivations of swing voters who voted
for Obama and they voted then they voted
for Trump and basically the caller and
Sam and this poll we're all saying that
it was pretty much just racism that
motivated people to do that and I I only
disagreed with that to the point that I
think economics played some role in
people's conscious or unconscious
motivations but the thing that I think
is more important to look at is the
bigger picture and factors beyond that
small group of people's decisions to
vote for Trump they brought us Trump so
that includes the collapse of liberal
democracy worldwide that includes the
failures of the Democratic Party to deal
with the problems of neoliberal
capitalism I think a much larger block
of people right is the block of people
that did not vote for anyone and voter
turnout cratered from Obama to Hillary
including the turnout among people of
color so and you cannot account for all
of that with voter suppression so I
think like both on the wonky level there
are more factors involved as well as in
like the macro sense where you get sort
of right-wing populism and candidates
with fascist characteristics
a financial economic crisis are you
there Josh I guess yeah okay I guess I
agree with a lot of that but I would
also say that especially with the rise
of right-wing populism at least the
people who are leading the charge in
that sense I don't think that their
motivations or it stems from the
economic uh you know from the default of
capitalism I think the Falls of
capitalism help trigger that and help
get some of the people that they want
either vote for them or follow them but
I would say that the rise that you see
is the extreme right wing and people
like Trump also if you look at what's
going on in Europe and even you know
some of these attacks I example that
comes to mind is the attack in Norway
that happened in 2011 I think probably
everyone remembers I think those are
things that are don't really have as
much to do with capital apology I agree
with you those people are racist
those people I'm talking about larger
systemic processes that are some of the
reason why in a country that has been
racist for its entire existence right
this country was founded on white
supremacy why these things express
themselves in certain ways at the times
that they do I let me just add a couple
things to this so one I just want to say
I think that this argument is in general
and at least on this show it gets into
like Marxism and stuff that's worth
learning about but I it's kind of a
mystifying argument because I think that
there's a handful of people that you can
find maybe frankly they're pretty
marginal who really
only say that this is purely about
economic anxiety or whatever term we're
using the almost nobody says that
including people like me or Jamie who
get accused of saying that we have never
say that and there are some people who
and I think it's just because of what
the position lends itself to there are
some people who do not want the
Democratic Party to embrace things like
single-payer who emphasize racism and
misogyny in a disingenuous way to not
move that policy agenda forward
everybody else on the right side of this
equation like literally everybody else
does actually not in any practical sense
dispute that it's both ends not
either/or so and the answer that seems
really clear is do you indulge in or in
any way soft pedal or subliminally
appeal to people's attitudes that are
bigoted and the answer is unequivocally
no period and then conversely do you go
out and say here is a mass economic
agenda that would benefit a vast
majority of Americans yes you do we all
agree on that there's only two other
things I want to add to this that I
think are just worth keeping in mind and
I saw it I am that said this as well.you
I don't and maybe Sam has read it so I
don't know but I know I haven't read
some of these studies in full and some
of the including ones that I've
referenced it and I'm referencing you we
got to get really precise about what
research methodology is and how these
terms are being defined because a lot of
this stuff gets thrown around and I've
seen studies that are like defining
working class in ways that I wouldn't
and also I have a problem with defining
classes in identity anyways I think it's
a function not an identity number three
on the methodology tip we move on
I looked at the study afterwards and
they divided these swing voters by
income group and like measured their
actual economic hardship which is not
always a one-to-one indicator with
someone's economic concerns right people
just had on economic anxiety
it's totally divorced from their
material reality absolutely that's a
hundred percent true I completely agree
with that and number three I think what
you got to also start thinking about in
this conflict right now the the main
argument in the world today until we
create a real viable powerful
alternative is between multicultural
capitalism and white supremacy
capitalism and I will pick what
multicultural capitalism every time it's
a real thing it matters it has huge life
consequences that's why you vote for
Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump here
and at the same time part of what you're
seeing that weirdly merges even people
who are incredibly privileged and not
driven by sincere economic concerns in
the way that people on the Left talk
about but it does have an economic
underpinning is I think that some of
what these alt-right people and people
drawn to that message into it is that
actually capitalism right now as it
functions in a highly competitive
globalized economy is in some areas
absolutely a force against things like
racism and sexism if you need if you're
serious about your supply chain running
like if you go to Singapore or Dubai or
places that are like real hubs of like
unmediated technocratic capitalism these
are some of the most cosmopolitan places
on the planet and if you're a
recruitment manager at a fortune 500 you
are some of your sexism and racism is
gonna get worked against cuz you need
the best people to do that period
then you don't have time either for
touchy feely or
for bigoted nonsense yep and some of the
I think some of the what's getting
interpreted in white identity politics
is the correct interpretation that in an
ever shrinking pie in in competitive
vicious global economy if you want to
preserve relative privilege and have
identity based politics you better start
looking at apartheid systems and that
does link on apologetic disgusting
racism with a absolutely read on
material conditions and it's not a
country oh yeah Israel and I yeah I
think that makes a whole lot of sense
and when I'm talking about capitalism as
a driver of racism I'm going back to the
creation of race and racism
well this model shifted since then and I
don't really want to argue about the
creation of race and racism right now
but we can if you want to well I just
don't think it's only I think it
precedes capitalism I read that but I
quoted you and it doesn't say it starts
with capitalism it says it starts in
Cologne like its colonial patterns of
domination and capitalism comes later to
accentuate that did we have racialized
slavery before capitalism yes I really
don't think that we did in the way that
we have it now I mean not now the way
that we had it at the beginning of this
country and for many years after and its
effect still lingers I think for the
17th they didn't have race science
before then no but I think racially
racialized slavery developed in this
17th and 18th centuries which like is
like a pre I mean there's corporate
feudal states there and early beginnings
of capitalism but I think it developed
in the colonial period so I like I yeah
I think capitalism like basically
monetized those distinctions but I don't
think it created them ok fair enough
um I'm gonna go back and read it again
and see what I think but I just want to
make one more point because I still feel
like it might come across like I'm over
emphasizing the decisions of individual
voters in this and I
if anything I want to de-emphasize them
because I think people place too much
emphasis on this stuff when they're
trying to look at a systemic some might
say dialectic view of history and I when
I talked about the cratering in photo
turnout I'm not blaming those people
right I'm blaming the inequality driving
low voter turnout which is a problem of
capitalism the single biggest
determining factor in whether or not
someone votes is their income their
socio-economic class so I'm not blaming
those people I'm looking at the factors
that are causing low voter turnout which
benefits the right-wing and we've seen
it I mean there's a fascist about to
take power in Brazil is that because the
majority of people in Brazil support
fascism I don't think so I mean Michel
can probably speak to that better than
me well I think it's actually there's
parallels I think there is absolutely a
huge surge in support for fascism in
Brazil and there's also been you're also
talking about a country that ended
slavery 70 years after we did and their
oligarchy and their systems of supremacy
are profoundly horrifyingly cruel and if
Lula led by a huge double digit margin
and then was silenced and became a
political prisoner and bowls and arrows
winning with a lot with almost got 50
percent of in the first round that means
that yes there was a chunk of if Lula
was running I would vote for Lula
if Lula is not running I'm voting for
the fascist so yeah that dynamic exists
and I'm just saying all these variables
and I and maybe it's also just like the
human tendency to not want to have like
complexity like it it's super
complex yeah it's not reducible to any
one of these things looking complicated
can I recommend a reading on this
because someone recommended it to me and
I read it over the weekend and I found
it very illuminating this goes back all
the way
- Trotsky's time our friend Leon
Trotsky wrote some really good stuff on
fascism what it is where it comes from
and how to fight it and he wrote this
right after Mussolini rose to power in
Italy
and he was writing about it as he was
watching Hitler rise to power in Germany
and I think he has a really good
analysis of a what fascism even means
and B how it happens and there's there's
a lot a lot in there I think it's
probably best to just read the whole
thing and then tell me what you think
but basically you see the petty
bourgeoisie right small business owners
sound familiar
following an economic crisis they side
with the bougie y'see not the
proletariat not the working class and
they bring a chunk of the proletariat
with them and this is this can look like
a populist movement but the ruling class
is still pulling the strings and it's
it's it's a whole lot but it's really
it's really fascinating to see this
process be replicated over and over
again throughout history and in
horrified obviously you know what if you
google Trotsky on fascism they have a
pretty good compilation at I want to say
lib combed org Marxist org something
like that cool I mean oh you're on Josh
go take make your low okay I mean I
guess I guess the thing that I would
just add in one of the things that I've
seen especially in my time both like in
DSA and also active socialist and I
think one of the things that we should
always remember in particular and I
think I don't want to try speak for the
caller who called it on Friday but I
think that what he was talking about
with burn in the black vote especially
in Bernie's early campaign days on the
campaign trail when he was running for
president I think he's gotten better at
it since
he wasn't able to always connect his
ideas on economic poplars populism and
also racial justice very well the key
would even have the ideas they just
couldn't always see them very much this
is where I went yeah and sorry I mean I
think for me I I again I say this as
someone who's like a white mostly
straight white cisgendered man
I think there's often times where we
just think economic these economic
populist ideas that go along with
socialism will for example and I don't
think and it sounds like this isn't but
the point that Jim is trying to make
will just cure racism and I don't think
but let me let me just just because they
helped create racism doesn't mean that
they can put that genie back in the
bottle now you know what I mean like
capitalism had a real role in the
creation of race and racism as we know
it as well as gender by the way and now
it's it's its own monster that needs to
be dealt with on its own terms
let me just Josh let me just throw three
three more quick things at you that I
think are actually relevant for that
though too right
so if you start from the premise that
everybody who's serious and thinking
about this understands that it's all of
the above it's both in it's not
either/or right then you have to get
into the distinctions of how you of how
we actually especially when you're
talking about you know like a
presidential campaign right so Bernie is
a good example because like at first
when people were going after it went on
but Bernie became a lot better and we
said that Bernie would get better on
this show when black lives matter
confronted him but and then at a certain
point frankly like it just became like
all right you're just like the same
tactic over and over and over again and
it's not being applied to other
campaigns and actually the stances and
the policies have actually
did so there what and then the Clinton
campaign you know did that incredible
disingenuous like you know sort of
smearing of Bernie on those issues
breaking up the big banks all races yeah
and all of that and then I
think we get to and then we get to
another thing which is what is the most
effective and strategic way of talking
about and confronting those issues and I
actually would say I mean it needs to be
I go back to Jesse Jackson go back to
people who actually spoke about those
issues there came yeah and and they were
obviously unapologetic and serious about
racism and and and those all of those
structural issues but they didn't use
all they didn't use intersectional
jargon they didn't posit it as like
games of individual morality and sort of
like performance they anchored it
actually in both really basic ethical
appeals which I guess is a question of
personal moralism but like really basic
stuff like golden rule stuff and then
actually in incredibly trenchant smart
analysis of how these things actually
work together and obama did that to some
extent jesse jackson in a much more
robust way Bill Fletcher Jr who I've
interviewed a bunch of times talks about
this really well so I think that's the
thing is especially we talk about Bernie
some people got very disingenuous with
that critique and then what we're
injecting should be coming from really
smart and effective political strategies
and not sort of like you know I mean
frankly just some of my campus stuff
that's whack well I like Brees idea
actually because I think it's true that
working-class has become something of a
conservative dog-whistle for white
working-class and even if that's not
fair that's often how it sounds to
people so even something as simple as
like naming the different groups within
the working class might run counter to
some sort of like oh it's a it's a broad
class based coalition but like
it's a rainbow coalition right I know
that was there was a lot that would do a
lot I don't want to I mean I yet did the
I think we unlock the elicit history of
Jesse Jackson's 88 campaign that I did
with Bill Fletcher jr. I really think
everybody should listen to that that is
where that map will come from
