come have a seat
joining me now is Jeff Gaddy you're with
the firm Levin Papantonio as well okay
let me just pop up your mic here so Jeff
just try and speak into as much as you
can
Jeff Gaddy you're with firm eleven
Papantonio and I need you to get a
little bit closer this is sort of like a
deposition that's okay so tell me the
the litigation you're working on now so
I'm spending about 90% of my time
working on the the national opiate
litigation based in Cleveland Ohio in
front of Judge pollster there are a
bunch of different plaintiffs in the
case but the vast majority of the cases
involve local government cities and
counties who have brought lawsuits
against the manufacturers and
distributors of opioids alleging that
those bad actors are primarily
responsible for the harms of the opioid
epidemic and so is it specifically
I mean I've spoken to some folks from
Levin Papantonio and some other firms
who are working with you on this is it
specifically the manufacturers
specifically distributors it's both and
and there's there's different theories
against each other respectively let's
start with the theories against the the
manufacturers because I know a little
bit about the distributor one but the
manufacturer sure so the manufacturer
theory is essentially a false marketing
misbranding false representations type
case going opioids is essentially
morphine morphine has been around for
centuries it had always been known that
morphine and the morphine equivalent was
what you find an oxy cotton vicodin all
these other drugs was highly addictive
and what happened is back in the 90s
early 90s the the pharmaceutical
manufacturers figured out that if they
could convince the medical community
that these drugs were not addictive
that instead of the drugs being properly
used for 2/3 day post-surgery type pain
cancer pain
if they could convince the medical
community these drugs were not addictive
they could get doctors to write scripts
for 30 60 90 days and you can you can
quickly imagine what that does to their
bottom line and so what did they do to
the products when they manufacture I
mean they just put like some type of
coating on it that supposedly was time
released is that was that the theory
that they they had like I mean when they
showed up and said oh we have a new type
of highly addictive substance but this
one's not what's the story they told
about that so sure there's definitely a
there's definitely a story there and
Purdue Pharma is the company that gets
the most headlines and is kind of kind
of perceived as being one of the worst
actors in this area but but they
introduced oxycontin in the market in
January of 1996 and from there there was
a history originally the the drug was
immediate release you take the pill and
you immediately get the the release of
the other narcotics into your body there
was very quickly a immediate rise in
abuse addiction deaths from opioid
overdoses
so I remember Rush Limbaugh I mean not
to point any fingers on any one person
but Limbaugh was in trouble for dr.
shopping and going around taking out
$9,999 that he's supposedly giving it to
his cleaning lady sure sure and so look
at it that's that's one of the things
about this this addiction is it it is it
is gender blind of racially blind
economically blind anybody can can fall
victim to this but yes over time these
companies started adding some of these
coatings to the to the pills advertising
them as extended release drugs the where
those failed was was users quickly found
out they could simply crush the pills
and get all the hi right away what made
that such a such a bad scenario is that
by making them extended-release they
made the pills more potent and so now
you have these pills out on the market
which you know we're before where
smaller doses now you have the larger
doses that the
very quickly I figured out how to abuse
those and people who had become addicted
from from starting out on what they
thought was was maybe a prescription
that they actually needed okay and so
that's the the theory for the
manufacturers that you mislabeled this
you said it was a non-addictive it was
addictive correct and the theory for the
distributors like the McKesson
what's the theory on the cases in
regards to the distributor's sure so
ever since the controlled substance act
was was written back in nineteen seventy
all distributors have had a duty to be
on the lookout for to detect and report
to the DEA any suspicious orders of
opioids and that term is defined within
the within the statutes and regulations
essentially the the way to just kind of
boil it down to it to this basics is
that the distributors had a duty to
prevent the creation of pill mills
obviously they failed miserably you know
the the stories that have been wildly
widely publicized about the large number
of pills going into small communities in
in West Virginia in Kentucky some of the
outrageous stories from from South
Florida some of the video that can be
seen that it's taken on cell phones of
folks inside pill mill clinics where you
have lines around the building with
folks looking for pills
those were the the jobs of the
distributors was to be on the lookout
for that that activity I mean and they
failed so in and they've been caught
feeling you know McKesson has been fined
multiple times for violations of this
specific act walgreens who most people
think of as a pharmacy all of these all
of these chain pharmacies have their own
distributor wing so Walgreens for a long
time was supplying their own schedule to
drugs for themselves back in 2013 they
paid an eighty million dollar fine for
specifically violating this act so it's
widespread bad behavior on their part so
what is the relationship between what
you guys now you guys are representing
towns and counties municipalities and
states
so the vast majority of the cases that
are pending in Cleveland excuse me are
on behalf of cities towns and counties
there is one state that's in that
litigation that's the state of Alabama
they thought that you know one thing
that's kind of unique about attorney
generals is they they never have to be
in federal court they can always file
their cases in state court
Alabama decided that that federal court
in Cleveland was the best place for them
to be so the the litigation is
proceeding there is primarily local
governments
there are many stated state attorney
generals who have brought their own
claims and in their own states there's
about an equal number that have not so
so you're bringing a federal claim
absolutely okay salutely you're bringing
a fragile cream and all right well so
and I want to get to a little bit more
into your plaintiffs and it's
interesting that Alabama felt like we
can't we're not going to get a fair
shake maybe with our own state judges
because I mean is that is that am i
interpreting that right I don't
represent the state Alabama I certainly
wasn't privy to the to the conversations
that led to their decision to go into
the MDL so you could speculate as much
like all right let me ask you this then
if I was to speculate that the Attorney
General in a specific state wants to
join a federal action instead of taking
it at home it's probably because they
think that their judges are probably too
predisposed to ruling in favor of the
corporate interests is that possible
sure I think the other thing that's also
possible is they to look at the
opportunity to be a leader in the MDL
and they you know the judge pollster is
appointed them is one of the one of the
briefing track cases so they've filed
the the motions to dismiss have been
briefed in their case and Alabama had
the opportunity to respond for that and
and it certainly put them in a position
of prominence on a national basis and as
it relates to the litigation so again I
can't say who's talking hypothet
so
how is what you are doing different from
the the tobacco settlement what's the I
mean and just describe it characterize
the tobacco settlement for us and then
go into that but let me and in fact
before we do that does the history of
these companies particularly the
distributor's having paid fines does
that mitigate their culpability or does
that help you in having to say like well
I don't even have to prove that they
broke the law because the fact that they
pay to find is indication of that I just
need to prove that they actually caused
damages because of those actions that
they already copped - yeah it's
definitely the latter well with those
there's those actions and those civil
findings by administrative law judges
are they boost our case what makes it
even worse is there are multiple times
where these companies were were
sanctioned by the government McKesson
back in 2007 again in 2016 so you have
almost a decade's worth of conduct that
did not change as a result of them
getting paying a fine back in 2007 and
they're not the only ones so so they
boost our case because a they show
notice to the company they tell the
company hey the DA came in and said
you're what you're doing is wrong you're
doing it the wrong way and we're going
to so serious that we're gonna we're
going to financially penalize you for it
and what we've seen over and over again
is the conduct did not get better
Wow okay alright and so yeah explain to
me characterized the tobacco settlement
and explain to me why this is different
sure so we talked just a moment of but
grow about about Attorney General's
bringing cases versus the local
governments and the tobacco settlements
were completely and totally driven by by
attorney generals I mean my firm was
very involved in the tobacco litigation
Fred Levin was was involved in writing
the the Medicaid third-party Recovery
Act in the state of Florida which paved
the way to allow Attorney General's to
to bring those types of claims so so
we've certainly done both the the
difference is is that
the tobacco litigation was 100% driven
by the AG's and the money for the most
part that was recovered in those
litigations went directly to the state
legislatures to be distributed as they
saw fit the local governments had almost
across the board no recovery and no
saying how those funds were spent we see
the the opioid crisis very very
different we believed it
while states do have losses and do have
some damages we feel that the vast
majority of the damages that are that
are suffered by governments is by the
local governments they're the ones that
have to to deal with the jails that are
overcrowded they're the ones who have to
deal with with the addicts that have
nowhere to go to get help they're the
ones that are running out of beds and in
their treatment centers and need to
build more treatment centers they're the
ones dealing with the the unemployment
issues when people can't pass a drug
test because everybody's become addicted
to these drugs so so we very much feel
that it did it say a local governmental
issue and so we in at this point in the
game in the game there's so many there's
about 12 to 14 hundred cases right now
in Cleveland vast majority of those are
local governments they're gonna have a
very very prominent role in in how this
case plays out okay
so ultimately what will happen is
there'll be a couple of cases that will
be tried Oh probably and those cases
will establish a round figure in terms
of a number and that number is in
relationship to the damages that
specific town has suffered we have
10,000 cases of addicts we have an
algorithm that suggests they're going to
need X number of years of treatment some
you know you know Y number of years of
like lifetime treatment it also means
that we have a Z number of kids that are
going to be dealing with this stuff and
so you create that algorithm and that
number and so
and then essentially at one point at the
end of the process the hope is that that
number is presented to McKesson by the
court and says this is what you're
responsible for this is how it gets
divvied out based upon how much damages
people have suffered individuals
individual plaintiffs have suffered how
much and I get the idea of like the
tobacco settlement the money went to the
state legislature and if they had a
deficit they just used to plug a hole in
the deficit if they had roads they
hadn't repaired they fix those roads
instead of doing stuff that is a direct
result of tobacco in their state maybe
pay more for Medicaid or whatnot in this
instance
are there any safeguards or mechanisms
to make sure that the money that comes
in ultimately if you prevail will go to
those specific types of programs locally
that will serve addicts you know one
thing one of the things that was
fascinating to me was it was as I went
around the country over the last year or
so and talked to different cities and
counties about this litigation and tried
to educate them on it and for they could
make a determination as to whether or
not they wanted to participate one thing
that I heard over and over again was
exactly that how can we how can we
ensure that any funds recovered from
from this litigation are used to to
properly address the crisis I don't know
how that's going to work out I think I
think we're too too early in the game to
verify that for sure but as we as we've
always talked about this we want to see
funds go into three areas first
education we think it's super important
to get into the school systems educate
the kids that the pills and the in the
cupboard is just as dangerous as a
heroin needle and if a needle goes in
their arm one time it's not going to be
the last second law enforcement and
jailing I mean they well this is not a
problem that law enforcement can solve
but it's a it's a problem they need
resources to get through this scourge of
addiction and addiction related crime
that that's occurring in all these
communities and then third and most
importantly is substance abuse treatment
we have to have a way to treat these
people that have become addicted because
of the bad conduct of these
companies Jeff Gaddy thanks so much your
time I really appreciate it thanks Sam
alright folks and we're gonna have
someone else sitting down in a moment to
talk to us about a wage case apparently
that is in Ohio but the opioid stuff is
going to be interesting to watch and
they have expanded the playing field I
guess here we go
