rj and matt if you could cut out the
music I'm still getting a phone that so
RJ you are the perfect first guest to
kick this off this is now gotta be what
like the 11th year for Netroots nation
more per maybe 13th I don't know I
haven't been counting but I would guess
around 12 or 13 and this is the first
one I've been to since Detroit in 2014
in 2015 of course was the year that I
think people most remember for Bernie
Sanders and Martin O'Malley being
interrupted in their speeches right I
don't know if people remember Martin
O'Malley who's interrupted as well but I
mean he did his best and by black lives
matter folks and so alright give me your
sense obviously a little bit early to
get it to assess this but give me a
sense of just broadly how has Netroots
nation changed from back when it was
yearly COEs this came out of the
dailykos community and after I think two
or three years they called it Netroots
nation how is it evolved well first of
all when it began it was really it's
important I think to remember that
blogging was the social media of the
early 2000s it was pre Twitter Facebook
hadn't started to take on the role it
has today so it was a blogging was where
all the progressive activity was taking
place people were putting up blogs of
their own or going on the daily coast
website and creating an account there so
you had a sense of this online community
that really there hadn't been such a
thing before an online community that
was progressive and it had never met in
real physical space so the idea came up
to take these people and and offer a
place where they could come together I'm
thinking the first one was in Las Vegas
but I can't remember it was the the
feeling was extraordinary because
first of all so many people thousands of
people showed up which amazed all of us
each of us in our separate rooms thought
we were and isolated sort of anomaly
because we didn't know anybody else
doing it and secondly so many people I
never used the pseudonym but so many
people were blue methi or 98 or whatever
that there were constant encounters oh
you're blue media or 98 I thought you'd
be taller you know that kind of thing
and so there was a great kind of joyful
sort of counterculture feeling to it and
those were the Bush years so everybody
was kind of unified in their hatred of
Bush and and most people in their
opposition to the war not everyone but
then it evolved over time into something
of a professional gathering gathering of
people who worked in democratic politics
or activism a lot of people who did it
for a living as opposed to advocacy
critera keishon or whatever so it had
that period now I think it's looking to
find its identity in the era of Trump
and we'll see how that shapes up but you
know I have some thoughts on that based
on what I've seen so far but we'll have
to see how well do share well I think my
initial impression right now is that
Democrats in particular were bitterly
split by the Bernie Hillary primary and
divided and continue to be very split by
the left
you know quote-unquote left solid left
versus the that the Hillary folks are
the establishment folks I think that's
very real and painful and it seems to me
that the organizers have made perhaps
deliberately or perhaps just a chance
heavy effort serious efforts to avoid
that to stick with topics that nobody
would disagree on you know a little
helping yeah you're talking about in the
context of like panels and yeah yeah and
so I think we'll have to see how that is
there I think the question that we'll
have to look at over the next three days
is is there a neutral space where the
different factions of the left can
together and agree on some things and
organize together and and there's a
there's a mix of speakers - I've noticed
I mean as I was going down the list of
who I wanted to talk to there are you
know sort of mainstream sort of
establishment style brands but and then
you have obviously AOC is going to be
here right she's I think she's smart to
come they're smart to have her right
like that energy is both effective for
for both that I think parties to that
it's interesting people should know too
that in the past Netroots has been a you
know the most I guess accessible
conference where future presidential
candidates will show up right I mean I
remember being in breakout sessions with
Obama right 2007 right and everybody
came that everybody came it'll be
interesting to see like I don't well
we're getting Kamala Harris this time
Cory Booker I'm trying to think who else
on the presidential prospect well Tim
Ryan may be sitting down with with me
shortly and there's been talk that
perhaps he's interested in running it
it's it's pretty it's it's interesting
to the relationship to the part because
this is very hard and RJ and I I imagine
we've talked about this before but it's
very hard for me to to explain to people
under the age of really of 35 in many
respects I'm 40 at this point how far
how much change there has been within
the context of the Democratic Party in
just 10 years it feels like we're like
dailykos
the Democratic Party was nervous about
dailykos
right or Netroots nation because not
ideological but more because they
represented I guess it was branded as
like people power right like there was a
chance that the power would be rested
away from the established ossify and
democratic machine as it were
now the irony is that machine has stayed
in place right to a large extent right
that's almost the identical leadership
that we had at that time right and but
yet now the split does seem to be more
ideological or at least articulated that
way well it's a great point and it's got
so many dimensions to it I think one of
their areas of reluctance was just the
uncontrollable anarchic seeming nature
of it right that these were people that
did were unconventional a lot of them
and didn't fit into the political world
they didn't know what they were gonna do
next or how they were gonna what crazy
thing they were gonna do or say it not
even ideological but just uncontrolled
that's going away I think to a certain
extent there's been some co-optation of
certain elements of the other Netroots
into the establishment Democratic Party
but I also think now we're in this
interesting phase where the
establishment is moving to the left
every single yes Democratic presidential
hopefuls so far has signed onto Bernie's
Bernie Sanders medicare-for-all bill for
example there's just this this so if
we're in a real state of flux right now
it's a very very interesting time yeah a
very interesting time and all right so
let me ask you you know now we've gotten
the sort of the broad strokes of this
place out of the way I think a lot of
folks obviously I mean I get the sense
that this is there's a lot of people
who've come back to this like myself
uh-huh and I think part of it is is
because of that notion like everybody's
focused on what's going to happen in the
fall in many respects yeah I mean I'm
interested to see you know what
you know what what just exactly what's
happening with the kids
essentially I'm not to say that most of
the people here not necessarily well I
think there's a lot of young people here
but I'm just curious if what's going on
within these organizations and but give
me a sense of what you think when you
look towards the fall what is what give
me the different scenarios that you
think are gonna play out we would be for
the election yeah
well first of all I hope the Democrats
win certainly we'll couldn't hope more I
don't consider it a sure thing by the
way and that's partially just because of
the uncertainty of politics partially
because the national mood right now is
very hard to read and partially just a
knee-jerk response that when Democrats
get confident I get nervous
I've just been programmed that way for
25 years but the all that said that
assuming they win everybody will be
trying to take credit for it the left
will say it was the insurgence of new
young left energy the establishment will
say you see people really don't want the
change you lefties are pushing for and
the infighting will go on right the one
and if Democrats lose the infighting
will really go on because everybody will
be blaming everybody else so Eskow you
heard it here first
s cow's prediction for 2019 whatever
happens in November more in fighting how
does that get impacted I mean the Senate
feels like it is a more possible for the
Democrats to win the Senate Senate now
that it then it probably did six to
eight months ago but for Bill Nelson who
apparently is just so confident that he
doesn't have to do in his mind
excuse my language but does it
what about that the the Eskow theorem if
if the Democrats take the Senate like I
mean in the house I can see it but it it
almost becomes the potential for there
to be real fights if they take the
Senate seem even greater right because
there's the then they have to be have
exactly right right then then then who
of course Nelson that for that to happen
Nelson has to get elected and he's
always a trustworthy blocker of
progressive amendments so with as long
as Nelson's in the Senate and it's
closed you can be sure maybe I'm holding
a grudge a little bit here over the
Affordable Care Act right uh you know
not my favorite guy and that was the
time that I wish we had had the
President Obama who would have said nice
little Senate seat you got there Nelson
hate to see something happened to it
but that wasn't the way he was going to
handle it so here we are
well what else have you been tracking on
the zero hour when you guys where you
know I find that I I will get into I
want to say ruts but I become a little
bit obsessed by certain topics you have
one of those like what I mean the number
of cases I probably I mean I shows I did
on Friedreich's and Janice probably more
than programmatically called for there
are you know well good I mean stuff like
stock buybacks and I think no live
attention I think that stuff's great I
have focused a lot on the
israel-palestine situation because a you
know I'm being stupid and lose listeners
all the time driving up controversial
stuff and I focused a lot on the
economic issues if you have focused a
lot on
on the left insurgents in the Democratic
Party I think that is an extremely
interesting development obviously it's
close to my work on the Sanders campaign
so III focus on that a lot - well let me
ask you two questions one do you think
Bernie's gonna run you know I have no
inside information I really don't but my
gut is that he will unless something
happens or she's sure I acting to me
like Bernie who's gonna run right yeah
he's definitely setting up for it yeah
let's talk about Israel and Palestine I
noticed there is a booth here right I
saw that Palestinian rights yeah you
know I just took a quick run through but
it just did caught my eye which is not
something I had seen here before maybe
maybe it had been in the past couple of
years but it certainly wasn't here five
years ago obviously the Israelis just
passed what I think most people would
characterize as an apartheid bill yeah
yeah you know establishing in
essentially the the Israeli Constitution
I guess a notion of Jewish supremacy
context of Israel which is a more
radical I think then most people would
presume because there's you know Israel
is identified as a Jewish state but it's
in the past
but it's this there was sensibly also
democracy and which is basically saying
not really democracy anymore give me
your take on on both what what the
Israelis are up to but also what do you
think the timeline is for the Democratic
Party because I feel like it's
inevitable Democratic Party at one point
is going to say we're done right we our
coalition is such that we no longer and
right now it feels like it's a literally
like an iron wall no one will break
ranks the biggest you know crack we saw
was when
Yahoo came and spoke right right uh
Congress and there were some senators he
said I'm not going and some congressmen
they said I'm not going but beyond that
like even Bernie yeah he pushed the
envelope a little bit but not much
you know that in terms of democratic
politicians the status quo now seems to
be I support a two-state solution we're
on the ground in Israel and Palestine
Israel seems to have moved the situation
past the possibility of a two states
right and so it's really I noticed the
Palestinian booth to I think the
politics on this issue are changing
tremendously I think they're changing
generationally and you know it may take
ten twenty years but I think there's
going to be a time when not only this
new bill which kind of makes overt would
had been de facto up to now but the
shooting of the unarmed protesters
ongoing you know it's fascinating to me
because in my mind Israel is acting
self-destructively because it can't
survive without American support and it
is doing everything it can to ensure
that that support goes away I totally
agree about this like I mean in my
arguments have been and you know I I
don't know how you grew up or you raised
her what your relationship was to Israel
at all but I grew up going to Hebrew
school I did too and you know half a
Hebrew school was the Holocaust the
other half was Israel that was worth it
maybe maybe was you know forty five
forty five and then you get ten percent
of holidays then you know so I you know
this is the first fourteen fifteen years
of my life and the story of Israel that
we were taught was one of a complete
underdog and a last refuge for Jews and
think about this because I was raised
with that too and then I was sent to
live with Southern Baptists relatives
but that's a whole other story so think
about this the song the movie that came
out when I was really little kid was
Exodus yes with Herman with Paul and the
theme song of Exodus began this land is
my
and God gave this land to me that was
the ideology we were brought up with and
we were also told that the the slogan
that I heard growing up in Hebrew school
was a land without a people for a people
without a land see what we were told was
it was empty desert nobody lived there
somebody tweeted out that saying a land
without a people the other day where I'd
forgotten about it with a picture of
Haifa in 1930 the port of Haifa just
filled with buildings and both yards and
land without a people but so we weren't
even we weren't tell well sorry we got
ain't move these Palestinians we were
just told they didn't exist and and you
and I remember because it was not so
long ago like a couple of years maybe
when it was absolutely off-limits to
talk in any way about Palestinian rights
and in certain circles including
Democratic Party circles yeah and I
think the politics of the issue are
changing radically I think the this the
booth is a sign of that I think the open
debate is a sign of it I think there'll
be some hiccups some pushback along the
way but you know I had a Jewish friend
of mine older Jewish friend of mine say
did you why did you have that guy on
talking about the Israel don't you think
Israel has a side of the story maybe you
don't at all and I say you know what I
think you're hearing this story he's a
reporter he's not an advocate right very
hard to argue that we do not hear
Israel's side of the story in the United
States right very oh yeah and it's also
very hard to defend the shooting about
armed protesters or or a bill that says
sometimes yeah all the headlights they
were on fire yeah well I you know it's I
I agree with your assessment and I have
this argument when I get into arguments
with with folks like that who are where
and and I I genuinely believe this that
by a by the US now
not functioning I don't know that we
were ever did this perfectly and I know
no even overstate that but there was a
time where the US was like contained the
worst impulses of it right absolutely
yeah and sat on them right and that
ended it seemed to me during the Bush
and Obama tried to walk it back but it
may have been a little bit too late
right and and I could have tried harder
and he could have tried harder but he
just wasn't going to expend that record
and the problem is I agree with you I
think Israel is on a suicide mission
because they will lose American support
and I'll take a while the Democratic
Party I think it's probably no more than
five or ten years away basically saying
like fundamentally against giving aid to
Israel under these circumstances right
you know where we're going to be in a a
similar posture as we were South Africa
right and and maybe even more aggressive
at that point because the Israelis in
some ways are digging in in a way that
the absolute light South Africa hadn't
and the Israel is going to find itself
increasingly isolated oh I think there's
no question and the problem is there I
think that they're they're going to
respond to that isolation in an
extremely stubborn way I am you know
there's a lot of former Soviet Union
citizens they're you know citizens in
Soviet Union I think that like their
perspective of government and
you know they just were raised in a
certain culture that I think is sort of
okay it makes things in transit and so
it's I think there's a real danger of
Israel basically committing it's it
really you know III think it's a
downward spiral I think you're exactly
right I think that they will dig in more
and more and view anybody who challenges
them as enemies now we're seeing this
assault on free speech where they're
trying in this country Israel supporters
are trying and by that I also mean look
could supporters supporters of the
extremist bar right policies of
Netanyahu's own are trying to make it
illegal to suggest a boycott actually
outlaw a speech suggesting that maybe we
shouldn't buy products from this from
the West Bank or whatever settlers the
settlers in the West Bank or extremely
violently inclined and in or not checked
by the Israeli government so yeah I
don't see a you know and and this older
person that I was telling you about who
said there I said if you're concerned
about the survival of Israel you ought
to be with these people pushing back
because I don't I don't see I don't see
it working out well right now yeah well
it is encouraging to see it being
uncontroversial to have a booth here
supporting of Palestinian rights and I
look around and most of the booths are
like almost the ones you would see it
like a trade like a trade show right
here's a way of using you know text
messaging to reach your membership I
mean it's really geared towards people
who write easy but there's a couple of
issue booths and then
mean boots and t-shirt boots and whatnot
like that but it is it is fascinating to
see that here but where can people
listen to the zero hour I'm so glad you
asked that question
this is the zero are our calm you can go
and subscribe to our podcast one free
speech TV we're on the air and a
multiple City Chicago Minneapolis New
