[Music]
[Music]
with Sam's visa the destiny of America
is always safer in the hands of the
people than in the conference rooms of
any of Asia
they are unanimous in hate for me and I
hatred we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex
dama chard a rapport with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Thursday October 19th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
Industrial Average Gowanus Canal and
from the Grand Ballroom in the Bellagio
Hotel in Las Vegas Nevada ladies and
gentlemen I am in Las Vegas Nevada here
at the Bellagio hotel at the mass torts
2017 conference which if you are a
longtime listener of this program you
know I do a twice a year I head to this
conference in Las Vegas and talk to
plaintiffs attorneys trial lawyers
however you want to refer to them but
they are attorneys who go after often
corporations sometimes the government
trying to get redress for some harm that
has been committed and I'll talk more
about that but at the moment sitting
with me is Peter mujhey he is an
attorney with 11 Papantonio
Peter welcome to the program let me just
try and get you on in good morning
thanks for having me so Peter I want to
talk to you a little bit about opioids
it's the and I think this audience is
fairly familiar with at least the broad
strokes of what's going on with opioids
in this country
I've also sparked a spoken to Burton
LeBlanc we're gonna LeBlanc and I'm
going to run that interview in a bit
this is a huge issue for for the country
I mean we're going to have record
amounts of the deaths again from opioid
overdose broad strokes give us give us a
sense of how this crisis how we got to
this crisis who the major players are
and then what folks here and I am at
across the country but from a legal
perspective what what's going to be how
are these companies going to be held to
account how did we get here I think was
the first part of what you started and
it's when I first started looking at
this everyone wants to point to the
doctors and the pill mills and the
overprescribing and there's definitely a
lot of different ways that you can look
at this and there's definitely a lot of
blame and a lot of fingers to point we
are focusing on the distributors which
after a significant amount of analysis
and investigation I believe they were
the ones those companies McKesson Tamara
Soros Bergen and Cardinal big three have
85 percent of the market share
distributors well they claim okay we
should just back up for one month so the
big manufacturers of these drugs are
like a Purdue right that's right in
particular and the oxycontin they go to
the distributors what role I mean
obviously the the role the distributors
plays is to distribute its what else way
to simple right here's what and I was
fascinated when I started looking at
this 1970 controlled substance act it's
called TSA that was when the distributor
roll began to be defined and it's much
much much more important than just
distributing the drugs in unmarked vans
what their job was was to monitor
identify report to the DEA and halt
investigate suspicious shipments which
is high frequency orders numbers of
pills into small communities anything
that was suspicious any red flags they
were supposed to have very very
high-tech sophisticated databases and
monitoring equipment to curtail to
control the amount of pills that came
into our communities so not only did
they not do that they embraced the fact
that the more pills that they sold the
more pills that they delivered into the
communities the more money they made so
at the end at the bottom line of all
this is nothing different than the other
case that we look at in your own your
opening talk about trial lawyers what
drives these issues over and over and I
don't care what industry it is is greed
bottom line McKesson CEO in 2016 made a
hundred and sixty
delivering one molecule of heroin to our
communities in millions and millions and
millions of pills and so not only do
they not do their job but they embraced
and marketed in these lower
socioeconomic areas and pump the pills
in there to drive the profits if you
were to plot out their their profits
over like on a graph and you prod out
desper capita pills per capita they're
all on the same straight water network
it's incredible the more pills the more
money and they just disregarded repeated
warnings from the DEA saying guys here's
what your role is we got into 2004 of
506 educational campaigns everything
that these distributors needed to do
their jobs the DEA gave them there's all
kinds of programs and letters and
powerpoints and educational materials
that went out here's what your job is
here's what you're supposed to be doing
vague paid at lip service and kept
cashing checks
that's essentially what happened and my
understanding is that they were fined
too by the DEA right because largest
fines ever and for them I mean this
dynamic and and literally I hear this
every single time I come to this
conference we regardless of what the
industry is it's like those fines that's
cost of doing business constant dual
message that's a we just to write it's
another line item 260 and belabor and
hundreds of billions of dollars and one
of the biggest fines DEA is ever imposed
150 250 million dollars depending on who
you throw into the mix arm that's those
are the level of fines it doesn't deter
it doesn't work it's not working these
fines don't work it's cheap it's too
cheesy I mean and then we have also the
the big Washington Post story that that
dropped their dog just Sunday that
outlines how not only did the fines not
work but the response from these
distributors and drug companies was turn
around and basically lobby and oblems
and successfully changed the law so that
they had more latitude to do this type
of thing and you and I've talked about
this before it's it's known as the
revolving door so yes they lobby but
what the industry don't care what it
doesn't matter which industries the
Securities Wall Street
whether it's Big Pharma they hire former
DEA investigators they meaning the the
the big three here though the industry
they'll hire all these regulatory
investigators who are supposed to be um
you know cracking the hammer and keeping
everybody keeping everybody in line they
hire them from the industry and uh and
then I'm sorry hiring further other
regulators and then bring them into the
industry and now they're sitting on the
other side of the table and that
revolving door they go back and forth so
the the regulator's know if I'm too if
I'm too aggressive if the fines are too
big I put people in jail like when it
says he uh
former DEA head that that ran a lot of
these investigations he was on the 60
minutes piece he was pretty much
ostracized because he was too aggressive
right and and run out of the industry
and they know if they're too aggressive
on the regulatory side they're not going
to get the fancy job as the lobbyist or
with the industry on the other flip side
so everything soft kit gloves
cost of doing business keep the fines
low no one goes to jail because if I'm
to too much of a pain in the ass I'm
never going to get the job on the other
side with a big paycheck and so that's a
huge problem there is no and then it's
not a question of like the DOJ could
theoretically go out and could the DOJ
is there a criminal theory to this case
could the DOJ could a state I guess a
state attorney general say look you are
I get okay fine but so blatant yeah in
flout in flaunting those fines that
you've crossed into a some type of
criminal I don't know what the theory
would be negligence some type of
homicide or something like that like you
should have known based upon just the
data that you had that there was clearly
mass look at Massa dick let's take the
numbers and no one knows no one knows
exactly how many pills were going into
which communities in which pharmacies
the distributors were supposed to be
reporting those numbers back to the DEA
the DEA keeps it in a super-secret
database called Archos and every single
pill starting from the manufacturer to
the to delivery is supposed to be
tracked and monitored and it's kept
pharmacy by pharmacy county by county
state by state West Virginia is the only
state that we've seen the numbers on and
there we've only seen summary data they
came out in a lawsuit the numbers in
West Virginia are absolutely insane
seven hundred and eighty million bills
one hundred over six year period one
hundred thirty million on average in a
state that it's 1.8 million people right
if that doesn't put somebody on notice
that the first time maybe you get a Hall
Pass guys we've got a problem but to do
this year after year decade in another
decade I mean do you think there is a
theory to this guy I do we brought we
added a RICO count we added an organized
corruption conspiracy claim civil claim
to our counts but I think if you had a
skilled US attorney I think you could
put together and wait till the discovery
comes out if they're not going to do it
now I mean they can they can convene a
grand jury and get paper a lot easier
than we can they have a lot bigger stick
than we do when it comes to getting
paper so all right so I and I'm going to
play this interview with Burton LeBlanc
and he and we cover some of this
territory but let me ask you this
relative to the the my understanding is
is that the the theory of the case or at
least in terms of like the plaintiffs
you're going to the counties you go into
the municipalities and there is an
analogue between the damages that you um
that that you are pointing out to to the
tobacco strategy which is to basically
say we as a county / state / municipal
unit miss finale are having to expend
enormous amounts of resources to make
sure that that we cover this stuff I
mean that we deal with this we you know
we've got to deal with the idea of
having this many addicts like why what
what is the difference between what
happened with the tobacco settlement in
this
there's a lot of overlap between the two
and I mean the way we're looking at the
damages the taxpayers have have borne a
lot of the a lot of the damage and harm
caused by the distributors so our damage
model is I call it kind of two buckets
one's retrospective I mean how much
money we spent on on task force's how
much money we spend on jails all the
kids that are being born addicted to
opiates that we have to wean off in the
in the the court dockets that we have to
deal with child welfare dockets the the
the narcan that they administer the
first responders you all that you add up
and that's the retrospective damage
model and that's similar to tobacco in
that tobacco also had Medicaid
reimbursement from these two states paid
for treating people with you know with
lung cancer and tobacco that the
taxpayers bore the cost of that of those
diseases that that's similar but to me
the more important damage bucket or the
piece is the prospective and that's
where I feel as a trial or gets me up in
the morning to that I can make a drive
policy change so what we're trying to do
on the perspective is to is to hold
these distributors accountable so you
got to clean up the mess you have to
provide the treatment for this
generation of people that we now have
addicted to opiates and heroin you we
have to get the treatment facilities the
doctors the fundings because this isn't
a 30-day 60-day treatment program that
you're in and out these are people that
have been addicted to heroin and opiates
for you know years that need light
skills to get back into be functioning
members of society that's one you have
the task forces keeping us safe you got
to get those the police beefed up
everybody knows where all the police
forces are all undermanned and
underfunded and don't have the and then
you also have the educational component
of so you know kids can look and know
that the medicine and mom and dad's
medicine cabinet is just as dangerous as
any drug or needle you get on the street
so those three pieces prospectively the
health the safety and the educational
piece also similar tobacco there's a lot
of overlap to de backhoe
my understanding is that some people
feel that some of the tobacco funds did
not necessarily get to the the the funds
coming from the tobacco would not expend
it in a way that would necessarily
benefit you're right there is some
criticism and now what I do think is
different and I like this is a dramatic
difference is that tobacco is state
driven and here these are communities I
represent about a hundred cities and
counties Indian nations across the
country and these are community based
solutions we're working with local
universities local hospitals and saying
you tell us what you need to fix the
problem so this money what I hope to see
is it goes right back into the
communities not fixing potholes you know
not not putting in more red lights but
to actually go directly to the problem
and and build and create infrastructure
to treat people so I I think that's
tremendously different than tobacco
where this money goes right right after
the grass roots type efforts so I lastly
let me ask you this like when how does
this work from a practical standpoint
because my understanding is that the the
plaintiffs that we're talking about
could be anywhere from like the state of
Arizona to a county in south oh yeah
there is is there is there one case that
sets like I understand in like in this
in the in the context of the c8
litigation right there is a the the
defendant there's a pool of 3,500 in
that instance in this one particular
case of potential or who are plaintiffs
I should say the the defendant chooses
one case to try then the plaintiff
chooses one case to try and that starts
to give the parameters of what a
settlement might look like but how does
that work in this context when you have
sort of not apples to apples situations
here you have a county here that may be
more expensive to do certain things
because of the nature of the county or a
state how does that work that happens a
lot in those cases often get
consolidated in what's called an MDL or
a multi district litigation which is
what happened in c8 as well but it's
very common that the damage
and the metrics are different so we're
working with a math PhD statistical of
experts to help us put together models
and create models that we are going to
be able to take objective data points
and develop a matrix so it doesn't
matter if you're in Kansas or New York
those matrix can be developed with
objective data points doesn't matter
where you are but it does take into
consideration the local costs the local
damages the amount of people the number
of pills those kind of things are all
going to be part sort of like a the the
BP settlement wherein if you were in a
certain industry if you were within a
certain radius of the the cosine exactly
all these get into a matrix and that's
way they often are not common that that
everyone doesn't just fit into the same
kind of hole that you got a that you
have to account for the differences and
that's common but you do have a core
theme or central set of facts that does
apply to everyone which is what MDL is
try to do create some economies of scale
and some efficiencies in the court
system so you're not taking the same
deposition a hundreds or thousands of
times but those set of facts can apply
to each one of these cases hold on one
second are we getting static still okay
all right so let me ask you this before
on a different topic your your
background is in you have extensive
background I should say insecurity to
litigation and so we're looking at this
devastation in Puerto Rico and give us a
sense of what was going on with Puerto
Rico I mean I think people understand on
some level and I've spoken to two people
who specifically know the situation
about Puerto Rico where Puerto Rico was
left in a hole because of a lot for a
lot of different reasons in terms of
their ability as a territory to generate
the type of revenue they needed on the
island to fulfill the this take the the
government's I guess objectives keeping
the
the island in good shape so then what
happens there what what's going on with
the debt and and and who owns it and
where where these pressure points coming
from well that I love this conversation
that's come up in the last couple weeks
I think President Trump started with the
comment offhanded comment that he made
about we're just going to wipe it away
with all your Wall Street friends I
think he was talking to a Fox reporter
yeah that's gonna wipe away the debt all
your friends and kind of points to Wall
Street and I've been last very yes they
want they walk back the next day but it
demonstrates how it's absolutely
ridiculous now do Volturi funds Wall
Street farms on some of it of course
they do but the the scary part about
this hurricane on top of what already
was a horrific situation with the
seventy two billion dollars in debt is
this that most horror Ricans have
material parts of their net worth in
Puerto Rican paper and we've created a
little bit of this mess with this
colonial relationship we have with the
island but there are some tax favorable
tax treatments the firms on the island
pushed this debt where it was helped in
concentrated amounts and it's illiquid
meaning a lot of it can't be sold other
than to other butter Ricans so if we
were to erase the debt now you have
people that have lost their homes
fourteen percent of the island has
electricity they don't have a drinkable
water it's a mess I mean just basic life
day-to-day services aren't there and now
we're saying well maybe we should just
wipe away the debt that US material
amount of Puerto Ricans have have huge
portions of their net worth and they're
looking at because there's a always so
you're saying that there's a lot of
Puerto Ricans who have bought these debt
in the form of bond yet their
bondholders yes and redditors if if
there's a default they it will hurt the
people on Porter II and there already
has been defaults so the payments are
behind and the governor has said that
they're going to run out
money this month so if they run out of
money the same people that just got
crushed with his hurricane also and
they're counting on their bonds income
to pay their bills now their income
stream is gonna get shut off
how about how much is that it how widely
dispersed the ownership of those bonds I
mean is it is it concentrated in a few
hands of well in the islands ya know
it's it's everything I represent up
three four hundred individuals it's
everything from butchers policemen that
make forty fifty thousand dollars a year
