[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
this is east 138th Street which in many
ways is the wall street of the Bronx
you've got a lot of financial service
providers along the street bodegas you
have small money limiters and there's a
pawn shop not the kind of financier
you'd find on the actual Wall Street but
hey this is the South Bronx poorest
congressional district in America where
some forty percent of residents live
below the poverty line the main service
provider on the street is right check
where we have our financial service
center Joe Coleman is president of this
chain of 14 stores in the South Bronx in
Harlem they'll cash your checks pay your
bills transfer money 24 hours a day 365
days a year something like half these
customers are unbanked meaning they have
no bank account on purpose Jose Benitez
is a construction contractor and
monocles knows it's time to go to a bank
there's a problem you lose time the bank
takes too long to cash checks he says
Pence's cashier Jackie Morel the bank
don't offer other services that we do we
have prepaid cards they paper bills paid
I ran it some different things that they
can do in one place but the best
alternative is check cashers payday
lenders pawnshops maybe you assume what
I did the day prey on the poor Susanne
Martindale is with consumers Union many
of these products really strip away what
few assets consumers have if you were
constantly paying a fee to cash a check
you're losing money on the deal compared
to if you simply had an account and
we're depositing checks yet check
cashing a loan nearly doubled to sixty
billion dollars from 2000 to 2010 why
wondered Lisa serve on it didn't make
sense to me that people would be using a
service like this in increasing numbers
if it was so bad for them I had done
work in low-income neighborhoods for 20
years and I knew that people who don't
have very much money know where every
penny goes so that's when I scratched my
head and I realized there's got to be
more to the story to find out sir Vaughn
worked as a cashier at this write check
for four months and then wrote a book
the unbanked of America she returned to
the window when we visited and was
reminded of what she learned people on
the edge have no savings and often need
access to every cent they can get their
hands on right away welcome to the
Michael Brooks show I'm Michael Brooks
when Chris commute takes away the
graphic we're left we are broadcasting
live from Brooklyn we're left as best as
it is everywhere else greetings friends
comrades and enemies on this week's
program
of course I'm joined by super producer
Matlack hello
head to your Titian David Griscom how's
it going super producer David Slavic
roaming the digitus fear the discord
Twitter everywhere else in the TMDs
growing universe on this week's program
Marisa Baron Darin she is a professor of
law at the University of Georgia law
school author of the color of money
black banks and the racial wealth gap
we're talking about postal banking race
intergenerational wealth and
democratizing the economy then Felix
Biederman from Chapo Trap House our
shared political hero Louis Farrakhan
has some new interesting comments on
Donald Trump and the FBI Plus Alex Jones
sat down for a genuinely mind-expanding
interview with that young man who will
not leave his parents house in upstate
New York in Rochester and we might have
something of a new campaign to announce
from the TMDs show along those lines
something to do with let him back in his
room mr. and mrs. rotondo
plus on violence as
Sam Harris confronts Bret Stevens for
the only valuable column that Bret
Stevens has ever written we'll get to
that plus a new segment with our very
own David Griscom and much much more on
this week's Michael Brooks show but
first we have to start with a moral
truism and a little bit of a history
behind that moral truism we need to
abolish ice now abolish ice is not just
a twitter hashtag it isn't just an
example or a way of proving your bona
fides in Trump's America of opposing
racism of having humanitarian concerns
it's addressing one of the most clear
and present dangers in the United States
today to human dignity to the rule of
law and it also is a response to what
absolutely is and I think I want to
quote friends of mine and friend of my
show and friend of majority reports
Steven Robbins Ronald Reagan an
immigration attorney
it is about ethnically cleansing America
the Republican Trump strategy of
deportations of terrorizing families
across the country of a right-wing
talk-show fanatic that I was paired
against in a TV debate last week who is
called for the military to be deployed
into cities to round up immigrants this
is on a clear continuum and it's on a
clear continuum with feeding the racial
anxieties of the white identity politics
of the Republican Party and also an
electoral strategy for a party that
realizes it cannot move away from a hard
right position on race and identity and
needs to stay in its core a white
identity party and if it's gonna win and
it's going to maintain those
demographics it needs to
ooh D diversify America that is the
thinking behind this that is the
strategy that is the truth of buchanan
ism of Bannen ism of trumpism whatever
want to call it now this has been at the
forefront because of the policy of
separating children from their parents
at the border a moral obscenity the
already over a thousand children almost
1,500 children are lost in the system by
ice already reports of human trafficking
children working in near slave labor
conditions across the country and of
course we see a whole other parallel
private detention facility and labor
industry linking together a global
privatized system which links refugee
management and controls and anti-refugee
xenophobia policies in europe with
private prisons with the detention
industry in the United States this is a
global system for managing people that
we say are waste that we say are threats
that in actuality are people both here
and in Europe are absolutely would fit
any reasonable definition of refugee and
we treat with utter disdain and exploit
for every type of labor imaginable from
farm to sexual exploitation now there is
no clear Democratic position on this
there's a clear left position on this
which is that we have to get rid of the
criminalization of people period and we
have to completely Accord rights access
an openness to all undocumented people
in the United States and there needs to
be a general amnesty abortion amnesty an
abortion acid and amnesty sounds good to
us but if there is gonna be a democratic
position it the very least needs to
start with a couple of bare minimum
markers which right now the Democratic
Party is barely even crossing they seem
to be happy in some ways to allow daca
which was an important if modest step
but a vital step in the
direction they seem happy to maybe make
it some sort of political football but
they haven't followed through on it they
could have forced at least a temporary
government shutdown several months ago
to make the point and they're back on
the ropes with this issue doing another
play where the Republicans are so
obscene and so dangerous you have to
vote for us by default and this is
really important because there's a
history to this and let's be clear about
this history is what Trump is doing
worse and in many respects unprecedented
yes is the design and the plan of why
Trump would do something like this
different than why obama or george w
bush incidentally or bill clinton would
pursue anti-immigration policies it is
because even in george w bush's case
there was some design towards some type
of deal on immigration whereas in the
trump vision in this iteration of the
republican party the goal is simply to
drive those numbers down and play white
identity politics that's a vital
distinction and any person whose only
ability to process the war on immigrants
and ice terrorism that's happening right
now is to say Obama did X is a bad faith
what about actor now conversely if
someone is only able to process the
cruelties and the viciousness of Trump
and his ice without understanding the
history of these policies and the
culpability of Clinton Bush and Obama
then they're not serious about an actual
humane and systemic change to
immigration so let's touch on this
history briefly during the Clinton years
President Clinton in fact signed very
punitive very britches anti-immigration
legislation in the mid 90s that was
passed through the contract with
American Newt Gingrich House of
Representatives which was part of that
very nativist and views far right lurch
along with his attacks on welfare his
demonization and harsh criminal and
criminal justice stances Clinton also
signed legislation which saw a lot of
young people including for relatively
minor crimes to
horded back to places like El Salvador
ms-13 was created in LA in the 1980s and
it was created by Al Salvadoran young el
Salvadorans who were fleeing and seeking
refugee status here because of a brutal
military Hunta that the Reagan
administration was supporting they're
already leading El Salvador to be one of
the most violent and dangerous places to
be in in the Americas george w bush also
pursued very punitive immigration
policies though did work to make a very
business-friendly deal which did have
labor problems but would have been a
small step forward Barack Obama did the
DREAM Act he did some very important
steps but he also particularly in the
beginning of his terms ramped up
deportations and also handsomely
rewarded and funded ice now it seems
very clear that the reason he did this
was to build political capital in that
same sort of delusional sense that by
triangulating you can bring Republicans
over to your side and you can work out
some type of grand bargain which you can
that's impossible so we have a situation
with regards to immigration where the
moral thing to do the politically wise
and savvy thing to do and the most
policy and coherent thing to do all
synchronize the moral thing to do is
abolish ice grant amnesties with proper
carve outs for people who might actually
pose some type of risk although that's
an incredibly small amount of people
broad amnesty rights and access for
immigration for immigrant communities
now that's ethically the right thing to
do you'll stop and abolish and stop ice
terrorism then you will yes in fact
helped generate a new demographic and
voter bases for a different coalition to
govern America which is beneficial to
any center-to-center left to actual left
project that's reality and it's the most
coherent policy because in order to
ensure
bring new people into the labor market
not have whole sloughs of the economy
and areas of unreported activity across
the board is of course to bring people
into the system and have them be
protected and not terrorized so that's
how we can synchronize and we need to
agitate every step of the way because
there is no indication that the current
leadership of the Democratic Party is
really willing to see beyond the
opportunity to use this as a cudgel to
demonstrate what we already know which
is that Trump and the modern Republican
Party are disgusting and in fact yes
agents of white supremacy but it's a
strategic white supremacy and we need to
have a strategic ethics with a
broad-based amnesty and rights for
immigrant communities across the board
and the first step with that is add to
the litmus test abolish ice now abolish
ice now period
no now let's let's actually
move relatively quickly to the shoutout
because this was a no-bullshit moment
but of course first before we get to the
shoutout what do we have to do gentlemen
let's get to assist there from the
greatest broadcast talent of our
generation we got to get to today's
shout-out and of course thank you to the
great DJ Dan urkki who also does the
opening track of this show on I believe
it was Friday
voters in Ireland did something
groundbreaking they voted to repeal the
8th amendment which banned and
essentially criminalized abortion in
that country now it was a major win over
66% of the vote went for repeal and this
is of course gonna mean that a lot of
women's live safety Annan Tana me is
radically enhanced but there's also
lessons for any type of left or
forward-moving political campaign across
the globe and I'm gonna quote briefly
from a piece in The Guardian and this is
about they're talking about save the 8th
which was the campaign to of course
preserve the criminalization of
reproductive justice in Ireland save the
8th and other anti repeal campaign love
both used apps developed by the US
company political social media PSM which
Burt worked on both brexit and Trump
campaigns the small print told those
that told those using the apps that
their data could be shared with other
PSM clients including the Trump campaign
the Republican National Committee and
vote leave Irish voters were subjected
to the same polarizing tactics that have
worked so well 8 elsewhere shamelessly
fake quote unquote facts the claim for
example that abortion was to be
legalized up to six months into the
pregnancy which was not true of this
bill the contemptuous dismissal of
expertise the leading obstetrician Peter
Boylan was told in a TV debate to quote
unquote go back to school deliberately
shocking visual imagery including
posters of aborted fetuses outside a
maternity hospital
and a discourse on liberal elites vers
real people but they go on to say the
Irish process had immunity and that was
because the campaign for repeal placed a
lot of trust in people and engaged in a
deliberative democracy and other direct
in-depth citizen engagement so that they
could actually work through the issues
and engage in a truly long-form in-depth
process where people could go through
these things issue by issue and I think
ultimately you know look modern
campaigns obviously every side is gonna
have social media and advertising and
all of these types of tools there's no
way around that but at the same time
this is another area where a cynicism
and idealism can converge left politics
and actual power for real people like
what does it take to get teachers to go
out and strike right that's incredibly
brave this incredible bravery we see
across the country with teachers
striking or any type of serious mass
labor action well of course it takes
conditions being pushed to such an
extreme that people need to take those
steps but it also takes a really
politically engaged and discursive
culture where people have a sense of
power and claims over their own issues
and a political process is not just
managed by a disconnected technocracy
that thinks it can immuno manipulate
people with data instead of emotions
which certainly is a fool's errand so
this was an incredible success in
Ireland
this will make people's lives radically
better there of course first and
foremost women but in fact everybody and
this was a triumph not only of a needed
and vital policy change but also of a
way of doing politics which is gonna be
elemental to any type of left projects
anywhere and now we're gonna talk about
why you should join this left project
and don't worry you'll hear from Matt
and Griscom soon they're just there
recovering
they shared an opium pipe before the
show so that are a little out of it do
we have the pitch music ready MBA season
LeBron vs the Warriors what's your pick
actually I want to know what's over and
under on that series from both you guys
I'm definitely going for LeBron but I
think the Warriors in like five or six
okay
rooting for LeBron but picking the
Warriors in five or six it's not even
much of a contest there I don't know
who's got home but it's if the Warriors
got Game five at home it's the Warriors
ok Griscom I don't need any new once I'm
going for LeBron so just going for
LeBron
not even a prediction you're just
rooting for LeBron oh I mean I
appreciate greatness and in basketball
I've never really been a team player
I've always been more of an
individualist know I taught me too
because there's so many black guys God
communists
I'm gonna pick Golden State in but 7 I
think's gonna be close I hope you just
can't put LeBron on the floor and not
think that there's a very high
probability that he could figure out a
way to win the game I mean that being
said you know I don't know if he can
show like they got lucky with the
Celtics I think cuz the Celtics are such
a young team yeah a little one what if
they had either Kyrie or Gordon for sure
but also but LeBron is LeBron all right
yeah and and I know I have never
understood the hate on LeBron at all no
he's great I was a Kobe guy like back in
the mid-2000s and I don't think it's
even close
I think well I like Kobe too but I
understand why people don't like I don't
said why people don't like Kobe yes oh
no I don't understand why people don't
like liberals LeBron hate his old Kobe
guys no I see they just they just don't
like the young yeah exactly the
interloper yes sir / yeah that's
probably no but there was a lot of other
like even that thing that he did when he
left Cleveland and he did the whole
countdown to go into Miami yeah that was
lame it was lame but it was us like guys
like yeah
you don't own him I mean he has a right
to do something that's lame you know
like the response to him was a little
bizarre and that actually made the
league not to get into basketball talk
but that made the league more
interesting too because you have all
these super teams now and I think that's
actually funny you like the super I like
it during the playoffs I mean I've
probably watched a bit less regular
season than I would have but I don't
even think that's true I like I like the
stir in the playoffs it's fun to watch
people excel all right
speaking of people excelling TMDs is
doing well growing we appreciate all of
you there's gonna be a new woke Bros
this week I was actually very wise and I
were at an event on Saturday and we were
very drunkenly plotting out content well
that's a total lie we were drunk and we
were together but we're not plotting out
