so tell us about the the study just the
the broad strokes of the or you can get
into the narrow strokes of the study
that the book was based on yeah and I
was talking to a hundred and twenty two
people we recruited them in state prison
in Massachusetts about a week before
they were released and we interviewed
them in prison and then we talked to
people again two weeks later so now
there are out in the community they've
been released from prison and we
followed them over a year and we were
talking to them a lot about their
housing their family relationships their
employment their health and we're trying
to understand how people make the
transition from incarceration back into
communities and these 122 people I mean
how did you decide which ones to
interview or was it simply as they were
coming up for release yeah it was
basically that the only criteria for
eligibility for the study was that you
are returning to a neighborhood in the
Boston area and although the study was
you know spanned the Greater Boston area
we'll basically we're in the field for
three years talking to people and we
were basically in five or six
neighborhoods mostly very disadvantaged
communities of color okay and so what
when you started the the I guess the the
Boston reentry study what what what were
you specifically looking to find in
terms of how people adjusted or how
people got into prison or both I I guess
I was focused on the issue of adjustment
and there had been a lot of research and
and I had done a bunch of research
on how serving time in prison affects
people after they're released and and in
the work that I'd done earlier I was
really focused on employment how people
with prison records find work and how
their families are doing and I was
studying these you know these big data
sets drawn on national samples and I
wasn't convinced I was really
understanding the texture of people's
lives what it's like to go through
you've been institutionalized for three
four or five years and you have to find
your place in your community again I
wasn't convinced that I really
understood that process well even though
you know I've been studying it
quantitatively with these big big social
surveys for many years and and and and
to what extent I mean maybe I'm getting
ahead of myself here but to what extent
is does inputs affect the outputs in
other words the how how the prisoners
were situated beforehand implicate how
they are as they are released yeah it's
a really good point and it it has a big
effect and I think we learned a lot in
in this respect in in the research and
there were two two things that were
really striking for us and one is that
the people that we were interviewing had
been exposed to a lot of trauma and a
lot of violence in their lives that
often dated from very early in childhood
and this was related to their health a
as adults and and a lot of the people we
were interviewing were not in very good
health the high rates of depression high
rates of PTSD in many cases are in poor
physical health they suffered with
chronic pain
you know persistent drug addiction over
their lives and these kinds of things
exposure to trauma in childhood poor
health in adulthood this made the whole
process of the re-entry back into the
community very challenging and we saw a
lot of very deep poverty a lot of
housing security insecurity after people
got out of prison I talked a little bit
more about the the nature of that trauma
I mean you sat down with a hundred and
twenty two folks and the one of the
statistics that I think jumps out at you
and certainly at me was the number of P
of those people who had witnessed a
death of a person yeah this was this was
shocking and and you know going into the
project I was not really attuned to this
issue I was sort of coming at it as a
criminal justice person as a poverty
researcher but as we got to know people
and we got to know a lot of the people
in the sample really well they began to
open up to us about about their lives
and we were hearing a lot about the
different kinds of violence that had
been exposed to and a lot of chaotic
home life and and about halfway through
our field period we're sort of into our
six-month interviews and we're thinking
and we got to ask about in about
childhood and we have to ask about
exposure to trauma in childhood
so we developed a whole module in our
survey that really tried to take a deep
dive into this and we asked people you
know did you grow up with someone who
struggled with addiction did you grow up
with family violence in the home had you
witnessed someone being killed 40
percent of our sample said that
witnessed someone being killed and we
could only really get to these questions
after we'd gotten to know
for about a year and and really develop
some rapport and Trust with them and and
for me this whole area raises ethical
questions as much as it does policy
questions and social science questions
about the process of re-entry because I
think we divide the world in criminal
justice talk often into these two
separate spheres there are victims and
their offenders and the job of the
criminal justice system is to punish
offenders but the people we were talking
to had often very long and serious
histories of victimization and this
makes the whole ethical equation much
more complicated for me and I think it
it should open the door to sentiments
like mercy and leniency and compassion
well and let's let's get to the the
policy implications of that in a moment
but so let's the let's turn to the idea
of of reentry
what are and and presumably the idea is
right is that like prison theoretically
or the way that we are sold the idea of
the carceral state is is it seems to be
a two part what right one is to
ostensibly to protect society from the
these folks who are put into prison and
the other is to rehabilitate right and
to or I guess to punish and then and
then to hope to rehabilitate and what is
like what what are the premises in which
you measure success for prison as a
researcher yeah yeah so I think the
overwhelming attention has been focused
on the problem of recidivism do people
engage in crime again after they come
out of prison do they get arrested
they return to incarceration and so that
I think is where a lot of the research
is in in my thinking that's that's not
quite the right focus because a lot of
recidivism lies beyond the control of
the individual who's been incarcerated
the biggest predictor of return to
incarceration in our data was relapse to
addiction and and people were either
engaging in new crimes to support their
drug habit so they were selling drugs or
committing robberies to support their
addictions although a following drug
tests are on probation or parole and now
being drug tested and and they failed
failed a drug test so you know for
people who study drug addiction you know
relapse is part of the process by which
people can ultimately and sustainably
become sober again and this very little
scope in the criminal justice system to
allow people the process of their
recovery and allow for the possibility
the possibility of relapse and and you
know you think about probation and
parole which are meant to assist people
in the community get back on their feet
after incarceration and continue the
process of rehabilitation the probation
and parole in practice are really
surveillance authorities probation
parole officers aren't given the
resources or the training to really help
people with what they need which is help
managing their health their addictions
help finding housing and help finding
employment and so
I think what we should be focused on
rather than recidivism is social
integration how do people find their
place in their communities and families
again after they've been separated
through this forced institutionalization
of incarceration and if we can do that
if we can promote social integration
then I think people will tend to desist
from crime and become functioning
members of their communities so I mean
the it do have the positive agenda of of
how to of how do we re integrate people
into the community will impact the I
guess the negative agenda of preventing
people from going back into prison but
is there also I mean in again maybe I'm
jumping ahead of myself here before we
talk a little bit more about the data
that you you found but is it part of the
problem that as a society we don't
really it's unclear to me that we
subscribe to that the problem of
recidivism is not necessarily or the
problem for that matter you know and to
put in a more positive way the pob of
the problem of how do we reintegrate a
former prisoner into society are really
not it's really not the way that most at
least Americans I think perceive prison
right that it's more of like we've got
to keep people safe or it should be
about punishment and that the problem
that you're talking about is the the
failure of succeeding at reintegrating
people into the community is simply
because there's no political will to do
so yeah I think I think all of that is
true and I think we need to develop a
different culture a different language a
more realistic language of the kinds of
you know
conditions that people are struggling
with on the ground because in you know
the the perspective the dominant
perspective which you just described
makes a whole variety of assumptions
about what what the real reality on the
ground looks like crime is a decision
made by people who are making bad bad
moral choices victims and offenders are
two different groups of people and
guilty offenders prey on innocent
victims and and you know the kinds of
things we were finding when we talked to
people and got to know them and talk to
their families victims and offenders and
not to different groups of people people
who have committed serious violence and
we shouldn't minimize that often have
very serious histories of victimization
themselves they often grew up in our our
poorest neighborhoods our most
segregated neighborhoods their
opportunities were extremely poor from a
very early age and and you know for me
this is a social world that is just shot
through with ethical ambiguity and we
got to we got to come to grips with that
reality and I think you know American
culture and politics can be very
judgmental and and moralistic and
doesn't really grapple with the
harshness of the conditions of American
poverty which an unusually challenging
for really low income people and and
particularly in communities of color I
think
