we are back ladies and gentlemen
Sam cedar on the majority report it is
always a pleasure to welcome to the
program the I want to say the hardest
working man in journalism but it's not
just that because you know this is not
there there's there's so much more to
this man's talent and just his
hard-working and and I don't even know
if he sleeps you may have read his
writing in just about every publication
that you've ever read but David day and
welcome to the program thank you Samuel
now David let's talk about your most
recent piece this was not in the
intercept although you had a recent
piece in the intercept multiple pieces
not in any of the other 50 other
publications you write for you wrote a
piece in The New Republic in response to
or at least I guess this may be a
partial reminder the the op-ed that is
supposedly from a high-level White House
official talking about how they're
usurping Donald Trump in office well
let's leave that aside for a moment
anyways but you took the occasion to
retell the story of Tim Geithner and of
course with this is the week that Lehman
Brothers crashed right
ten years ago a we and ten years ago on
Saturday Wow there you go and so tell us
that story this is and for folks who are
younger don't remember it started like
like I guess it would have been in
August right that Bear Stearns shuddered
just immediately that was actually March
I was a mouse named oh so I mean that
the the housing bubble started to you
know collapse under its own weight at
the
end of 2006 and this thing kind of in a
very protracted way led to a cascade of
difference closures and and and things
of that nature whether it was new
century financial and Ameriquest which
were mortgage originators some hedge
funds from Bear Stearns that closed up
in 2007 and then this started to infect
the balance sheets of these large
investment banks which had a lot of
mortgage-backed securities on their
books as well as derivatives that were
sort of one step removed but were based
on the prices of mortgages and you know
you had Bear Stearns collapse and then
Lehman was sort of the next big one Bear
Stearns was purchased by JP Morgan at a
fire sale rate and Lehman was seeking a
buyer and eventually it was allowed to
go bankrupt and this really was the
emblematic event of the financial crisis
because it showed that there was the
potential for you know the lack of a
rescue a sort of unstructured bankruptcy
and this led to a lot of things in the
credit system that really seized up the
the broader financial system and and and
and led to the bailout so now cut to the
first quarter of of 2009 Obama's now
president the and things are still going
badly right right in that that's the
thing we have to explain so the banks
are certainly not in a healthy situation
we are losing on the order of 700 to 800
thousand jobs a month new policies have
yet to really be
put in place and take effect and across
Obama's economic team there are varying
viewpoints as to what to do particularly
about now it's coming to the commercial
banks the big mega banks like Bank of
America and Citigroup in particular
these banks will have lost billions of
dollars in the fourth quarter of 2008
their stocks are being punished
Citigroup stock in the first quarter of
2009 was as low as 97 cents it was like
a penny stock and this is a huge global
bank and there are these serious
conversations being had over you know
possibly to nationalize these large
banks which we did see elsewhere in the
world
you know in England and and and other
places so and and in the previous
decades Sweden used this to nationalize
its banks during a financial crisis - to
decent results so let me just just give
folks just a metaphor so they can
understand sort of like how this happens
it's like as if like you have a a small
particle you know in your fuel and it
goes in it starts causing different
problems as it works its way through the
system right and it compounds other
problems so at first it starts off as a
speck and this is and then it just as it
goes through the system the the problem
becomes more and more problematic so by
the time we're in March of 2009 it takes
that long to realize just how bad the
situation is for some of these banks and
part of it is also because they they
were on a mission to sort of hide how
bad things were because everybody's you
know covering their ass at that point
that's number one number two is the fact
that these balance sheets were so
interconnected that the financial system
is is you know incredibly
to one another so a problem or at least
it was at that time so a problem in one
aspect of the system just sort of flows
through and affects everybody else in
Citigroup had a tremendous amount of
liabilities on its balance sheet we had
already been through two different
bailouts of Citigroup one the the tarp
bailout which was twenty five billion
dollars of capital that was supplied to
them that wasn't enough in November of
2008 there was a second twenty billion
dollar bailout and that wasn't taking
either
so explain something to us David so
we've given them forty five billion
dollars all right I understand the
metaphor it's like it's a bucket and it
you can't see the bottom of the bucket
and it just ends up having no bottom and
it just goes down to desert black pit
book but what do they do with that money
they give them forty five billion
dollars who gets that money and why does
it have no impact well it's a capital
infusion and what it's meant to do is to
shore up the you know the the day-to-day
operations liabilities that it has to
pay out the writedowns that the bank has
to take on its losses it's supposed to
absorb all that and and as you say it's
it's like catching a falling knife there
the losses were just mounting on the
balance sheet and and there was no way
to really use you know that money was
was was limited in in the functions that
could do to actually you know offset
these tremendous losses that were going
on so there were a lot of things talked
about what to do with Citigroup one was
to sort of shield off their worst assets
put them in what was called a bad Bank
and and and try to tab the rest of the
bank go forward with its so-called good
assets and and and and you know just
sort of ring-fence
those bad assets
put them in a separate unit that ended
up actually happening the other option
was essentially to break up citigroup
and larry summers actually argued for
this option sheila bair was consulted
about this option there was a meeting in
March of 2009 March 15 where the
economic team was talking about these
different ways in which they could they
could either completely nationalize
which would be take Citigroup and and
and and put it on the the government at
least for a period of time or to break
it up into parts and sell those parts
off and what the upshot of that meeting
on March 15 2009 according to Ron
Suskind who wrote this book confidence
men he said that the idea was to cleave
off the worst assets wipe out the
shareholders and downsize and
restructure the rest of the firm and
Obama alright but no way by the way
before we get to that a part of it I
just want want people to really
understand these different options if we
were to nationalize the bank what would
that mean in practice like how would
that stop the that if I understand it it
wouldn't do anything other than saying
if we're gonna spend tax dollars on this
right if we're just going to keep
shoveling money into this system
regardless of whether we break it up or
not or whatever we do it's just that if
we're gonna keep paying for this we want
to own it and all right you know that's
just that's just like weird well the
other part of it the other part of is
the financial system is in some respects
based on confidence
the idea that investors and depositors
believe that the money that they put
into the system will be able to come
back out and so you put the Full Faith
and Credit of the United States behind
it you you tend to raise that confidence
level rather than relying on Citigroup
which has proven itself a failure
and and has this tremendous amount of
liabilities on its balance sheet so so
that was part of it as well okay and so
and then there's this option of and then
so it's it's a combination of bump one
you will lend the the confidence that
the United States government represents
to the bank to you will not be spending
tax dollars in getting nothing in return
the other options are basically like if
I had a small bodega and I had sadly
made the mistake of investing in all
sorts of products that I'm gonna stock
in my shelves that nobody wants like you
know I don't know first sinks or
whatever it is but my lottery sales
business is doing okay so you cleave
those two apart and you know if my
father-in-law
give me all this money to buy the first
sinks and he was like this is a great
idea you just store the force first
thinks they're people coming by
he's the one who's just not going to get
repaid and the lottery part of business
is just going to go on is basically it
yeah that's a decent enough analogy so
so this was put out there and and you
know Obama was on the record at this
point saying we can't do Sweden we can't
do nationalization he's some kind of
spurious reasons to say so but he signed
off on this idea that we were going to
come up with a resolution for Citigroup
and he wrote an order to the Treasury
Department is all according to Susskind
book that the Treasury Department needed
to prepare you know hash out the details
of how this would actually work it
wasn't he wasn't saying to the Treasury
you know execute the resolution of
Citigroup
he was saying you need to prepare for it
and write me a plan an outline of how
this would look in practice and sitting
through a the Treasury Department which
was led by Timothy Geithner at that
point didn't do this they
simply didn't follow this request they
didn't produce any proposal for the the
wine down of Citigroup and they just
waited and waited and they you know
instead Treasury continued with the
strategy that they had in the first
place which was continuing to protect
the banks at all costs that was
Geithner's world view that was his plan
he executed this through a third bailout
of Citigroup uh he he you know shot the
money cannon at Citi with Federal
Reserve loans and guarantees and he
continued the stress tests which were
designed to kind of promote this
confidence among the markets by saying
that we have now run the numbers and in
an adverse scenario this Bank will need
X amount of dollars in capital in order
to survive and while initially the
number that they generated for the first
stress test for Citigroup was something
like thirty five billion dollars there
was essentially a negotiation session
between City crew and the government
that got that number down to just five
billion dollars and when that number
came up as so small the investor class
was reassured that okay well Citigroup
doesn't need that much money their
balance sheet must be healthy and so
we'll continue to invest in Citigroup
and and all of those things cumulatively
kind of nursed Citigroup back to health
rendering the need for this proposal
that Obama asked for less relevant and
so you know Tim Geithner resisted the
the direct presidential order did his
own thing and and move forward and and
how is that exactly any different than
what this unnamed official is saying
they're doing with respect to the Trump
administration
the only difference is that the unnamed
official is admitted they're doing it
and a Geithner who probably would say
like no we just couldn't get them its I
kept saying do it I mean I the indeed
indeed Geithner did deny that this
happened he said I don't slow walk the
president on anything but of course you
know Susskind asked Obama about this and
and and he said you know the this I
think the quote is the speed with which
the bureaucracy could exercise my
decision was slower than I wanted right
so I read between the lines it happened
I don't think Obama was particularly
upset about it because it worked out and
he wasn't exactly a radical on bankrupt
tribution or anything but you know it's
it's pretty clear to me that this is the
the way that this went down and we
should also be clear that there you know
this is not necessarily a no harm no
foul type of situation I mean this would
have to to get rid of or to break apart
one of the biggest systemic risks we
have that comes in the form of Citibank
I mean and this is a conversation you
know in ten years maybe five years you
and I will revisit and we'll say yeah
it's too bad they didn't break up
Citibank at that time because of this
next financial crisis that comes along
yeah but I would say a couple things
about it
number one you know the way in which
Geithner saved the system and preserved
the system rather than overhauling it
made it easier for today the Trump
administration to ASEC effectively
dismantle the rules and safeguards and
tweaks through the current system you
know they've they've completely gained a
weakened and softened the stress test
which were kind of the top thing
Geithner was using to promote market
confidence they Larry Summers came up a
few days ago and called them comically
absurd and we continue to see ramp and
abusive consumers whether you're talking
about Wells Fargo
whoever with very little enforcement
being done because the Trump
administration is kind of called off the
guards so when you preserve that system
all of the potential abuses and
breakdowns of that system can return and
now they've returned within ten years
rather than you know after the the
depression we had the New Deal reforms
that lasted about fifty years so that's
number one number two is the political
implications of throwing money at any
major institution in the financial world
and not doing the same for homeowners
the implications were a slower economic
recovery the the implication was mass
political anger and frustration at the
two-tiered system where banks got bailed
out and everybody else got left out and
this leads to the rise of populism and
the the presidency that we have today I
would argue so this was not costless I
in taking the second one first and then
the first one second I am increasingly
feeling that like the the one of the
untold stories of the of trumps
ascendancy is is not so much that people
turn to Trump as much as they just
didn't show up because they were just
like you know just disgusted by the
whole system on some level and that it
that it was demoralizing for people to
see this to see to hear stories of like
hey forty five billion dollars just
dumped into this you know this black
hole of Citibank without even sort of
questioning it and and these stress
tests which are you know tend to remind
me of like it's almost like saying they
have a triple-a rating right from from a
from a Moody's or something like that
these banks are fine and
IIIi think that's that that became a
huge sense of disillusionment for people
I don't know they could get so granular
with it as much as just sort of this
overriding sense of like there's no
accountability that everything that to
the extent that anybody's gonna suffer
it's not going to be those institutions
that actually were directly involved in
this mess but rather people who are
downstream from it and and just in terms
of the first thing it seems to me that
much of the legislative achievements of
the Obama administration and you know
people can debate as to how significant
they were you know in a vacuum right
whether its dodd-frank or whether it was
like the ACA the lesson of the Trump
administration relative to those
achievements have been if you if if you
don't take a meat cleaver to a problem
and fundamentally redesign the system
that led to that problem any sort of
add-ons you know any type of like like
narrow fixes that you offer for that
system right so like the the ACA in
terms of private insurance and all of
these like all built on a series of
regulatory fixes about the markets and
this and that and the same with
dodd-frank all like sort of small-bore
all we needed these 23 different small
elements that will create this reform
the lesson it seems to be is that that
can get unwound super easy easily like
Fred they're not that is not durable
solution at all to create that type of
like regulatory structure on a major
problem right whereas if you had a size
cap on the largest banks which is
something that was proposed during
dodd-frank and all
we got a vote but failed even if the
Trump administration sought to reverse
that side cap or give allowances that
size cap you know the the the the banks
had already have already been downsized
right so it's going to take some time to
rebuild that asset allocation so you
know there there's there's a big
difference between an overhaul which you
know has to get reconstituted in some
way even if the laws change and a
technocratic kind of tweak to the system
and and which can get unraveled very
rapidly and has been so yes well and you
have a quote from Adam Tues from his new
book crashed and we're gonna speak to
him I think it's next week yeah it's
it's a remarkable book and I highly
recommend it
he you you quote him as writing we do
not need to imagine that he speaking of
Geithner was in the pocket of anyone
Bank
it was his commitment to the system that
dictated this that Citigroup should not
be broken up like that to me is a is the
story of the Obama administration in
many respects and right it also sort of
explains you know you don't it's not a
quid pro quo when somebody goes and gets
paid by a bank to speak in front of them
or gets hired after they leave the
administration it's because they are of
that ilk and right you hire you hire in
that way they're marinated in that
worldview
I mean Geithner gets so bad out of shape
when people say that he worked for a
bank when he actually was he claims to
have been a public servant now the New
York Federal Reserve is banked it's it's
a bank of banks actually but and he was
the head of that but the point is that
that wasn't that wasn't the issue the
issue was that he knew all the same
people
he talked to all the same people
and the the people that wanted him to
move in a particular direction in this
case protecting the the the system knew
that those were the steps that he was
going to take at any cost and that
that's a and we don't talk a much as
much about cultural capture as we do
about you know regulatory capture or the
revolving door or whatever else but
cultural capture I think really is the
defining characteristic particularly of
the financial rescue and and and how it
