don't have
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex the majority report with sam
cedar
[Music]
it is Wednesday November 8th 2017 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA
oh yes ladies and gentlemen big big
night last night for Democrats across
the country particularly in Virginia on
the program Dave Weigel national
correspondent for The Washington Post
will be here to give us his thoughts he
was of course Criss crossing the country
reporting on political goings ons the
wave crashes the crashed on Ed Gillespie
last night there was a 32 seat swing
erased I should say a 32 seat advantage
erased in the Virginia House of
Delegates it could flip there are four
races that remain extant to be recounted
meanwhile the West Coast becomes a wall
of blue Maine votes to expand Medicaid a
night of firsts as American American and
trans women wing win big oh and we have
some clips of of Fox News meanwhile
Donald Trump in South Korea promoting
his Golf Club and nuclear holocaust back
here ACA sign up spike as open
enrollment starts and Trump okay's or
plans to okay things like work
requirements for Medicaid
Republicans in the Senate and the house
rejiggering their tax cuts as Donald
Trump claims they hit him hard so tough
on me
CIA leader Pompeo meets about the seth
rich conspiracy
while his underlined underlings say
they're concerned that he's protecting
Donald Trump and lastly just to put a
cherry point on it what am i what am I
looking for
ah syria has joined the Paris Accords
that's right Syria in between their
their their long-running civil war
they've decided to they've decided to
join the Paris courts so there it is
folks an amazing night last night and
look I I pre recorded this with Dave
waggle moments ago I mentioned it in the
the piece with Dave Vigo but I want to
mention this again
we had some listeners who I felt I
haven't quite figured it out to be
honest with you but the the crowd
sourced some polling and you know they
sent us the information we tried to get
it up and post it just on the the site
tomorrow just you know or yesterday so
that it was there before the elections
and frankly I was a little bit skeptical
because it said that Northam was going
to win by a 10-point margin which at the
time I was like wow well you know look
they did the work let's put it up and
they were wrong they were off by almost
a full point where everyone else
anywhere was off by anywhere from five
to seven to whatever points I mean so
the data is there we've got a link to
their spreadsheet if you can if you know
how to use that kind of stuff or read
that kind of stuff
then do so check it out on the the site
but first let's go to Fox News that's
honestly like the first thing I did was
to switch over to Fox and Sean Hannity
was they did like a 20 minute waiting
for Donald Trump to speak in South Korea
like all of a sudden like foreign policy
so important then it they need even in
their screw their there scroll
underneath didn't even acknowledge there
was elections going on but here is poor
Tucker Carlson getting the news it is
election day in the state of Virginia
the most closely watched race of this
year Ralph Northam physician VMI
graduate Democrat at this hour 58
percent reporting he is at 51 percent in
Gillespie former Republican Party head
he is at 48 percent numerically fairly
close but northern in the lead at this
hour of course we're gonna bring you the
results as we get them minute by minute
we've got breaking news here okay we are
now reporting that Ralph Northam has won
the Virginia governor's race Ralph
Northam the Democrat beating Ed
Gillespie with 58% in we are projecting
that he is the winner tonight so we will
bring you more detail on that and if I
don't know if we can Kristin Fisher is
live at the Ralph Northam headquarters
right now
Kristin either
we're going to Kristen Fisher in just a
second I don't think we have official
statements from either camp but as we
just said we are now declaring or
acknowledging the declaration that Ralph
Northam is the winner in this race and
it looks like by about three points
Kristen Fisher I think is standing by at
the northern headquarters in Virginia
tonight
Kristen there it is folks
poor Tucker Carlos is ms-13 gonna be in
charge of law enforcement of Virginia
now I mean it's a serious question
he wasn't even he wasn't even he was so
depressed about it that he didn't even
have the energy to do that man I mean
now maybe his dog got hit by a car or
something yesterday and that's why he
was so down but he was super depressed
Fluffles Eichmann and then of course it
ended up being closer to nine points but
it was difficult for him that but he was
so depressed I wonder if I mean we book
a professor here's that transgender
people or something well you know that
may also be why he was upset because a
trans woman won her race and we'll talk
more about this but she I mean she ran I
you know from what I've heard of her
speaking and have read she ran just a
very localized race and seemed to be
completely on top of the issues and
well-spoken et cetera et cetera but
coincidentally or maybe not so
coincidentally she ran against the guy
who launched in many respects the whole
transgender bathroom pushback
legislation stuff and she defeated him
so maybe that's why Tucker was so upset
there was a bunch of other reasons why
he might be upset
the
not the least of which is that if you
are a Republican partisan right now you
have to be very very concerned that 2018
is going to be a bloodbath because
you're watching people resign from
Congress we have two resignations
yesterday granted they were in deeply
red states but these are and what
tomorrow yesterday is going to do is to
the extent that they were already far
more candidates for office across the
country then there were in Prior
off-year elections there's gonna be even
more in fact and I'm gonna try and find
the statistic and maybe I'll say but
Alec McGinnis had tweeted this and it
was incredible it the number of
contested seats that were in this race
as opposed to 2013 which is the
analogous year maybe it would have been
2015 or 2013 I don't know I will check
it out
in Virginia was was stunning and there's
a lot of implications to that we talked
about it a little bit with Dave Weigel
but first I will tell you this last two
nights ago maybe was two nights ago I
got my first order it's actually my
second order I guess of Cameron Hughes
wine well Cameron Hughes is it's an
interesting approach to wine Cameron
Hughes you can find like a fantastic
quality wine at everyday reasonable
prices like a $50 bottle of wine for 15
bucks and what Cameron Hughes does
is he checks out
top wineries primarily as far as I can
tell on the west coast but I guess some
around the world he blends them and then
sells them direct to you under his label
for 50% less than you would pay at
retail people know my sister is a works
in that business in the wine business
Italian wines so she's a little bit
little hoity-toity about her wines I'm
forgiving me for saying so Julie but I
think you know that I feel that way and
she was really impressed and she also
said the dirty little secret is is that
wineries do this all the time but they
just don't tell you but that's what
Cameron Hughes's business is so with
Cameron huge one you know you're getting
the best deals all way these are luxury
wines at affordable prices Cameron has
been featured in Wall Street Journal
Forbes wine enthusiast he has serious
industry cred and here's the clincher he
guarantees all his wines if you're
unhappy with any bottle that you buy
from him he will make it right for you
find out why Cameron Hughes wine is the
preferred wine choice by informed and
passionate wine lovers they'll tell you
exactly what I got you know III buy in
the $15 range but you can buy wines up
to $32 here I'm not that type of person
but I mean I have once maybe but I
bought so I want to hear that story yeah
I don't even remember it I'm just a I'm
assuming I bought the Zinfandel Lodi or
Lodi maybe I'm not saying it right
there's two different Lots and no it was
the lot five five nine they're just
numbers I think I bought a Napa Valley
Syrah that was 18 bucks and I may have
bought the other Napa Valley and then
there was one Oregon blend
I can't find Red Mountain maybe that's
what it was I'm a Washington state maybe
and anyways they've they're all
fantastic really they're great wines I
want you to try these so Cameron Hughes
has given my listeners an incredible
deal you get free shipping on three or
more bottles of wine and a free Somali
a-grade corkscrew there's a great deal
to try these already discounted wine
free shipping is a huge savings because
wine is as you know heavy and very
expensive to ship the wine is fantastic
the deal is fantastic do not miss out on
this limited time offer go to ch
wine.com use the code majority right now
that CH wine.com enter the code majority
and take a picture of the bottle - this
is what I've learned to do so that I
know which wines I like that's the way
that's the way I roll all right we're
gonna take a quick break when we come
back we'll be talking to Dave Wagle
about this night which is hard to know
if it's a harbinger of things to come
but I'll tell you it was pretty amazing
and there are some a night like this
could impact things like like the tax
bill frankly but here's uh here's that'd
do it we'll take a quick break
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's always a
pleasure to welcome back to the program
Dave Weigel Washington correspondent for
The Washington Post is that Washington
correspondent I never get your title
right I've just - national correspondent
national or country the whole country
the big ol country and you've been
traveling around obviously quite a bit
with the elections so let's let's break
it down Virginia was a bit of a surprise
right I mean yes right there was a huge
wave yeah it was bigger than we thought
and I was a I was among the more bullish
people on around arthas chances I
thought he ran a uninspiring campaign
not towards progressives but towards
like the person who pays scant attention
to politics they had this very what I
sometimes mock is like a cialis ad
strategy which is some some words flew
across the screen and there's some
calming narration by by the candidate it
didn't it's just I thought he didn't run
hard enough on his economic record
lieutenant governor but there was this
strange fantasy with a lot of people in
the press corps that despite all the
polls showing him winning the Democrat
winning that just Democrats are so
hopeless didn't blow this thing and
literally there might be somebody on
Twitter who called that Democrats would
pick up 15 seats and tie or take over
the House of Delegates but I didn't know
anyone who predicted that just the the
size of this route of people in suburbs
projecting Republicans I thought and
everything hadn't quite teeth that up
but he was gonna win
he ended up he ended up winning and then
knocking over 20 chess pieces on the air
side I will say that we had some
listeners from the majority report who
did some type of polling with with
Google or Android I didn't understand it
we posted it it had Northam up 10 points
45 to 55 I put it up because people
asked me to and I was shocked last night
at the end of the evening I didn't see
that poll yeah yeah and I don't
understand it I don't know how to go
into the to the I don't know how to go
into the tabs
there it is so alright well let me ask
you that say the so with the fact that
even from from your perspective Northam
ran and uninspiring campaign even from
people who don't really sort of make
those assessments right you know people
who are just sort of not necessarily
ideologically in touch or have any skin
in the game other than I'm a citizen I'm
going out to vote so what is what is the
lesson here like I know you have a piece
up saying you know the in the wake of
gillespie can people run with Trump but
not be Trump but it doesn't seem like it
like it I mean if Virginia is the
bellwether it doesn't seem like it
matters what anybody does it's a good
good point you're making I'm if I was
Republican if I was Sean Hannity who
literally did this last night I'd point
out well you know Hillary won Virginia
so what who cares and try to move on
there are other states where most of the
Senate map in 2018 is going to be in
states that broke stronger for Trump
than Virginia did the difference is I
had a theory throughout the last few
months that just as Obama excited people
in brought into polls and defied
projections but couldn't really get
people out in the midterm or a mayor's
race etcetera etcetera I was wondering
if the same would happen for Trump and I
had talked to groups that were trying to
turn out voters specifically and then
struggling they just they they were
going to the same rural areas where
people maybe never vote it or they they
they they didn't think voting matter
they saw a democratic and they all went
for Trump and I was just skeptical for
pure gut reasons that someone like Ed
Gillespie could turn them into soldiers
for him I mean I I actually got really
bearish on his campaign when he spent a
week and everyone's ever hears the
show's really where does he spent his
final week raging against this ad that
basically nobody saw from every fund
showing black in sorry was those
Hispanic and Muslim kids being chased by
a man in a pickup truck with a
confederate flag
Gillespie sticker and a literally a week
glossy campaign complaining about this
they ran TV ads and I had some Democrats
told me he should be running TV ads and
the suburbs about how he's gonna cut
taxes not how this ad is offensive good
he was trying to get that kind of
FoxNews Trump and ie night wind them
together because it's the president
watches Fox News it's where he gets it
from this this umbrage he wanted to
reignite it for someone like him it just
it didn't come off people were not as
enthused as the Democrats and all this
is happening to while the economy is
pretty good in Virginia I guess by
cutting that cutting the Democrats paper
but you had voters who probably saw
their 401ks go up and their wages go up
and all that and they said not not this
we're I'm voting against Trump they
didn't you some people who knew her side
voted for Trump haven't seen huge gains
yet and stayed home so if I'm hearing
you correctly what you're saying is that
at least in this instance and and
perhaps we're gonna see this in 2018 is
just like the normal maybe normal plus a
little bit of human growth hormone
supplement off year election dynamic
when you have a I mean I hate to say
this but at least for Trump voters a
charismatic a guy who's not on the
ballot this time is just not going to
bring out his voters and certainly
people are criticizing Obama you know in
the in the wake of this whole DNC stuff
for not being terribly concerned with
sort of the the party apparatus i I it's
hard not to say the same thing about
Donald Trump in many respects it isn't
it isn't because Trump has actually held
a ton of fundraisers for the RNC sort of
ironically I mean there's here an and
repeatedly said in 2016 that he was
gonna sell fund and now he's he
literally created his reelection fund
over than anyone else he uses it to
raise money alongside the RNC but he
made sure the RNC had twice as much
money as the DNC the RNC used that they
through looking at the last minute five
more five million or in Virginia see
he's been trying to build them with with
money and they have the staff didn't
fall apart it was kind of just to
balance a kind of culture Republicans
going out in the last weekend it's it's
more that the it's just those those
voters who came out once for him
Democrats had this a you can't
overestimate how much confidence they
have today Democrats had this
unshakeable fear after 2016 that
something was strong and they didn't
have there's some secret sauce in the
electorate and pita they might think
they're winning and then these folks
come out and vote the people who are
profiled in newspapers every five
minutes right right I put on my pin
helmet and went to this town this town
religious factory closed down and
everyone things down Trump is the
Messiah it's like well yeah those people
exist and some of them are disappointed
how things are going something happy but
they're actually outnumbered in once
what's the point I'd make is it helps if
your candidates are not subject to a
surprise Despero bin the final week
everyone everyone hates when Hillary
Clinton says dozens and complains about
fences she says she's shifting blame but
I think this that Republicans are
thinking today boy we can't seem to stop
talking with Hillary Clinton but we're
in a problem if not every democratic
fool can't run against the 2018 is
Hillary Clinton being investigated by
the FBI it turns out that put some
points on the board for us that we can't
get back yeah and so let's I mean just
the in terms of the swing where is the
Virginia State House why is that so
important in terms of no well what
psychologically it's again I don't know
what to compare this to it's a you know
twenty to twenty ten people thought most
elections there's no analysis to say oh
well they're gonna make this up this
this is what kind of thing that happened
in 2010 where Democrats weren't even
paying attention to like the North
Carolina legislature and all of a sudden
poof it's gone so that Republicans had
gerrymander this legislature for
themselves in 2011 the Democrat central
Senate and Virginia Republican senator
fill the house they they literally drew
this so that they could not lose it and
they went into election day with a 66
234 seat majority Democrats
at best they would maybe take back seven
seats so you tee it up but there's a
governor's office and maybe they went to
Senate in 2019 but so instead what
happened was in the Richmond area and
Tidewater and in Northern Virginia and
in Roanoke which is not a huge city but
it has enough in urban center everyplace
