you know Al Franken had to go but I you
know was anticipating Al Franken on the
Judiciary Committee for hearings like
this I have to say some of the other
members on the Democratic Judiciary
Committee have have really stepped up
let's start I guess let's start with the
Kamala Harris one now I'm not
necessarily the biggest Kamala Harris
fan for reasons that we've discussed
here she she was a prosecutor and she
she does quite good at at least
interrogating a witness and in this
instance Brett Kavanaugh seems a little
bit unprepared for this line of
questioning a little bit flummoxed here
she is asking the judge now also be
clear here Brett Cavanaugh has not been
going out she'sa you know the Brett
cabin has not just been hanging out at
home waiting to get appointed to a
position of the Supreme Court
he has sat on the DC Circuit Court this
is the second-most powerful court in the
country and arguably maybe it's
incorrect to refer to it as the most
powerful but a lot of cases come through
here and virtually all of the
administrative cases all of the
questions about how our government
should function go through the court
that he sits on so there's a lot of
reason why even if he was never
appointed to the US Supreme Court
he should be rather careful about hooey
talking to about issues that have at
least some possibility nevermind
plausibility but in this case
possibility maybe even probability of
coming in front of his key of his court
which makes the this line of questioning
extremely interesting in his inability
or refusal to provide a direct answer
that much more stunning here is a Kemal
Harris asking Brett Kavanaugh about any
conversations he's had with specific
people about robert muller and the
muller investigation have you ever
discussed special counsel muller or his
investigation with anyone well it's in
the news every day i have you discussed
it with anyone with other judges i know
have you discussed posit for one second
all right this is important because
right now in his head he can remember
that he's talked about it with other
judges makes total sense right in fact
that's probably the one set of people
that you could talk to if you were you
know sitting on the second most
important court in the country with the
notion that this could come before us
judges would be exactly the people that
you would want to talk to about this
because you're not speaking out of class
right in this instance i mean remember
you are sitting in a lifetime appoint
and i'm one of the most important
federal judicial posts in the country so
you theoretically have a sense of like
judicial temperament and propriety have
you discussed muller or his
investigation with anyone at Kassovitz
benson and torres the law firm founded
by mark caso its president Trump's
personal lawyer be sure about your
answer sir
well I'm not remembering but if you have
something you want to
are you certain you've not had a
conversation about anyone at that law
firm
Kazu it's Benson kasib
vice principal Stephens I like how he's
like I'm not but if you're trying to get
me into a perjury charge it would be
cool few could give me a heads up I mean
this thing where he's like trying to
pronounce Casa wits marriage Awana
he found a judge joy my house I mean if
you want you to answer the question
about it I need to know what it is
because I don't know what it is you're
talking about
he really is making a face like that
it's sort of amazing look at this face
alright go back because this is this is
a guy who is like uh can I have can I
use one of my friends calls is that can
I do that here can we check can we just
do a timeout for a second I just need to
gather myself remembering but if you
have something you want uh specifically
are you certain you've not had a
conversation or anyone at that law firm
has would it's Benson Kassovitz
Benson and Torres which is the law firm
founded by Mark Kassovitz who is
president Trump's personal lawyer have
you had any conversation about robert
muller or his investigation with anyone
at that firm yes or no well is there a
person you're talking to my math 'king
you a very direct question yes or no
posit and he's on because there could
have been he could have like oh I
sometimes interview copy machines
at various law firms and if I like it
you're talking about a person Willy
you're giving me directions because I
just want to be clear that I'm being
you're directing me like I'm an
interpersonal communication here like
we'll the way we're doing like it's in
the Senate chamber I'm just like did I
know did I mention that I talk to judges
yes or no well is there a person you're
talking I'm asking you a very direct
question yes or no yeah I need to know
the I'm not sure I know everyone who
works at that law firm I don't think you
need to I think you need to know who you
talked with who'd you talk to
I don't think I I'm not remembering but
I'm happy to be refreshed or if you want
to tell me who you're sorry are you
saying that with all that you remember
you have an awesome now the reason why
know there is I can understand someone
being somewhat sympathetic like maybe
this guy doesn't know he's you know the
the answer you would give at this point
right to be the most generous to
Cavanaugh would be to be honest it's
conceivable that I spoke to someone who
works there and I was not aware that
they work there I talked to a lot of
people I could have casually said
something to someone it's possible they
may work there and I would not be aware
of it so I did not knowingly speak to a
person knowing that they worked at that
law firm that I can tell you for sure
but instead it's this like person Casa
wit it's weird not to know who the
person working that's the other thing I
have never met an attorney who has
talked to another attorney who didn't
know what law firm they were at now
maybe you're a judge and you're just
talking willy-nilly to people about a
case that could come before you just
willy-nilly talking to lawyers
you don't know where they're from and
you're saying anything but it's very
weird that he can't answer this question
I sit in Union I would also it also
leads me to believe that if he wants to
see a name then there's maybe multiple
people that he spoke at that firm - you
have an impeccable memory you've been
speaking for almost eight hours I think
more with this committee about all sorts
of things you remember how can you not
remember whether or not you had a
conversation about robert muller or his
investigation with anyone at that law
firm idle investigation has only been
going on for so long sir right I'm not
sure I do I I'm just trying to think do
I know anyone who works that firm I
might know that's not my question my
question is have you had a conversation
with anyone at that firm about that
investigation it's a really specific
question I would like to know the person
you're thinking of because what if they
think you're thinking of someone you
don't want to tell us who did you have a
conversation with if I am I'm not mr.
chairman I I'd like to raise an
objection here law firms are full of
people of all I'd like you to know how's
the clock thank you the clock is pause
thank you pause the clock let me raise
my dredge recognize this town is full of
law firms law firms are full of people
law firms have a lot of names there are
a lot of people who work at a lot of law
firm nice now this is Senator Mike Lee
is attempting to cover for Cavanaugh who
clearly needs a break
right and
[Music]
there's a protester telling these
senators to be a hero and vote no none
of them are but God bless all these
protesters abound in this town and there
are a lot of them they're constantly
metastasizing they break off they form
new firms they're like rabbits they
spawn new firms there is no possible way
we can expect this witness to know who
populates an entire firm if there are
names if there is a list of names he can
be given of the lawyers to whom she's
referring I think that's fine but I
think it's unfair to suggest that an
entire law firm should be imputed into
the witness's memory when he doesn't
know who works at the law firm now pause
here's the thing is it again first of
all you don't know I have to know
everybody in a law firm to know that
you've spoken to a person at a law firm
right like I can tell you people that I
spoke to who go to a certain college but
I don't need to know everybody at the
college is not a little irresponsible of
you to do that without knowing every
single person from the janitor to the
dean's but the point is is that and
Cavanaugh could certainly say like I've
talked to a lot of lawyers about it or
I've talked to two lawyers about it I
don't know what law firm they worked at
if you tell me that they work but he
doesn't want to say either that he spoke
to someone specifically at that firm or
he doesn't want to say other people
right because now in his mind he has to
come up with the name of a lawyer who
with whom she filiation he doesn't know
right he can't say hey oh I spoke to
this lawyer about it no I know they're
not at the Kassovitz
he has to come up with and he could just
say like I have no recollection of
speaking to someone at the law at that
firm but he must be aware that they have
something
how could you possibly speak to somebody
in LA and not know that about the molar
case and not know that they were working
for Trump's law firm that would be
somewhat irresponsible for you to do as
a judge seeing is how you are one of
literally 20 people in the country maybe
21 who could end up hearing that any
part of that case uh uh excuse me point
of order that's incredibly unfair like
we're trying to keep an open mind in
case I do need to rule on something like
that I've been discussing Muller with
you getting inside info for 20 minutes
now by the way which law firm you don't
you don't work for Trump do you oh no
you work at Casa which damn it that's
like woman's gonna ask me about it I
know it the same one that humiliated
Jeff Sessions don't tell me your name
don't just don't even tell me I don't
even want to know the point of order
well senator Whitehouse I'm trying to
figure out what the rules are here
because we had a very very long
discussion about whether or not points
of order were in order because this is a
hearing and we were told that all of our
points of order senator Whitehouse's
documents there's never been a time in
the two days where someone's made an
inquiry of the chair where the chair has
it recognize a member for a point of
inquiry or a point of order and I've
been around as nice now and I appreciate
that but my point is that if the rule is
that nobody on our side can make a point
of order then it ought not to be
appropriate for senator Lee to start
making points of order after all of ours
were summarily sentenced on the basis
that we were in a hearing and not in an
executive session if we've moved out of
hearing and into executive session that
I'm more than happy to make motion or
Whitehouse if the mere fact that you're
speaking right now means that you've
been allowed to make a point of water
they matter that you're talking about
yesterday was a motion that the chair
said was out of order because it was it
was an adjournment motion that would
have required us to be an executive
session anyone who makes to make it want
to make an inquiry the
chair may do so but we will limit it to
that before we go back to Senator Harris
very good that's the right result
sir please answer the question I don't
know everyone who works at that law firm
Center and have you had any discussion
with anyone ever about Bob Muller and/or
his investigation posit now what's gonna
be interesting in his response here is
again he is going to for the third or
fourth time pull another one of these
like people casa wits it's it's gonna be
slightly more more sophisticated but not
much more sophisticated not less right
like it's almost the equivalent of him
saying like well I mean I've talked to
people about different Bob's in my life
good so you said Bob Muller or so have I
ever had a discussion about Bob Muller I
used to work in the administration with
Bob Moore what about his investigation
have you had a conversation with anyone
about his investigation I'm sure I've
talked to fellow judges anyone aside
from fellow judges about Bob Moeller
about his investigation sir I'll ask
again
but I ask the question just a minute ago
I'm surprised you forgot have you had
this conversation with anyone about the
investigation that Bob Mahler is
conducting regarding Russia interference
with our election or any other matter
the fact that it's ongoing it's a topic
in the news every day I'm I talked it's
talk to fellow judges about it it's in
our you know it's in the courthouse in
the District of Columbia so I guess the
answer to that is yes so the answer is
yes okay and did you talk with anyone at
Kassovitz benson and torres you asked me
that I need to know who works there I
think you can answer the question
without me giving you a list of all
employees of that law firm well actually
I can't why not
is I don't know who works there so
that's the only way you would know who
you spoke with I want to understand your
your response to my question because
it's a very direct one did you speak
with anyone at that law firm about the
Muller investigation it's a very direct
question right I'd be I'd be surprised
but I don't know when he won I don't
know if though I don't know everyone who
works at that woman's I just want to be
careful because your question was and/or
so I want to be very literal that's
that's fine I'll ask a more direct
question if that's helpful - did you
speak with anyone at that law firm about
Bob Miller's investigation I'm not
remembering anything like that but I
want to know a roster of people and I
want to know more so you're not denying
that you spoke with me I said I don't
remember anything like that okay I'll
move on clearly you're not gonna answer
the question I mean think now we're
finally reaching a point of agreement
it's sort of weird that it takes him
eight minutes to say not that I remember
right like he didn't say anything other
than not that I remember
and that seems to me to be something
that you could say very early in that
exchange unless you realize like I've
got no other option here and and he had
a lot of time to think about that Mike
Lee gave him a lot of time and those
protestors God bless their heart gave
him a little bit more time to like
gather presumably turn to his counsel
any other white supremacist sitting
around him I joke and and ask him like
stop texting fortune memes much other
dammit very very strange now and I will
say this it's quite possible gamma
Harris was completely on a fishing
expedition she had absolutely no reason
to believe but if so she has a very good
sense
where to cast because she does she
remind that she had an exchange with
sessions a couple several months ago on
a Russia hearing that was very similar
and to be fair to sessions that was like
she definitely was getting him into
that's I think a perjury charge so he
did need to be like and he was just like
I'm not gonna like I'm gonna be very
precise like and it was like fair enough
you should because you literally if
anything's functioning could be landing
yourself in jail but she's very very
good at that yeah we we will find out if
there is something to substantiate her
asking that question and if there is
that's gonna be a little bit problematic
for Cavanaugh seems to me yeah I'm a
camel Harris tip like I have criticized
her at times that a lot of the issues I
have with her are as a representative of
the carceral State and it's just like
she's a prosecutor this is what she does
you know she goes after people she
catches them lying she makes me sweat
but if anybody deserves that kind of
treatment it's these people
it's these goals so good for her RAAA
necessary to give them this kind of
treatment like I mean they deserve it
and it's like every Republican should be
facing tribunals for like the rest of
them exactly if you're a member of this
Republican Party you should face
national local national and
international courts and tribunals of
every kind
we will incidentally get to the to the
op-ed in The Times don't don't worry
about that well that's good oh there's
people on the inside who really are
looking out for exactly
