[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
to be held for the benefit of the
Jamaican people in Kingston on Sunday
December 5th the announcement was made
at a press conference held at Jamaica
house by Maori is manager Don Taylor and
the parliamentary secretary in charge of
cultural information
Arno Bertram two weeks following that
announcement on November 22nd United
Press International reported that
Jamaica's Prime Minister Michael Manley
called new general elections for
December 15th appealing for calm in a
campaign so far marked by violence in
depth the election will be held with the
country under a state of emergency
imposed by the Prime Minister in June to
counter a wave of gun fights between
terrorists loosely affiliated with two
political parties here now is a special
item of news from the jvc newsroom
entertainer and reggae star Bob Marley
Rita Marley and the manager of the
Wailers Don Taylor are now patients in
the university hospital after receiving
gunshot wounds during a shooting
incident which took place at Marley's
home at 56 Hope Road tonight police said
the group was rehearsing for the smile
Jamaica concert when four men travelling
in a white Toyota car drove up and fired
shots
the introduction it is the tune here the
men escaped and were chased by the
police mr. Telly is said to be in a
critical position while Bob Marley was
shot in the arm the condition of Rita is
not yet known in the interview with jvc
news at the hospital Bob Marley said he
and members of his group received
numerous threats since the announcement
of the smile Jamaica concert the kitchen
was at Peterborough again pioneers
gunshot so if you're near the money my
father shot him
no no no fire a shot is what among the
group you have any form of security at
your place no no everybody universally
free some some but if he likes it yeah
smile Jamaica cancer shouldn't go on saw
them try all stop it
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show on
Mikey Brooks we are broadcasting live
from Brooklyn we're left as best as it
is everywhere come on people let's be
real what super producer Matt lek hello
hello hello you working on Obama some
producer David Slovak he's in the
digitus fear tracking everything on
discord Twitter everywhere else in this
growing TMDs community had theoretician
david Griscom is at a bong collectors
festival not with us tonight he's
traveling to Europe actually just very
head theoretician of him on this week's
program in Noah changa we're talking
about the year of 1968 the assassination
of MLK the Democratic convention what
does that have to tell us today about
everything from COINTELPRO state
violence used against civil rights
activists and other radicals as well as
specific black perceptions of guns and
the Second Amendment from 68 to killer
Mike with a Noah Chonga then Ilona
Mankowski she's here in studio we are
talking about the full craziness and the
genuine threat that John Bolton presents
to the world
what's the Bolton game that and the
latest tit-for-tat with Russia with
Ilona minkovski on this week's Michael
Brooks show but first let's start with
some news from Europe where Yanis
varoufakis the former Greek finance
minister and radical economist has
announced a new political party in
Greece which he is heading up that will
oppose austerity an attempt to
[Music]
revs:1546rpm tongue the former Greek
finance ministers
is called the European realist
disobedience front and it promises to
free his country from debt bondage for
10 years the European Union's great and
good have been extending this crisis
into the future by pretending they
solved it through lungs no bankruptcy in
the history of capitalism has ever been
overcome either by new loans or by
extending existing ones very flakiest
transfixed Europe during Greece's debt
crisis with his criticism of eurozone
policy and the austerity measures
imposed on Athens he took the country to
the brink of a euro exit in 2015 before
resigning over the terms of a bailout
for Greece very focus and academic
economists said Greece had become a
debtors colony that its young people
were fleeing in droves he wants Greeks
to disobey what he calls a ludicrous
European blueprint for reviving the
country's economy and the name of Vera
Fox's new party is democracy in Europe
movement 2025 there's a lot of lessons
to draw here from the failure of syriza
and what's happening now
cereza failed for a couple of reasons
one the macroeconomic pressures on grew
on Greece and the fact that they were in
the eurozone and therefore in the euro
could not allow them the ability to get
outside of the position of devastation
they were in they were forced in by
European policymakers and my IMF
policymakers in terms of the range of
what they could do the political failure
was that they ran for office in 2015 and
won a radical victory promising to free
the Greek Republic from the terrors of
austerity they won on that democratic
socialist message they attempted to
renegotiate terms with the Europeans and
it culminated several months in with a
European austerity package which the
syriza government brought to the Greek
people the Greek people rejected it by a
61% margin and the next move was leave
the eurozone or call the euro zone's
Bluff instead syriza did the worst of
both worlds which is go to their people
for backing for a radical
move get that backing and then
capitulate anyways which is why Farah
focus left but this does have bigger
implications for socialist government
and socialist strategy in a world that's
run by capital Jeremy Corbyn will have a
lot more room to operate as a prime
minister of the UK because they're not
in the Euro they can print their own
currency but the same rules of capital
flight looking for the best deals for
capital are gonna apply to them and
wherever you attempt to have an even
modestly radical government
we're playing inside the other teams
playing field and the traditional social
democratic arrangement that lasted in
the 50s 60s and 70s is dead and there's
no way of bringing that back because of
global competition and cheap labor
overseas and the fluidity through which
capital can move so therefore it does
mean that what Vera focus is doing
whatever his problems whatever his
mistakes is right he's launching a Greek
relief party with a euro wide agenda
there is no even beginning of a
possibility for national liberation
without global coalition's and so a euro
democracy project could fundamentally
not only liberate Greece from the terror
of austerity but re-inject democracy
into the central euro zone and make it
not just a game for Germany to win and
win and win because that's the other
dirty little secret of Europe this
policy is designed fundamentally to
benefit Germany and Germany benefits
very well the men of the sort of myth in
Germany is of these lazy southern
Europeans who spent recklessly and
irresponsibly and now need to be bailed
out because they don't work hard enough
I wonder where we've heard these types
of myths before now the reality is is
that actual labor power in places like
Greece are very high people work a lot
and these countries are much less
developed then the Central European zone
so there's a lot more sort of manual
labor jobs and you know physical
difficulty there is a real problem with
of collection of tax revenue and other
sort of forms of corruption and capital
flight which has nothing to do with a
broad robust social safety net or labor
power but Germany profited from all of
these places Greece Spain in terms of
selling them equipment for property
booms and other forms of speculation
when the euro zone was heated up and
places were floating on currency Goldman
Sachs helped Greek government's cook the
books so Germany benefited from this
bubble and now benefits again in terms
of the terror of austerity and the only
way to counteract that because the
traditional social democratic
alternatives have failed
Ã¶land ran in 2012 saying that he would
use france's position to challenge
germany's hegemony and austerity drive
he capitulated and once again revealed
that modern center-left governments
don't really have much room to maneuver
because there again they're playing in
somebody else's terrain so whether or
not this project is a failure or a
success the fundamental critique of
austerity and the connection for an
entire eurozone project is going to be
foundational for any type of actual left
electoral strategy it needs to be
globalized because capital is globalized
and unless you have that inversion
you're never gonna win and that's why
syriza has failed in government now I
know that Matt personally really hates
you on this fair FACA so did you have a
counterpoint to that man
no I don't hate I can't even pretend to
go along with it you can't even you
can't you can't even give me some some
hate me on there the one thing about
this show this show is really tight now
I still have not found the elegant
transition from those commentaries to
the next thing from going like here's
why we need a eurozone electoral policy
to like hey Matt you smoke pot right
hahaha also Mannie Fresh is dating Toni
Braxton
wait what about Birdman Oh Birdman sorry
that's not to say drama now you're
kidding through the actual important
content of the show I want DJ Dan turkey
to give us the Birdman shout out though
I mean it like to give a shout out music
I don't want to I want it to be inspired
by Birdman but with our own specific
shadow but I guess we can we can't get
to the shadow I prefer when you do it
yourself Matt yeah it's very
enthusiastic shot up
that's a Dakota shout-out right there
we're gonna talk about keith Ellison for
this week's shout out keith Ellison who
was the choice of the grassroots to be
head of the Democratic National
Committee but he lost to a charismatic
engaging electrifying firebrand named
Tom Perez who is taking the country by
storm with his amazing leadership
abilities and stunning TV appearances
keith ellison though did give an
interview recently in these times where
in addition to advocating clearly and
unequivocally from medicare-for-all
no every single person in this
country gets absolute complete health
insurance no nonsense
and by the way from our perspective
that's the first step the next step is
then to start to work our way into other
areas of the health care supply chain
that can be turned into Commons and open
resources for medical innovation and
benefit if you go back to this past
weekend's elicit history on hunter
monster that with Hunter Mott so on the
patrons where we debunked the lone
innovator myth and explained that
innovation is a social enterprise that
can connect with sort of linking
government industrial strategy with
public healthcare for broader and better
healthcare outcomes so in addition to
doing that
Ellison also floated a plan to increase
taxes and CEOs and executives who make
twenty more than people twenty percent
more than people who make their actual
products and work in there
actual businesses in other words what
he's basically suggesting here through
policy mechanisms is a maximum wage
which is exactly where we need to go you
cannot be compensated past a certain
point wealth past a certain point as
fundamentally unaccountable to the laws
of gravity of politics society and
policy and it is not a question of
individual altruism
of any particular billionaire or not
altruism it's a structural reality that
that type of wealth is incompatible with
a functioning democracy and keith
Ellison even going there and putting it
on the table in these in these times
interview is incredibly important and
really aggressive and the type of
leadership and thinking we need the
Devils in the details want to make sure
that if a policy like this ever passed
you these people couldn't sort of shift
their way and in potentially add even
greater incentive for stock portfolio
incentives right so we want to make sure
that it is its targets wages but it also
targets all these sort of other
ancillary benefits and stock options
CEOs get because that's really where the
murder comes in but Alison's talking
about that and a maximum wage needs to
be put on the table we need to raise the
floor and lower the ceiling that's the
only way we're gonna have an actual
democracy here so Keith Ellison props
and shout out for putting it on the
table Matt where would you set the
maximum wage let's go uh so yearly yeah
I'd go five million five million I buy
it what more do you need after five
million like you've got you can have
some real trinkets at five
million like I think that's even a bit
excessive but I also grew up with like
NBA athletes making twenty nine million
and I for some reason it just seems I
don't want to cut too deep into kevin
garnett salary yeah well when you talk
about MBA athletes you're talking about
like the most sympathetic people to make
that amount of money like they actually
why'd an entertaining public service and
have actual skill set and they're cool
to watch and there's a meritocracy and
there is as problematic as meritocracy
is there is an actual meritocracy but
when you're thinking about like you know
some swine sitting in Goldman Sachs it's
very easy it's lower and lower or that
maximum if you think kevin garnett yeah
if you're in finance yeah if you're in
finance it's 30 K right hey you guys
said that you were in it for the
intellectual rush of playing with the
numbers I mean you know maybe not
30 K but I mean the fact that since
these companies are all too big to fill
anyways and they essentially subsisted
and survived on massive public
transfusions of wealth after they
wrecked the global economy and they
exist in a stasis where they can do
things like credit us was a credit
suisse with the cartel money laundering
if you can do this type of or no no it
wasn't credit BDS it was BDS you be
united bankÃ­s what's yeah UBS I think it
was UBS HSBC HNO was HSBC that's who it
was
then but literally who knows right but
they were I think HSBC was the one that
put in specific types of windows for
bank tellers in Mexico to make the sort
of money bags easier to slide through so
the process was more time efficient and
Eric Holder even said something
ineffective prosecuting a firm like this
might pose systemic global financial
risk so if we know that then essentially
all these people working at banks are
public servants and they should be
making a public bureaucrat wage so I
don't know 75 grand 80 grand you want to
smuggle money for the Mexican cartels
and create new derivatives bubbles
because it's intellectually interesting
then you should make 75 grand a year and
then you know go play I guess we'll just
bail you out again when you
everything up again you think of all the
bonus chasing and stuff that happened at
the height of you know before the
financial crisis and stuff and that
stuff is incentivized when they
get to take home more and more of that
pay of course of course mythology that
it's oh no it just really stay
adrenaline of just looking at these
numbers now it's the adrenaline of
getting that check please
now let's do a pitch for a product that
will never need a bailout because it's
in a perpetual state of bailout because
it relies on all of you everybody this
Friday we're doing a second show this
week because we're on vacation next week
and on that second show
I am 99.99% sure will be the first
animation that our incredibly talented
animator is giving us Matt you saw those
mock-ups of Nation of Islam Obama it's
very exciting it's exciting that is
happening we're gonna be starting at
6:00 on Friday and also DSA State
Assemblyman from Virginia Lee Carter's
joining us we're gonna debut the
cartoons we're growing and that's
essential for paying everybody's bills
for all of us surviving for paying rent
all of the basics and now really we can
start to think about you know what it
will take to grow when we get to 2,000
patrons which is our next main goal on
the fun side or not for us fun but fun
for you Ronald Reagan Steven Robbins is
ordering us a Glenn Beck food survival
my Patriots sir yeah my Patriots supply
of America's already turning oh my god
it's gonna be disgusting we're gonna
have a contest to see which of us can
make it through how much of the bucket
the most my money's already on that but
we will see got a I bet you had a
stomach like titanium dude I grew up
eating like organic arugula there's only
so much my my system could take
so 2,000 is our next main goal we need
you to become a patron today and just
really good you know a lot a lot of
extra content at this point I mean it's
really a sort of parallel intellectual
history of everything from foreign
policy in the Caribbean to Marxist
theory to even an illicit history of sex
we have coming up with Christopher Ryan
just banged
you Ronnie Kasrils former South African
intelligence minister and revolutionary
we're talking about South Africa global
capital and his lessons from the
struggle and how it applies to all of us
it's a lot of content there plus of
course the postgame at 21 and above you
get regular phone calls there's an
amazing this discord community is so
active and so alive that it's also
producing its own form of activism we
talked last week about the efforts to
protect home care for those on public
health insurance that need it in
California that's coming out of the TMB
s discord it's a powerful community I
want to thank all of you it's time to
become a patron today if you haven't yet
keep spreading the word we've got 230
something reviews on iTunes that helps
thanks everybody for letting people know
patreon.com slash T MBS patreon.com
slash T MBS thanks all of you be right
back with a Noah Chaka
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back Michael Brooks show I'm
Michael Brooks joining us now is crew
she's hosted the way with inoa she's a
writer for the progressive army
she is a strategist a radical a
theoretician a Twitter warrior s I know
a changa thanks so much for being here
thank you for having me how are you I'm
great I'm always happy when I talk to
you you know that oh yeah
mutual you know mutual a finiti Society
