let's go to a 509 area code who's this
where he come from
if M is Reagan Ronald Reagan ladies and
gentlemen fresh off of his well not
totally fresh but fresh off of his his
visit you recently my understanding from
the Twitter's is you you you attended a
Dave Rubin concert yes and if you want
to smash a conservative woman so speak a
good place to go would be a Dave Rubin
stand-up show was there a lot of
conservatives though I'm surprised
because a lot of women there I wouldn't
say a lot but there were some I wanted
to tell you about my experience please
I'm very interested in your hearing your
experience alright so I had some pretty
good heckles planned I was gonna go
right after this guy at the same time it
wasn't totally sure what the crowd was
gonna be like and so I I wanted to sort
of feel out the room because they have
you packed in real tight it's like
sardines and this this particular
business it sold out there's a lot a lot
of people they're totally sold it it was
packed
yeah so when I arrived I noticed there
was a guy in the front row this is
everything I'm going to tell you is
totally true he had a stack of books the
book on the top was a Milton Friedman
book hmm this is a stand-up show so I
had a sense of where I was and you know
I'm seeing some Maggie hats we sit down
at our table and a couple next to us me
and my buddy Travis was there any like
Lady Jaye was there any hats that
indicated their classical liberals I
didn't notice any of those but yeah the
lady next to me she wants to talk to me
which I'm not really into but she wants
she was with her husband and
they traveled for hours it was her
birthday and she's a huge Dave Rubin fan
so now I'm thinking like I can't ruin
this lady's night like she lived all
year for this for this event plus my
buddy Travis was kind of high and he's
like I don't want like I have to be
hidden at this thing I don't want
attention so I was like okay so I was
like Travis yeah yeah yeah come on trav
anyways so I decided to kind of play it
cool but I ended up being dragged into
the show and sort of like no well how
did you get how did you get dragged
dragged into the so the whole thing
is it's not really comedy as you might
have guessed wait what just a chat yeah
Perry Mason dropped so he opens it up to
the audience he asked are there any
conservatives here are there any Alex
Jones people here are there any
progressives here well so there's every
flavor of conservative you know gets a
loud crowd or a cheer and then there
were like four progressives including me
who raised their hands and then he made
a hilarious joke about progressives
can't raise their arms because of all
that soy yeah we've heard him say that
joke before that's a staple yeah yeah
the soy pretty it's pretty hilarious
because we did raise our arms plus it
doesn't make any sense
high quality protein yeah thank you
more later he he asked who do you guys
trust in the news because he made a
really sick CNN slam and people are
shouting out you know Shapiro and
whoever and I wait for a dead moment and
I yell at the top of my lungs Sam cedar
and he looks right at me we have a
timecode on that
because we got it we're gonna find that
in the video okay yeah he looks he looks
right at me and he points at me and he
goes you need to leave no that's like
okay he wasn't serious that wasn't
supposed to be like his big slam I guess
that I should leave anyways and then
later
so he's like so you're progressive he
turns to me he's like argue about you
know I convinced me about being a
progressive and I was like what do you
want to talk about and he goes just
whatever like tell me what you want to
talk about and I was like well you used
to be one you should know and then he
said well yeah I had a nail in my head
and like I got it taken out and now I'm
better and I was like if I said well
that explains a lot anyway so he really
wanted me to just like pick a topic we
should let's talk about your good I said
let's talk about the post office yeah I
had that fresh fresh on my mind yeah so
he's like yeah you know the post office
but I just think Amazon could do it
better he did not say that and then and
then you guys have the audio so right
then he says you know when you go to the
post office and no-one's got a pen and
there's like 10 ladies in the back and
and nobody's got a pen and all you need
is a pen and first of all this is like
does not ring true to me in any way I've
never seen 10 ladies in the back I've
never they always have the pen it's
chained to the table there so he turns
back to me and I said your problem with
the post office is they don't have pens
anyways and then it got weird because
other people are chiming in
and there's actually a postal worker in
the audience and there's an alright guy
in the front row
yelling postal workers are entitled and
there that's why they're lazy because
they're government employees and so
things just got kind of weird and I
decided to you know whatever I was just
playing it cool then he wanted me to
pick another topic and somebody else
yelled out global warming and he's like
yeah you know I just think like Elon
Musk he he can figure a lot of this
stuff out you know oh my god and I said
well you know what about the EPA the we
should have a strong EPA because their
job is to regulate businesses and make
sure they're not polluting and then a
lady behind me yelled if you eat me
you're a polluter and I was like okay
I'm not about to get like literally
murdered at a Dave Rubin concert and so
she's yelling about hi I'm a hypocrite
because she's assuming I eat meat even
though I eat too much soy I can't
anyways so soy but it is he had a
t-shirt that he was going to give to the
best audience member at the end of the
show and so at the end there's like a
couple screaming ladies that really want
it but he turns to me and he says now I
think we should give this to our
progressive friend but only if you're
willing to admit that we moved you just
a little bit and and I'm not as evil as
you thought I was coming in and he's
like holding out this shirt he's gonna
give me a date Reuben report shirt and
so I said I think you should give it to
somebody else
and so he gave it to somebody else but I
want to take real quick a step back if
you'll allow me the time please
it was really interesting because Dave
Rubin presumably are you know according
to him one of the reasons he left the
left is because it was engaged and what
he called oppression Olympics right so
everyone on the on the left is aggrieved
and oppressed right and so he opens his
show and actually this turned out to be
the entire other than when he was like
trying to debate me the entire show was
him is he had another shirt for whoever
was the most oppressed in the audience
and he was saying it tongue-in-cheek
clay we're making fun of the left
electing sir oppressed who here is the
most oppressed and so people start
shouting out things like I'm a
Republican in Seattle oh and then a
crowd oh I'm a Republican schoolteacher
I'm a I'm a gauge you classical
libertarian that was the Milton Friedman
guy in the front he's a bisexual Jew and
a classic look classical liver or
classical liberal yeah classic liberal
yeah whatever is it yeah so people are
just yelling out the most rant and they
get weirder and weirder people are like
telling their whole life story so they
don't get that he was being facetious
they're actually complaining about their
lives about the oppression that yeah
that's that's the thing and then at the
end of the Q&A and literally every
question was you know what do I do
because I'm in college and like it's
really hard to be in a college where I
can't even be mice like I'm not even
allowed to be in college and my friends
my friends let left me and my family
won't talk to me and and literally every
person in that audience who viewed
themselves as being oppressed and so
it's it was this really weird dynamic
where he's trying to you know make fun
of these the perceived oppression on the
left yeah yet his entire audience is
super aggrieved and oppressed and and
one of the things that made me really
sad about it is I've talked about on the
show before like how I came out of a
pretty fundamentalist religion and even
after I left
Mormonism I was I had some sort of
homophobic baggage and I remember where
I was when I read in the Salt Lake
Tribune about a boy who killed himself
on the steps of his church building
because he couldn't live with himself as
he was as a homosexual and it was I
remember where I was sitting and what I
was wearing and when this happened
because it was such a profound moment to
me and and I became sort of
acutely aware and like instantaneously
of my you know how mistaken I was and
and what a problem this was in my
community and in others and so to be
there watching this gay man on stage
pretend like oppression isn't real and
that it's not something being suffered
at all and that the left is so
ridiculous for talking about it it
brought me back to that moment and
realizing that you know it's 2018 and
this is still happening and gay people
are oppressed not just in the United
States but in other places where it's
even worse and so like the hypocrisy of
it was was funny but there was also
something really tragic about it because
you know the oppression that that's
talked about them on the left
perhaps there's examples of it being
exaggerated or whatever but it's real
you know these white guys one guy his
question at the end was you know I'm in
the tech industry I really care about
the tech industry and like how can I
avoid becoming the Google guy the guy
who said it's like being gay in the
1950s yes this guy's like a hero to him
and like how can I be like him but
without suffering the contract fire
basically yeah so like this guy sees
himself is you know the real victim and
it's just such a toxic it's the
organizing principle of the conservative
movement I mean that is the organizing
principle of of Donald Trump support it
it's the conservative Republican Party I
mean this is what the anti PC stuff is
about it is it is it is it's what Rush
Limbaugh has been preaching for
literally decades now this sense of
aggrievement you know this loss of the
sense that they've lost privilege the
sense that the there there's something
coming to them
that they are not getting and that it is
really the fault of these other people
who are you know upstarts and and uppity
in some way I mean it that's what it's
about and as far as like Dave Rubin you
know Dave Rubin complaining about
everything's political of course you
know that's his entire life is immersed
in this stuff I don't think there's
anything wrong with that I mean I do the
same thing but I don't then pretend that
somehow the right is politicizing
everything or that the left is
politicizing everything but here's a guy
who is mocking these people and I don't
know if he doesn't remember or if he
just doesn't think it's important I mean
clearly the guy lives in LA for a reason
and it's because it fits his lifestyle
it would not fit his lifestyle to be
married to a someone of the same sex
same gender if he was living in rural
Georgia or rural Alabama or rural many
many other places in this country and I
still remember when George Bush got up
did a fireside chat more or less in
night time prime time speech to the
country saying that he was gonna have to
push for a constitutional amendment that
would deny gay people the right to to
marry like literally like water right
into the Constitution a second-class
citizen for gay a citizenship for gay
people and I guess you know dave rubin
has this in his back pocket now and
thinks it came from nowhere but you know
right yeah I just think it's indicative
of I don't know I mean I would say that
there's something darker lurking there
but I just don't think that he's that
complex of a person I really think it
yeah I think it does I mean if there's
any doubt about cuz he tries he's trying
to play that I'm just Larry King of
ideas right
this thing it but if you had any doubt
about sort of what's going on he was in
a room with where there were build that
wall chance full of Trump supporters
there was an Alex Jones contingency he
asked were there any Alex Jones people
in a group in the front cheered really
loud
all of these people the only person he
thought he needed to like challenged
because he's all about challenging ideas
with me the progressive he didn't ask
any of those Alex general he didn't
clown any the Alex Jones people for
being like ridiculous on the pace right
he didn't challenge any of the build of
all people her build you know believing
in you know the the stupid idea of a
wall it was me that he wanted to pick
out and and try and you know whatever
debate the last thing is the show was
already terrible and then it ground to a
complete halt because he kept teasing
that he had a member of the intellectual
dark web in the back and he was going to
bring him out and I thought it was maybe
gonna be Jordan Peterson because they're
on tour and they're doing a show in a
couple days but ended up being this this
professor from Evergreen State who got
fired or I guess he resigned
Brett Weinstein right he's allegedly a
progressive but he's a biology professor
you're at a comedy club and a biology
professor comes out on and they had like
the last hour was this Q&A with this guy
and how many hours was the show it was
about two hours and an hour of it was a
Q&A with Brett Weinstein yeah it was
horrible like the the first problem I'm
like writing notes to my friends like
first of all are you high right now
number two do you know who this guy is
no I didn't either so it's just some
 guy they all
right oh they always one lady was like I
have to tell you what you mean to me and
my family and she's like practically in
tears this guy's like some sort of weird
right-wing Jesus and anyway so the the
show really really ground to a halt for
me I kind of thought it would be like if
you did a stand-up show right and then
halfway through you were like I got
something really special and you brought
out John from San Antonio like mm our
fans um our fans would be like hell yes
yes this is my get this is my
guy
and but for somebody who was like just
there for a comedy show they'd be like
why is this guy talking about like the
third District race in North Carolina
this is the weirdest guy I've ever heard
but anyways it was for me I came away
and so did Travis although maybe in a
slightly altered state like really kind
of freaked out by the whole thing and
I'm sorry I'm talking too much but this
is the last thing I'll say you know
people keep saying you hear people say
well racism will die with the with the
boomers or whatever or conservatism will
will die out and Trump did really poorly
with younger people and but really well
with sort of our geriatric population
and it's frankly it's kind of freaky to
see this room of really young people
with really out their ideas who found
this commonality he's able to blend
together all the different shades of of
conservatism and bring them together one
oh there was one moment I want to tell
you about there was a guy in the front
with alopecia I think it's a condition
where you can't grow hair right and he
went but he was in a video that went
viral because he was with the alt-right
at a protest in Seattle and and somebody
called him a skinhead
and he came over and was like I'm not a
skinhead I have alopecia and the guy was
like oh okay sorry
but he's still an alt writer right but
but not a skinhead so this guy was in
the front row and Dave Rubin like
recognized him from the video and so
Dave Reubens like stand up let me shake
your hand and and so Dave Rubin starts
telling the story he's like yeah this
guy was at a protest and they accused
him of being a Nazi and a skinhead and
then a lot of people started cheering
and the guy goes that's not the part of
the story you're supposed to cheer and
dave rubin looks out at the crowd and
goes what did i build and then sort of
like gathered himself and told the rest
of the story that like not we've all i
got to tell you we got the file and we
were all like about 30 minutes of it
that that was kind of telling i think it
was maybe a moment of like oh my god I'm
like a I'm this gay guy who lives in
West Hollywood and Here I am
entertaining a group of neo-nazis there
you go it could happen to anybody
appreciate Ronald Reagan you really
deserve a medal for sitting for an
entire day and we appreciate you telling
us about it and I will I will actually
go through that audio but I have a
feeling I'm gonna do it like Travis so
yeah yeah he he did offer to buy me a
drink he did this whole thing where he's
like you and I we should talk more about
this that's what I'm all about ideas and
let's get a drink after and we'll we'll
talk about I gave him a big thumbs up
and I was like yeah dude let's do it
and he skedaddled dude do you have a
sense of the class breakdown among the
crowd there
no I I didn't I don't have a cent I
don't really have a feel for that but
lots of young people somebody one of the
questions somebody asked was how do you
feel about the growth of in cells and in
cell shaming that was one of the
questions from the crowd I don't know
even what that means but there do seem
to be a lot of these people who are
somewhere on the spectrum maybe who like
just watch YouTube and yeah this is why
the young young angsty dudes we need
some like self-help books for young
angry white guys that teach them that
socialism will make you happy and get
you weighed so we need I think the call
Thank You Ronald Reagan I don't know
that that's I think I mean personally I
think just debunking this stuff will
will over time knock off like you know
10 15 % of his support I mean that's
just you know we we hear from those
people from time to time but I don't
think that they perceive I don't think
that they perceive what they're there
for what you consider to be politics and
thus the solution I don't think it even
occurs to them that it has anything to
do with economics and I don't think that
they and which is why I don't think that
they would be open to that argument for
them it is all cultural
