[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
where everyday casual Friday that means
Monday is casual Monday Tuesday casual
Tuesday Wednesday casual hump day
Thursday casual Thurs that's what we
call it and Friday casual Shabbat comma
chart a report with sam cedar
it is Friday October 6 2017 my name is
Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA scheduled Friday folks you
know what that means
means it's Friday and look casual and
joining us on the program today cliff
Schecter from here he may be in studio
hopefully if he finds his way over there
also on the program today
maybe Judy gold I don't know she's very
she being cagey she thinks she'll be
here maybe she maybe should be on what
percentage is talking about I feel like
it could be 95 percent sure that she's
here Oh or it could be like two percent
chance she's gonna be so sixty fifty I
don't know okay meanwhile when we talk
about percentages for Trump's
addle-brained folks this is the calm
before who knows what meanwhile
Tillerson is on a knife's edge as Trump
set to explode the Iran deal chief of
staff John Kelly's cell phone was
apparently compromised Trump nominates a
coal lobbyists as EPA's number two and
the Trump administration is in a
full-out full-on assault on the
Affordable Care Act they are going to
repeal de facto and replace man maybe
and it turns out Harvey Weinstein is a
predatory scumbag who
so I feel like a lot of people had that
sense House passes a budget inland route
to cutting rich people's taxes and it
looks like the steel dossier looking
even more credible thank us there's a
tape there's a tape I can tell you
there's a tape all this and more on
today's program ladies and gentlemen it
is casual Friday thank you for joining
us if this is the first time that you've
joined us this week we were we have won
our fifth best news and politics podcast
award at podcast award calm and you know
it's prestigious because they have their
own website it's not we didn't win it
from podcast award to dot-com or the
official podcast award comm know podcast
award calm the official which happens to
be the official but I'm just saying
their URL do I understand sir
so we won our fifth one I think era of
the pajama boy is over I thought that
was coming from me and I got it was like
oh my god it's that what over Garrett do
you remember the drop you did once I'm
Matt when I was I was promoting voting
for the podcast Awards for like the
umpteenth time and you did the Bernie
like I don't want to beat a dead horse
here so thank you to those folks who
have voted for that so last night I mean
I feel like I tell the same story all
the time but I figured something out
last night
so when Nicki is away Saul comes into my
room well he comes into our room all the
time anyways but usually I don't I don't
have to deal with as much because he
doesn't he's not terribly interested me
I'm I'm second choice I'm like a distant
second choice so he comes in
and the thing is he usually kicks me or
or somehow he wants maybe to cuddle with
me and I have figured out now that I can
actually switch out a 3/4 length you
know one of those long pillows for me
and he's happier with it he can kick it
and he can grab on to it and then what I
do is I sneak out of my bed and go sleep
on his bed because frankly he's got the
best house best bed in the house and of
course it's his Casper
it's an obsessively engineered mattress
at a shockingly fair price
try Casper for this is my favorite part
about this whole deal and I think a lot
of other companies have started this but
it was so successful for Casper 100
nights risk free in your own home a
hundred nights sleeping on a mattress
folks if you can't figure out what
mattress you want to be on just in 60
days 60 nights I think you got some
deep-seated issues but a hundred nights
my god if you don't love it they will
pick it up and refund you everything
they have free shipping and returns to
US and Canada they have over 20,000
reviews and an average of 4.8 stars I
don't know why it's not 4.95 frankly
totally I had to be totally honest I
imagine I imagine like a point one of
that non four point nine stars as
opposed to four point eight stars is
like people going like I really need
like a hundred and twenty two days to
determine if I like a mattress it's
quickly becoming the Internet's favorite
mattress and so here's the deal with in
it they deliver it directly to your door
free of shipping free shipping
you get $50 off any mattress purchase by
visiting Casper comm slash majority and
use the offer code majority that's $50
off any mattress you purchase they've
got all the sizes and I mean I don't
think I've enjoyed sleeping on what is
it what do they call the smaller twins
right then twin mattress in the 20 years
prior to Saul getting his I don't know
why we got him that one well he needed
it because he was getting out of his
crib that's why cuz you're a decent pair
no no okay like I say honest self
assessment there okay
Casper dot-com / majority use the offer
code majority you get $50 off check it
out now terms and conditions apply all
right let's just play I want to play
this clip because this is what
everybody's talking about well yeah
let's play the Milo thing and then we'll
play the Trump ominous Trump quote later
but so their big story in BuzzFeed weird
we're working on getting the reporter of
this piece it's a really important piece
that talks about the relationship
between Breitbart and essentially their
point person remember when Bannen said
we are the platform for the alt-right
it's a very important piece which really
sort of lays out the nexus between the
milos and the bright parts and the
self-proclaimed neo-nazis and white
supremacists and it's a fascinating
piece it also the if you look at the
construction of the way that people like
Milo kept them sort of at bay in public
or Peter teal the way they keep them at
bay
in public you start to understand where
folks like sam harris and dave rubin fit
on this spectrum i'm not saying they're
in cahoots with them or they talk to
them i don't know but you can see where
these things are on the spectrum and you
know people love to talk about the
slippery slope when it comes to like oh
what if these college kids who are there
for three or four years protests because
they don't want so-and-so to come and
speak the slippery slope i honestly I
don't know where the slippery slope goes
from from there but you can definitely
see a slippery slope when you start with
people who try to intellectualize
anti-muslim bigotry and they talk about
like these things we need to discuss
these things and how it just sir slides
into this this piece really sort of
examines that this video that was part
of the piece is sort of where I guess
the slope meets the plateau right um and
that's where Milo in a bar I'm not sure
where is this in Dallas he identified it
just as a Texas bar okay I recall I
think I see the words Dallas behind ya
thing but it's a Texas bars in Texas
Milo is dressed in a casual summer
dining dinner dear dinner dinner tire
and he is doing karaoke he's singing
what is it god Bless America what
America the Beautiful right and to a bar
full of his pals many of whom appear to
be neo-nazis based upon the neo-nazi
salute they give while he's singing this
song
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
he's gonna do the twice this is as
they're all Zeke highly and now here is
and Michael hope you send this to Matt
to my Leon innopolis responds to this on
the Twitter's and understand Milo has
since been sort of I don't know if
excommunicated right word in fact not
really we can see from this piece that
he was fired from Breitbart after some
tapes about his perspective on
pedophilia came out but we can also see
from that piece that he was walked over
by Breitbart people into the Mercer's
home essentially where he figured out
what his next venture was going to be
and how they were going to fund it so
here is my low yeah monopolist as a
statement people know or have seen from
my squinting during public speeches in a
dark bar I did not see these hand
gestures if I had realized white
nationalist losers were hailing me as
their leader
I'd have immediately walked off stage
now the fact of the matter is he
probably did walk off stage after he
finished his multiple repetitions of the
final line of the thing right
he didn't even from sea to shining sea
he did it like three times as they were
hailing him but now to be fair to those
white nationalist losers maybe they
weren't handling him as leader they were
just hailing you know the spirit of
Hitler and maybe that's Milo's out there
that he knows because Milo clearly knew
that they were there it's not like Milo
was dropped in on a helicopter he knew
those white nationalist losers were
there because he came with
them to the bar but the real issue with
them is like oh I would have been
offended that my known friends who are
known neo-nazis actually saluted me with
the Z Kyle that's where I draw the line
and then he goes on to write in that
tweet
I'd have immediately walked offstage I
stand for as always race-blind
nationalism what does that mean it's the
same thing that that Bannon was pushing
we're civic nationalists not not race or
or bile biological nationalists that's
the way that he tries to separate
himself from the the neo-nazis and the
supposed white supremacists all right I
should say self-proclaimed white
supremacist that's the way they try and
delineate it but that's a pretty thin
slice folks that's basically you let me
tell you why you make that distinction
it's because you know one is problematic
and one is slightly less problematic and
in fact throughout the piece you can see
where when they're writing pieces that
Breitbart you can see the editors go
like this goes a little bit too far into
this territory not oh my god I didn't
know you harbored these horrible racist
ideas you're fired
we don't I can't believe it I never knew
this about you know it's like as your
editor let me suggest that you we don't
do this because this is a little bit
off-brand for us
okay and during the piece you also see
Milo who clearly associates himself with
white supremacist talk about lean on and
others to Bannen lean on him being a gay
man as being like sort of the get out of
jail get out of cop being called the
racist or whatnot
for free card and Milo delivers on that
in this statement the last lines are now
if you'll excuse me I'm enjoying my
honeymoon with my black husband now Milo
Yan innopolis
as he's told us so many times before had
a black boyfriend and now they are
married and look certainly I don't have
to explain the concept to a civic
nationalist if that's what he wants to
call himself the idea of self-hate do i
I mean I can't tell you how many emails
or tweets I've got at me like I'm a
self-hating Jew or a self-hating white
because I'm a traitor to my race I don't
know what goes through Milo's mind I do
know that he may be married to a or he
is married to a black husband uh I think
we can find records in the history of
like racists who have involved
themselves with black people sexually
right Strom Thurmond right I mean it's
not like this doesn't happen well it's
not even like that I mean even more
deeply the whole but it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter I don't care what's in
Milo's heart when I say he is a racist
white supremacist neo Nazi it's because
of his behavior and who he promotes in
society and what his envision for
society is not who he decides to marry
or have sex with and then exploit to try
and justify I mean some of my best
friends are neo-nazis
so I'm not coming out against neo-nazis
I mean honestly right that's the
construct some of my best friends are
black in fact my husband is black and
I'm gay where have I heard the idea of
someone of a gay man being married using
that as some type of defense against
being a right-winger hmm all right we're
gonna take a quick break when we come
back cliff schecter will be in
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report ladies and gentlemen it's casual
Friday but sometimes to be casual you
have to be formal and then what happens
is you go through form and you pass
through function and then you get to
this cliff Shack down live at a sellout
see
new media public relations and strategy
of these services you know who you gotta
see yes ladies and gentlemen cliff
Schecter and not a normal cliff Schecter
but an in-studio cliff Schecter you get
a he's not connected to this button is
he hold on Matt forgot to Matt you get
all that this day would come
well you would have a massive scrub ok
talk talk right into the mic
what's going on no no right now I don't
know what happened it's difficult just
plug his into the to the other input let
me translate well into the the Kelly's
input old Kelly's Republicans are stupid
Republicans are dumb guns are bad go
hello ok yeah there we go
yeah you missed my joke about you all
right you got a we're gonna do put the
microphone so that you can actually yeah
there you go talking something like
basically eat it yeah there you go
sweetie
make look at the mic Coletti welcome to
the in studio thank you it's always
great to be here I think it's been a
couple months and this time for your
guys benefit I didn't bring my family Oh
always a pleasure mrs. Schecter you can
sit down now and stop checking out
everything and pricing it in the studio
there was a lot of I mean that's a lot
of equipment we had Jewish mother she'll
stand up and check Wow how did you guys
pull this all together yeah well it's a
good question look in Kannada 1995
actual examples notice some of your your
children tried to come out of here with
some cables and tried to steal them to
do I presume to set up unprecedented
that's right your own podcast
unprecedented odd cast you do that you
must go sign up at iTunes
www.hp.com yes yeah if you actually use
your kids to literally steal equipment
from here to set up a podcast that would
be amazing well I just teach them that
would actually be how this podcast was
born right from from that's the reason
I'm smiling air America stealing they
were in so much financial troubles I
remember just because you were sort of
carting out some of the materials from
I'll tell you what did happen including
mark Greene's razor
I was sent up to North right exactly I
was sent north and I was doing my show
up in Hudson New York for a year or so
and when we switched owners for the
fifth or sixth time I went down to the
tech guys and I was like do you need
that 360 back I mean I had a couple
things maybe I had like a boom maybe I
had a couple of mics not that much but I
had some that was there's some was mine
and I said you need that stuff back and
the guys just looked at me like did
nobody no nobody has a clue what's going
on here you bring that stuff back he's
gonna be a pain in my butt that's right
and I was like go rate I know they have
like any furniture you can take out I
and then the best part was I I won a
lottery they had did a raffle for a
massive TV like not a flat screen you
know it was back in the day when it was
like one of the big one but alright huge
you had the big back tonight came and I
want it I was so psyched so you pulled
like I like to keep the story alive you
pulled a Mike Huckabee and the
governor's mansion in Arkansas India
just everything that was not actually
nailed to the floor he apparently carry
I tried they still manage to go out of
business own me
literally 30 grand really yeah oh yes
and I'm sure you were one of many I'm
guessing I I imagine yeah I imagine but
I was not I never made it to the
creditors thing because the guy they
were gonna get sued by after uh and then
they just kept sort of stringing out and
then they just pulled the trip plug and
then it was too late but whatever it
doesn't matter
that makes logic art green thanks mark
no mark Greene was allows in his fault
okay I just say I knew how much you
hated more creamy when I said who would
you vote for Mike Bloomberg or mark
green and you actually were like I'd
move out of the city or you that was
extremely just not vote I mean yeah no I
would move out on city in that situation
but I had to be okay so let's get to
this cliff you saw the the video we just
played of my lolly on innopolis yeah
swooning now unfortunately a little bit
of sorcery step he he doesn't know that
there are things like called contact
lenses that exist or glasses and and so
he had no idea that the white
supremacists he came into the
establishment with we're still there and
that they were Zeke hailing him
otherwise he would have stormed off that
stage I can tell you right now because
he's married to a black man and so but
but what's fascinating is you can see
there's so much in that piece and we're
gonna you know talk about it really with
the report but you can see the there's
so much in there about how the right
exists and gross I mean this is you know
we finally gotten to really the sort of
the endgame you know as the sort of like
the the zeitgeist of the conservative
movement has sort of moved into where
like there's not even the shame or you
know that or they're you know they've
moved past having to be ashamed well
just on the verse it happens the first
time you have one
guys on your show so somebody points out
okay Sean Hannity had somebody on who
had neo-nazi ties
I may just sort of laugh at often like
oh well you know that was a couple years
ago and he was drunk and you know you
know when you're drunk you can't always
make out the goose-step and you know I
mean and then as it goes on this is the
way we always talk about this stuff the
sort of frog and the boiling and the pot
thing which is a terrible metaphor by
