[Music]
where everyday casual Friday that means
Monday is casual Monday Tuesday casual
Tuesday Wednesday casual hump day
Thursday casual Thurs that's what we
call it and Friday casual Shabbat the
majority report with sam c de it is
Friday October 26 2018 my name is Sam
cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA it's casual Friday folks
joining us to look back on the week that
was and still is Ben Dixon from the
Benjamin Dixon show also on the program
comedian Ted Alexandro news special out
check it out at Ted Alexandro con maybe
we'll talk to him about that also on the
program up to 12 bombs and Counting sent
to demonized non Republican figures a
suspect is now in custody a Florida man
who like most flawless flaggers came
from a van full of pro-trump posters
very suspicious meanwhile Trump
considers sending troops to the border
to guard against wayward piggybacking
parents and also in Florida Democratic
governor candidate Andrew Gilliam may
win been Milsons Senate seat for him
meanwhile the Saudis now admit that the
Khashoggi killing was premeditated
slight reversal from when they said it
he left the embassy and finally
regulatory relief for abusive payday
lenders care of Mick Mulvaney 's
consumer financial protection hahaha
Bureau and the megyn kelly 69 million
dollar experiment has ended New York
State sues Exxon for misleading
investors on climate change and Trump
proposes a Rube Goldberg mechanism to
achieve the Democratic plan to lower
drug costs and also he's lying meanwhile
a Democrats ignoring Trump in campaigns
at record levels while Republicans focus
on brown people
and lastly Brazilian elections this
Sunday the fascist balls bowl Cynara up
by 10 percent if you are listening from
Brazil please vote otherwise good luck
keep your fingers crossed all this and
more ladies and gentlemen on casual
Friday yes it is the famous casual
Friday here in in the majority report
just one more note on Brazil apparently
Lula says ask Brazil not to go on a
fascist adventure but you know we know
how luring that can be super annoying
also Noam Chomsky pointed out that
bolster his plans for the Amazon
rainforest alone could also be another
nail in the coffin of global climate
because of the Amazons distinct role and
regular regulating the global
environment that would be
voting out of fear I wish I could do a
Portuguese that I have Brazilian accent
for it like Brit like voting out yeah
yeah if you get rid of it Amazon's very
Jackie aunty that one I like the one
with Lenin which was somebody said like
so I say he took money from the from the
Germans I say we get rid of Lenin we
give the power back to the Tsar we wait
for a real revolutionary to come over
said Jimmy doors grandfather I don't
know why we're getting it so early in
the program
what at today's sponsors is news voice
dot-com / majority you're aware of just
how hermetically sealed many of us are
they left and the right the right of
course are hermetically sealed in a
world of news that is many times
incredibly fabricated in fact most of
the show today is about the idea of like
you know these two different these two
different narratives that seem to exist
in the country and they're competing for
each other for in terms of electoral one
is we need better health care the other
is that there are throngs of invaders of
families who instead of going to out to
a family picnic are going to invade the
country and and beat us up with
pacifiers and you know like a stuffies
which is not good for pre-existing
conditions and Democrats want that right
example that's what that there's a new
media company that has come up with
their own response at least to these
problems of the hermetically-sealed news
bubbles that people are in not so much
the other problems but maybe one will
help the other it's called news voice
it's an app for iOS and Android it gives
you access for free I'm sorry you can
get access for free at for this app if
you go to news voice dot-com slash
majority gives you a personalized news
feed by aggregating a mix of mainstream
media sources international sources and
independent media sources multiple
sources are provided for each news story
so in my mind that's the best thing
about this service is that if you want
to have arguments with people about
stuff it's very important to know what
they are what they're sort of starting
point their basic assumptions are the
entire app is fueled by crowdsourcing
you can upload stories you think are
important so more people will see them
you can add stories to the app you can
add a source that's missing to the story
it's meant to be completely open and a
democratized news aggregator like I said
lets you get every side of every story
they also have video interviews a series
featuring guests from Chris Hedges to
Alexandria Acacio Cortez go download the
app for free at news voice comm slash
majority if you are listening to this
program we have it in the podcast
description if you're watching this
program it's in our youtube description
check it out news voice comm / majority
alright so today we're gonna be talking
about this with with Ben Dixon broadly
speaking we are now what 10 days out
from the from the election I can't do
the math a week from Tuesday and
[Music]
obviously super important to get out
there to tell people to vote my basic
assumption is that 99.9% of you who are
listening to the sound of my voice are
planning to vote so I'm not gonna waste
my time imploring you to vote I am going
to waste my time imploring you to get
other people to vote find by any means
necessary those people who you think are
not voting and have them vote super
super important even if you think you're
in a safe district the sheer numbers
will help the narrative and that's also
important that's what a big part of
politics is and it's you go out there
and you vote you get people involved who
knows where it goes from there so go out
meet some people talk to some
maybe you will create relationships that
will be helpful two weeks from now when
you start agitating for the winners of
these elections to do what you want them
to do which is ultimately just as if not
more important well probably more
important but obviously one is
subsidiary to the other they have to be
in office for you to be able to agitate
that to them to get them to do what you
want so here is Donald Trump he is in
Wisconsin Wisconsin reportedly has
purged their rolls of hundreds of
thousands of voters certainly know in
the run up to the 2016 election they had
practiced a finely-tuned
form of voter suppression they have a
strict voter ID which targets African
Americans and students at least at the
top of the list
Donald Trump is there campaigning for
Scott Walker who is in big trouble he
predicted at the beginning of this year
he would be in big trouble
hopefully he loses badly but Donald
Trump here lays out what Republicans and
we're gonna play other clips from people
who are pundits to people who are
candidates and Donald Trump here is just
laying the groundwork you will hear this
is obviously the message that
Republicans are running on which is be
afraid of brown people and let me come
up with multiple different ways of
trying to express it so if you're not
afraid of brown people because of this
small anecdote you're gonna be fraid of
brown people for that anecdote and then
of course a trump adds his own sort of I
want to say hyperbole but it's really
just complete lying in in presenting
this case it's so so and you know where
I grew up near Long Island we have like
these great communities and they were
infiltrated with MS the
- and we got a racist get him the hell
out we are actually we actually are but
we are getting him out of this country
by the thousands
you can believe her
[Applause]
but you know it's like a liberating like
a war like there's a foreign invasion
and they occupy your country and then
you get them out through whatever and
they call it liberation you're liberated
ice goes in and they're much tougher
much stronger and much water they go in
and they in a relatively nice way I want
to say that relatively guys they get
them out they put them in the paddy
wagons and they get them out of the
country they bring them back home or
worse or worse or worse the percentage
of members of ms-13 that ice has
arrested in the two years of the Trump
administration we don't know exactly
because I don't know if they released
this type of data but it can't be
anything just by sheer numbers unless
there were hundreds of thousands of
members of ms-13 in this country it
can't be more than a couple of
percentage points ice is far more adept
under the trump administration of
rounding up and deporting moms and dads
of middle-class families people have
been here for an extended period of time
I mean this is all obviously alive but
that is just you got to start like you
know you got to think about this is like
steps right you can't get to the top
step in terms of like incredible lies
unless you go through these subsidiary
steps and so and now he's taking us to
stuff that like honestly the idea that
grown people
I understand motivated reasoning but the
idea that grown people don't get up and
walk out and go like this is just too
much what if somebody sees me here at
this point after this lie is blows my
mind I called
and these towns have been liberated and
the people at slapping they're looking
I'm telling you it's like like watching
World War two movies
it's like watching documentaries on
World War one and World War two the
occupations they get them they take them
out and the people are in their windows
and clapping and screaming and they're
happy
this is ice and the Democrats want to
terminate us they want to get rid of
them I posit
has a I mean is there anybody in the
audience is just gonna like well I mean
maybe he's exaggerating maybe there
aren't people wouldn't we be the people
that would have seen that footage but
you know what I think partially what's
going on though and this doesn't in any
way undermine your point is that is the
the I forget who first came up with the
phrase but taking Trump seriously but
not literally and I think there's a lot
of like for all intents and purposes if
you're this xenophobic and bigoted in
your voting in it might as well be right
like ms-13 is do that in their windows
because there's too much peace eNOS but
inside they close the drapes and then
they're cheering out there so I think
he's actually so it's a funny way I
think he's actually saying like they're
basically saying like it's all the same
to me
and here's like a touch of ridiculous
non-violence conspiracy I know it's the
exact same sort of lie but just flipped
as he said when when he said Muslims
were celebrating 9/11 yes yeah I think
that's exactly in a sad day we're inside
it literally I think that's exactly
what's going on and I say want to get
rid of her
so if you want to uphold our laws our
borders and our way of life you need to
vote for Scott Walker and glia bar she's
so funny I'm so impressed that I got her
name right Luke MA that is that is you
know why he said that right because
phonetically that's the way it's spelled
out on his on his on his teleprompter
how is he how is he not like a
professional Liberace impersonators he
kind of is is basically a professor I'm
a really racist professional Liberace
impersonating with the maturity of a
teenager less than alright folks we're
gonna take quick break and when we come
back Ben Dixon from the Benjamin Dixon
show
you
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program the
proprietor and host of the Benjamin
Dixon show available on iTunes and
stitcher and at the Benjamin Dixon show
calm Benjamin Dixon hello Ben yeah I'm
doing great Sam I'm always a pleasure to
be here with you all how's it going over
there
it's going great thank you so much for
joining us let's just briefly talk about
this I mean it's sort of I don't know
maybe I you know on some level I feel
like I'm not doing my job as a plumb
assist and as a sort of you know
propagandist in the most a sort of value
neutral expression but there have been
12 bombs now sent to Democratic leaders
and and you know one guy associated with
the you know and a couple of like
administrative people like Brennan and
hold right and you know I don't know why
these bombs didn't go off I'm not a bomb
maker or a bomb defuser and but they
could have and maybe those people
wouldn't have been killed but it would
have been other you know people but the
idea of like bombs being sent to the top
leadership of the opposition party seems
a little problematic and you would
imagine that like everything would stop
right and they have found the guy here's
a picture of his van
it is adorned with pictures of Pence and
Trump and pictures of like Michael Moore
with a target on it Hillary Clinton with
a target on it Jill Stein with a target
on it others and I mean it's and now I
don't know maybe it's all falls flat
maybe this is maybe when they get in
there it's gonna be you know I don't
know Tom Perez is going to be that's his
band and whatever but highly unlikely
well just give me your sense of how
underplayed this is in like the idea
that Donald Trump you would think that
that Donald Trump would like sake all
the other the former president and say
hey just want you to know we're doing
everything we can to protect you
yeah yeah that's that's the most one of
the most notable things outside of the
the insanity of bombs being sent itself
I feel like you like I gave the same
disclaimer on my podcast this morning
like I I mentioned it but I didn't want
to stay there because there's just too
many variables there that we don't know
except for the ridiculousness that we're
getting from Donald Trump and the
Conservatives this perfectly sealed her
medical they exist in they have accepted
in their minds even the president he's
floating this idea that it's it's a
false flag that's clearly a possibility
but to have that spread by the president
before the FBI can actually resolve that
that is the case just shows you just how
ridiculous I mean how far going we are
to the point where that that behavior by
Trump is the exact same thing that
drives our news cycle that it's just
constantly day after day we can't even
keep up with this so now that twelve
bombs have been set our packages that
are suspected of being bombs or whatever
they are you know it's it's not nothing
shut down nobody's moving any slower the
news is still going just as fast as ever
but I mean let's talk about this notion
of people floating that it's a false
flag right like look I think I saw that
guy Brett Weinstein you know making some
argument about like it would be
irresponsibility the idea of raising
this question shouldn't be criticized in
some way right and Bert I do not
remember a single instance when any of
these people when anybody ever said it
was a false like like hypothesized that
it could be a fall
flag when we had any other type of like
the Time Square bombing or this other
stuff because I mean let's be honest
here it is a possibility that it's a
false flag in the same way that it's a
possibility that it's a false flag of a
false flag of a false flag of a plan
exactly
like the idea that someone's gonna send
out 12 bombs and it's some type of
democratic operative okay and they're
gonna send this out and not get caught
right like they're so good at this that
they can send out 12 bomb packages and
not get caught is highly highly unlikely
it seems to me like beyond unlikely it
is almost to the level of absurdist now
it's possible yeah you could have a
crazy person who sends this who is like
I'm supportive of of all these people
and therefore I'm sending it and I won't
get caught and they're completely crazy
but it's not really a false flag as much
as it is it's a crazy person who has
been driven to do something crazy and
you know no doubt this guy has some some
some some mental issues if it's a guy
who sent these out but this is like you
know there are certain the the idea of
entertaining this as a false flag like
it's an operation right like the right
um is just absurd and it is I don't know
to me that's just it it's absurd it's
but it's to be expected from certain
circles like Dinesh D'Souza this is
right part of course this is this is how
he makes his money right to have it
coming from the White House I don't care
if Donald Trump is the president I don't
care how ridiculous Donald Trump is to
have that coming from the White House
absolutely undermines the entire process
right and I'm not surprised that Donald
Trump is doing this but we still can't
like let that be an excuse for how
absurd this is at some point we have to
grab
hold of one of these new cycles and and
not just be flung around with the with
the madness all day and cling on to the
fact that this is happening right before
our eyes and and and it's being
spearheaded by the President of the
United States I think one of the reasons
we can't make anything stick to Donald
Trump it's because we're spinning so
fast and he knows that and he's
contributing to that and I think that's
why he floated the false flag notion
this morning and I don't know if it's
this morning or last night but when he
floated it he knows what he's
contributing to he's contributing to the
chaos let's listen to this clip from
what's her name trish regan she is on
Fox Business and she has an interesting
take as to what caused this the
situation with these bombs but also sort
of like you know there is a a Chiron
underneath that the breaking news US
troops are deploying to the border
because been as you know and I'm sure
you know you are I believe down the
Atlanta area so you were south of us and
I imagine this makes this that much more
harrowing for you but approximately
2,000 miles from you there are almost
2,500 families with children who
terrifying who are obviously looking to
take over your home so but let's listen
to what Treasury can break this down for
us night plus new tonight a nationwide
manhunt underway for the suspected male
bomber we have fresh Intel that Florida
Maryland and New York are key areas of
interest meanwhile the media is
ratcheting up its attacks on the
president saying these heinous acts are
all his fault the media refusing to take
