[Music]
[Music]
along with master politicians like James
Farley and Louie how the president
surrounds himself with bright young
college professors such as Raymond moly
Rexford guide Tugwell and Adolf Berle
men who generate new ideas and new
policies they are the brain trust of the
Roosevelt Revolution welcome to the
Michael Brooks show were broadcasting
live from Brooklyn USA were left is best
as it is everywhere else with super
producer matt black hello chief
economist david Griscom how's it going
so Brewster David Slovak is in the
digital sphere and the ever growing ever
expanding ever radical TMDs universe on
this week's program Daniel Bessemer he
is author of rise of the defense
intellectuals a professor at the
University of Washington and foreign
policy we're talking about breaking the
imperialist consensus what does a
socialist foreign policy look like what
can we do to stop the slaughter in Yemen
and the rise of the think tank
intellectual and how it relates to our
world today he's gonna be here in studio
we got a shout-out Kyrie Irving he's got
something to teach all of us and no I've
not embraced the Flat Earth theory sad
to say labor unions and the moves
against Cavanaugh I'll check in as
another reason to not confirm a
endlessly lying almost certain predator
to the Supreme Court
plus we have a Griscom economic minute
we have a lek regulate and so much more
on this week's Michael Brooks show and
of course a gulag which we have now
moved to the postgame you got to be a
patron to get it all that and much more
on this week's Michael Brooks show thank
you one and all for being here let's
start by talking about environmental
refugees if you're like me your image of
environmental refugees are people from
developing countries who are
disproportionately on the receiving end
of the climate crisis as it is already
enacted in our world from small island
nation states to Bangladesh to other
areas that have been afflicted by
everything from hurricanes to droughts
to disrupted agricultural cycles we know
that poverty and climate are interlinked
and we also should know that as Joshua
Kahn who is a regular on this program
and a global climate activists that
there is a distinct says there's a
distinction between climate justice and
climate policy they're not necessarily
the same thing there's many paths
towards techno and economic fixes that
the climate crisis that don't do durable
things to deal with the justice equation
of what the climate crisis is let's
reorient ourselves and some of the facts
about where we're at in terms of the
climate crisis this is from NASA average
sea levels have risen by seven to eight
inches since 1900 almost half has
occurred since 1993 since 1900 a verge
temperature in the US has increased by
1.8 for in height from 2021 to 2050 its
rise is expected to rise about 2.5
Fahrenheit
drought is more likely to earlier spring
melt and reduced snowpack in the western
US with significant with a significant
in reduction in emissions at annual
average global temperatures
of 3.6 Fahrenheit this is going to lead
to an increase in droughts wildfires and
all of the other things that we already
see playing out with climate and it's
also introducing us to a new sector of
climate refugee which are the wealthy
the privileged there's a report from The
Guardian about people in Arizona more
affluent members of Phoenix moving to
Flagstaff where they don't have to deal
with regular above hundred degree days
they're leaving an unbearable city
because they have the financial ability
to do so and many climate fixes are
predicated on this scenario of those
with the wealth and the access and the
capacity to insulate themselves from the
effects of climate change which of
course have been disproportionately
created by those in the wealthier part
of the supply chain
look at the prepper elitist prepper
fantasies of Silicon Valley and Peter
Thiel look at the plans to live in
bunkers in New Zealand and escape the
fallout of a global crisis spurred by
climate infectious diseases and other
global ecological catastrophes there is
a way to address this that doesn't
center class or justice Jerry Brown
who's doing some very important things
as governor of California is a great
example of this there's very little
interest in his approach to dealing with
the climate crisis that has to do with
environmental racism that has to do with
the effects of drilling and fracking on
local communities that has to do with a
broad-based union heavy bottom-up path
of resiliency for all communities but
there is one focused on techno fixes
innovation and building resiliency out
so that people dealing with the effects
of climate change can buy into another
luxury brand to escape from the crisis
that's what we see parent playing out in
Arizona that's what we see in the
prepper industry out of Silicon Valley
and we really could see a dealing with
climate and a sense of resiliency that
as I say is another luxury brand an
optin versus a globally integrate
movement to deal with the climate crisis
in and of itself and all of its
humanitarian consequences we can't do
that without centering class in the
equation and dealing with the
longer-term big picture contradiction
between ecological limits and insatiable
capitalist appetite it's impossible to
reconcile but it is possible in some
ways to make dealing with the
consequences of climate another class
distinction and that's already happening
and if we don't have a radically
different approach to dealing with the
climate crisis that is labor class
focused and fully integrated with a
broader set of justice concerns we will
replicate all of the same cultural and
economic pathologies in the climate
realm as we have every where else guys
if you want to jump in please do that is
the opening which we're time is
tightening up on those that's good yeah
you know it's when you're looking at the
the climate crisis I mean there's really
no way that we can talk about dealing
with it without talking about it's very
serious public solutions right you know
you talk about something even as simple
as making public transportation more
accessible and free and better right
that's something that could be you know
huge have a huge impact on the amount of
you know carbon that we're expelling
through driving I mean think about like
a high-speed rail system throughout the
United States that was able to connect
even just the you know the corridor
between Washington DC to Boston you
don't know what the amount of people
that live through there and think about
how many cars you could pull off the
road but these kind of solutions require
serious you know public support and they
also need require serious public
mobilization which is something that
privatization and past few years of
neoliberalism and capitalism if really
prevented it's that we have individual
solutions to a global community problem
which is not going to work because what
you see is what's happening in Arizona
or all these people you know are
literally sweltering to death right
because you know cooling is still seeing
us something that's a luxury product and
then the wealthy are just getting up and
out of town like that's not a solution
that's going to work at all it's
a solution that's gonna be able to face
the immense challenge that was created
through the greed of a few people over
the past 50 60 years and also the idea
that this is about individual
consumption also does the flip side
where it becomes like a hairshirt thing
like Oh having you know having an
air-conditioner that's a real luxury
you're telling people who are sitting in
hundred degree weather and maybe don't
have the ability to move around and on
top of everything else there was you
know heat waves people dying in Europe
certainly in India that uh you know you
don't need an air conditioner
that's a personally profligate thing
right versus first of all none of these
things are gonna be solved by any type
of individual consumer decision period
and the attitude that it's about
individual consumer decisions actually
does tend to you know fall radically
disproportionately on the poor right
like somebody who's wealthy maybe
they're taking a fast for like a
spiritual exerciser for their health
somebody who's homeless is not eating
because they don't have food yeah and
speaking of the spiritually profligate
it's sort of what Griscom said
especially it's you know people when
they want to defend Elon Musk say you
know there's certain interesting
engineering things and at least he's
doing this electric car stuff because
nobody else was doing that which you
know however much you could disagree
with those we don't necessarily need
that right the personal automobile I
think has been disastrous as any
technology maybe we've ever had so like
I don't know if I necessarily want that
to be made to work and I guess you could
say like a governing a public body would
maybe try to do the same thing and it
could be you know like they're gonna try
to make electric cars when maybe we
should do more mass transport type of
things but I'd rather do that
democratically then like expect some
private individual to make this work in
a corporate scenario yeah Maseca nor der
thing even those engineering
breakthroughs even if they produced what
they promised would still be a secondary
part of the solution in any sensible
scenario and even with the most
energy-efficient cars imaginable you
still cannot have like it's and this is
where it's very hypocritical and very
it's it's tough because it's like okay I
understand the hypocrisy of American
consumers saying okay
China can't if China has a middle class
with everybody has a car in the road
like the United States
nobody can breathe on this planet and I
don't care how efficient the car is and
how many miles he gets the production
manufacturing an emissions process of
even the cleanest vehicles that we can
see in our foreseeable future are gonna
essentially just submerge the planet and
smog and obviously there's a big
hypocrisy factor of people in the United
States being like oh okay well no it's
time to stop right like after we've
exhausted and depreciated everything but
the reality is is that there's no silver
bullet to any of these things that's
gonna come from the supply market or
engineering side and a lot of the
solutions that we already know of to
these things are things like mass
transit which of course we can innovate
them we should have bullet trains and do
all sorts of things that we're already
way behind places like Japan and Europe
and but they're not these new magical
out there scenarios they're things that
we already know work yeah and have
already been the basic conflict of how
we just get around and deal with having
less emissions and expecting that you
know here's the fundamental thing and
you know something I'd say to people all
the time is that you you just can't
expect the logic of the system to work
in the way that it in a new way than it
has for the past hundred years the
profit based model might produce certain
kind of environmentally friendly cars
friendly and compared to like you know
the worst emissions that I know you can
imagine right but only in so much is
that they're able to extract a level of
profit from that which is not
necessarily like they don't get the
value from the total social good they
get the value from like the individual
purchaser who is buying that car saying
oh I'm feeling a little bit better about
what I'm doing for the environment and
I'm not saying that that's not a good
thing you know at all but to deal with
the major solutions we need to have
real structural understandings of how
like how we're interacting with the
world and that means for organizations
that are you know working on transport
questions which are which are car
companies for example having more
initiative and more incentive for them
right to be looking to the environment
as a whole outside of just trying to
compete against other car companies on
the market
yeah the notion of mobility writ large
versus just car exactly exactly it's
like so you need that kind of push
that's going to be outside of like the
this sort of market of of like
capitalism that's sort of telling
companies what they need to do and the
first thing that companies are always
going to do no matter what they say is
going to try to find ways to make profit
and that's the number one goal and
that's the way that the logic of this
system so waiting for a free market
solution to the climate crisis it's
going to be something we're be waiting
for godot with that one I mean seriously
you know we're at a moment now we're at
such critical levels that without
leading a real concerted effort and
without possibly even some pain on some
levels for us like we will not have a
livable climate in our you know even in
our lifetime certainly not you know for
our children or any possible children
right and it's you know something that
we really need to take seriously and you
can't wait to expect that you know the
market is can be able to innovate its
way out of the problem and the crisis
that it created because it was exactly
by following the logic of the market and
you know if capitalism in general that
caste created the conditions for this
crisis and you're not going to be able
to break out of that without some kind
of force that really disrupts that
entire that entire structure actual
disruption let's get to the shout out
and give somebody some props who
I even defended him when I guess he
didn't deserve crops frankly hairier
bill that this is your fish look I
didn't know that you didn't different
crops well I did give him props when
saying there was this flat why were you
doing that because I thought was funny
because I liked the rap music and
inspired
this is crazy this is how to control
damn where's Alex Jones uh Kyrie Irving
is a great basketball player and he
about a year ago it was only like a year
ago right Oh years ago yeah I'd say
about a year ago maybe year ago he had
some he's also I don't know he's still a
vegan but he had some vegan brain going
on all love to vegan listeners looks
like February 2017 he was on this and
honestly like I guess I troll so a
little bit I didn't even I didn't
realize that this Flat Earth thing was
such a big thing until Kyrie Irving came
out with it he's a really good
basketball player and like many athletes
and he points out in this clip he's a
super young dude and I actually just
liked this example we just wanted to
highlight this example of and this could
be applied to so many things of just any
public figure just copping to making a
mistake in a non egoic and non defensive
manner and keeping it moving yeah this
was at the Monday speaking Monday at the
Forbes under-30 summit in Boston so the
Forbes under 30 you know Forbes like
what's that business about yeah what's
what's the real the flat earth right and
then you weren't joking so which is it
which sorry yeah well I mean good let's
clear it up for good you never have to
get Oh for good you were gonna ask me
regardless but I think I think like what
you say what you do and how you mean it
at the time I was like huge and the
conspiracies everybody's been there
[Music]
everybody's been there yo what's going
on with our world you know like you
click that YouTube click and it goes
like how deep the rabbit-hole goes no
you start telling all your friends like
y'all did you see that watch this video
telling you and at the time he was like
I know you like innocent in it but you
realize the effect of the power of
voicing even if you believe in that it's
like you just like oh I don't come out
and say that stuff that's for intimate
conversations because perception while
you receive that just changes like no
I'm actually a smart ass individual like
it was like at the time just didn't
realize the effect and right I was
definitely at that time I'm a big
conspiracy theorist right tell me
anything right I'm sorry about all that
you know for all the science teachers
everybody coming out tonight like you
know I gotta reteach my whole curriculum
I'm sorry
I apologize I love the pushback from the
science teachers I actually love the
image of like a middle school science
teacher going up and be like dude you're
destroying my profession by putting this
nonsense on Instagram and Twitter like
excuse you you putz
yeah and I'm in school he carried that
perfectly he remind he's like look I'm
human sorry I spread it and let's keep
it moving
and I actually think we can be to
Chicken Little when it comes to how
dangerous like say our current media
environment is with this stuff yes
because I think people have always been
able to go down rabbit holes I actually
think it's harder to maintain a cults
sort of sphere of in permit impenetrable
military perishability
and you know like we were saying earlier
in any given question with a large
enough sample size like 7 billion people
on earth there's gonna be a certain
number of people that are gonna be like
 you I don't want to take your word
for it and I'm going to like take this
opposite forking paths that like is now
available to me but I actually think
that the internet makes those harder to
maintain over longer periods of time you
need to throw more junk at people but
like I don't think people stay on them
as
but this is just a hypothesis no III
think it's true in terms of its some
information at least anecdotally about
cults as an example it's a lot harder to
maintain that if somebody can go on
Google and culture all about abusive
leaders
the debunking of story there that's a
common I'm forgetting it I'm listening
for thirty four thirty no I'm some some
new I forget his name the big yoga guru
all sorts of abuse I'm listening to a
podcast on it um
Bikram right and that's another thing it
was like just even relative to 2002 our
two thousand eight like there's just
more people who look things up yeah I
mean cult literally yeah you needed to
control the culture of it right exactly
I I am curious though what is the most
what conspiracy theory have you guys
gone in the deepest on I'm gonna think
of which one I have to while you told me
I just honestly can't probably because
the conspiracy theories that I believe
in I probably still believe in so I'm
trying to think of a good one that I've
moved pen that I moved past Oh cuz I'll
actually know could be either way was
one what's one you've either moved past
or you still are like you know what I
stand by I think there's definitely been
a cover-up of the Kennedy assassination
and I think probably if always known you
