all right we have an important report
that we've been working on here that
really does I think blow the lid off of
all the incredible lies the media is
telling to all of us okay every day
ramming down our throats
they have rammed down lie after lie
after lie down our throats and we're
choking on it
but we're about to choke back okay so
this story starts on February 6th in
2016 and from Manchester New Hampshire
all right here it is it is Scott Brown
Scotty B former Massachusetts senator
should have been New Hampshire senator
as well
should have been Massachusetts senator
again and then New Hampshire senator
with the lovely Jeanine Pirro you
endorsed Donald Trump this week you're
campaigning for him in New Hampshire why
well first of all I had as you know we
had all the candidates to my house and
the no BS backyard barbecue where
everyone could come people grab a beer
and a hot dog and they literally grill
the candidates had them all to my house
and I respect each and every one of them
and in any one of them would make a
better president than Hillary or Bernie
let's just start with that but as the
process went on I'm looking at Donald
and I'm saying to myself who can go down
there and be a change agent somebody was
gonna go down there and really shake up
Washington DC who's self-funded doesn't
know anybody anything and will it really
will go down there and kind of knock
some heads and take some numbers he
stood out in that regard okay so there
he is
Scotty be stepping forward he just came
back from his no BS barbecue and he
anointed Donald Trump to be President
okay and this is back in February
he's invest at the no BS barbecue right
so what does Scotty B do
to Donald Trump a sense to the
presidency this is a guy who could do
whatever he wanted he's talked to kings
and queens he sat on board of directors
he's been a board of director of
building of companies but also buildings
and companies and even like a state's
not the guy can go up to New Hampshire
and he can do whatever he wants he can
hang out go jet skiing on a lake hang
out with beautiful women just hang out
with his daughters who are very
attractive but no no Scotty B decides
he's going to serve his country mr.
chairman when the president asked me to
serve in this post in New Zealand and
Samoa I want you to know that it was my
first choice it was my choice I wanted
to go to an area that quite frankly
plays an integral and key role in the
Pacific region a real leader an
independent thoughtful leader in New
Zealand when it comes to addressing that
region's very serious needs and concerns
especially with regard to China and its
expansionism changing the law of the sea
and the law of the air and in building
islands and militarizing them that
really just change international law as
we've all known them that's right that's
a very deep thinker who's thinking about
islands with like guns being put on them
and whatnot like he sees like the
picture yeah large and small except for
the fact is that was not the whole truth
all right
the question is why does Scotty B really
want to go to Samoa in New Zealand all
right that's the real question it's not
not because of China that's just a
that's a smokescreen right because if
you want to go to China there's a bunch
of different places to go like China
instead he goes to New Zealand why
listen to this
New Zealand plays a very key role as a
member of the five eyes intelligence
network to not only share information
with our other partners but also in the
war on terror you know leading up to not
only side by side helping us in the war
against terror but also dealing in
humanity
efforts to you know make other people's
lives better and more fulfilling yeah
forget about the humanitarian stuff cuz
that's a smokescreen all right so he's
going there because it is part of the
five eyes right he's dropping a hint
there he is dropping a hint because when
he goes on day one right on day one he
goes there to New Zealand and they read
them in on all the secrets as you know
New Zealand is also part of the former
British Empire okay so who else is part
of that other form of British Empire
anybody right Canada Canada right Canada
Australia Canada some other places okay
that's all good but those on day one
what happens is he lands in New Zealand
they give him some secrets secrets that
he needs to relate back to Donald Trump
but however they can't just let him go
and get the secrets they've got to have
him go do other things to say hello to
New Zealand and also what is five plus
five ten ten but shut up for a second
okay because it's important they go to
New Zealand and if he gets read in on
all the secrets and then okay what
happens is he's got to go out and do
other social things so they don't so
people out like where's the new
ambassador oh he's just getting secrets
they can't do that so then he goes on
this radio show but listen to what he
says and I'm gonna make mistakes and all
I ever ask is just just just give me a
fair go let me settle in let me do my
job let me find my interest let me learn
about your interests and let me go and
try to help build those relationships
I'm not the president I'm the ambassador
representing the president but I may
have a different style and if I can
still get the job done then I should be
you know then let's go grab that beer
and talk about our differences
respectfully but let's also talk about
our successes
yeah okay so he didn't need to say let's
go grab that beer what that was his a
signal he sent him back to Washington DC
because he's been read in on all the
secrets but here's the problem okay the
problem is is that in New Zealand it is
14 hours ahead so it's tomorrow and he's
got to wait until today catches up with
tomorrow to inform the Trump
administration of the secrets he's
learned what are those secrets well here
it is because New Zealand shared secrets
with Canada he found out about the
uranium one nuclear deal right
okay and he found out Hillary Clinton
sold off 75% of a nuclear arsenal to the
Russians such a via via the Canadians
okay and they did it she did it for
about a hundred and forty million
dollars to go into her charity that's
weird you're saying like why would she
take the why would you take the money
herself because if she took the money
herself the IRS would know it however
what you can do is you give it to
charity you get a tax deduction and on
top of that if you do it with your
credit card you can get a lot of miles
and if you've got like a hundred and
forty five million miles no one's ever
gonna check right you can go out and buy
just about anything off of like if you
like you do it through like your
American Express miles you can go buy
like TV clinics bought a they have
mansion in Chappaqua fifty percent of it
was travel miles and the other fifty was
by a Saudi drug dealer and here's the
deal no the IRS never checks it out cuz
you never w miles you never do
okay so then what happens so that night
as Scotty B is waiting foot for
yesterday to catch up with tomorrow so
that he can report back to Washington DC
about what's going on he's killed some
time by going to Samoa to something but
his here is the problem okay where is in
Samoa okay they're American right but
what else are they they're also Asian or
poly Asian a poly Asian that's the word
yeah what is next now America's huge
right
but Asia is huge' what is next to Asia
like what countries like well China yeah
but the other direction no the other
direction is the Middle East all right
yeah who's from the Middle East Huma
Huma Abedin bingo exactly so she is
aware that he is going to this Samoa
thing and also knows that he's been read
in on this Canadian information they've
got to take Scotty B out so they send
what is five plus five ten so they send
a bunch of tents this is basically what
happens boom Huma Abedin gets on the
phone
very attractive from the Middle East
gets on the phone sends more attractive
women to Samoa to get Scotty B in
trouble then you get this conduct
complaint against US ambassador Scott
Brown I knew a New Zealand website says
the former Massachusetts senator
acknowledged to them complaints were
made over his comments to a female food
server at a Peace Corps event in Samoa
in July he allegedly told the server she
could make hundreds of dollars as a
waitress in the US and also told some
guests they looked beautiful Brown has
been ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa
since June boom there you go already
also Who Must strikes again Huma and the
DNC they've totally rigged that whole
thing in Samoa at the dinner so that he
would fall into this trap of simply
complementing an attractive woman and
it's like you know you were talking
about this to me like in terms of
political correctness and whatnot
because you were like you know in 1987
you could say hey you look like a
that was a compliment
in so like yeah you're luring him with
those girls and it's such a politically
correct environment that he can't say
like you look like you could potentially
if you worked out a little bit be at 250
an hour hooker which is a compliment
okay and also motivation now here we go
so he knows he's in hot water right the
deep state has taken him out what does
he do
Scotty Brown is he put his leg between
his tails and run away no this is what
he does
and during the ceremony the presentation
ceremony they're doing the haka they
were doing the official dances and the
presentations honoring people there are
people serving food and when someone
came over and served food I said you
know what you can make hundreds of
dollars in the services industry you
know waitress bartender sales you're
doing it you guys are doing a great job
and somebody took offense to that as
well and as a result of that you know I
was in fact told by my people that
listened you know you know Scott Brown
from Ryan New Hampshire anymore you're
an ambassador and you have to be aware
culturally aware of different cultures
different and sensitivities and I'm
always welcoming that kind of good
advice and I'm always looking we both
are quite frankly looking for new ways
because we are in a different culture
even though we all speak English
sometimes you know when we say one thing
it means the complete different in
whether it's here in New Zealand or home
Samoa or another both countries so so
noted and that's it he just sent a
message back to Trump right there there
were two things one we say something but
we mean something different - he says
he's from Ryan New Hampshire boom Ronde
from knowing ttan he's from knowing -
New Hampshire that's his way of
signaling is something wrong he got the
deep state there's a boy who wants a
Samoa to disrupt the information back
because I told a girl that she looked
like a because hooman knew I would
do that and political correctness is
gonna undermine the operation so how did
we get all this information
Scott eBay he says this this is him
sending back the code if you take the
third letter of every word he says here
it spells out Clinton collusion listen
to this
listen politics is a blood sport back
home okay and at this event it was a you
know there were a lot of people that
didn't like the president sadly its
politics
right exactly collage is what it is
collusion and I will say that he spelled
it out and he blew the lid off there's
so much people say oh no this is just a
conspiracy theory just oh if that's the
case then why not it's like oh you're
just doing a conservative conspiracy
case we don't do that here okay we just
tell the truth
here's proof facts don't care about you
look at this liberal guy right here
liberal guy admits the same thing that
we have been talking about Clinton
collusion right here look at that
FBI implicates Obama and Clinton in
Russia
bribery plot right there he's a liberal
and a Trey's approach is being honest
he's being honest he's a progressive who
actually cares about the truth that's
right so there it is and you know
there's a good chance that will probably
be taken out because of this the Clinton
administration's out of control they are
totally out of control solution and they
run molla and they're not gonna be held
accountable until we do something about
that and rape laws we were gonna step on
we were gonna sit on this but we were so
inspired by what Scottie be did we just
said we got to get this out there and if
anybody tries to mess with us at least
we know that the truth is gone out there
we gotta take a quick break you'll
listen to they can't Kenny kensho I'm
the dose it was Scott so in the new dark
this is wks em soten the home of the
undisputed king of the fourth wave of
right-wing talk is on so tanned
southside be right back after this
[Music]
