[Music]
all right so let's one down where we're
at the in addition to what we saw would
trump in russia and i think you know to
a large extent this is what this is why
we saw muller drop these I mean I feel
like they know obviously a lot more than
we have a sense of at this point or at
the very least they know stuff that we
can speculate on and I think it was a
very conscious effort to drop those
twelve or thirteen indictments before
Trump met with Putin because again the
idea that you wouldn't cancel this
summit over this is very far-fetched
right I mean or push it push it back but
this is pretty standard operating
procedure you to go and meet with them
after they've been accused of this by
your people who presumably you think are
acting in the best interest of the
country no maybe you don't think that
but you'd have to establish that but to
go and remember this is a summit where
when asked about the agenda Donald Trump
said I'll tell you afterwards it's
strange that they didn't cancel the
summit or punt we're gonna push this
back two months I mean they did this
they did this with like what would the
the Mexican president write or then they
do with Australia I mean like when you
have these type of controversies
particularly in this situation that's
what you do that's what you do but they
didn't do it and so it was weird and I
think Muller wanted to give the
president the opportunity to react in
the way that a normal president would
and that's not overly belligerent
right I mean the idea that if it like
came out that the u.s. there was charges
in Mexico that the United States had had
meddled in the their election via
funding via Viking and stealing
information and that the President of
Mexico would be like no worries we're
not gonna react to this at all if I was
citizen Mexico I'd be like what what the
hell you doing yeah just think of any
number of places where we've instigated
Koos what if you know like say I and
they resisted the coup and he survived
it woody the next week be like yeah and
Richard Nixon should come to you
absolutely of course not it's absurd
it's absurd it's policy he comes so I
think that was I think that was I think
Trump was set up on some level to it was
he was it was a test
let me put it that way I wouldn't say it
was set up it was a test you didn't do
so well and the the sort of I guess the
establishment reacted in the way that
was somewhat predictable the
establishment and more and I'm not
saying that in a derisive term I'm just
saying they're like you know that it was
so outside of the norm of behavior
meanwhile yesterday after the summit the
DOJ and this was an investigation that
parallels Muller's it is not was not
Muller who did this now - witch hunts I
would yes dual witch hunts I will be
very surprised if Muller was not either
finding information they were passing on
or aware of what's going on but Justice
Department now arrested and charged a
Russian national who courted the NRA and
Republican Party was and the DOJ claims
was secretly working as a for
agent and a sworn affidavit FBI agent
Kevin Nelson and this is the way it is
it's not just some FBI agent says like
hey I have these suspicions this is the
they present the evidence through this
way said Maria boo Tina worked to set up
a quote back-channel communications
between American Americans and the
Kremlin her effort was underway by March
2015 so this predates Donald Trump it
kicked into high gear during the
election season these lines could be
used by the Russian Federation to
penetrate the u.s. national
decision-making apparatus to advance the
agenda of the Russian Federation
according to the affidavit
it does not name the gun rights
organization but you simply need to
Google boo Tina and NRA to see that this
has been an ongoing story I mean I'm
looking at something by Josh Israel I
think this was from The Daily Beast why
is the NRA been cozying up to Russia
this is from November 2016 from February
of 2017 the Kremlin and GOP have a new
friend and boy does she love guns I mean
it's all about this this woman and the
inroads she had been making into the NRA
and other conservative organizations boo
Tina's apparent supervisor is the
Russian senator Alexander tortion who
also spent years building relationships
in the NRA I mean the reason why you
would go to the NRA is probably twofold
one is they have incredible sway over
the Republican Party and two they're
incredibly corrupt and maybe there's a
shared affinity for guns the evidence
set forth in the affidavit suggests the
NRA was being used by the Russian
government as a conduit to the
Republican Party and political leaders
in the u.s. there is something like
thirty million dollars
extra that the nra spent in this
election in 2016 ah she is a lifetime
NRA member she attended the NRA s 2014
yearly meeting as a special guest of the
organization's president this is a woman
who is in her mid 20s her organization
that she I guess built I don't know hey
for David Clark for travel and
accommodations at that same NRA meeting
boo Tina's influence operation was
underway in March 2015 according to
affidavit when she emailed an American
with a proposal called Project
discretion diplomacy she predicted that
an unnamed major political party which
we know is the Republican Party would
ascent to power in 2016 the American
responded with advice on how to
cultivate relationships in that party as
well as a list of Americans she should
get to know you have already met all the
Americans necessary to introduce you to
everyone on that list now this guy I
believe us person number one appears to
be Paul erican s'en he is a longtime
Republican insider who claimed to be an
advisor to the Trump transition team he
connected her with different
conservative and Republican operatives a
person who spoke with Bou Tina told The
Daily Beast that she had several
meetings with representative Dana
Rohrabacher who you will recall was the
subject of a joke that was not supposed
to leave the Republican caucus when Paul
Ryan said that the only two people I
know are paid by the Russians are Dana
Rohrabacher and Donald Trump getting on
the square
Rohrbacher did not immediately respond
to a request for comment
she there's pictures of her her
hobnobbing with Scott Walker with Wayne
LaPierre
with former NRA head David Keene boo
Tina had helped like I said from what at
least one American in her effort to
build back channels between top
Republican Party insiders in the Kremlin
us person one that is Paul Erickson
supposedly unrelated to specific
presidential campaigns I've been
involved in securing a very private line
of communication between the Kremlin and
political party leaders we know that's
republican leaders through of all
conduits the NR a he wrote maybe he lied
boo Tina also targeted the National
Prayer Breakfast as their effort to
shore up so there it is quite possible
that there was money funneled through
the NRA to Republican Party leaders now
does that mean the Republican Party
leaders knew where the money was coming
from probably not although there may
have been suspicions at one point right
these things get tend to get a little
leaky why would the NRA do this well
what happened I mean there's always a
person right she doesn't show up and
walk up to the bank and say I'd like to
deposit this money into the NRA bank
account there's conduits and these
conduits always get a cut they always
get a cut and so the answer is an
organization that is incredibly
mercenary to the point where they will
promote the sale of weapons that kill
toddlers every single day in this
country do you find it hard to believe
that someone would take thirty million
dollars if they can get a ten percent
cut
now it's a win-win it's a win-win-win
three wins winner for the payer winner
for the conduit winner for the person
who gets the money
seeing that everything's a zero-sum game
that's right everybody to benefit
everybody everybody everyone gets this
look this and boo Tina then the question
is what's the relationship with Donald
Trump is there any relationship to the
campaign we don't know that yet although
here's an interesting video oh well did
you get it
to check your I am I thought this was on
the list here no watch this this is a
question at 2015 July 11th this is a
question during a Freedom Fest event in
Las Vegas Nevada
and here is an CNN the voice of Maria
boo Tina who has been arrested and
indicted I'm visiting from Russia my
question good friend of Obama Putin
might be like Obama a lot go ahead my
question will be about foreign politics
if you would be elected as the president
what will be your foreign policy politic
especially in the relationships with my
country and do you want to continue the
politics of sanctions that are damaging
of both economy or you have any other
ideas
okay Obama gets along with nobody the
whole world hates us you know it's an
amazing thing you look at Mexico they
hate us they hate our leadership and yet
they're making a fortune China hates us
China's building ports in the South
China Sea we could never do a thing like
that because we'd have to get
environmental impact statements okay so
we're I jokingly said to a friend you
think they got an environmental impacts
they've been when they did so China
hates on me and yet they're making it
for everybody hates us and yet they make
money with us with me we're gonna make
money on them and they can
like us I know Putin and I'll tell you
what we get along with Putin Putin has
no respect for President Obama big
problem big problem and Russia has been
driven you know I've always heard for
years I've heard one of the worst things
that can happen to our country is if
Russia ever gets driven to China we have
driven them together with the big oil
deals that are being met we've driven
them together that's a horrible thing
for this country we have made them
friends because of incompetent
leadership I believe I would get along
very nicely with Putin okay and I mean
well we have the strength I don't think
you'd need the sanctions I think that we
would get along very very well I really
believe that we don't need the sanctions
it's a long way to go to get there isn't
it
a long way to go to get there so this
will be interesting to see where this
thread goes but if marcy wheeler is it's
correct we're going to see more in the
coming days ladies and gentlemen and oh
you the adoption lady let's just say my
mistake i should mention that let me
just let me just go over a little bit of
like what what we're seeing in terms of
people starting to not necessarily run
for the hills like i say they're not
that the rats aren't leaving the sinking
ship but they do seem to be keeping an
eye on the life rafts like they're
starting to like just sort of like take
two steps towards the door they're
looking over their shoulder they're
looking at who they're gonna have to
climb over to get on that life raft
sizing up people former this from Axios
former senior White House official work
closely with Trump immediately texted us
need a shower that probably would be
Reince Priebus right such a rights like
hey just biding my time to one of trumps
own previous prints in the shower
exactly former National Security Council
officials dude this is a total effing
disgrace the president's lost his mind
face nation anchor Margaret Brennan
was in the audience told AP she was
messaging some effect US officials
during the speech you said they were
turning off the television there were
all sorts of indications you had Devon
Nunez remember him he says uh yesterday
in the afternoon when was this he said
this yesterday oh no no of the night
before the night before he meets with
when it's clear that Trump is actually
going to meet with with Putin Nunez says
and this was written first by the
Washington Examiner right so this is
going out they're sending their leak out
to their guy what few mentioned was that
there had been a similar assessment not
speculation or even reported account in
the press but an official government
assessment that came to the same
conclusion about these Russian military
intelligence officials conducting the
hacking of Democrats during the 2016 the
assessment was on the house intelligent
committees report on Russian active
measures sent to the intelligence
community on March 22nd released
publicly in a heavily censored forum on
April 27th this is like what Nunez was
his insurance policy right it's pretty
clear if you read the indictment and you
find you read our for findings in
Chapter two even with our reductions you
get most of the indictment house Intel
chairman Rep Devin Nunez told me in a
phone conversation on Sunday running for
the hills folks if you didn't have
redactions you get more than what's in
the indictment except for the Russian
names this isn't looking good can I
testify against my kids or Jared or
something exactly I would love to talk
to mother about this grand conspiracy
that I was manipulated exactly Nunez is
really getting out there hi my name is
John Miller yeah he's been saying this
has been going on all along the
president knew it was happening but he
was
so the president has been being a double
agent to expose the crime the whole time
and he's ready to come forth he's ready
to come forward now this is John Miller
the president's super upset about what's
happening to America and he's ready to
blow the lid off of the criminal actions
of his family
it's sad but necessary I mean so we're
seeing we're seeing davon Nunez honestly
though to see Devon Nunez the guy who
jumped out of his car with his aid in
the middle of the night and literally
sprinted to the White House to get
Donald Trump information on what
testimony was going on is now coming out
and claiming that he oversaw a process
that had basically you know found this
stuff about the Russian hacking and
trying to promote that now is indicative
of like them being aware that there that
the the jig may very well be up now
understand this they're not going to
impeach him they're not going to impeach
it
they're I mean they won't I mean they're
gonna just try and basically play this
out until the fall and there's other
indications that I think like it's funny
like I agree definitely not gonna be
impeach but I am actually starting to
see a scenario where he goes to jail
like open that to me is like wow he
might actually not while he's president
while he's no I'm talking post president
oh I'm like I I haven't no total
honestly thought like you know I I've
even I've been of the mind that like you
know turn the other page type of stuff
but the Moriscos out I'm like this dude
might go to jail oh I think when he's in
a position that he could go to jail in
other words when he's not president I
think there are going to be people who
are going to try and rehabilitate
themselves by taking it out on him not
if he declares himself president for
life first that's really I'm president
for life I don't know why are you
putting the cuffs on me like he he's
gonna try to pardon me
i pardon myself i he only asked the
he'll ask for three things this is John
Miller number one obviously just wants
to help his country number two three
hundred million dollars and number four
he would like ownership stakes in the
Kiev beauty pageant industry oh that's
it well we'll see but I think that's
getting way ahead of ourselves but what
is also interesting
