[Music]
you
CEDA the destiny of America is always
safer in the hands of the people than in
conference rooms of any elite
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex so much our day report with sam
cedar it is Wednesday October 10th 2018
my name is Sam cedar this is the
five-time award-winning majority report
we are broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today Ford
announces massive layoffs because of
trumps Chinese tariffs then while the
assault on voting rights spreads across
the country aided and abetted by the
Supreme Court did Trump know of the
Saudis plan to kill the u.s. resident
journalists and are we done with the
Saudis quite yet
hurricane Michael poised to be the worst
storm to hit Florida Panhandle ever and
the Trump administration is mom on the
IPCC report but the EPA chief did post
pizza gate and racist tweets so we got
that going for us the VA the VA refuses
to hand over documents about outside
businessmen who were sort of running the
VA for a while
and the Dems force a Senate vote on
Trump's junk insurance plans and with
Kavanagh seated polls show that
Democrats are energized for the midterms
Trump laments medicare-for-all warns it
will give Medicare to socialism right
exactly and the case to cancel all
student debt all this and more on
today's program ladies and gentlemen it
is Wednesday hump day that's what we
call it around here we didn't coin that
phrase can we turn down that fan a
little bit just a little bit of course
it's almost midnight over so of course
it's a balmy 75 degrees in New York City
you all know right I mean this is pretty
basic stuff but why global warming will
increase the severity of storms like
hurricane Michael right I mean I don't
need to well there's always a chance we
have some conservatives listening and if
we do by any chance have any listening
please by all means call in six four six
two five seven thirty nine twenty we'll
try and get two calls a little bit early
today if we can but this is pretty basic
stuff the way that moisture gets up into
the air is it evaporates from bodies of
water and if the water already is warmer
than well if the water is warm then the
ability to it evaporate is actually
increased you will notice this if you
boil some water and put a glass cover on
the pot you'll see that the water
actually evaporates and hits the top of
the pot the lid well when the waters
warmer that means that sends more
and up into the into the air and of
course also heat creates energy and then
you get a more powerful storm that whips
with more weight slow down there's a
there's a relationship between energy
and heat that's that's true
so science report up in here yeah there
you go
well I mean this all has a book where it
it actually just I think it's like the
Magic School Bus and it it talks about
how you know the water cycle and the
element December it's gonna be pretty
cold around here so yeah I guess there's
no global warming as soon as we see any
of the but with that said I know that
sounds a little bit condescending but I
want to give you the President of the
United States on his response about the
IPCC report this is the United Nations
inter Intergovernmental report on
climate change and it involves hundreds
if not thousands of scientists across
the country crocks Cuse me across the
globe and we mentioned yesterday
obviously if you listen to the program
and you did not decide to check out and
you're still with us you heard yesterday
that this report is a pretty dire and we
have about ten years or so if we are
going to in any way mitigate the
implications of the globe warming and so
but you know Donald Trump took it all in
stride and apparently thinks that
someone that the report is actually just
maybe he takes a little too literally
when he hears people saying it Pink's
paints a dire picture furious
I posit one second for those of you are
listening he's asked the question are
you aware of the climate change report
that was issued by the IPA CC here in
that he responds which is I couldn't
give you reports that are fabulous and I
can give you reports that are so good
but I will be looking at it absolutely I
can't even understand that first of all
it is the IPCC so it's the intake
government panel on climate change
so that's who drew it I don't know what
drew it means well they give him all of
his reports in cartoon form that's right
so all I see what you're saying so he's
like I got someone drew a picture
literally drew a picture and it's I get
a look at it I get to see who drew it
and in one picture the son had a frowny
face but in I have another picture where
the son was wearing sunglasses I have to
weigh the evidence I imagine it is like
someone drew a picture of a guy walking
on a street and there's like a manhole
and down at the bottom like pointy
things and he's about to fall in that's
the way I would have represented that to
the president but there's Barra da go is
worth more money than Buckingham Palace
yes we'll see gotta think about things
so that's less than encouraging let's
start here because the what's been
fascinating over the past week is and
the Republicans are quite good at this
creating this notion that somehow a vote
against Kavanagh was going to be
detrimental to their electoral chances
now Susan Collins had to make a decision
and I'm not convinced that John McCain
passing away
didn't greatly change the calculation
for someone like Lindsey Graham and for
Susan Collins like I don't think it was
a coincidence that Graham had his sort
of showboating moment where he wanted a
primary well I think it's a 2020 primary
but I think it's also a question of
branding I think there is an awareness
that like they can't there there is not
the same opportunity to be this type of
senator like it doesn't have any value
anymore it doesn't there is you know
with John McCain to the extent that
there was any wing of the Republican
Party and I wouldn't even say it's a
wing at that point it was a couple of
feathers that the edge of a wing that
was pretending to be something that
really doesn't exist in the Republican
Party anymore John McCain when he left
that coalition you know lost a
significant percentage of the people who
were in it right like I mean to the
extent that there was one was there
three people in that he sort of wing at
the but you know you lost 33% of it and
so Graham went his direction and I think
Collins also made the same assessment
that there is no room there's no path
for me within the Republican Party to
maintain even my veneer of moderation
and you know we saw her speech which it
seemed like you know let her talk for
another ten minutes and she'd be talking
about pizza gate and but the the the
conventional wisdom was that the
Cavanaugh nomination had energized
Republicans and it may have and there
were early reports that the Democrats
were worried what would happen if
Cavanaugh was not confirmed and the
Republicans they were worried if they
didn't pass Kavanagh that it would hurt
them well new polling out now shows that
46% of voters said the Senate made the
decision in approving of the cabin off
40% said it was the right to elevate him
to the High Court now this is a national
poll so you know in some respects it
doesn't matter because there's no
national election yeah that's a good
thing they don't decide things by the
popular vote well the thing is is that
we only have state elections right I
mean we don't have there's no national
election in the off year so really it's
more important what any specific state
says or what any specific congressional
district says but this gives you a broad
sense of what's going on but for general
democratic purposes it's not looking
good
what's not like a good in terms of just
one more example of why the Supreme
Court is not in any way a democratic
institution right well of course I'm not
a democratic institution in fact half
the members now or at least is it half
the members or two-third one-third of
the members four people I guess have
been appointed by presidents who did not
win the popular vote I mean aside from
but not being democratic in the sense
that nobody likes them we have a and we
have a Senate which 51 percent of the
Senate is controlled by something like
18% of the population of the United
States yeah it is Senate's also not
particularly Democratic either it's like
that was high Democratic ^
anti-democratic right and it was set up
that way I mean he you know it wasn't
until the 17th amendment that we had
even direct elections for the Senate so
three out of four Democrats say they're
very motivated to turn out and vote in
the midterms 68% of the Republicans say
they're very motivated that's a
substantial difference and there's no
reason to believe that a month from now
Democrats are going to be any less
motivated there's reason to believe that
Republicans could be less motivated
simply because they get further away
from their success here the Democrats in
North Dakota are really trying to hit
Heidi Heitkamp with when she filmed her
ad saying that she wasn't going to
support Kavanagh like did she do it
after before after the investigation
that's how they're trying to keep the
issue alive it's very desperate the
Democrat Republicans are right and now
the problem is is that some of those red
states we've got I think some of those
red states there's just more Republicans
there and they're more energized there
is some evidence that Heidi Heitkamp
helped herself and where folks like
Kristen cinema and Ralph
brill's redis Phil Bredesen hurt
themselves by saying that were they in
the Senate they would have voted to
confirm Kavanaugh mansion it's hard to
know but I I would imagine can't touch
me
yeah go screw yourself yeah I mean
Manchin one his primary fairly handily I
think some she got about thirty percent
of the vote so and in the state that
Bernie won there probably is some
appetite the more in some areas that are
to the left of him but he actually if
you watch him he does a pretty good job
of pretending that he cares about that
stuff too yes he's so popular I think I
spoke to Bob Kincaid from head-on at
Netroots nation and he made a point of
saying you know you can't trust Manchin
because he will just sell you out in a
heartbeat and I think that's the case
again though I think that as Susan
Collins of votes four votes against
Kavanagh Manchin does too this was sort
of a free vote for him at that point but
I think and he may have made the right
calculation in terms of of
not being abandoned by his
you know or to the extent that he was he
makes it up in Independence and the
Kratts are much more forgiving than
Republicans when you vote the way they
don't want you to right I think I think
yes to a certain extent I mean I don't
know it depends on what state you're in
but independent voters far less
supportive of the decision to confirm
Cavanaugh 47% say the Senate erred 34%
said it made the right decision
36 percent of voters said it would make
them less likely I mean I don't see
necessarily the evidence of they may be
less forgiving in terms of primaries but
they tend to come out during the general
elections they're Democrats know the
Republicans I mean I don't know if I
think the problem is that in the context
of primaries is where you get
Republicans are disciplined and we have
yet on the left to match that level of
intensity oh yeah cuz they're
sociopathic like do you think the Tea
Party cared if they were hurting
Republicans chances in general elections
ya know they were on a kamikaze mission
and they succeeded I think they do care
though like I mean they made some they
made some miscalculations and specific
primaries but then conversely there's
much more willingness for them to
subordinate themselves to things like
the court as an example and they've
they've not let the perfect be the enemy
of the good from their primary in the
primary 2010 they made bad calculations
yeah don't they still swept people like
the guy who called in like you shouldn't
run again a left candidate against
Democrats and primaries because it'll
hurt them in the general they did not
think about that no the only problem
that the Republicans had when when they
were was when when they won with someone
who's maybe like not a witch or
with akin I mean the but I don't know
that they they didn't care about the
chances in the general election as much
as I think there is a disconnect from
reality with some of those people where
there's a presumption that far more
people agree with them than don't in in
those instances well it worked out very
well for them no long III I am all for
the strategy of primary yes and winning
the problem is that they're at up to
this point is that there's not enough
people like I I'm totally in favor of
primary someone like machen or Andrew
Cuomo or Joe Lieberman I mean across the
board the problem is only insofar as
like you don't win I mean so I mean I
think the strategy of primering and
disciplining their politicians in that
way is been a very effective one for the
right without a doubt 36% of voters say
it would make them less likely 31% would
be more likely to vote for a Cavanaugh
supporting Senate candidate so you know
not a huge difference there and of
course again this is national so in a
red state very different numbers but
while that may help Heidi Heitkamp in
the end of the day in North Dakota the
there's also a plan B for Republicans in
North Dakota the Supreme Court
I guess as of yesterday Cavanaugh had
not quite been seated or participated in
a four-four split decision and when it's
a four-four split decision at the
Supreme Court if it is deciding a case
that has been which it would have come
from
Circuit Court of Appeals the ruling of
the circuit court the appellate court
stands and this is a case that came out
of North Dakota North Dakota in 2017
following Heidi Heitkamp win in 2012 she
won by less than three thousand votes in
North Dakota seven hundred fifty
thousand people in that state I don't
know many how many are eligible voters
Matt any guess yeah I mean obviously a
fraction of 750 but three thousand still
represents in a pretty incredibly small
number of people there is probably
somewhere around fifteen thousand
eligible Native American voters in North
Dakota
the vast majority voted for Heidi
Heitkamp in 2017 a voter law of voter
law ID was challenged by native
residents in April of this year a
federal district court judge blocked
large portions of the law as
discriminated discriminatory against
Native voters why because the law as I
guess first introduced by the governor
in North Dakota there is no registration
you just show up to vote and you got to
show an ID so that's not necessarily an
unreasonable thing however the North
Dakota law said that you needed to have
a street address on your driver's
license now you can get driver's
licenses with pio boxes addresses in
rural areas when I lived upstate we did
not have a street address
for our we did not get mail delivery
there because it was a rural area you
got to go to the post office and get it
at the PIO box
well apparently on rural Indian
communities the Postal Service does not
provide residential delivery so tribal
IDs which are okay to vote with use Pio
boxes which under North Dakota law is
not sufficient so the IDS that they have
are okay it's just that the addresses
they have are invalid yet they don't
have residential addresses in terms of
postal service so a federal judge
blocked a big part of that law because
it's discriminatory against Native
Americans who live in North Dakota who
almost as a rule do not have a
residential address the 8th Circuit
Court of Appeals however allowed the law
to go into effect so during the primary
the law was not in the the IDS that had
Pio boxes were okay then the Eighth
Circuit subsequently allowed the law to
go into effect the Supreme Court in
splitting 4/4 upheld that ruling try and
guess what the four-four split was how
could though the 8th Circuit of Appeals
look at this and not see that it's
discriminatory in nature there's no
argument first off there's no argument
that somehow APO box makes it more
likely that you could have a fraudulent
ID I guess the argument is that like
well you could get Threepio boxes but
you can only have one address I don't
know who would do that
to vote they haven't found anybody who
did that but let's go over who the what
the composition of the 8th Circuit Court
is just to give you a sense of why this
stuff is relevant there are 11 active
and 6 senior judges levansky Smith he's
the chief judge he was appointed by
George W Bush
Roger Leland Wolman he was appointed by
Ronald Reagan James Logan was appointed
by George Herbert Walker Bush Steve Coll
Colton was appointed by George W Bush
Raymond Grunder was appointed by George
W Bush William Duane Benton was
appointed by George W Bush Bobby Shepard
was appointed by George W Bush Ralph
Erickson was appointed by Trump Steven
grass was a report was appointed by
Trump David strass was appointed by
Trump and Jane Kelly that's weird
she's a woman on the entire court was
appointed by Barack Obama and then of
course there's a six senior judges and
two were appointed by Reagan and four
appointed by either papi or jr. Bush so
that's what happens folks that's the way
this works
maybe if Hillary Clinton get called for
a green new deal then you don't have the
 problem
circuits I've got the map between where
heidi heitkamp won in 2012 let's see if
we can find their reservations so here
is a Fort Berthold down here is Standing
Rock here is Turtle Mountain this one is
a spirit lake and then Sisseton down
here and the other thing to notice is
this is all the rural areas here this is
farmers and this is ranchers basically
and this is the college towns are on
this side of the river so there you have
it I mean any place that is that the
bluest places are those reservations and
so this is this is a law
that is completely geared and oh there's
one other group now that you mention it
of people probably in that state who
also don't have residential addresses
but rather have Pio boxes on their IDs
college students so this is a law that
is completely geared towards making sure
that heidi heitkamp doesn't win by
disenfranchising native voters and young
voters in college and that's it end of
story
ballgame doesn't matter oh don't forget
poor people who might be moving from
