on the phone it's always a pleasure to
welcome to the program Marcy wheeler she
is the proprietor of empty wheel dotnet
Marcy welcome back to the program thanks
for having me so Marcy let's maybe we'll
start with the the most recent and work
backwards in terms of well let me let's
put it this way I in there there seems
to be just so many tentacles to this
ongoing investigation at this point
what from your perspective what seems to
be I don't know the most dramatic the
most important thing that we've learned
over the past several weeks I don't know
it's it's trauma per se but both Michael
Cohen and Paul Manafort are getting more
and more exposed as is probably Roger
stone although that's all happening at
the Grand Jury so we know we know that
all of his closest associates have been
dragged into the grand jury or least
interviews with Muller so that seems to
be where Muller is focused on right now
but all these other parts of the OJ and
the the state of New York are now
getting people to flip on comment affort
and Michael Cohen so it's sort of like
this increasing drama before some kind
of big review but who knows what the
reveal will be right I mean it does
there it does feel like there there was
a I guess a quality to this where you
know a Muller started digging and there
was I mean I just have the sense of like
where he was just like we need my god
we're gonna need a bigger truck type of
thing yeah or you know we're gonna need
a bigger boat
and so let's start like let's start most
recent to back yesterday it was reported
and and maybe you have no thoughts on
this but you did mention
the New York Attorney General's Office
and this is the most recent move by on
their part they've reached a plea deal
with this guy Evgeny Friedman who is a
Russian immigrant known as the taxi King
I guess and he was Michael Cohen's
partner or I don't know what this means
passive client or Michael Kohn was his
passive client according to him and so
there was a plea deal for his essential
I guess tax evasion what what is this is
this relevant in any way yeah it gets
far less attention but the SDN why so
the US Attorney's office in Manhattan
they're they're investigating Michael
Cohen for at least two things and that
what gets all the attention is the hush
payment to stormy Daniels and other
women but in fact the taxis medallion
fraud was involved in that so we know
that what the taxi King just pled guilty
to in New York State with the agreement
that he would cooperate in both state
and federal investigations is one of the
cons of the investigation that the US
attorney in Manhattan is investigating
cohen for and is you know about to start
getting all of this information from the
raid on his apartment so so yeah it's
incredibly significant because that's
gonna you know they both sort of deny it
and they're both kind of looking around
as if they don't know each other now but
every expectation he the tactic King
dude got a pretty sweet plea deal
because if he pays off the taxes he did
not pay to New York State then he's
going to avoid jail time and so to avoid
jail time he's obviously cooperating
quite a bit and the obvious person to
cooperate against is Michael Cohen right
I mean it would be an amazing
coincidence
if Michael Cohen's partner got this plea
deal to bring down someone else yeah
singer right I mean this was a great
play do so the the general rule on plea
deals is if you get a if you get a
really great plea deal if you're
a big crook who's going to avoid prison
time and chances are good that they've
got a bigger or more important crepes in
their eyesight and just remind us in the
cotton in the context of a plea deal
it's not like we give you a plea deal
and then it's like a potluck situation
right it's you tell us what you got and
then we give you then we give you you
know we'll give you some deal right I
mean they know what they're they're
trading here right in terms of
prosecutors with almost always I mean
there was one notable exception when Ari
Fleischer got immunity and that there
would be case but beyond that right I
mean generally as a prosecutor you lock
in what the person is going to tell you
once they flip and you do it they get
immunity first for that they you know
you sort of it's queen for a day came
for a day you pretend that you're not
hearing what the person saying decide
how much it's worth
carryout negotiations for what you're
going to give in return and the person
flips and so that process has gone on
that's more than three times already in
the Muller office and now we're seeing
it at New York State and importantly
remember both Cohen and manna for and
probably Jared Kushner they're all being
investigated for things that can be
charged at both the state or the federal
level and so one of the significant
parts of that plea deal yesterday as
they said well you know they'll
cooperate at state and federal which
means that this gets dumped down to the
state you know if Tremont's if Trump
pardons Michael Cohen tomorrow Michael
Collins Don hook in New York State is
what are the laws in New York State that
provide for double jeopardy I mean my
understanding is that before the whole
Schneiderman implosion he was lobbying
New York state lawmakers to change these
double jeopardy laws so that is if
there's a pardon is that no longer in
effect I mean what are the implications
in terms of that relationship between
federal and state in particularly in New
York
I'm not a total expert on this but as I
understand that that Parton can only
happen after jury selection has already
started so that you know in if the law
doesn't change and this mission it again
Schneiderman before he got ousted and
now we're going to hopefully have
somebody far less susceptible to
blackmail correct but but if if the if
if a criminal case so starting next week
the US attorney in Manhattan is going to
start getting the materials that they
raided from Michael Cohen but Trump
can't prevent them from looking at it by
pardoning Cohen because if that happens
then they're going to dump it right down
to New York State so so in other words
it it helps Trump if the rules don't
change but it doesn't help him that much
just because what he's trying to prevent
is robert muller from learning all this
stuff about him and he could learn a
great deal and Michael Cohen could go
great broke you know paying his lawyers
between now and then between such time
as you start jury selection because
remember jury selection starts the day
or the couple days before trial right
and you know you mentioned that about
Schneiderman that never really occurred
to me that he I mean it's obvious and
now that you say it that this is a guy
who was a walking sort of like you know
blackmail a candidate I would imagine
there's a lot of people relieved who may
have heard you know bits and pieces of
that type of stuff who are glad that
he's he is out and that that is not an
issue right because remember Trump
raised it in 2013 so Trump because some
of these people went to Michael Cohen to
give him the dirt so Trump has has had
this or could have had this over
Schneiderman the whole time and I find
it significant that this plea deal this
taxi CLE deal happens after
Schneiderman's gone with by I mean by
all accounts the woman who replaced them
for this interim period it is really
great and really experienced so you know
we might
but on top of Snyderman needing to go
because he's terrible his his treatment
of women is terrible
you know thus far were not any worse off
and probably better off with who we've
got at AG I don't want to go into sort
of like too speculative territory but do
you think that was just luck hearts a
part you know it's hard okay you just
you know it came up and I don't want to
go into territory where there's no you
know sorted there's no reporting and I
don't want to go into conjecture but it
is an injury you know like if we were
sitting at the bar we would talk about
that a little bit more I would suppose I
mean st. marys has made it very clear
that the two people who the people that
they reported on in The New Yorker are
totally different than the people that
Trump knew about doesn't mean the term
didn't know about them as well but yeah
certainly mayor says their story came
independent of that given of all of the
other media so so we shouldn't assume
that because she's a great reporter and
we should trust her okay all right well
so moving I guess from the present
backwards Giuliani apparently in a
HuffPost interview basically said that
the the release and I know you've
written about this in the context of you
know what the sort of the conspiracy
that the Republicans are are trying to
sort of construct but Giuliani said that
the the notion of Trump's that the the
release of the Russian stolen emails
constituted colluding with Russia said
it's not but if it is it isn't illegal
it's sort of like a gift and you're not
involved in the legality of getting it
to use that as an entry point into sort
of what is being created with this whole
FBI spy thing and I know that in a
couple of pieces you've written there's
an attempt or a I don't know if a
tempest is right the word but there's a
habit of Republicans not contemplating
the notion that stealing emails is
illegal
well let me also connect it to the
negotiations about whether Trump will
ever set for an interview because the
last offer that Giuliani made Muller at
least a quarter I mean of course
Giuliani is the only one leaking about
this and he's claiming things to the
press which are patently false
but in CNN reporting yesterday they said
that they offered to sit for two hours
and only talk about election stuff but
not about even transition much less
stuff that happened when Trump was
president and the problem with that and
the reason why Giuliani's claimed the
email they're cool so long as you didn't
have any wrong on hacking it is because
and I've I sort of think of this as a
quid pro quo in the June I'm meeting
you're offered dirt on Hillary and
you're you're given an ask which is
Magnitsky sanctions get rid of the
Magnitsky sanctions within a week those
emails start coming out dirt in the form
of emails from Hillary Clinton which the
campaign got offered back in April start
coming out the issue is there's a quid
pro quo and the quo happens on December
29th when Mike Flynn says to Sergey kisi
ACTA the Russian investor hold off on
responding to Obama's sanctions
punishing you for tampering in our
election we're gonna get to thank since
discussions next month when would be
when we get in charge so in other words
if you cut off and and those
conversations between Flynn and and kiss
yet we're very closely managed from
mar-a-lago where Trump was so there's a
bunch of reasons to believe that that
when in that conversation with kissy AK
was doing exactly what Trump said if
that conversation is off limits for the
confer of the meeting between Muller and
Trump then then what Trump has done what
Giuliani has done it basically only make
accessible the quid part but not the CRO
part they've made they made accessible
what the Russians the gift which Rudy is
talking about generally the gift that
the Russians are offering without making
accessible to Miller what Trump did or
offer to do to pay off that helped to
pay off that'll actually help so that
a lot that's precisely why Rudy wants to
limit the interview that way and it
matches up exactly with what Rudy saying
in public which is that you know we just
want this narrative to be about what
happened in the election because we
didn't start paying off the Russians
until after we got elected right really
make sense right as to the the
conspiracy theory so there's this guy
named Stefan helper who apparently has
served as a source for both the FBI and
CIA he's you know he's a lifelong
Republican but this is a guy who's done
his own dirty tricks in the Republican
Party he does have real credentials in
foreign policy but he's a Republican and
what it appears is that in May when the
FBI had concerns about Carter page
serving as an adviser for Donald Trump
they said we need to figure out what
pages up to and they asked him to to
meet page and so this guy Stefan helper
in Page had an ongoing conversation from
July of 2016 until September of 2017
importantly that conversation precedes
Christopher steal any DN C dossier I
mean that precedes all of the stuff all
of the last stuff the Republicans were
inventing conspiracy theories about and
there's a really good reason for it
because we know the FBI was really
concerned about Carter page in March
2016 and then Carter page became a
Donald Trump adviser which raised at
it's their concerns now that guy let me
just clarify something so Carter page
was not an advisor in March of 2016 he
was named in March of 2016 so same month
happens FBI interviews Carter page but
there are ongoing counterintelligence
concerns they believe he continues to
have happy conversations with Russian
intelligence and then that same month is
when he is named as one of one of Donald
Trump's five foreign policy advisers so
that must have set off even more red
flags at that point yeah right I mean
and it makes sense and that's one of the
things the Republicans are outraged that
the FBI sought to investigate and here's
the other thing
it's sort of nutty in in cages case of
course the FBI had interviewed back and
forth but they weren't they I believe
they didn't think that they were getting
honest answers from him so it would make
sense to send somebody to try and you
know cultivate his trust in the way that
it sounds like Halper did but with so
what happened later in September the
same dude right called the george
papadapolis and says hey i'm gonna give
you $3,000 do some research for me and
that's how he kind of got close to
george papadapolis
ask him about why george pop mean he
didn't say this right he wasn't making
his ties to the FBI clear but asked him
you know George you know about the
emails in Russia right and Papadopoulos
said this was really interesting
Papadopoulos according to the Daily
Caller reporter who's been a Chuck Ross
he's been you know at the forefront of
this story according to Ross
Papadopoulos said no if I had anything
to do with the emails in Russia it would
be treason which seems to me really
damning H so that's a very weird sort of
like defensive thing to say like if you
ask me right wanted to say but that
means when when Papadopoulos lied twice
to the FBI in January and February at
2017 that's because he thought he was
covering up treason treason and we need
her he was already on the record with an
FBI source that if he did have a tie
with with the emails in Russia it would
be treason so that's his state of mind
and we should say that when a helper
calls Papadopoulos in September that's
months after the FBI has heard from the
the the Australian diplomat right that
he had a drink with Papadopoulos and
Papadopoulos was was talking about the
emails is that right
right so Papadopoulos learns about it in
late April again before the DNC even
knew about it
Papadopoulos Papadopoulos learns but in
late April he gets drunk on May 10th and
tells the Australian ambassador about it
the Australians kind of sit on it for a
while because they don't make much of it
in
in July it looks like Papadopoulos has
predicted what happened in July right so
but interestingly and this is something
the Republicans the conspiracy theorists
wanna hide the Australian ambassador was
told by Papadopoulos that the Russians
intended to release those emails to help
Donald Trump so that's the point in
Papadopoulos knew in may and April stuff
that happened in July which is why in
July the FBI opened up this
investigation in why in September one of
their sources and here's the other thing
that just you know makes me crazy I mean
we run in some kind of oppositional
environments where from time to time you
say hey that guy seems like he's not on
the up-and-up right I have run into
people that I have believed our
informants before when the FBI I mean
the FBI is allowed to use informants at
a very very low level right and one
reason they are is because that dude is
not law enforcement so when when george
papadapolis lied to stephan helper in
September 2016 he couldn't be charged
for that right he couldn't be charged
for lying to lying about what he knew
about the emails until he continued to
lie about the FBI in January and
February 2017 so so you know that the
the the Republicans are all up in arms
about the fact that the FBI used this
guy who again lifelong Republican it's
not like we sent Chelsea Clinton in to
quiz this guy but but it is actually a
more gentle way it is more deceitful
although you know FBI sends undercover
employees as well it's more deceitful
sure but it is also less risky for
Papadopoulos for that approach than the
other way and there's also a lot of
other good reasons about it such as that
there are you know Russian spies
involved and you try not to let the
Russian spies know it you know right
