[Music]
and what is a leper
[Music]
that's a good point
[Music]
tomorrow's news today
[Music]
yes president Mexico elects Porfirio
Diaz president for more than 30 years he
will rule Mexico with an iron fist in
what will become known as the porfiriato
twosome he is the benevolent father the
peacemaker but to others the traitor the
man who gave Mexico away to the
foreigners the porfiriato
is in some ways the beginning of that
peculiar relationship between Mexico and
the United States the poor fiestas
believe given the economic thinking of
that time that the way to move ahead was
to open the gates to foreign investment
Mexicans right next the United States so
Mexico was largely in economic colony of
the United States by 1900 the center of
power during the porfiriato
is Mexico City here dia surrounds
himself by a group of technocrats known
as the cient√≠ficos this circle of power
controls much of the nation's wealth
with little regard for anyone outside
their circle the scientifical were the
people who implemented his economic
policies these were the people who wrote
the legislation for the passage of laws
these were the people who put together
the contracts between the Mexican
government and foreign companies and so
on
they were elitist some of them were
racist that is they believed in the
notion that the biggest problem that
Mexico faced was its backward Indian
population
[Music]
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
greetings friends comrades and enemies
we are broadcasting live from Brooklyn
USA where left is best as it is
everywhere else with super producer Matt
lek say the yo real quick before you do
the tech fix you know heads theoretician
david Griscom don't panic whatever it is
up can me be her he did panic a little
bit sorry David on this week's program
Christmas on oh he's a labor writer for
the Jacobin magazine and a member of the
DSA Democratic socialists of America we
are talking about labor after Janice the
Supreme Court's attack on the remnants
of America's Libre culture can Labour be
reinvented re radicalized renewed to
meet the needs of an oligarchic 21st
century to defeat that plutocracy defeat
that oligarchy then crew great joy gray
she's back she's the editor politics
editor for the intercept we're talking
about why socialism wins the victory of
alexandria Axio cortez Ocasio Ocasio
cortez i knew that was gonna happen
she's gonna have to bear with me
alexandria Acacio cortez her victory
what that means why socialism wins and
why the mainstream media is still
refusing to get it plus Jake Flores very
funny man at least according to
everybody besides that fascist thug
organization ice he's in studio he's
gonna join us
and we're gonna cover a lot more plus of
course we have a gulag and these guys
really need it because we're gonna need
to save America from them too and we
have an economic minute with a
temporarily panicked but now restore
David Griscom all that and much much
more on this week's Michael Brooks show
let's get it first we need to start with
some positive news from Mexico andris
oppa door that country's leftist
candidate populist center-left candidate
depending on how we're defining the
terminology the candidate certainly of
the left electoral preference in Mexico
was elected president just a couple of
days ago and let's before we break this
down further and get into the incredible
failings of John Oliver when speaking
about Latin America let's play a clip of
the president-elect opa door which by
the way translates to something
analogous to a worker I am told into
English which is an interesting namesake
Yuri is really indicating that he is
more of a Lula than a Shabbos as he
speaks to supporters in his victory
rally Andres Lopez up adore
[Music]
the new project of the nation will seek
to establish an authentic democracy we
don't bet on building an open or closed
dictatorship the changes will be
profound but will happen with the strict
adherence to the legal established order
there will be corporate freedom freedom
of expression of Association and of
beliefs we will guarantee all the
individual and social freedoms as well
as the political rights of citizens
consecrated in our constitution there
will be no need to increase taxes in
real terms not for the country to fall
into debt there were also be no hikes in
petrol I will lower the general cost of
living and the public investment to
propel productive activities and to
create jobs the objective is to
strengthen the internal market to try to
produce what we consume in the country
we won't act in an arbitrary way and
there will be no confiscation or
expropriation of property the
transformation will consist in basically
banishing corruption from our country
who won't have a problem in achieving
this objective because the people of
meheeco are the heir of great
civilizations so let's be clear he's
talking about a corruption which is very
serious in Mexico and he is in some ways
obviously ruling out much more radical
reforms which will in fact need to
happen but the Nexus of cartels and the
main political parties besides morena
the newly formed party created by Andres
Lopez abidor along with the traditional
oligarchic and corrupt interests and
clientelist networks that run mexican
politics do feed a system of corruption
which entrenches and overlaps with u.s.
foreign policy Western corporate
interests the United States corporate
interests to a system that not only
doesn't work but now has actually
accelerated violence brutality and
neoliberal entrenchment so he's right
about that he might be soft peddling
other things as I say he's clearly
trying to position himself in the lula
mode more than the shabbos mode which
the far-right campaigned against him as
now all that being said does that speak
speech remind you of anybody else well
about a week or so
a couple weeks ago another speech or his
more accurately his campaigning in
general did make ALPA door remind John
Oliver of another figure goals might be
clear but but the details of how he
plans to achieve them can be pretty
sketchy his opponents of attacked him as
a dangerous leftist but journalists who
have covered him say it's hard to judge
things based on his policy platforms
because they are prone to change often
seemingly overnight and that he often
makes big promises while keeping his own
advisers guessing as to what he really
means so in that way he's actually more
reminiscent of a Mexican Donald Trump
which I know he's a weird image to
conjure up like Orthodox Hitler or so
that's ridiculous
condescending and foolish on so many
levels
it could almost make you nauseous in
fact it does make me nauseous
the arrogant paternalist stupidity of
that Comet cursory research would show
you two clearly clear things one Andres
Lopez up adore comes from the Left
tradition which has almost entirely died
inside the pre the Institutional
Revolutionary Party of Mexico a party
which has existed for over seventy years
and did contain a populist left
contingent in the 70s when opa door got
his start in politics he later would
leave the party found another party that
was a party of the left and more
recently on low as he is called there
and his commonly used nickname would go
on to found morena a new party because
in fact of a falling out with the left
break off party because of their falls
into corruption and clientelism we also
know that he was a successful leader of
Mexico City
that's his ideology and the compromises
and networks that he is built to win
this election some of which are very
unappealing and very problematic are the
products of the constituency building
and coalition assembly that any single
candidate would have to do
in order to win in any democracy John
Oliver's arrogance and delusion an
obsession with details by the way
details about policy that AMLO
supposedly is not fulfilling while John
Oliver cannot fulfill the details of am
loathe politics with a staff of however
many people he has at HBO none of that
in the segment just a bunch of
about well it sounds like Trump I guess
cuz you know they both like don't like
the elites or some other nonsense and
this fits a pattern John Oliver recently
did another segment on Venezuela
let's condense this down really simply
I've said before I'm not going to defend
certain policies of the Maduro
government and not be real about
Venezuela but from a u.s. perspective I
would argue that the most important and
paramount thing is to oppose US
intervention and destabilization of
sovereign nations period the United
States supported a coup under the Bush
administration in 2002 a fact that
Oliver didn't even mention in a segment
where he blithely dismissed all talk
from the Venezuelan government about us
interference okay 2002 I guess that's a
little bit ago maybe it's not relevant
to mention that we actively celebrated a
coup when you're dismissing Maduro
spheres as delusions because I don't
know that might get in the way of a
Maduro empanada joke or something you're
trying to land okay fair enough
but how about in 2017 Mike Pompeo as
head of the CIA now head of the State
Department publicly saying that the
agency was looking for ways of
dislodging the Venezuelan government
hopefully there can be a transition in
Venezuela and we the CIA are doing its
best to understand the dynamics there
Pompeo said I was just down in Mexico
City and in Bogota last week we were
talking about this very issue hmm that's
really interesting
the head of the CIA yeah right you were
in neighboring right lean or not one in
Colombia in hemispheric right-leaning
countries to talk about the CIA's role
in a transition in Venezuela we know
that the sanctions we know that the
Venezuelan corporate sector and
opposition movement have been connected
in some respects to the CIA and we know
that there is an active plan there that
in some respects really does mirror in
his example the destabilization policies
in the 1970s in Jamaica does this mean
that there have not been failings in
Venezuela absolutely not but it does
mean that John Oliver did a pathetic
one-sided segment where he didn't even
acknowledge basic facts in Brazil
several years ago he did a segment which
the opposition that of course burgeoned
into the lawfare coup that removed Dilma
Rousseff on a technicality and is now
imprisoned Lula da Silva ran with and
posted all over social media so my
request to you John Oliver is maybe do a
follow-up segment in Mexico where you
get some basic facts right about Olmos
politics and the coalition of people who
are tired of being murdered exploited
oppressed and the dependence of
extortionist clientele networks backed
by the traditional parties and US
foreign policy
maybe even loop around a little bit more
and recognize that even though maybe
you're I don't know your OJ Simpson joke
was cute about Venezuela but you omitted
two of the most important details
anybody would need to have in order to
comment on Venezuela appropriately with
regards to u.s. foreign policy and also
maybe you shouldn't be sort of
plaintively asking what the US can do
the US has done plenty in Latin America
perhaps less is the answer and three
it's okay that these segments are not as
funny as they could be spend less time
with the joke writers trying to
do the empanada jokes and more
time with the researchers that can teach
you that not everything in the world is
Donald Trump or if it is Donald Trump
then just focus on Donald Trump Donald
Trump is the greatest menace on the
planet right now he is a massive
you can get endless material out out of
him do it but if you're gonna venture
outside of US borders better to know
what the you're talking about
guys I know David was very upset about
this segment he's a big John Oliver fan
David yeah I mean I pass it to you
you know John Oliver is actually one of
the few lanyard liberals that I really
like but I mean the thing that
comparison to Donald Trump is just so
obnoxious on so many levels and I just
want to know two things about almost
policies that John Oliver missed yep one
was to demilitarize the southern border
of Mexico with Guatemala which is quite
quite Trump like yeah yeah exactly I
didn't know uprising a border to improve
human conditions there very another
another echo of Trump another West to
end the demilitarized the war on drugs
in Mexico which has led to quite scary
results with soldiers and stuff like
well as Trump and sessions have been
working on the if they're very concerned
by the racial and social justice
implications of a failed war on drugs so
I guess that's another good point and
the and the last one is that you know
the only
AMLO has promised something that is very
important which is in the renegotiations
of NAFTA to protect Mexican farmers from
u.s. agriculture which receives
incredible subsidies which is not very
which is not very much in the spirit of
a free trade and it's been devastating
to the people but of course you know all
know has to be this vague politician is
just promising whatever and instead if
you could really take a moment and look
at for a second at like the conditions
of Mexico and why for a moment that a
left politician who's challenging the
the structure that has sort of destroyed
the the people of Mexico and put them
into this very difficult situation why
that would mean something to them it's I
don't know it's just like you don't even
need to be a really smart person when it
comes to politics to understand why this
is how
let me just said really quickly he
completely uncritically talked about the
Venezuelan opposition and I want to be
really clear there is ample legitimate
grievance in Venezuela against the
Maduro government let's not be
delusional but he had no conversation
about any of the violent tactics that
some of them of employed which if you
want to you know I'm certain that John
Oliver is not a sympathizer of any type
of violent insurrection he didn't
mention that
and with regards to Mexico he talked
about in 2006 when on lo protested a
nail-biter election which he lost which
was very what he said was fraudulent
loss that is a at the very least we
could say it is a highly credible
argument that that allowed for shell to
vote less than one per day and a lot of
people think it was stolen and in this
election a lot of people and politicians
associated with reform were murdered by
cartels during the campaign so maybe his
protesting on the streets of Mexico City
in 2006 what many thought was a stolen
election was not just a irrational sore
loser syndrome I actually probably have
the longest experience with John Oliver
I pray tell listen to his podcast the
bugle back when it was still hosted by I
don't think it was the news of the world
what's the The Times yeah Rupert Murdoch
owned and that is some of the best
podcasting ever when they're talking
about the phone hacking scandal with
Rupert Murdoch Wow Rupert Murdoch
doesn't realize that he's publishing
their podcast or it doesn't really
notice that they're even doing it but
everyone's wanted like tap on the mic is
anybody to listen to this that's a great
podcast and then they they kept it on
and it still persists without John
Oliver but yeah I think I missed that
podcast I don't really watch his HBO
show like if I watched late-night shows
I think well DISA Sameera was the best
one these are marrows but that's that's
the only one I ever watched Jesus and
Maryland Vice land that's really that's
really politics
I know it's mainly pop culture but
they're smart about politics and most
people try to do politics yeah Jim
Jeffries is the is good is better than
John Oliver is John Oliver I mean
nothing's as bad as The Daily Show but
you know I don't watch this if I have to
watch what if
I don't want where I don't hate it yeah
his domestic stuff is good but like yeah
I did the China bit I thought that was
weird
that just the tone is off of it it does
seem like it's Voice of America
like propaganda sometimes yeah it's
embarrassing
all right let's we're gonna do a little
bit of a shout-out running a few minutes
behind but that's fine I let's play the
shout out to get us in the mood of shout
out shout out Alex Jones and Amla are
really similar that they don't like the
government Jared I don't agree but if
Dan Turkey could give us a shout out
BtoB let's get to
crazy control creepy weird crane beats
out of each other frames you gotta show
that this is crazies out of this out of
control shout out shout outs
the shoutout is to every piece of
resistance that has been happening in
the last week or so you know I was off
last week taking some vacation time and
it was a very upsetting week there was a
lot of static and there was also but you
know static we brought our own static to
the fight against the inhumane the
fascist the grotesque forces that are
running this country including as an
example we're playing some footage of
this occupy ice and campement in
Portland some truly important an
aggressive activism and exactly the type
of thing that needs to be happening
everywhere across the country there was
also moves as an example to not you know
sit down the daily propagandist Sarah
Huckabee at a restaurant in Virginia
other administration officials had their
meals disrupted which according to a lot
of the sort of leading lights of the
mediocrities that still preside over the
centrist consensus of this country well
of course was really morally analogous
to kidnapping children and holding them
in cages and terrorizing families
obviously wouldn't want to have any
incivility and in the spirit of that
delusion which of course is the absolute
obvious and inverse of the moral courage
of the people who were outside
protesting occupying disrupting the
meals of administration officials across
the country over this past week was the
centrist delusion which was which has
very deep roots and I want to quote from
these roots this is an excerpt and this
has been looked into I I've actually
triple checked this even just in prep
because it's sort of unbelievable this
is a Marshall McLuhan moment for the
whole country and culture this is a
quote from a column that was released by
one Henry
cadbury in the new york times in 1934
and mr. Cadbury was a professor and he
was also quite concerned like other
