so you know this dude oh and Benjamin he
is no relation to John Benjamin he's
actually he is my new favorite person
well let the one who couldn't keep his
hands to himself at the casino is that
right oh yes this is the guy who don't
we don't know smacked a guy at the
Foxwoods casino performance and this was
it Mohegan Sun was on which sounds
funnier and maybe this this clip which
is a great clip maybe though it could
give you some insight into his fragile
state of mind and why if the alleged
that had happened he might be reacting
that's right and so Owen Benjamin well
you know what we're gonna start with
this one so Owen Benjamin did a video
for Prager University where he's
explaining that comedy is a precious
thing and that black people being
sensitive about being black is really
really harming comedy and we know we all
know the famous saying first they came
for the comedians and I said nothing
then they came for the Cabaret actors
and I said nothing then they came for
the professional dancers I mean it goes
on and on do you understand what I'm
saying
but here is that Prager University the
wholly subsidized libertarian project
espousing the need to have more
espousing the need for black people to
have more understanding about white
comedians and our our buddy Nathan
Bernard right oh this isn't the edit oh
I thought that's what it was all right
well let's watch the Prager University
but then let's come up with the edited
version three white men walk into a bar
you're a racist is that a joke in
today's hyper sensitive world it's hard
to know what
funny anymore and as someone who makes
his living as a comedian that's a big
problem ask Jerry Seinfeld he's
announced he won't play college campuses
he doesn't want to deal with all the
political correctness positive and he's
not exact Jerry Seinfeld didn't play
colleges do college kids even like Jerry
Seinfeld do you know what happens when
Jerry Seinfeld shows up there they go
who's that old dude you know who else is
not playing college campuses anymore Bob
Hope he also stopped playing college
campuses earn good who edgy comedy is
important why because it's a pressure
valve that allows us to discuss
uncomfortable truths in a friendly way
laughs are better than punches but
identity pause it for one second so in
other words it allows you know I'm sure
oh and Benjamin is really dealing with
some uncomfortable truths about himself
or about people like him it's just like
it allows me to say things that are
uncomfortable for you and have fun with
it but you're ruining it by not having
fun with it yeah it's interesting that
he's talking about hitting someone that
is also sort of interesting too is the
comedy way or the assault at Mohegan Sun
way oh yeah politics is killing the gag
how many times have you heard someone
say something like this you're not black
so you don't know what it's like to be
me you're a man so you can't have an
opinion about any issues affecting women
as a left-handed pants are closeted
posit how many times have you heard
someone say you're a man you can't have
an opinion about any issues affecting
women now I have to say I run in fairly
identity politics circles SJW SJ doubles
and I have to say I have never heard
anyone say that to me continue Ben as a
left-handed pansexual leprechaun only I
really know about elevator safety
comedy only works when we agree on
certain realities I think that I I don't
know what that is except for the guy
apparently is going taking an elevator
to hell is that what that it was about
no idea all right
comedy only works when we agree on
certain realities take this joke why do
you always go fishing with at least two
Baptists because if you only take one
he'll drink all your beer
the reason this gets a laugh is because
most of us recognize that many religious
people are a little more religious
around other religious people that
hypocrisy is funny because everyone can
relate to it on some was it for one
second wait a second I think was that
joke suppose we actually supposed to be
funny
or was he is he being is it gonna be
some type of reveal where he goes ah see
that joke wasn't really funny I'm gonna
say it's genuine wait go back go back I
need to hear this joke and get a hold it
the whole joke no the two Baptists are
during a yes rebaptised of fishing I
know you're friends with a lot of really
funny people but some comedians are just
bad well I'm not believe me they're like
so incredulous good anyway this joke dad
why do you always go fishing with at
least two Baptists because if you only
take one he'll drink all your beer the
reason this gets a laugh is because the
other guy but but is there some type of
Baptists
edik that you're not supposed to drink
alcohol no Baptists are known to being
low IQ morons and that's not politically
correct to say but I will say it because
I'm unarmed wait a second are they anti
alcohol around
oh is that right okay there's a - beer /
- person okay all right most of us
recognize that many religious people are
a little more religious around other
religious people that hypocrisy is funny
because everyone can relate to it on
some level we're all little hypocritical
now and then the problem is that today
fewer and fewer people seem to agree on
the basics that just a lot funnier if it
was a Muslim that is I mean I actually
like legit that would be a kind of funny
joke had two Muslims the problem is that
not enough people agree with Owen
Benjamin on the basics as to what are
what is funny that is the problem with
comedy today now here is our buddy
Nathan Bernard interspersed that that
video with another funny bit that Owen
Benjamin did and if you don't find it
funny it's just because you
unfortunately for comedy don't share the
same understanding of the world here it
is comedy is important but identity
politics is killing the gag how many
times have you heard someone say
something like this you're not black so
you don't know what it's like to be me
look there's the chain it's been sawed
in half someone definitely took my bike
it couldn't be the black guy over there
sitting on the thing that looks exactly
like my bike
because everyone thinks you know
everyone gives black people a hard time
and I'm not gonna be a racist even
though it does save to have my name
written on at the exact way I wrote my
name on it
should I say something No
I don't want I don't want to pet you ate
any stereotypes but that stole my
bike
[Music]
you're a racist yeah
now the funny part is that people should
understand is that maybe he needs to
explain it to us some more so we can
understand was funny like apparently
Leslie Jones was on the view I think
that yesterday day before and it's just
this and it's and also like Judy gold I
did watch she did do this vice thing
where she was like yeah college kids are
ridiculous and they know comedy and
Leslie Jones was like people need to
stop like digging up old bits and
bothering comedians on Twitter basically
and I agree with all those sentiments
completely but what's just amazing is
like these guys use this like sort of
Twitter culture war rhetoric to just
slide in like some even comedy that's
just like that's just racism yeah that's
not a joke there's no satire there's
nothing like we're gonna play an edge
here for a payoff
that's just like you want to say that
word dude that's it yeah well I think
there's a lot I think that's a lot
there's a lot I think a lot of comedy
does work because people have common
experiences with the comedian and but if
somebody is that racist like I'm
not going to identify with that like I
don't think any of us here would have a
problem like if we saw someone stealing
our bike to say like you give me my
bike back well I would if they were if
they were black I would be like I was
just a Julia Marie Subaru Darin on the
history of banking and capitalism in
this country so please take my bank bike
and also I apologize that's the
character that they but like Howard
Stern had stuff all the time on his show
which genuinely like I mean it was funny
but you could argue either way I think
like if you wanted to evaluate it
politically like where the line was of
what was actually being mocked but you
could always make the
case that you know that the object of
the satire like was actually those
racial addicts right and and but in a
way that really yes if for people who
are too uptight and don't have a sense
of humor and triggered by words and her
literalist they would be offended by it
but he wasn't just doing that like
that's just garbage that's not comedy
right it's it's a guy I mean first of
all look the tip-off is when you get a
lien on the piano right that's a tip-off
it's like dude you just want to use the
word you don't want to say I'm gonna go
for something and pull off using that
word and I might fail now
you just want to use the word because
you're an sorry with all that we
had to say about Owen Benjamin being you
know full of crap about his attempting
to justify the a the importance of
comedy and look I made a ton of money
via comedy in one form or another so on
some level it's important to me but in
terms of society the idea that Owen
Benjamin can't play at a college campus
could not have less importance in any
shape or form the idea that you would
not get paid ten fifteen twenty thousand
dollars to perform at a college I can
assure you colleges will be better off
if they don't pay for headline comedians
it's not necessary it is a draw on
Student Activities funds which could be
spent to other places and more
interesting ways so I don't think
there's a net negative to be found with
all that said about Owen Benjamin here
is his finest hour where he talks about
how much he resents all the people he
into - in the what is it the
intellectual dark when he intellectus is
dark are his best eye he's been somebody
who I've just regardless of content Ivo
been like how was this guy even a
comedian he's profoundly unfunny I
finally get it yeah I mean he's
this is his finest hour and of course
like all conservatives it comes out of
his own a sense of being aggrieved
keeping a list
of the people that that when you're down
they take shots and take little shots
and when Eric here at
Weinstein man
when I lost my Twitter's when he told me
I was bad for his brand and that we
weren't gonna be close friends anymore
and I was filled with too much chaos
oh you think maybe it's cuz I don't have
a 126 thousand flowers that can help
spread your is is that maybe not
part of it or you got a little a chill a
little shiver that if you speak your
mind that the the powerful
people in Silicon Valley can take it all
from me and that made you a little
scared
made you rethink your friendships which
one is it which one is it cuz I
know it's not chaos because you're
friends with Joe Rogan Joe Rogan's the
most chaotic person I've ever met
granted he's very disciplined but he'll
happen it you'll be like aw dude today
it's all about freezing your dick and
shooting a bow and arrow and taking
mushrooms doing comedy and then shooting
guns like okay so that isn't chaotic or
wait a minute it's about it's about
money and power huh and not about ethics
and not about doing the right thing or
any of this but I'm the bad guy
right I'm the bad guy you bunch
of coward intellectual dark web
more like intellectual web bunch of
 oh don't say that word I mean
listen listen we're here for free speech
and we're here for free expression but
not these words and not this statement
and if you do this we won't hang out
with you oh and never make fun of sam
harris because he's our atheist jesus
sam harris is their leader by the way
just know that he's the guy that they
call gets scared of sam big
years harris his mom invented golden
girls he's a rich kid from LA he was
born with a silver spoon in his dick
hole Golden Girls you know much money
that is you know much money he was
raised with that's why he could sit for
20 days in a goddamn no talking retreat
in the woods run away because the
has a trust fund and thank you no one
wants to be friends with me anymore
because I'm banned from Twitter they
loved my jokes when my Twitter was
still up that's right totally unfair it
but the most perfect description of Sam
Harris I'm sorry like to the T that is
the there's really nothing else
I mean I'm writing a book about it so I
guess listen and say here what else do
you two know about Sam Harris here is
the here is what I would ask people to
do please please go over give that video
a click it would be so awesome if Owen
Benjamin's career could just turn into
turning on all those people yeah that
would be fun and these guys follow the
clicks all the time the intolerant IDW
yeah all of a sudden he ends of it he's
he's like and that's why I'm an advocate
for reparations and I'm a classical
moderate the international web so
good to watch these destroy
each other turn against one another
because they're essentially antisocial
that's their whole entire ideology so of
course they're not gonna get along
they're gonna cannibalize each other in
ways that are funny to watch it's also
like I also like the angle because I
really do what's Joe Rogan like his
relationship with sam harris is super
bizarre and i actually like the idea of
like the angle for Rogen being like dude
like you know spread your wings why are
you afraid of this like you know this
nasty nerd ben stiller guy like come on
buddy
