any Lowrey author of give people money
how universal basic income would the end
poverty revolutionize work and remake
the world welcome to the program Annie
thank you so much for having me
alright let's I mean let's go through
and I should also let me just start also
by saying that you wrote a piece the
other day about our stock buybacks
starving the economy I and III have a
that's the sort of the Bali Wicca mine
so I want to maybe it would get to that
and after our discussion of universal
basic income but let's start with the
the lowest hanging fruit in terms of the
ubi well well actually even before we
get to how it would end poverty just
tell us what it is
yeah so it's a really simple idea so you
basically imagine that the government
would give everybody something like a
Social Security payment that's just you
know like the classic ubi idea the
number that people often talk about is
sort of five hundred or a thousand
dollars a month and then there's a lot
of common variance so another idea is
that the government would provide
something called a guaranteed minimum
income so you know the government knows
pretty well how much you earn through
the tax system so if you fell below say
the poverty line or 130 percent of the
poverty line then they would just boost
your income up through tax rebate so
those are the kind of two central ideas
that people are usually talking about
and and one is a little bit more
universal obviously than the other but I
guess what are the implications of one
being more or less Universal in those
two yeah so it's it's a good question
because it sort of depends on what
problem you're trying to solve right so
say that we have a guaranteed minimum
income that's going to be a really
effective way to get families out of
poverty basically gonna say you know
there's a floor in the country we're a
really rich Society we're not going to
let anybody live on six thousand dollars
a year in cash on quarters not going to
do it but if they actually universal and
everybody's getting it so
rich/poor you need everyone that's the
fighting kind of a form of social
insurance it's also going to help do
things like boost middle-class wages
provide a kind of wage for people who
are not in paid work that are still an
important work so doing things like care
work if you're taking care of a kid or
an elderly relative or a parent um and
so you know the full-fat UVI is sort of
a more radical policy with a lot more
policy implications but if you're
looking to just end poverty in the
richest society that the planet has ever
known you know you can do it through
this more sort of guaranteed minimum
policy all right well let's okay let's
let's let's address that I mean it
obviously it ends poverty insofar as I
mean almost definitionally speaking
right I mean if you give people the
enough money so that they are no longer
fall within our definition of poverty
they're no longer in poverty yeah but
well what of and and I guess maybe work
in some of the the critiques as we go
through these
what of the argument that well okay so
we're gonna pay we're gonna pay
everybody a thousand dollars let's go
with just the universal one everybody's
gonna get a thousand dollars and that
will take you out of poverty
I guess presumably if you have four
people in the family right you're gonna
get you're gonna get forty eight
thousand dollars a year and that that
will take you out of poverty what what
happens - okay so it's going to put
upward pressure on wages presumably it
would put upward wages on on prices - no
and what would you would there be like
this this game of like never catch the
the rabbit going around the track yeah
so it's a really good question there are
not great studies about ubi itself and
inflation a lot of people have raised
this issue but I think that you can
basically let's forget UVI and let's
just imagine that you have a more
equitable distribution of income and
consumption so an economy like we had in
the late 90s we had you know we had more
inflation
but there are ways to temper inflation
right like this is a fiscal policy and
you're still going to have monetary
policy and it's probably still a better
equilibrium if you just you know are
still providing more purchasing power to
middle income and lower income families
so it's hard for me to to see a world in
which it literally all just gets eaten
up by inflation it is possible to see a
world in which it gets eaten up by
things like a rinse or rising cost of
education or healthcare and so you know
it's not it's certainly not a silver
bullet that like ensures better levels
of consumption for anyone everyone but
it does probably help get you there okay
I mean I just imagine like okay if I if
I owned a bodega in a fairly low income
area and I know that all of a sudden
every one of my customers now has got an
extra thousand dollars cash I don't know
what I'm going to do with my price is
there but all right let's move on to how
it would revolutionize work yeah so
there's kind of two ways that I think
about this the one and you know I know
that this is obviously something that
you talked about on your showing
extraordinary depth but between
declining unionization rates in the
private sector and between a relatively
low minimum wage by historical standards
due to increasing concentration among
companies in just huge number of sectors
of the economy
you've seen this you know declining
labor share of income for decades now
and so this is kind of one way to make
sure that workers are kind of getting
their fair share if you had a thousand
dollars a month to fall back on
it's unlikely or less likely that you
would take a job for $8 an hour that was
dangerous and degrading something you
wouldn't otherwise do right like you're
not going to find a lot of
slaughterhouse workers for $8 an hour if
you're also providing them at $1,000
one way and then another way that it's
theorized that this could be good thing
is that you know we've known for
hundreds of years
that GDP and national income and
national accounting really only accounts
for certain types of work and that's P
at work but there's a huge amount of
unpaid labor that's done I'm primarily
by women and often by women of color um
that's really important to the economy
functioning right like somebody needs to
be taking care of baby somebody taking
care of older people and people who
might be sick people with disabilities
and so um this is kind of a way of
providing a sort of social wage for that
kind of work because we're coming into
this you know we have an existing
childcare crisis that's really just you
know it's driving women out of the labor
force and it's it's sort of difficult
for families all over the income scale
which is kind of an interesting thing
although obviously it's much harder for
women who are low-income a parent to a
low-income and then you know we have a
coming care crisis one that's probably
and a lot of cases already here in terms
of elder care and so you know if that
work is socially beneficial but it's
hard to make a living doing it and it's
very hard to pay for in some cases you
can imagine that this is sort of um a
way of addressing that it's certainly
not the only way to address that but it
would probably provide families and
especially low-income families with more
more choice more choice to either stay
in the labor market or leave to pay for
care or not and that that could be a
really good thing so broadly speaking it
empowers labor and empowers people to
make choices as to where they actually
expend effort and and work you know
broadly speaking work without having to
worry about having the ability to make
money at it I guess yeah ideally this is
a way of providing people with more
freedom and more choice and so you know
you before you were pointing out that
there's this kind of technical
definition of poverty right like are you
above or below this line and that's like
an important definition and getting
above it is really
important we know that the simple
mathematical fact of getting above it as
all sorts of other good beneficial
effects on families and kids and people
but you know this is like blotter sense
in which poverty is about social
exclusion it's about not having choice
and so I think that if you think of this
as basically you know being a way to
provide more choice more freedom perhaps
even more dignity to people or at least
starting to think about ways to do that
again given that we have this amazing
productive huge economy that we still
have so many folks that are like wow you
know I can barely make ends meet or I'm
not making ends meet um but that's the
kind of like sort of more powerful
philosophical idea that a lot of hat
people have behind it yeah I mean I
think it one point you refer to it as an
ethos in and and that's I mean that
largely that's what you're talking about
yeah exactly like on the one hand this
is kind of a technocratic policy fix you
know um and in in another hand we could
be talking about well okay is this
better than an e ITC expansion or is
this better than a child credit or you
know Universal cash payment of some
other kind to some other group of people
and it's all well and good but I also
think that it really the thing that I
find so interesting about it is it does
it just forces you to ask yourself what
questions policy could answer and why we
don't answer them right like what
problems we just we just leave and we
say well that's just you know that's
capitalism that's a free market that's
our society that's how we are an
exciting to say it's funny because I'm
you know with some of these questions
I'm not even sure ubi is the best way to
address them but it begs the question of
how things might be different right and
that's what I find interesting about it
too but let's before we get to remake
the world as the would cover all of your
your the subtitle let's just address
some of the critiques from the right
before we get to the critiques from the
left you give people money and of course
then you've turned the social safety net
into a hammock
haven't you yeah it's a common critique
it's not one that I think holds much
water and there is certainly an amount
of money that you could give people that
they would stop working and that's
absolutely true right like if we gave
everybody a hundred fifty thousand
dollars a year from somewhere and made
no other changes in crisis a constant
like I think a lot of people would stop
working and would just you know enjoy
themselves right and that would be a
horrible world would enjoy themselves
and spend time with their family that
would be a horrible thing yeah and now
I'm with you on that and I certainly
hope that the robot apocalypse makes it
so that none of us really have to work
anywhere I think that would be great um
yeah look like yes a ubi we we have
studies of this and it shows that people
stopped working some not that many and
the people who reduce their work effort
as the literature puts it or quit
working are often young people who stay
in school for longer they are the
parents of young children and then they
are older folks who choose to retire or
step back from work a little bit early
it's hard to convince me that those are
bad things I mean that's also it's an
arbitrary definition of what we
constitute what we what we define is
work right I mean yeah it's quite
possible if I'm going and taking care of
my elderly parent or I'm taking care of
my young child I'm doing work it's just
I'm not being paid for it I'm certainly
doing something that's valuable to
society that or I and something that I
could pay someone to do it's just that
when I choose to do it I'm not getting
paid yeah exactly and so you know and
it's hard right like does that mean that
you're gonna have a lower
employment-to-population ratio and
possibly a lower GDP yeah it does but
those are not really totally they're not
whole measures of welfare right like
it's not capturing everything and so I
think that that's important I would also
note that the more punitive measures to
get people to work like work
Airmen's they kind of speed up how fast
people get a job but there's not a lot
of evidence that they get people out of
poverty and in fact people who can't
comply with work requirements you get
sanctioned and that in really deep
poverty um and so you know I understand
that there's this argument that the
government just wants to encourage human
flourishing by getting people into the
workforce and keeping them there
um and I do think that sort of policies
that focus more on carrots and sticks so
like the Earned Income Tax Credit have
proven really valuable um but I do think
that you know our our conception of work
can change even our conception of how to
measure the health of our economy and
our quality can change and so you know
again I just I don't I don't see a mom
of three kids or a dad who wants to be
with his parent when his parent is dying
um you know that's such a bad thing for
them to stop working well I mean if you
give them $12,000 a year they're gonna
want to do that every time one of their
parents are dying and that's going to be
I mean that's I mean largely that's what
it is right I mean the argument
ultimately boils down to someone's sense
of morality and of you know what that
you literally like idle hands are the
devil's plaything I mean even if we we
can argue about whether or not whether
people are actually idle that's a data
point that is probably measurable and
some if we had the ability to measure
that but but ultimately it's this it's
this sort of it's it's a moral hazard
argument and it's a very specific sense
of morality on some level that that
people are are promoting and and and and
I would also add we never hear it in the
context of like wealthy people's kids no
never
nobody is ever like you know what we
actually want to cap you know we want to
tax capital income higher because we
want people to be wage earners we want
them to be working in that way instead
of receiving passive income you know
like I've never heard anybody make that
argument I've never heard anybody say
we're going to attach work requirements
to the mortgage interest adoption right
like
the way in which you know we have
Puritan roots right and it shows up in
policies like this um and you know I
just say I do and I think you're also
right to gesture to this way in which
like hopefully in the future we could
work the less like that would be great
if the economy grew that you know in
such a way that that we had such wealth
that we could actually sort of step back
a little which is you know other
societies to valorize that right that's
a way I I've referenced this before on
the show but I found by I bought a
steamer trunk years ago at a yard sale
and outside of Boston and there was a an
article from the Miami Herald from like
a futurist in the 40s who was giving a
talk I guess to a ladies luncheon or
something to that effect but said the
real challenge that we were gonna have
by the end of the century is gonna be
what are we gonna do with our four-day
workweek because technology is going to
free us all and we're gonna have to just
the real challenge is going to be
figuring out what we do with our down
time waiting for homework but all right
let's talk about the efficacy of just
handing people money and and to the
extent that we've seen any studies or
examples of this around the world yeah
absolutely so low and middle-income
countries it's very popular more than a
hundred of them have either
unconditional cash transfers so like if
you're poor we just give you money or
conditional ones
the two biggest exemplars of this are
you know the two that that sort of
started the trend that are pointed to
most often a program called bolsa
família and opportunities which are in
Mexico and in Brazil and those are
conditional so basically they say to
poor families who are in those countries
tend to be a lot poorer than the even
the poor families here if you have your
kids vaccinated and if your kid is
enrolled in school then you can receive
this transfer money and so those they
work great they work really well and we
have to study after study after study
both in a low-income country context and
in high-income country contact showing
that if you
give people cash they they consume more
which is kind of the idea um but they're
kind of pattern of consumption doesn't
tend to change and so they're not off
like gambling and buying alcohol and
that kind of thing you know they just
they buy more groceries basically it
just you know it makes make their lives
a little bit easier and especially in
low-income countries don't have evidence
that it works it reduces work effort at
all
and because of those cases you know you
still are even with the transfer facing
the issue of you know you how you just
get food on the table in a lot of cases
yeah just giving people cash works
really well it's not something that we
do outside of Social Security here and
because there's that you know kind of
again cultural belief that your Social
Security payment is yours and you paid
for it and the government doesn't have
any right to tell you what to do with it
obviously that's like I think a little
bit of a nun misunderstanding of
accounting but for something like food
stamps they're very restrictive right
like in some places is my favorite
example about food stamps in some ways
you have to make sure that you're buying
domestically produced cheap so can you
imagine you're a parent they're trying
to feed your child with liquor with them
and you have to like a look at where the
cheese was made because God forbid you
don't buy the right cheese and again we
just have all these kind of restrictive
things and you know maybe you do have
food stamps or SNAP benefits maybe that
helps you out but you're missing your
gas payment you're about to get your
electricity turned off you really need
your car fixed and so that's not payment
doesn't necessarily help with those
problems the money would be much more
valuable to you if it were fungible and
we should add to that the the value of
this is is you know stretches to people
who are I think are you know involved in
more or less for lack of a better term
you know gig the gig economy where you
you know you ride out abs and flows I
mean I think there's been a significant
amount of research that one of the
problems with poverty is that your money
comes in chunks at times and there are
times of the year where you have no
money and other times a year we have a
little bit more but you're just paying
off bills this would sort
I guess even things out a little bit
yeah absolutely it would help provide
kind of it'd be kind of like insurance
right you know you're never going to be
literally without and that maybe you
won't have to you know maybe you're not
