angel what is tucker carlson Genda did
you see his quote-unquote conversation
with jank why - Tucker seemed sensible
well because Tucker's really good at
what he does and I think that people
need to actually start like we need to
assess I mean well I'll keep doing like
liking saying it anymore because you
know part of it of this show is
entertainment and mockery and everything
but Tucker Carlson is extremely good at
what he does and he is very adept at
doing the twists that we're talking
about actually of taking um at times
legitimate grievances and twisting them
towards fascistic and I find them fashio
fine that's a good phrase fashio fiying
them or also um doing what Trump did I
which you know Mehdi Hasan was the first
person to point this out some people on
the Left found it refreshing that Donald
Trump was responded to sanctimonious TV
interviewers asking him about Russian
human rights records by saying like you
think were such angels and some people
were kind of like yeah that's kind of
refreshing because every you know every
day some politician is extolling the
endless virtues of a country that for
90% of its history I believe that number
is 90% of its history has been at some
form of war or another that hat presides
over a global Empire that you know we
know all of this stuff and this isn't
just like a moral accounting it's it's
part it's in our DNA and strategy as a
country from the genocide of the Native
Americans to global kinetic warfare now
from Somalia to Yemen to Pakistan so he
is able to but as many Hassan said Noam
Chomsky points that out because the
point is is that we shouldn't be doing
any of that whether it's us or Assad or
Russia or Iran or China or whoever we
need to create a better global system
that does not treat so many lives as
expendable Tucker Carlson is in adroit
he is a
master of using those correct hypocrisy
x' and Piatt 'yes but not to evolve to
devolve the discourse and you're seeing
a lot of this with the Jamal kesaji
story right so look around me - right -
like oh this happens all the time
therefore it's fine versus this happens
all the time therefore we need to do
something about it right therefore we
need to uproot it that's why hypocrisy
arguments are insufficient that's what
exactly so we saw with Jamal his shaggy
which Tucker is gonna talk about in this
case though obviously he talks about the
examples you just brought up plenty and
uses those as well
Jamal Khashoggi was yes Lindsey Graham
who is a self-proclaimed regular
defender of the Saudis had a big
meltdown about what happened with Jamal
khashoggi
of course and you're gonna see this in
the clip the Saudis are engaged in a
campaign of mass murder in Yemen and
while I do not buy the stupid line on
the other side of this equation the
Saudis undoubtedly support Salafist
groups in Syria and they have their own
profoundly repressive and cruel record
inside the kingdom and why is that like
what leaps out about this thing well
actually one thing that does leak a leap
out about this thing is that this still
is a level of brazenness that shows
again a devolution of basic standards
and that actually does matter but more
broadly we should be using this as an
example to evolve another system but
watch how Tucker Carlson uses this it's
really effective and people got to be
watching this guy so there you have it
cuz shogi is in fact dead as we have
already been told and the Saudis did it
they admit it now what should we make of
this well the usual head not arse on TV
seems stunned by the news they could
hardly believe that a bloodthirsty
medieval theocracy would do something
like this really the Saudis
the same people who cut off the hands of
thieves and behead adulterers in public
parks the same regime that is currently
prosecuting one of the world's cruelest
wars in one of the world's poorest
countries Yemen you're telling me these
people murdered a political puppet
doesn't sound like the Saudis we know
come on of course they did it we knew
they did it their only concern was
getting caught now they have been caught
and they probably regret the whole thing
all of that makes sense none of it is
surprising what is confusing is the wave
of false posturing on display from our
own mindless ruling class because Yogi's
death they're telling us is now somehow
the most important story in the world
far more important than the many
political murders China commits each
year far more than Saudi Arabia or the
countless children the Saudis have
bombed and starved to death in Yemen
more than that they're telling us it's a
moral litmus test the latest in a long
series of moral litmus tests or
delivered to us by Fiat on cable news
support this don't support that
otherwise you're a bad person that's the
message of almost every show share my
beliefs or you are damned now in this
case it's a little confusing because
keep in mind these are the same people
the ones commanding you to hate the
Saudis who just months ago were
uncritically repeating saudi talking
points right from the embassy remember
when we bombed Syria last spring and
bombed it before the year before well
the Saudis pushed that everyone knew
that it might have been nice to hear
that on television we could have used
some media skepticism at the time but
now only this show pretty much brought
that up the rest of the press loved it
they loved all wars the more distant and
the more pointless the better okay
but spare us the theatrics now so he's
right about a lot of things in that I
agree with probably 90% of what he's
saying and he ends to which he's using
it our this is another reason to hate
liberals this is an internal
conversation in the United States and
the conclusion should be to roll your
eyes at anybody who expresses any
commitment to humanitarian concerns you
see how he flips
that if he said these people are full of
 they are concerned about this
horrific incident but they have nothing
to say about the structure of us-saudi
relations which are the way they are
because of oil companies because of the
way we've designed our economy they have
nothing to say about well he didn't
actually say it's not just a Saudi war
in Yemen it's our war in Yemen and if
you want and in fact they are right in a
limited sense that having an ally have a
u.s. resident go into an embassy and
murder him there
that's actually pretty unusual and that
is the type of thing that if it goes
unchecked means that the next range of
things that were unacceptable escalate
and that is actually where I'm sorry to
say liberals are right that actually
leads to the type of thing where maybe
the Chinese do start doing that type of
thing maybe it leads back to like in the
70s when the Chilean dissident was blown
up in DC with kissinger's knowledge as
far as I understand
maybe that becomes more of a regular
thing so that's why it matters in and of
itself but the point is is that he'll
take a lot of points that are absolutely
correct but he will zero in on a
generalized heat of elites and D
legitimize the whole thing which is hey
you know what let's do something about
Yemen let's do something about Saudi
relationships and by the way if you want
to do something about Saudi
relationships the other thing that's a
major factor here is the amount of Saudi
money parked in New York real estate and
in Silicon Valley and probably Alon must
company pretty soon as well and that's
when you get to the real structure of
hypocrisy and elites and capitalism
which is that when money's at stake
nobody gives a
and that is something that Tucker
Carlson will not have much to say about
because he doesn't have a redistributive
agenda he has a exploit your grievances
agenda yeah and he only he's only
talking about this now because it's it's
useful to fascism right right like we we
I was looking for previous times he's
talked about Yemen and it's only ever in
the context to defend like defend a
solid base right right right
I'll use it to defend another fascist
yeah not to say that what's happening in
Yemen and Syria which implicates if you
include those countries basically every
major regional and every major global
power in crimes against humanity yeah
this is why leftists are more effective
at countering the far-right a lot of the
time because yes we can agree about
liberal hypocrisy and we can agree about
like some of the some of his analysis of
political economy was correct it was
stuff that I think it's true when he was
arguing with shank and shank did not
have a critique of capitalism in the
other direction so it was kind of hard
for him to counter that like I don't
believe for a second that Tucker Carlson
actually cares about the average
American worker but he was right when he
brought up the fact that bosses can use
undocumented workers to break unions and
drive down wages now his conclusion from
that is that we need to have this
genocide all degree of enforcement at
the border and basically keep them out
but no like the leftist conclusion from
that is we need to incorporate these
workers into an organized
internationalist labor movement as we
have done I mean not me but as organizer
his organizers have done with success
throughout American history like Cesar
Chavez was not right about this and that
was another fact he brought up there was
correct labor organizer Cesar Chavez was
very opposed to illegal immigration and
in some cases even legal immigration and
it wasn't on the grounds of racism
because Cesar Chavez was
mexican-american it was on the grounds
that it would weaken unions but then
other organizers were like no way we're
all workers we're all it's it's the
the hood of men we're gonna bring these
folks into our movement and in the end
that strengthened the labor movement so
these are these are things that I want
people to have a grasp of when they're
dealing with these slippery right-wing
ghouls definitely let's run through more
of these clips this is a with regards to
Jamal khashoggi because I do want to
sort of keep running through this story
the new information that's been released
a president air Diwan is promising that
within 48 hours he's gonna release all
information which they've been dripping
out gradually to sort of perfectly pin
the Saudis over the last week or so
little or almost two weeks at this point
the most bizarre thing now is actually
the footage of a body double apparently
one of the members of this hit squad
walked out with fake facial hair and
Jamal cushaw he's closed and walked
around Istanbul going to different
tourism sites and the Saudis evolving
reasons it went from first he was
accidentally killed and now if sapere as
if they that there was just this team
that hit him in embassy but of course
with no senior oversight or approval
which just defies imagination this is an
al jazeera clip it begins with a clip
with the Saudi foreign minister whose
first interview was granted to Fox News
just interesting we heard in regards to
this conversation I wonder why that
might be and then there's a little bit
of context around it in terms of some of
the reporting we have on this of the
operation there weren't people closely
tied to him were involved in this
operation there were pictures of some
security officers who may have been part
of the security detail from time to time
but this is normal security people who
deal in security details rotate among
different officials both domestic and
foreign so having somebody in a picture
does not imply that they're closed at
all the conference has denied the
circumference is not aware of this even
the senior leadership of our
intelligence service was not aware of
this this was an operation that was a
raishin that doesn't explain however why
this man Mohammed rib reportedly made
four phone calls to bin Salman personal
secretary during the time that Hazuki
was being killed and if as Joubert says
the senior leadership of Saudis
intelligence service was unaware why
then has a medina city its deputy had
been fired by Royal Decree questions to
as to why send an autopsy expert if the
plan was yes there's a lot of questions
about this and of course what they did
the crime it's a perfect crime I want to
do either random guy did it did it
let's just go right to because I'll put
more context to this Middle East policy
is being shaped in no small degree by a
crown prince of Abu Dhabi who is very
far to the right and Mohammed been
someone's mentor there's a big Emirati
dimension to where Saudi Arabia is going
and in fact if were real that will mean
no improvements in any type of regional
or domestic rights writ broadly but it
will mean a much more progressive
socially open atmosphere which would be
better for most Saudi people no
undoubtedly being an Abu Dhabi or Dubai
is a much more pleasant experience if
you're a citizen not if you're an
indentured servant in either place by
the way but Salman and then Jared
Kushner I mean these are people two of
them are in their 30s these are vicious
trust fund babies remaking the Middle
East and there has been nothing in
Mohammed bent someone's life that would
indicate that he couldn't get away with
ordering something like this this is
Jared Kushner talking about it he's
speaking with Van Jones at the citizens
forum
what kind of advice have you given NBS
in this whole situation just to be
transparent to be fully transparent that
what the world is watching this is a
very very serious accusation in a very
serious situation too
to make sure your your transparent and
to and to take this very seriously how
do you respond that how did he respond
to that counsel will see I mean I I know
that the Secretary of State had some
good meetings over there and and and
we'll see there is absolutely no Rio
there's no reason to think that he did
not see why he could not get away with
this entirely this guy has been praised
and feted by everybody from Thomas
Friedman to the rock and I have to say I
hope people can follow this things like
getting rid of the ban on women drivers
in Saudi Arabia is a very positive thing
and Saudi Arabia is still a country of
gender apartheid but part of the Western
press coverage of this guy reflected a
very narrow focus on certain hot-button
liberal issues that we get focused on we
think a lot about what women are wearing
or not wearing in Saudi Arabia we think
a lot about these driving issues now
they're important issues but if you talk
to the women who have been imprisoned
who are citizen activists not only on
driving but on a whole slew of issues to
actually become equal or significantly
more equal citizens and a gender
apartheid state and they've been
imprisoned because specifically when
Muhammad been someone released the
decree the frame was this is a gift from
the prince
this is not a response to your pressure
this is a gift from the ruler and when
noir O'Donnell and all of these people
went over there it's all oh my god did
you hear what he said about the abayas
and cars and some of it was very unusual
stuff to hear from a Saudi leader
there's no doubt and making religious
police not able to arrest people and
letting women drive are big significant
social reforms they're great but they're
in the package of a young vicious
dictator consolidating power over his
family and we're sitting here just going
you know
oh my god they're not wearing those
burkas we hate anymore
so there was this very narcissistic
narrow frame that we ignored people that
are actually activists in Saudi Arabia
who are being crushed by this guy and he
could play up to a global audience and
consolidate his power on a couple of
important but but non structural issues
and you know and it really took
literally getting a hit squad to abduct
a u.s. resident journalist and
cut his body apart while he was still
alive for people to understand that
maybe this kid isn't nice and the
reporting was there okay like this was
not coming from nowhere in any way shape
or form
shrill burner the discourse lover on
Twitter who does the agent Napoleon
podcast at a tweet I liked or something
to the effect of if there's not a lot of
sort of values from the founding
generation that you want to see revived
but a knee-jerk distaste for aristocracy
and monarchy is definitely yes no
that's a great no you actually do read
the founders they're they're pretty good
on that they're not impressed it's like
our current aristocrat is seemed to be
yeah there were certainly some good
things about the Enlightenment values
that brought us this nation and brought
us from feudalism to capitalism where we
do have more freedom then people had
under feudalism it's just a question now
of oh we could probably have a lot more
freedom and our freedoms been rolled
back since what we might call the Golden
Age of capitalism definitely chomp sorry
for some of us like I mean some of this
right yeah right the surf domes and
slavery's and stuff it was I mean it's
funny it was Richard Wolff was saying
he's like we're done
like capitalism is over we don't and it
could get much worse but like we're done
it was interesting was interesting
reading it seems to be transitioning
into some sort of neo feudalist
hierarchy emerged between Amazon and
trading horrifying yeah and it's pretty
horrifying Chomsky all this recent Saudi
outrage is just triangle ISM on a
slightly higher level where was the USA
when Saudi was brought bombing M&I
children yeah we've we've pointed this
out yep and also I mean look and and
again just to add one other thing
anybody who uses this to undermine how
disgusting what happened was is just
morally sick and Jamal khashoggi like he
doesn't need to be a hero or a pure
being for this to be absolutely wrong
and in some ways what the point of this
is it's what makes it so gangster in
like a very literal sense of the word is
that he wasn't a dissident he wasn't he
was a guy who wanted a more sensible he
supported those reforms but he didn't
want it in the context of a preening
vicious Prince and he had relationships
and support with rival members of the
Saudi monarchy so he was nobody who was
quite he never talked about getting rid
of the House of Saud and he was close to
the House of Saud and that underlines
even that much more how brazen this
is yeah hence this widespread outrage
because it's not like in some sort of
dissident his relationship to power
there was the relationship a lot of our
journalists have to our power structures
right
