you know I'm curious too as you as you
went around you spoke to different you
know I guess facets of of law
enforcement the law enforcement
professionals but also members of the
community folks who have been the
subjects of police violence and and I
guess you know elected officials and
whatnot I mean what from your
perspective what where are the big
differences in attitudes and
perspectives on what you do I mean as
you as you sort of like where is those
where are those perspectives that might
be most surprising I think one of the
things is that I don't think the public
understands how like when police
departments recruit and they bring in
officers and they hire officers and they
go this rigorous process many times the
officers have had no no access or
exposure to communities of color or
communities who don't look like them so
that's a hurdle that you have to
overcome but you can overcome that by
understanding you know what your own
internal biases are your own experiences
communities assume that people are
prepared to deal with them and then from
the from the other side of perspective
communities don't understand that you
know in all my years of work and I never
worked with anyone and I've worked with
some racist people but I've never worked
with anyone who came to work with the
idea I'm gonna go out there and I'm
gonna kill someone today and you know
I've never been around anyone that I
felt that was the case with the other
thing communities keep asking us
repeatedly and I got asked this question
throughout the process
why can't officer shoot people in the
lake why can't they shoot to injure you
know and the standard answer for us is
always the same we shoot to diminish the
threat and the way we do that is by
shooting center mass and that's the way
we train and that's the way we perform
under stress so as I told people in the
past if we shoot you in the leg it's
probably going to be a mistake
because that's not what we're trained to
do at the end of the day so there needs
to be some understanding on your
community's part they need they need to
be more understanding compassion one law
enforcement's part I mean is that is
that type of training does that make
sense
oh absolutely made sense I mean someone
who's been out there and involved you
got to know when you're in
when you're under fire and there's a
threat you need you need to stop that
threat as soon as you can the only way
to do that is to hit your target and you
know vital body areas and the largest
and the largest area of the body but
what if you're not under a fire I mean
right I mean that's the issue right
that's more the issue
like I mean we were we're not talking
you're not you're not going through
stories of a police officer under fire
you're going through stories of a police
officer who thinks that they may be
under fire in the future well now I that
but you go back to what we talked about
in the book is that boogeyman syndrome
thinking that everyone is against you
look at what happened in the Betty
Crocker shooting you have five officers
on the scene with Betty she'll be
shooting you have five officers officers
on the scene in Oklahoma
one officer far as the others don't one
officer thought in fear of her life the
other officers didn't and you know he
was removed and she was disciplined but
then when she was brought back so this
idea that when I'm in fear of my life I
can use I'm justified using force that's
what we are trained and that's what we
use and that's what we say when things
happen well I know I mean and I'm not I
mean like is that a problem with with
the training I mean is there is yeah I
mean you're trained to to shoot for the
largest body mass when you're under fire
but the definition of under fire you're
trained to perceive it as certainly or
you're allowed to experience it as a
very like loose experience I mean I well
what you're describing what you're
describing obviously many of those cases
the officers aren't under fire you know
in the Walter Scott case the officer
couldn't have been under fire in the
betty shelby case she couldn't have been
under fire in some of the other cases in
East Pittsburgh and the one in Baltimore
they weren't under fire so it's clearly
examples of excessive force we ought we
aren't taught how to use we aren't
caught to shoot people in the back we're
taught not to shoot people in the back
so some of these things that you see
happen not only are violation of policy
there against the law but but I mean is
that is is that a function are those
things happening because there isn't
proper training well I think it's a
combination of improper refresher
training but there's also it's a problem
with the individual officers and the way
they are conducting their jobs so okay
so how do we address that I mean if
they're if the training is not
necessarily problematic and there's just
a couple of there's you know there's
there's a certain I mean the the way
you're talking about it's almost like
there's a certain inevitability right
well I think it has to be addressed in
truck there has to be processes in place
and there are in many cases disciplinary
processes and like but what happens is
what happens is in our culture this is a
cultural issue and I'm gonna say
something to you to help you put this
perspective sometimes culture eats
strategy for lunch so we try to
implement these strategies and policies
and let me give you a for instance in
the Starbucks case in Philadelphia the
first thing the police chief did without
having all the Commissioner police did
without having all the information was
he came out and he backed the truth well
good leaders back their troops we all
know that but good leaders also get all
the good information before they go out
on national television get an answer in
this case he had to come back and
retract that statement when he had more
information and then he retracted it and
he said hey these officers weren't
acting within the scope of what we're
supposed to do
however Starbucks was the reason because
they called us there so it's a you know
becomes at a certain level policy issue
but then in at other levels it becomes
conduct accountability and behavior in
the book you you talk I think it was to
a retired New York police officer who
basically said like what we did back in
the day maybe it was even the 80s I
think we we would get we would get
thrown in jail for today right right I
mean what what changes I mean so in
other words like that cop I mean
presumably right cops are not doing
those same things they're doing some
things but they're not doing what that
cop was doing in the 80s what is the
difference it's not just internally
everybody got along you know and
together in the in the in the you know I
guess in the station house and said look
guys
this stuff we're gonna leave it in the
80s it's the 90s now or it's the odds we
can't do that anymore regulate was there
outside was there outside change that
changed that behavior
/ culture well I think there was outside
and internal I think there were external
forces like citizen review doors and
things like that in different
departments that brought in advanced
oversight and you know other eyes on
incidents there was a change in shift in
culture in organizations that sort of to
make a simple and say hey certain things
were unacceptable but we thought it was
very important in this book to make sure
we got the appropriate voices to tell
the truth because what happens is
there's a certain segment of society
doesn't believe that these sort of
things happen and then all of us that
work within the field understand and let
me give you an example in this case the
officer says very clearly and keep in
mind most police officers don't develop
their own crime-fighting strategies the
strategies are developed by police
leaders by politicians by mayor is by
citizen review boards in the way so in
this case with this story illustration
in the book and that he was told by a
superior who was told by a member of a
city council that they were going to do
a walkthrough at a certain time of the
day therefore they were told to make
sure that that corner was clear of
everyone any crimes and he drug-dealing
etc because they were told to make sure
that that corner was clear the tacit
greenlight was given that by all means
make sure no one is on that corner so
the question comes the first question is
why aren't we doing that why aren't we
doing something effective every day not
just for the City Council and secondly
is it okay to empty the corner at all
cost
in this case apparently it was so the
officer was very candid with us in
telling us how they proceeded to do that
and that's an example of bad policing
most people would agree with you that I
know that that would be unacceptable in
today's environment and for good reason
well what's your perspective on black
lives matter I mean insofar as the the
awareness that it is created in terms of
the way black people are policed
right well I think that they have and
had their place and continue to have
their place raising the awareness I mean
they they essentially did what civil
rights leaders did in the 1960s and they
raised the awareness by using cell
phones and Technology and social media
to ensure that the entire world knew
what was happening here in the United
States and different places they
exploited the idea of what I call
Coptics the optics of policing in the
digital age they explored they exploited
this idea that what happens in Miami can
now happen in New York and of you know
in a nanosecond the viral videos and
social media so they did that
I think we're things went awry was when
police decided that you know we were
under attack
well we're under attack because
everybody's videoing what they're seeing
and it's not all of us it's some of us
thus creating this whole movement with
blue lives matter and you know those
sorts of things now in the book we talk
a lot about if you really read it if you
really absorb and you really pay
attention to history and data right
every everything that we see it
experiences Society will tell you that
black lives don't matter so I think to
have the discussion about black lives
matter and blue lives matter and white
lives matter listen at the end of the
day all lives should matter but all
lives have it mattered and that was part
of the reason why we decided to write
the book and explore this issue what is
your sense about how I mean the there
was I don't know if you're familiar with
Chris Hayes wrote a book about the
colony a colony in a nation and his
thesis was that we have two really two
large modes of policing in this country
one is the sort of the protect and serve
and that one is reserved you know not
exclusively for white people but
certainly for white people and people
living you know in not living in poverty
let's say whereas people living in
poverty and largely we talk about
minority folk living primarily in urban
centers there's a different form of
policing which is more about control
what give me your sense of your
perspective on something like that well
I mean I think it's clear that you know
the social issues are very different in
different social economic environments
that's very clear but also knowing and
having done police policing I understand
from the ground level that the
expectation is different in different
communities and people have a very real
right to be upset
that when you ask white people in
America what do you think about your
police and what's your opinion and
people say our police are great they
protect and serve they come when we call
them they're courteous they're going to
our children they speak to them in
playgrounds and then when you talk to
people in some urban areas you say
what's your experience and you say we
don't understand why police call us
names or swear at us or yell at us you
know even even good people right so
there is a difference in perspective one
how policing is being being done in
different areas you know in the book we
talk to Chicago commander and she says
you know when she used to go out as a
supervisor the citizens will come up to
her and say we don't understand why your
officers call us this or call us that so
I think in in working all these years in
the profession we know and I know and
people are candid they will tell you
that certain behaviors are not tolerated
in certain communities so then it goes
back to as a community sort of demanding
and asking for the way you want to be
police so we talked about that in the
book as well one of the I mean one of
the things that I've heard is that part
of the reason why the police continued
and there's there's there's behavior
that is you know poor policing but then
it's you know like you say it's in many
respects there's a there's a culture
where you you will protect the your
fellow police officers even in those
instances to what extent they like local
DA's I have a role in impacting the
culture of in a given police force sure
I think that um you know you they go for
one sec
working with people just like I have day
in and day out long hours interviews
investigating crime infected you know
investigating victims of crime and
perpetrator clients so one day and seven
days they're doing that and then you
turn around and they're forced to have
no investigate someone who they worked
with or someone who knows who they work
with so it's a very difficult thing to
do but at the end of the day what most
people that I know will tell you is that
once the penalties for protecting people
who do wrong become greater than the
allegiances to the people who do wrong
that once they become greater then
you'll start to see things change and
even from the d.a perspective when they
have to arrest a cop because of
something they've done whether it's use
of force or relying on a report or
something like that it sends a rippling
message throughout the organization and
it's generally not a good message but it
sends a message nonetheless that perhaps
if you considering these behaviors this
might happen to you as well so I think
the DA's and the attorneys in the US
Attorney's they play a role and they
should play and where where appropriate
they should play a very strong role do
we need more community independent
independent community review boards
because of that that dilemma that you
have you know DA's have the ability
prosecutors have the ability to to to
provide accountability but there's a lot
of disincentive to do so I mean you know
similar to you with your colleagues or a
cop with their colleagues I mean do we
need more of those community review
boards well I think you need I think
community review boards are great the
right people with the right credentials
on them but also in some cases where
things are extremely sensitive you need
sort of like an independent prosecutor
just like you would for any major
federal investigation where there's a
conflict of interest if there's a
conflict of interest you bring in
another person to handle it that doesn't
because that's the same conflict and
it's really it's really a simple
solution but it has to be one that
people are willing to embark upon
