cedar on the majority report on the
phone it is a pleasure to welcome to the
program Gerald Horne he is the Moores
professorship of history and
african-american studies at the
University of Houston and author of I
believe nearly 30 books but the latest
is the apocalypse of settler colonialism
the roots of slavery white supremacy and
capitalism in 17th century North America
and Caribbean welcome to the program
Gerald thank you for inviting me so I
mean let's start here with the the the
way that you start your book and I
should say that your some of your books
your most recent ones at least are sort
of working your way backwards through
history and this one starts at 16 about
1600 obvious in the 17th century and
moves forward and and a big part of what
takes place and where the roots of of
slavery white supremacy and capitalism
in this century come from our a function
of what happens to Great Britain during
this time well you are correct
particularly concerning working my way
back through history right now I'm going
to work on a book on the 1500s the
sixteenth century and as I dig deeper
into the past I come to realize that the
roots of slavery of white supremacy and
capitalism are quite elusive but in any
case with regard to the book at hand I
start the book by saying that in the
early 1600s England was a minor power on
the fringes of Europe by the end of the
1600s England soon to become Great
Britain was well on its way to becoming
the planets reigning superpower and then
passed on the baton in a sense to
Spahn now known as the United States of
America which is carried that hegemony
into the 21st century although as you
know there are some question as to
whether or not it will survive the 21st
century in any case the answer that I
put forward in terms of how this
transformation took place in the sixteen
hundreds can be reduced to one word and
that is slavery that is to say that to
telescope a complicated set of facts
rather tightly what happens in 1655 is
that England seizes Jamaica from Spain
and this is first of all a knockout blow
to Spain which had a first mover's
advantage because recall that in 1492
Madrid had sponsored Christopher
Columbus's trip to what is order we will
now call the Americas and as a direct
result you have tens of millions
hundreds of millions of people still
speaking Spanish in the Americas to this
very day but what happens in 1655 with
Spain elster from Jamaica is that this
blow is delivered to the pretensions of
Spain at the same time it boosts England
because what happens is that England
then moves rather aggressively to
develop sugar plantations on the island
of Jamaica this leads to the so called
sugar boom and sugar becomes wildly
popular it is not only used to sweeten
tea and coffee but it's seen by some as
a miracle drug seen by others as a
marker of sophistication and this sends
currency and money flowing into the
coffers of London which then is used to
build more ships which are then used for
example to oust the Dutch another rising
power delivered a knockout blow by
England the Dutch are Elstad from what
is now New York City and what are now a
number of the mid-atlantic states of the
United States in 1664 sending it
tumbling down the ladder of leadership
globally and this leads to even more
wealth pouring into the coffers
of England and some of this wealth is
used to ensnare and enchain more
Africans to grow more sugar and by 1672
the Royal African company is organised
and the rural African company is of
course under the thumb of the monarch
and it's used to ensnare and enchain
more Africans developing more wealth for
England and then in 1683 you have
another knockout blow delivered against
a competitor and a challenger to England
I'm speaking of the fact that in 1683
the Ottoman Turks are stopped at the
gates of Vienna and I'm coming to
discover with regard to my project I'm
working one now that the Ottoman Turks
or a major force from the safe 1300s up
until about 1683 but they go tumbling
down the ladder of leadership globally
which gives a further boost to England
and then in 1688 the rising merchants in
England then deliver a kind of knockout
blow to the monarch that is to say they
clip the wings of the monarch by dint of
what we called the Glorious Revolution
which turned the monarch into what Queen
Queen Elizabeth is today in London a
kind of figurehead and empowering the
rising merchants who then move to
deregulate the African slave trade
that is to say allowing more merchants
to enter this noxious business and they
descend upon Africa with the maniacal
energy of crazed bees manically and
handcuffing Africa it's light delivering
them not only to the Caribbean but the
North American mainland and thereby you
see how England becomes a major power by
the end of the 1600s so okay so that
that is uh that's a lot of history very
quickly but all right so let's go back a
little bit and look at the way that this
period and I guess maybe the the
subsequent period of the the founding of
the United States but also the
the the period that leads up to it on
some level there are multiple
perspectives of this right I mean we can
look at what we call now the United
States of America is sort of a a refuge
for for certain you know so-called white
people coming from Europe we can see it
as from the other perspective of Britain
using these people to expand their power
and then of course from the perspective
of the indigenous people and those
people ultimately came to be almost the
the fuel via their their actual bodies
of this expansion and that is the part
of the apocalypse I mean I feel like
living in the United States having grown
up here that I got a good sense of it as
a you know a good sense of the pioneer
myth let's talk about how much we hear
about the other part of that the
apocalypse part well the apocalypse in
many ways is what happens to the
indigenous population who are not only
liquidated and wiped out and Elstad from
their land but many of them have been
sold into slavery sold into slavery and
the Caribbean sold into the slave
markets of the Ottoman Turks in fact you
can probably find Native American DNA
scattered throughout this small planet
and then there's the apocalypse that
befalls Africa and the African
populations the millions who died on the
so called Middle Passage that is to say
oftentimes tossed into the waters to be
fed upon by sharks as the boats are
crossing the Atlantic and a period
stretching from about 1500 to the late
1880s when Brazil abolishes slavery and
then of course there's the point that
you also mentioned
which is a part of my book which is a
construction of whiteness that is to say
that
England's population today is only about
65 million and yet it was seeking to
preside over the sprawling Empire that
came to include India a contemporary
population of 1.3 billion
not to mention North America including
what is now the United States and Canada
Caribbean islands came to include a good
deal of Africa and whiteness as I tell
the story is a sort of constructive
intervention a skew see it's an
intervention that is constructed excuse
me to deal with the fact that England
London required a goodly number of
soldiers and settlers that the England
itself could not provide not only that
but the construction of whiteness also
helped to resolve certain tensions in
England in my 1,500 books I'm dealing
with all of this conflict between not
only the English and the Irish which
continues to this very day but English
in the Scots I mean the Scots at least a
leadership so in some ways they consider
themselves closer to France anyways long
term and long time antagonist than they
did from the London but by crossing the
Atlantic you saw a kind of
reconciliation between and amongst these
settlers of English and Irish and
Scottish background under the new
identity politics that we call whiteness
which was involved in subjugating and
subduing a continent and generating
tremendous wealth as I said a few
moments ago and then ultimately that
platform and rubric of whiteness was
extended I would say to the entire
European continent and in fact not only
the European continent from the Atlantic
to the Urals we're but those who have
been warring on the shores of Europe
British versus German German versus
Russian German versus pole Russian
versus pole serve versus correct Greek
versus Macedonian northern Italian
versus southern Italian magically when
they cross the Atlantic somehow they
become quote white unquote and also
reconciled
religious tensions and contradictions
too in my fifteen hundred's book I'm
dealing quite a bit with the Protestant
versus Catholic conflict which I deal
with also in the sixteen hundreds book
but there's a kind of reconciliation
between a monk not only Protestants and
Catholics but also between Christians
and the Jewish population to a certain
degree to because the Jewish population
ultimately are incorporated into this
broader category of whiteness as well
and in fact if you look closely you'll
see that as I say in a footnote it's
sort of a misnomer which I confess to
equate whiteness with European since you
have folks who are defined as white in
united states such as Ralph Nader who
are of Lebanese descent and of course
there are those some sociologists have
argued that or a Virani and descent that
are constructed as white in the United
States so this is a very flexible
elastic concept it was quite essential
to the construction of the United States
of America and it was quite essential to
the rise of England in the 1600 so I I
have a couple of questions regarding
that one is how elastic has that been
through the history of the United States
because there III mean what you're
describing is this sort of Imperial
overreach by London therefore we need
more people like us in some ways to
subjugate the people the other and you
know we have some bonds that we can
overcome and we're just going to call
them you know we have we have bonds that
are distinct at least in terms of our
way of life that we're just going to
refer to as white but it seems like you
know then the later you get into
American history when indigenous people
are not as much of a of an issue to the
expansion of the American project that
some of that creeps comes creeping back
in right like when Italian immigrants or
Irish immigrants come to the states and
maybe the late 1800s or the 1900s early
1900s there is there they're authorized
maybe more than they would have two
hundred years earlier oh definitely
absolutely I mean the construction of
whiteness is a process it can be seen
more as a film loop than a photograph it
works itself out over decades if not
centuries I mean there were torching of
Catholic convents in the US Northeast as
latest 1820s and 1830s we're all
familiar with the sordid history of
anti-semitism in the United States
including say the lynching of Leo Frank
the Jewish businessman in Georgia in the
World War one ERA approximately a
century ago uh we're all familiar with
the stories about Irish need not apply
for example that often greeted some
immigrants and of course some of you
some of your listeners might have seen
the movie Gangs of New York Martin
Scorsese film which deals with the
difficult integration of Irish
immigrants into the fabric of New York
City in the antebellum era and in the
u.s. civil war but once again this is a
process and today as we all know in the
United States of America in the u.s.
ruling elite you have represented the
various European ethnic groups whose
ancestors once facing discrimination
including Jewish Americans and the US
Senate US corporate Chiefs of Irish
descent US corporate Chiefs of Scottish
descent US corporate Chiefs of Italian
descent so once again this is a process
does it float but is it but does it can
it go both ways I mean through time I
mean I guess that's what I was asking is
that you know did was there a time when
we're talking about
in the 1600s where the need for more
people like the British versus the
indigenous populations or those people
that they have basically kidnapped into
slavery did that sort of drop some of
them maybe the prejudice they had
against Irishmen or Scottish and those
then got built up as they didn't need
them in the same way they did earlier
like I get the idea that things evolve
through time where people are more
generally accepted but can it also flow
the other way depending on the need for
those people well and that raises an
intriguing question a provocative
question which causes me to dust off my
put on my Oracle cap inserts my cap is a
sphere and to figure out could it go
backwards in the 21st century that is to
say can the integration of all these
different European ethnic groups into a
larger fabric of lightness can that be
reversed and I would say yes now I'm
speculating of course but I would say
yes definitely that if it can go forward
to me it can go backwards and I think it
depends upon certain objective
conditions and to put my big toe in the
water of the present I would say that
given the rods right-wing populism in
the North Atlantic community not only in
the United States but now in Italy with
brexit and perhaps quickly this is a
Italy quitting the European Union next
there are some signs that I think people
would be silly not to pay attention to
that suggests that yes we can go
backwards
