is dave rubin at Oxford University in
London right or is this in Oxford
I think it's an Oxford yeah there you go
and speaking to some of those
hardscrabble folks in in Oxford and this
guy is a fan of Dave Rubens they're all
you know I don't know if they're all
fence but this guy's a fan of de Rubens
he's coming up and he says he wants to
ask Dave Rubin a challenging question
right and I know yesterday Michael
played the the Jordan Peterson clip with
the that civil-rights the yeah Jim
Jeffries where he's asked one of the
most fundamental questions you could ask
someone like Peterson as to you know
like a question that comes up in almost
every debate that I have with a
libertarian calls in and Jordan
Peterson's construct is basically
libertarian I mean I don't think he
perceives it as his arguments as being
economically founded but but the
construct is the same it is the the
world is fine as it is in the imposition
of government regulations to help people
who are disenfranchised or less well
situated then then me is oppressive to
me I mean that's basically his argument
right and and people like me and so here
is Dave Rubin being asked a question
from an ally but taking on a sort of
slightly contrarian for the sake of you
know devil's advocate and just like
Jordan Peterson who couldn't answer the
most basic fundamental question that you
would imagine since he's been
interviewed but you know a million times
by by Dave Rubin alone would have had to
have dress that question he couldn't do
it Dave Rubin does not seem to you know
maybe and I know people say he's just
not up to the intellectual challenge
here but this is not that challenging of
a question but he doesn't seem to even
know the slightest bit of what he's
talking about it is fascinating let's
listen to this question
and answer that's proper type of
progress isn't fast enough and so in
nowadays and the politics of kind of
getting things done and people vote for
people who can get that affirmative
action that changed on how would you
still kind of come back sorry come back
with your point about being local yeah
well the first thing I would do is I
hope some of you have seen this I would
send them to my video with Larry elder I
posit so the question is is that the guy
says and we get the the the question is
like you know do you think there's still
systemic racism and people want to vote
for people who would address that type
of systemic racism and basically you
know give them the material benefits
that they want do is I hope some of you
have seen this I would send them to my
video with Larry elder which I suspect
some of you guys have seen I I went this
is when I was still a lefty and I asked
Larry elder who happens to be black he's
a conservative I asked him about
systemic racism all right pause it for
one second let me just tell you Larry
elder is he's a right-wing talk radio
host out in California and I used to
listen Larry alder back when I worked in
LA you know for brief periods of time
and totally follows the the conservative
script I sat down Larry elder had an
opportunity to to meet him at the the
Democratic convention 2004 and I
remember you know and I took what I was
doing very seriously at the time I was
you know had been a comedian and a
director and a writer and I had just
taken the time off to to deal with the I
thought maybe I'd probably end this by a
November of 2004 we started in April and
I remember larry elder sat down with
Janeane Garofalo and i mean he's like
i'm we just sort of like we're like hi
we were off air how do you do this and
he's like come on guys we're off the
field and we're like what is that come
out we're off the field we don't you
know no need to have game faces on and
we were just like wait what like you you
think what you like you're just this is
just a job to you was that him how he
reacts generally or just because he
didn't want to get into it with you Mike
I don't know I
no but he was he was almost surprised
that we took it that seriously i'm like
larry elder doesn't take ideas seriously
maybe I don't know but uh but Dave
Rubens uh really touting this but so
let's hear what he's got to say
he basically beat me senseless I mean
it's a violent it is a violent video on
YouTube he beat me senseless with facts
systemic racism let me just talk about
America here so I'm not I'm not going to
talk about the U K here systemic racism
does not exist there are no laws in
America meaning the system doesn't mean
racism doesn't exist racism exists there
are people who are racist and you should
do everything you can to show them that
their ideas are wrong and that you
should not be judging someone based on
their race of course but the idea that
there is systemic racism meaning that
there are laws in place that treat black
people differently or Asian people
differently or white people differently
simply doesn't process okay now what
Dave is is is showing here is that he
doesn't know what the word systemic
racism mean I think it would be
virtually impossible to find anybody who
defines systemic racism as a function of
laws systemic racism means that society
is structured in such a way that
institutions behave in such a way that
they prevent people of certain races
from or they disadvantaged people from
certain races because of their race and
not just because of their race in that
moment because they are descendants of
people of a certain race because their
race has in some respects defined their
their circumstances now it doesn't mean
that they're they can't break out of it
doesn't mean that it is but but that
largely speaking the structures of
society the system works against them
not that there are laws he's just simply
either made that up or just so ignorant
about it I don't know or maybe just miss
remembers what larry elder told them or
maybe that's why he got beat out by
erielle during that interview we got a
concussion from me it was it it was it
just he wasn't that bright at the time
or something something happened but
let's continue only our white people
differently simply doesn't exist now
that doesn't mean that we can still do
better on certain things so for example
often black people will be incarcerated
longer for simple crimes that if a white
person committed won't be now that has
to do with more with socio-economic
reasoning which is why I would be for
treaty if you can get an economy that's
as free as possible you will have more
and more people regardless of the color
of their skin being able to partake in
an economy posit ok so if I'm to
understand him the reason why there are
more black people incarcerated can we
just go back and listen to this again
because he seems to be saying the reason
why there's more people uh black people
incarcerated is because of
socio-economic reasons and that if we
had an economy that included everyone
then they wouldn't be forced
he doesn't say they wouldn't be forced
to commit a crime but that's the
implication so and this is why this is
so difficult he at once is saying
there's no systemic racism but then he
says that the economy does not include
everybody ok and presumably those people
are the black people that he's talking
about who are disproportionately in jail
so he's both saying that there's more
people in jail black people in jail
because they they can't participate in
the economy sort of saying like that
that they're forced into getting
arrested for drug crimes at a higher
rate even though we all know white
people have as much if not more the
drugs then black people do he's ignoring
that aspect of it and then blaming on
the fact that black people can't
participate in the economy which
apparently to him is not a function of
systemic racism it's a function of
somehow I guess an economy that just
quits it out league left off the people
who have been historically
a racially oppressed in this country so
let's just go back and listen to this
because this is just this is the his
inability even to maintain his own
internal logic for the course of a
sentence and a half is almost artistic
but differently simply doesn't exist now
that doesn't mean that we can still do
better on certain things so for example
often black people will be incarcerated
longer for simple crimes that if a white
person committed won't be now that has
to do with more with socio-economic
reasoning which is why I how is it that
if black people are committing the same
crimes as white people but they're
incarcerated more how does that deal how
is that socioeconomic how is that not
systemic racism and even like what does
that mean its socioeconomic well he is
dumb and I don't want to ascribe any
kind of good analysis to him but yes if
you want to go back to the beginning the
creation of race and racism that arose
from capitalism and wanting to make
money off of human beings who were
enslaved but that's clearly not the
argument he's making no it's not I don't
know what it is he's making he maybe
he's arguing that because they can't
because that that black people don't
have the resources to get good lawyers
that get them off they turn to crime
it's it's that whole thing like as a
true libertarian I would think you would
say maybe hey are the are we policing
these groups of people more vigilantly
than other groups of people for instance
that might explain what that would be
systemic racism wouldn't it that would
be yeah I mean he but the thing is he
concedes that that black people are not
treated equally by the justice system in
the first sentence and that he says but
it's socio-economic reasons which it's
almost impossible to know what he means
by that except for the only explanation
later is that there are people who are
systemically kept out of the economy
which would also be an instructive of
systemic evidence of a systemic racism
the problem with our economy is it's not
libertarian enough right now or treat
you if you can get an economy that's as
free as possible you will have more and
more people
guard list of the color of their skin
being able to partake in an economy but
you know it's so funny because this is
where the Democrats have sort of owned a
lot of the minority communities and I
think Candace Owens and Kanye believe it
or not are are the leaders out I mean I
really think they are but if you think
about this if there anything about the
worst places in the United States for
black people to live in terms of
economics in terms of shootings its
Chicago its Ferguson its Atlanta its
these places that have been run by
Democrats almost exclusively for 80
years yet the Democrats keep saying
we're for black people so it's sort of
like saying I'm a progressive I'm for
progressive it sounds good well I'm for
black people every one's for but and
unless you're a true racist you're for
black people the same way you should be
for everybody else
so they've tricked you into thinking I
mean Chicago I would guess someone
should check the numbers on this but I'm
gonna guess about 50 to 80 people black
people were shot in Chicago this past
weekend weekend
you never hear a deposit now for a
second so here he is this is the guy who
decries making everything political
right here he is trying to explain that
there's no systemic racism but somehow
because Democrats have controlled
certainly not Ferguson but in Chicago
and I don't know for how many years it's
been Atlanta there's certain attributes
I think I associate with Georgia that
may also indicate why there might be
some long term problems there but that
somehow that is indicative of why
there's no systemic racism because those
cities which have been controlled Lee
says by Democrats nominally speaking but
proves there's no systemic racism
well affirmative action is the guy who
asked the question mentioned in his
question so much asked Dave Rubin if he
considers that structural racism that if
the actual I think that British guy was
not using affirmative action in the way
that we use yeah I think he was just
saying like actual action that is
proactive in some way but wait is there
more to this one yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah this is this is great now okay so
so he goes through the sort of the tired
analysis of Chicago you know is not
there's a lot of murders in Chicago
therefore there's no systemic racism
because that's controlled by Democrats
which of course makes absolutely no
Democrats have sold out working-class
people of all different races that's not
because they weren't neoliberal enough
right
exactly black on black crime well if the
Democrats are so good at fixing these
problems why is it that in their cities
it's always always the worst and it's
because they create these incentives
that are actually disincentives and if
you give people things it becomes very
hard to not want those things anymore
and and I can give you I know that antic
gödel stuff isn't isn't always the best
way but I can give you one posit first
of all it's not antidotal
but whatever I misspeak to so now he's
moved to trying to prove that the
problem with a city like Chicago
controlled by Democrats is that the
reason why things haven't why there's
such a high murder rate in Chicago is
because people when they get things they
don't want to give up these things right
now so like the idea is that there's
been such goodies for black people in
Chicago to protect the Obama phones that
they but there is a high murder rate but
let's see where he's going because you
know anecdotes aren't necessarily as
good as data but sometimes they can they
can they can some qualitative texture
yeah oh that antic gödel stuff isn't
isn't always the best way but I can give
you one very good example my sister
lives on the Upper West Side of New York
City it's a nice area she pays a ton to
live in a nice area with the doorman
building in New York City
a good portion of her building I think
it might be fifty percent is rent
subsidized meaning that they're keeping
rents low for certain people let me let
me explain this to get certain zoning
variances buildings in this city
sometimes and I imagine it she's in one
of these Westside like Far West Side
buildings on the Upper West Side right
you know the Trump building very
possibly
to get the zoning variances you're
required to have some apartments in
these buildings it's usually not 50% but
whatever let's call it 50 percent
usually like 20 or 30 percent whatever
that are that are rent stabilized so
that people who are either living in
well it's not really I wouldn't say
living in poverty but I would say
lower-income people
relative to New York City have the
opportunity to live in the building
because you we don't want to drive too
many people out but go back a little bit
because it is you have to have earn you
have to earn a maximum amount right like
if I earn a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars a year I'm not eligible for this
one-bedroom apartment because my income
is too high that is it Dave perceives
that there's something else going on
with what why you have these rent
stabilized listen carefully see if you
can pick this up on the Upper West Side
of New York City it's it's a nice area
she pays a ton to live in a nice area
with the doorman building in New York
City a good portion of her building I
think it might be 50 percent is rent
subsidized meaning that they're keeping
rents low for certain people of certain
ethnicities to live there so was very
nice they're not keeping the money the
rents low for certain ethnicities this
is wholly made up in his mind okay he
has completely made up the idea that
there's now by ethnicities I'm gonna be
generous and he means the Italians the
Polish the Greeks right certain
ethnicities that's why the rent is kept
low so here's a guy who's arguing
there's no systemic racism and can't
even get through this conversation
without saying that they keep the rents
low for blacks or Puerto Ricans well he
means there's no systemic racism against
people of color come on now that's okay
so you can do
rents low for certain people of certain
ethnicities
to live there to live in a very nice
area in a very nice building now imagine
if that was you for a minute and the guy
next to you was paying $3,000 to live in
the apartment and you are paying $400
would you ever not want that to be you
you wouldn't it's just the truth you
wouldn't and then it gives you a
disincentive to make more money because
once you make more money they're gonna
take away your benefit wait we're gonna
keep going right Oh does it where they
says he's gonna move so here he is
saying that the problem with Chicago is
the the that they're getting a benefit
that they're getting to live in a nicer
place than they can afford because it's
being subsidized by the state now he
could argue I don't want to do that
money but he's saying it's like creating
a disincentive for you to make more
money and then look where he goes with
what this ultimately leads to in terms
of this disincentive right here it is he
goes he says this is gonna be a problem
with lengthy black on black crime well
if the Democrats go a little to go a
little forward and so he's saying now
that there's a disincentive for you to
make more money I don't know what how
this leads to the fact that there's not
systemic racism I don't know how we got
from is there systemic racism in this
country - my sister is oppressed because
someone in her building is not paying
$3,000 a month for the for an apartment
well he believes in systemic racism
against white people I think exactly in
New York City a good portion of her
building I think it might be 50% is rent
subsidized meaning that they're keeping
rents low for certain people of certain
ethnicities to live there to live in a
very nice area in a very nice building
now imagine if that was you for a minute
and then the guy next to you was paying
$3,000 to live in the apartment and you
are paying $400
would you ever not want that to be you
you wouldn't it's just the truth you
wouldn't and then it gives you a
disincentive to make more money because
once you make more money they're gonna
take away your benefit and then what are
you gonna have to do you're gonna have
to leave your nice area and you're gonna
have to move 100 blocks north if not out
of the city altogether so
now he's arguing that the the the the
rent stabilization should not exist for
these people because if they make more
money just a little bit they're gonna
lose their thing and they're gonna have
to move out of New York City which is a
horrible fate apparently so he's
basically saying like like only rich
people should be able to live in New
York City and people aren't gonna want
to make more money but if that's the
case then why is his sister why doesn't
his sister just say I'm gonna make less
money so I get the cheaper apartment
because his sister might also want to go
out to dinner and his sister might have
