[Music]
the phone it is a pleasure to welcome
back to the program the proprietor of
empty wheel dotnet journalist and author
Marcy wheeler Marcy welcome back to the
program oh it could be on I don't know
if you caught that but our super
producer Matt lek was playing The
Decemberists Valerie Plame song and I
was I just wanted to note that the
special special bonus for format this
week
on that choice alright so Marcy so I
asked you two to come on a couple of
weeks ago and you know two we had
scheduled around this date and to
discuss where we're at in the the Russia
investigation with you know the the new
developments in terms of Michael Cohen
and and and other developments since
that time you had a piece that that you
posted at empty wheeled net that was
news in and of itself so so let's let's
start yes exactly and I was I was like
oh this is great I think we she's coming
on next week all right well so this is
and let me just preface with this and I
don't want to embarrass you but I do
want to say that I consider you to have
impeccable credentials to particularly
to discuss this topic of the Russia
investigation and whatnot because there
is there's a lot of partisanship there's
a lot of different agendas that are
crosscurrents here and I really honestly
I feel like I
I am so convinced of your integrity on
these issues that when you take this
stuff seriously
I take it seriously I mean I really do
think that my one skill is to assess you
know people who I can trust
then regurgitate what they say and
you're one of those people and so I want
to just put that out there I don't mean
to embarrass you but by saying that but
and and I'm quite convinced that anybody
doing any type of national security work
as a reporter or an investigator is
reading you on a daily basis so with
that said on July 3rd you put a post up
putting a face mine to the risks posed
by the GOP games on the mower
investigation and you wrote that some
time last year I believe you were being
deliberately vague about this you went
to the FBI and provided information on a
person who you came to believe played a
significant role in the Russian election
attack on the US alright so before we go
any further with that specific thing
just give us your sense of the severity
and the implications when you say the
Russian a election attack what what what
do you think what tell us what that
encompasses um can I plead the fifth on
that part I mean I think if I say too
much then it's gonna make some things
that I'm not that I have told the
special counsels office I was not going
to confirm so okay I I think well let's
lay that down as a marker if there's
anything I asked you that you feel you
know it compromises you or the
investigation anyway
don't answer but broadly so that is
something that i specifically i mean
when i when i so i reached out to
special counsels office before i did
that post and i said you know i'm not
going to confirm or deny role identity
blah blah blah and and so that's why i'm
not going to answer the question I will
just say that I think the events of 2016
are broader than are generally
understood so and I'll leave it at that
can I ask you or let me ask you this you
don't have to answer and we'll just
leave that as the as the ground rolls
here is this a situation where the
the as you call it the election attack
may have impacted the outcome or is that
as as relevant as me saying officer I
fired the gun and I missed them so you
can't charge me with anything I mean
what where does it fall in that spectrum
nothing I know changes the public
understanding that the intelligence
community and has no proof that that the
Russian interference changed say about
calories or anything okay but and and
and when we say that there is public
evidence of an election attack just
summarize that for us um I mean you know
the the thing that people focus on is
that Hillary Clinton
the DNC sorry the DNC John Podesta the
d-trip all got hacked by Russians and
that information was publicly released
so that's that's you know and and that
the Russians were attempting to work
kind of testing there's no evidence they
actually did anything but they were
testing their ability to get into voter
registration voter registration rolls
and also some voter tabulating vendors
and had they chosen to and had the
government not responded in advance they
could have chiming for that the closest
case that I can make there are two
closest cases that I can make that show
that Russian tampering had influence one
is that the Russian persona
Lucifer 2.0 leaked a bunch of
information to Florida Republicans and
that information was opera research
basically on on it was the Democrats
Oppo research on the Republicans and I
think that that probably was helpful for
the Florida Republicans in running
congressional races against Democrats so
that is one tangible way and so when
people like Ron de santis who is on the
house
jury committee when he I mean he is one
of the lead people trying to discredit
the Malheur investigation everyone every
time he does that the press should say
this man benefited more demonstrably
than pretty much anybody else in the
country for the Russian from the Russian
attack so that's one way that the
Russians probably did have influence the
other way which is most likely possible
is that there was a vendor for
tabulation books or something like that
that was hacked and a tabulation book
for Durham County in North Carolina
which which wasn't close in the end but
as a tabulation Durham County was kind
of messed up on on election day and
there was an investigation into why that
is I don't believe that the results of
that investigation are either done or
public but you know there was so much
else wrong with North Carolina the
Republicans did on their own by
basically preventing people of color I
mean they made it far harder for people
of color to vote than they did white
people and so that's you know if
anything changed the election in North
Carolina it would have been that it
wouldn't have been the Russian
interference but it is possible that for
votes tallied in Durham County which is
a very democratic County Russians had an
influence there and those are the only
two ways that we can point you and say
you know yeah here's a way that Russians
may have may have actually had an impact
besides of course the non-stop focus on
Hillary Clinton and her emails and and
the leaked emails and the DNC stuff and
the John Podesta stuff and so on and so
forth I mean that obviously was one of
the many things that dominated the
election discourse from start to finish
okay and so you you went to the FBI you
provided information on a person who was
a source a journalistic source for you
and let's go through the the reasons
that that you did so as you as you wrote
and again you know
plead the fifth when you went when you
you feel it's necessary you believe that
he was doing serious harm to innocent
people
how how how give us a sense of like is
as generally as you can what who that
who you referring not not who the person
is but who the innocent people are and
what kind of harm was it that one I'm
gonna plead this I thought if I were to
explain that it would become crystal
clear what I'm talking about okay fair
enough
you believed others agreed that
reporting the story at that time would
risk doing far more harm than good
what what what story what what store are
you talking about or can you can you
elaborate on that I think if I had
publicly reported what I knew then I
think there would have been a backlash
which could have exacerbated the danger
to other people and also it would have
made it almost impossible for the FBI
then to put together a case against this
person so had I publicly reported it it
would have prevented it would have you
know it just I think would have
exacerbated the problem rather than
rather than provide an opportunity for
the for the for the government to do
anything about it okay and so this and
and I just want to stop on the and these
bullet points here this this source sent
you a text message before was it before
the election would like hours after the
election it was it was at 3:15 p.m. on
November 9th 2016 so it was just over 14
hours after polls closed in Hawaii okay
so tell us about what that text was in
reference to and then I want to circle
back to the to the question about him
lying okay
or her I guess for the part of the text
that I included reads off the record
which by the way I didn't agree to and
and he and I did not have a standing
agreement that he could just say off the
record and I would treated is off the
record but anyway off the record you
likely don't want to hear this any more
than I did
I have it on good Intel a one if you
know human ratings that Flynn is
speaking to team al-assad in the next 48
hours
obviously that internet was
disconcerting on
number of levels you can probably figure
out a lot more than I can and then he
went on but effectively what he was
saying 14 hours after the polls closed
in Hawaii is that Mike Flynn had already
been put in charge of an effort
involving Syria and it has subsequently
been corroborated by both Jared Kushner
and by a source close an anonymous
source close to Mike Flynn that that is
that that in fact happened that
immediately or in fact Mike I think Mike
X makes it clear that it was immediately
after the election but Kushner and Flynn
had made it clear that it was sometimes
after they sometimes pretty quickly
after the election that the Trump
transition team started cooperating with
Russia on matters pertaining to Syria
now is the what was there okay and you
have identified this person as not being
part of the election team is that is
that correct yeah I I have I I to this
day have know of no tie between this
person and that not on not only the
Trump team but the Republican Party
generally I mean literally I don't know
of any tie between this person and the
Republican Party
so the which is one of the reasons when
I got this text I thought it was I
thought it was BS because I I didn't
know anyway that he would know that or
why you know so I didn't understand it
when I got it subsequently I came to
view it with much more important as much
more importance because again it Jared
and Flynn both corroborated it after
after I you know so wouldn't every is it
revealing too much to say that that this
was a source for things unrelated to the
Trump campaign or any of these issues
was this a source related to just
national security issues yeah in July
see okay so and so when they when they
texted you this information you were
just like it doesn't mean anything
because they wouldn't be in a position
to know any of this right correctly yeah
I had no I had no way of I I couldn't
understand how he would know and frankly
of course where were you on November 9th
2016 and how foggy was your brain cuz I
know I wasn't thinking very seriously
that makes right and so I you know I
didn't this was this was a blip for me
for a very long time you know it just
wasn't it wasn't something I really
thought about and then as I was trying
to figure out what this person was up to
and I started going back and
understanding stuff that had gone on you
know earlier I was like oh geez this is
kind of wild
so then sort of I mean that's sort of
what happened with me is and frankly one
of the reasons I've covered the Russia
story so obsessively is because there
was a period where I was trying to
figure out what I was looking at and and
that's why I was I was assessing all of
the public and evidence I got from other
sources very closely because I really
didn't believe that what I was looking
at was the case and subsequently came to
be convinced and that's why it you know
you know me Sam I'm not the kind of
person who those the FBI lightly yes
what I mean I you know the way that and
and it's it's a shorthand and I you know
we have never talked about this but when
I explained that when I want to
communicate that dynamic to people I say
Marcy was like one of the the people
that Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill
wanted at the intercept so you know
people can fill in the the you know the
implications of that but so okay so yes
yeah I mean let me make this point too I
spent the entirety of 2017 so you know
at the time I was going to the FBI I was
very actively trying to rein in FBI
surveillance on section 702 of FISA so
it you know I am NOT the FBI's best
friend and they are not my best friend
and so it was just bizarre that I
actually went to the FBI said I did it
actually is is it sort of a script
worthy frankly I mean I would imagine
they were quite skeptical as to what you
were up to at one point but but I want I
don't want to get ahead of ourselves
because you you make a point about your
experience with the FBI and the
investigation and why that might have
bearing on some of the reporting that's
happened recently about the way that
Muller is is spreading out the
investigation but you right
I had concrete evidence that he and this
is the person that texted you that day
after the election was lying to me and
others including but not limited to
other journalists so you presumably this
person maintained their relationship you
to you as a source and it what they were
lying about was something other than
that text on that day yeah I think he
was just generally deceptive with a lot
of with with everyone but with a lot of
people and I was discovering for example
that he would represent two other people
that I had recommended he do XYZ and
that wasn't true and so there was a lot
of deception going on and what you
ultimately and then you said I had
reason to believe that he was testing
ways to tamper with my website I want to
get to that in a second but when you
went to the FBI the information that you
passed on and I guess can't be explicit
about it but maybe you can tell me sort
of just very broadly was it information
that was that had to do with that text
on that day was it information that he
had lied to you about or was it another
set of information that had bearing on
the the broader Russian investigation
yes I mean I did tell him about the text
it was not the most important thing that
I shared with the FBI in in any in any
way I basically went to the FBI and told
them what I just told you which is that
as I reconstructed some exchanges that
this person and I had had going back
going back some time I came to
understand them very differently and
understand them in a way that was
important for
were the Russian investigation and so
and and that as I said and that had led
me to believe that he had a he had
played a significant role in it and I
had you know I had varying degrees of
confidence in what I was sharing with
the FBI was I think I said virtually
certain about a central part of it and
less certain about other details but one
of the one of the reasons I went to the
FBI honestly is because I believed they
would come and get the information one
way or another and this is going to be
the next bullet point you're going to
talk about which is the this the privacy
of my readers so there was stuff
involving my website and I believed that
it was likely they would start doing
call records you know basically a track
of everyone who was coming onto my
website to find out you know to get to
him
and I believed that they would
eventually come in subpoena me and I
figured by going to the FBI willingly I
could protect other people I could say
you know you can have X Y & Z
information but you can't have
information on any other source of mind
and you can't I'm not going to use any
other journalists name in our
conversation which is basically the
rules I laid down with the FBI and and
they've never come back to me on issues
related to this person and and you know
I'm sure they went and got a bunch of
information anyway and I'm sure that
they scrutinized me very very closely
for a long time after this but that was
my logic was what is the least damaging
way that the FBI will obtain this
information and I assume eventually they
would have obtained it one way or
another but it might have been you know
a year before they event you know they
got it from me and I would have you know
and I said I told them I said if you
subpoena me for anything
I will fight it and I will fight it very
publicly in other words then they
weren't gonna be able to subpoena me for
anything and so that's that's the that's
the that's the logic that a civil
libertarian uses and she goes yeah yeah
I willingly okay so just to be clear
here was there was there did you surmise
on your own that this person would
ultimately be the subject of the FBI
investigation or was there reporting
that led you to believe that
so that you got out ahead of this like
what was the impetus for you to believe
that the FBI would come a-knockin
looking for information about this
person well first I don't think I was
the first person who wants the FBI about
him but I think that I I think the this
person played a role in in the election
stuff right I said that already and I
you know the FBI was clearly
investigating that I'm not sure how long
honestly it would have taken them to get
to him without somebody coming forward
to the FBI and like I said I don't think
I was the first person to do that but
but I think that but eventually there
were reasons I think they would have
come to me regardless or they should
have I mean I it surprised me they had
never I was gonna say we do like guys
you're six months late on this stuff
yeah I mean exactly I'm you know I don't
want to say too much about the FBI's
investigation or what I you know as I
but that's all a story for you know
let's put it on our calendar standby
three years I'll come back and explain
that to you but but right now what's
important is the investigation itself
and um and yes it moves forward okay and
so let me just ask you one more question
about the the text the importance of the
text changed obviously from the time
that you got it to the time that you
that you saw kushner and then the the
story about Flynn did the importance of
the text do you think the the text has
has increased and important since you
told the FBI about it well look okay
again the the reason I think that plan
has corroborated the text is that right
after he flipped he told somebody close
to him that one of the things Muller
wanted information on is is is about
Trump ordering him to reach out to
Russia and Syria right after the
election so that leads me to believe
that this text would be interesting to
the Malheur team okay
