[Music]
all right so let's play this clip
quickly there's two clips so Fox and
Friends got very excited because there
was a Democratic candidate in Arizona
running for the endorsement of the
political grassroots campaign something
like that and this is like a big debate
grassroots political action committee in
Tucson tactic right okay in Tucson and
sponsored the debate and this is they're
running for she's running for Congress
and well here I'll let Fox and Friends
describe the scene for you in Arizona
second congressional district there was
a debate and one of the candidates she
got booed a number of times for
basically defending eyes and saying some
things that you might find pretty
rational listen to this you would have
declared your Democratic leadership so
that's Ann Kirkpatrick who is no I don't
know if you would frame it as moderate
but a reasonable member of the
Democratic Party she's in a debate and
she's asked would you support ice and
should we condemn Maxine Waters saying
you should harass people that support
from courageously it's a graciously she
raised her hand remember when President
Trump raised his hand saying will you
abide by it takes courage to be the only
one to raise your hand
sometimes it cuts for you in Trump's
case I wonder whether in this case it
will hurt her with the grassroots who
have clearly moved further life probably
will but you know what she doesn't lose
her soul and all of this and not oh
there's a be HUDs been speaking of
losing her soul I'm gonna compromise
your soul yeah sizing a fascist kidnap
organization yeah right there you go
but just a B Huntsman really describing
the process of soul leaving so uh the
Fox is so excited because they have this
Democrat who's you know I wouldn't say
she's moderate but she reasonable she
she she's reasonable incidentally what
is it like only thirty eight percent of
the country now supports ice is that
what it is yes and so uh uh you know
that I mean she's to the right of the
country on this she's reasonably broke
kidnapping so what will Fox do well and
make sense we're gonna we're gonna reach
out we're gonna book this person on our
show and so they reach out and book who
they think is this car Patrick and car
Patrick on their show and joining us now
that candidate the only Democrat on
stage to support ice and Kirkpatrick
thank you for joining us we appreciate
it
tell us why you do support ice good
morning I'm actually here to speak
directly to Donald Trump I feel that
what's happening at the border is wrong
I'm a mother of four and I believe that
separating kids from their parents is
illegal and inhumane I'm actually
Barbara Italian I'm a state senator
representing a large immigrant community
and running for Congress in
Massachusetts I keep thinking about what
we're putting parents through imagining
how terrifying that must be for those
families imagining how it would feel not
knowing if I'd ever see my kids again we
have to stop abducting children and
ripping them from their parents arms
stop getting kids in faces you want to
stop making three-year-olds defend
themselves in court at this point mr.
Patrick right pause it for one second
incidentally no it's not clear that it
stopped and certainly we know that there
are at least two thousand kids who are
not reunited with their parents right
what political points with your base one
for even were you not kids have been
reunited with their families again my
name is Barbara Italian and I refuse to
believe that our only options are
borders are profit okay all right let's
move that didn't go as planned so that's
what happens sometimes time for a break
yeah there you go we were expecting
concern troll for Arizona to say that we
should treat each other with civility
and this woman's actually talking about
the rights of children's plan rather
disgusting critiquing kidnapping of
children well last time we could excited
about a Democrat exactly I think we've
learned our lesson that woman Barbara
Italian will be joining us later in the
program but first we're gonna take a
quick break when we come back alyssa
court on her book squeezed why our
families can't afford a mac sam cedar on
the majority report on the phone it is a
pleasure to welcome to the program State
Senator from Andover Massachusetts
Barbara Italian she is running for the
congressional seat in Massachusetts I'm
not sure it's the third District and in
the primary and apparently there's nine
other candidates but Barbara welcome to
the program thank you very much glad to
be here so we played the clip earlier of
you on Fox and Friends and just to
remind folks Fox and Friends thought
they were bringing on a a primary
candidate from Arizona and I think it
was the Congressional fifth district in
Arizona named Ann Kirkpatrick and
instead Barbara you were on there tell
us what message you delivered this was
on a the hit was supposed to be a
Democrat who is willing to stand up on
behalf of ice and you more or less said
what I basically said that I am a mother
of four and what we are doing with our
border policy separating children from
their parents is immoral illegal and
inhumane and talked about representing a
large community immigrant community in
the city of Lawrence Massachusetts on
that every single day I am concerned on
the ground about people living in fear
of being deported I've met with a young
girl
who is 12 years old very concerned when
she pulled me aside in a school one day
to say that she's always afraid that
when she goes home or grandmother won't
be there to take care of her anymore
and so I talked about what it's what it
must be like as a parent to must be
terrifying to be wondering if your child
is ever going to be reunited with you
obviously we have not done a good job of
that it never should have happened in
the first place but we basically called
them out and saying you know stop
hurting Latino children to score
political points with your base we want
kids to be reunited there's trauma
that's been happening and this has
always been a nation of immigrants my
grandparents came here from Canada and
Ireland and it's always been a welcoming
country we need to understand that
people are coming in search of a better
life for themselves and their families
some people are leaving political
violence some people are leaving drug
trafficking violence but everyone wants
to come here and seek a better life for
themselves in their family and they've
done it at great risk and so I wanted to
get on I guess we crashed the party at
Fox in the hope that if President Trump
was listening that he you know that he
would listen to the very real concerns
that I have and so many people have at
the inhumanity that's been going on so
you know I am a candidate for Congress I
am not afraid to stand up to people and
speak truth to power I've always been
that way I will continue to be that way
and I'm gonna do whatever it takes to
represent the concerns of people in my
3rd congressional district so Barbara
how did you how did you manage to do
that I mean the the look on the faces of
those hosts was pretty precious how did
you manage to end up there you're from
Massachusetts they were looking for you
in Arizona
yeah they reached out to a member of my
communications staff who had previously
worked for the former Congresswoman and
you know real due diligence on their
part right they're not a news
organization they're an entertainment
organization and it's bad entertainment
at that but they reached out based on
and having that person's contact
information from ten years ago
and we saw an opportunity and we took it
that is so great and Wow I feel like
everyone involved in that deserves a
medal because it's important honestly
you know just I don't know if Donald
Trump will be hearing that but it is
really important and just I think to the
extent that there is any type of social
disruption about particularly these
policies and these type of policies I
think is it's crucial it and I I
couldn't I couldn't agree more with what
you the way you characterize these
policies absolutely despicable what
we've done in terms of not just the
essentially kidnapping these kids but
also our immigration policies are are
absurd and and I want to just touch on
briefly what other you know now we have
an opportunity to introduce you to
people in Massachusetts around the
country you have been I know sponsoring
a single-payer health care bill in the
Massachusetts State Senate I guess for
almost a decade is that right yes I've
been a big believer in single-payer as
again the most humane approach to
helping people get the health care they
need having insurance doesn't
necessarily mean you have health care if
you can't afford the co-pays deductibles
the caps on service you can't afford
your medications I think we need to
aspire to and move towards single-payer
universal Medicare for all program you
know I was actually in Massachusetts in
voted on what was known as Romney care
which tried to get us to 97 percent
coverage of folks here in Massachusetts
but again if that coverage isn't
affordable and if we go backwards where
the Trump administration seems to want
to go in terms of working with folks
that have pre-existing conditions then
you know and then we are going in the
wrong direction so I've been endorsed up
here in Massachusetts by the mask here
group which has been pushing for
single-payer up here for a very long
time just you know I've worked on health
care policy for 15 years I was motivated
and ran for office because of my son
with autism when I started 15 years ago
you know I was staying for a policy for
my son and yet he could not get what he
needed within his diagnosis of autism so
was able to pass two pieces of
legislation to make that easier for the
tens of thousands of kids behind us in
Massachusetts that really need supports
and services through their medical
insurance so I've been working on
medical insurance issues for a long time
we have been issue up here in
Massachusetts around safe staffing in in
hospitals as well making sure we have
enough nurses on board so I've got the
support of the nurses up here as well as
you know teachers the National Education
Association so I've been a progressive
working in the trenches for 15 years I
could tell you my story about getting
kicked out of the Catholic Church over
standing up for gay marriage in a very
active way when I was a freshman back in
2004 you know I've been in the trenches
for a long time and I'm not afraid I'm a
very strong leader that always tries to
carry sort of my mom values forward of
care and compassion and persistence and
Barbara really just asked you you know
there's there's nine other people
running in this primary have you I mean
obviously you've I don't know if you've
run before but you certainly have have
been I'm sure aware of of what's
happened in that district in terms of
this seat and I think it's it's Nikita
Tsongas who is who has been in that seat
and she's been in that seat for a long
time as far as I can 11 years 11 years
yes well I mean what is she had
something changed from your perspective
on the energy within the Democratic
Party at the moment I think it's
palpable
I noticed it right after Trump's
election noticed it during the women's
March
long before this congressional seat
opened we did an activist forum in my
major city of Lawrence we had over 200
people show up we were trying to plug
them into a bunch of different ways that
they could get involved be it with
health care the environment transgender
rights LGBTQ rights education public
education so we have seen a real growth
in folks that realize they can no longer
sit on the sidelines they need to plug
in and and stand up something and so we
have seen that activism in place here in
the third rational district Barbara we
thank you so much for joining us we're
gonna put a link to your website if
folks want to go find out more and
support you in the myriad of ways that
people offer support to candidates and
really appreciate your coming on and
can't thank you enough for and your your
comms person for for showing up on Fox
and at the very least just making those
people who are interviewing you feel
somewhat uncomfortable about trying to
shill for these horrible policies
absolutely my pleasure to be to be with
you and I have no regrets on what I did
today I think it shows strong leadership
all right thanks again thank you bye-bye
there it is that's hilarious
so Great Falls app you got to take it
and run with us so great I mean I just
the idea of like the whoever that person
was whose name was on file for them
coming up and saying hey guys I just got
I got an idea that might just be so
crazy it might work and I mean it takes
I think that type of honestly like I
think it's easy for people to think that
we you can overstate the value of that
type of attitude but that is something
you do not see in people who work around
politics willing to to take that type of
risk where it's like there's no downside
obviously if they say if they just don't
return the phone call no one's ever
gonna walk around go on that Barbara
Italian
she had an opportunity to hoodwink fox
and she never took it no one's ever
going to say that no one's ever gonna
know but to lean into an opportunity
like that and she clearly has some some
great politics and this is you know
again were you talking about nine
candidates in that district
I imagine folks could do worse so we
will put a link to her site in in
Massachusetts
