we talked about this the day the
Mercatus I think it's Mercatus study
came out the Koch brothers funded a
libertarian think tank to do their best
to make it seem like a medicare-for-all
proposal by Bernie Sanders was
completely pie in the sky would bankrupt
the United States would be hugely
expensive now let's put aside for a
moment what we know about the ability
for the government to spend the
government can spend it has control over
its own currency and runaway inflation
is not a problem specifically because of
monetary policy but let's put that aside
for a moment the big deal was a look
it's going to cost between the years
2020 and 2030 I think it was maybe was
2022 to 2032 it's gonna cost the the the
government two trillion or something
like 32 trillion dollars something to
that effect I'm just I can't remember
the numbers off my end or maybe maybe
it's not sixty trillion dollars
something like that and in fact here I
have the numbers in front of me it is 50
it will cost 57 trillion dollars for the
government over the course of that 10
years to implement Medicare for all
however in the same report was a
reference to how much Americans would
pay so understand that if the government
takes over and deals with all health
insurance it doesn't Medicare for all
that is where the totality of expenses
are and it takes it over from the
American people from America as a whole
B
because now we have the government
paying a significant portion but also
private the private citizens are paying
a significant portion when you add that
up that number between what the
government would pay and what the people
would pay in a non single-payer twenty
twenty two to twenty thirty two is
actually two trillion dollars more than
if the government was just doing a
Medicare for all
so there is a two trillion dollars worth
of savings in terms of everybody
individually in the country I'm paying
it in my taxes now but I'm actually
paying less than I did when I was paying
it in my taxes and to the private
enterprise that was the insurance
company this is a fairly easy concept to
understand but apparently it is not here
is Jake Tapper after making the claim
that Bernie Sanders program will be more
expensive than is actually paid after
he's been corrected by different
reporters and journalists on Twitter
here is his response hey everybody its
Jake Tapper from CNN's State of the
Union and factcheck.org and this week
we're gonna take a look at a claim made
by two self-identified Democratic
socialists Vermont independent senator
Bernie Sanders and New York
congressional candidate Alexandria
Acacio Cortez
[Music]
they say that mrs. Levi the billionaire
Koch brothers who are generally I think
it's fair to say libertarians and
conservatives that the medicare-for-all
proposal would actually save the
government posit you know what I love is
that we have to sell proclaimed DSA of
people but you could say it's generally
safe to say that the Koch brothers a
candidate who bought his way onto the
libertarian ticket 30 years ago which
funds almost every single libertarian
Institute in the country that could be
fair to say but they gave an interview a
couple weeks ago where they were like
hey we would work with Democrats to cut
our taxes and put the government money
let me thank the Koch brothers of all
people for sponsoring a study that shows
that Medicare for wall would save the
American people two trillion dollars
over a ten-year what did he say it would
save the American people two trillion
dollars the American people okay just
want to make that clear let me thank the
Koch brothers of all people for
sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars over a
ten-year career it shows that Medicare
for all is actually much more it is
actually much cheaper than the current
system that we pay right now is that
true did a study funded by the Koch
brothers indicate that Medicare for all
would actually save the US government
whoa whoa whoa wait wait what what did
you say Bernie Sanders said it would
save the American people Ocasio cortes
said it would be less expensive and then
wait what did what did Jake Tapper say
the question was now is that true did a
study funded by the Koch brothers
indicate that Medicare for all would
actually save the US government
trillions of dollars posit no I can
answer that question
no then that study did not say it would
save the US government because no one's
made that claim
no one has made that claim in fact just
seconds before now look Jake Tapper
doesn't edit these pieces maybe Jake
Tapper was not told hey dude
just FYI we're going to put the claims
made by these two people right before
you reiterate the claim by them so you
should know that you shouldn't change
what the claim is because it's gonna
make you look embarrassed to be fair I
doubt he knew this necessarily I mean he
records this thing he's got a busy he's
a busy guy he's got a lot of stuff to do
so he may not realize that his moving of
the goalpost would be so obvious in the
context of this video so but continue no
it's not true at least not according to
the author of the study the study in
question is a working paper from the
Mercatus Center at George Mason
University that looked at the ten-year
impact of senator Sanders proposed
medicare-for-all plan now while it's
true that the Koch brothers have given
millions of dollars to the Mercatus
Center at George Mason University and an
AP investigation earlier this year
suggested that the Koch brothers do have
control and influence over the hiring
and firing of professors we should know
for whatever it's worth the authors of
the study said the Koch brothers did not
influence them in any way we asked
senator Dukes person he told us that
while the study says Medicare for all
would increase the federal budget by
roughly 32 trillion dollars it also says
that the projected cost of all
healthcare expenditures in the US would
drop by two trillion dollars the study's
author says that that 2 trillion dollar
drop is not actually his conclusion he
said that's based on assumptions made by
senator Sanders in fact he wrote quote
it is likely that the actual cost of
Medicare for all would be substantially
greater than these estimates which
assumes significant administrative and
drug cost savings under the plan and
also assumed that health care providers
operating under Medicare for all will be
reimbursed it rates more than 40% lower
than those currently paid ha+ now the
reason why it says Charles Blau house
ricotta Center as opposed to quoting the
actual report that was the basis of this
entire thing is because the actual
report says no these are the projected
costs not Bernie Sanders numbers these
are the projected costs of health care
to all Americans I mean it really is
stunning the work that's going in here
to make this completely convoluted right
now like we're no longer basing it on
the report we're basing it upon an
interview that I did with the guy
afterwards where he parsed the words
were no longer asking whether the
question Bernie Sanders said it would
cost the American people less and I by
that I mean the government no I mean it
really is let's continue health
insurance in fact he lays out an
alternate scenario that does not include
savings from provider payment cuts and
in that scenario the report says that
there would be a net increase in
healthcare spending
now we're not here to make a judgment on
the viability of Medicare for all
and we have no idea if the Koch brothers
influenced the writing of this Merc a
dissenter study but it does seem pretty
clear that the presentation being made
by senator bernie sanders and alexandria
Acacio cortez about this study lacks a
lot of context and the author of the
study says they are not being accurate a
reminder to all you politicians out
there you're perfectly entitled to your
own opinions not to your own facts I'm
Jake Tapper from CNN
Wow I gotta say that is a real
impressive piece of of just the
intersection of of hubris and just sheer
I think I don't know I'm trying to put
it in the in the nicest light I can and
I don't know why or again but well the
arrogant II it's the arrogance mixed
either just ignorance or deceit I mean I
just don't understand how can you make
that jump between for all Americans to
the US government
it is quite clear right now all
Americans pay X dollars for a private
health insurance the US government pays
Y dollars and the overall cost to all
Americans includes the tax dollar
payments and what they pay out of their
own pocket but the government does not
include in their expenditures what we
pay out of our own pocket I mean this is
pretty basic stuff and to pretend that
that's not the case is really
fascinating I like this a new segment
called the debunk where politicians and
consumer advocates point out studies
that show objective things and then we
read the press releases of the embarrass
places that produce those studies that
show the opposite results of what they
intended and then we attack the policies
over his representing it was also weird
all the stuff with the Koch brothers
because that was the question whether
the Koch brothers influenced the people
they give millions of dollars to every
year to produce these things we don't
even need to go there all right I don't
need to suspend my disbelief that the
Koch brothers don't know how to spend
their money I don't need to suspend my
disbelief to believe that a place where
professors get hired and fired by the
Koch brothers that in some way they
exert too much influence over this stuff
that's completely irrelevant the
question is what did the study say and
was it misrepresented and the answer is
no and if you have to go back to the
author to get additional material for
him to discredit his own study then
guess what he's admitting to you too
that the study said that yeah Jake
Tapper might want to reserve his
face for Republicans and not helpful
progressive policies that he's wrong
about he should just reserve his
face for stuff that really
actually make sense this is not good
he's also reserved his Tucker Carlson
impression for that I don't know if you
guys noticed about midway through the
video there was alike
and they said got a little Tucker either
well it also shows the limitations of
journalists as the fact checkers instead
of people who actually know what they're
talking about but I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry you know what in most cases I
would say you're right like sometimes it
gets a little bit too in-depth but this
is pretty basic stuff a good 20 minutes
sitting down with this I think you would
get over it and then you see Matt
breunig saying your mistake is saying
the American people this is on Twitter
refers to the government it does not
what he's saying is that overall health
spending from all sources not just
government sources goes down by two
trillion and thus the American people
saves two trillion and Jake Tapper says
discussed it with a team and we think
you raise an excellent point on the
government versus the American people so
we're changing that in our video thanks
for the dialogue so then that's a
totally so you might as well just delete
the video in other words by changing
that in our video we're going to get rid
of the video right I don't think he said
anything yet he said something I'm a
sniper at first he said he wasn't going
to change it and he quoted the actual
Bernie quote again saying this says what
we said it said and then now okay he has
okay finally right if you change that
part the whole Sun it was after when Ben
Spielberg said something not not just
Matt breunig so it's it's pretty it's
pretty impressive that at least you know
and this is the value of of things like
Twitter okay so tapper goes on while
Sanders takes this opportunity hammer
the Mercatus study a reminder that we
never took a position on the study or
Medicare for all we stated as every
major fact checker that he didn't
provide the full context of the study
when saying it backs his argument well
Sam Harris defense just never give you
yeah give me some more comfy context to
be
right and also I mean it should add I
mean breunig and his follow-up piece
says that according to Bernie Sanders
policy director Warren gunnels the
Washington Post's Glenn Kessler did not
contact a senator's office brian of
writing a similar fact check I don't
know if tapper contacted the office but
it's pretty crazy you know I I did
fact-checking for a bit in London in
2011 as an intern and one thing I
realized after he exceed doing this is
like I did not have the credibility to
be writing about a few it is turning him
over in like five days you just like
seek out like company and think-tank
press releases it's like hey they're
saying they don't have much to go off no
seriously yeah I mean that is why I
think the whole world of like public
like PR it's it's so funny because it's
something like people generically are
like oh well nobody believes that and
it's like well yeah but literally half
the newspaper information processing
businesses that's mostly what you have
to go off of for that type of thing
