joining us now is Megan day she is a
staff writer at Jacobin magazine Megan
thanks so much for being here
thanks for having me Megan you wrote a
great piece called the banality of Brett
Kavanaugh I want to quote from it
briefly the Brett Kavanaugh hearing was
asked Elida scope of family and god and
prestigious clerkships spliced with
poofing ralphing and brewskis it was a
thorough dressing down and the end one
was left with the impression of an
unremarkable guy who was born on a
conveyor belt to power without much
obligation to distinguish himself from
his peers on the contrary his success
was relatively guaranteed on the
condition that he didn't distinguish
himself from them that he simply playing
nice with the fellas and not necessarily
nice with women from prep school to the
Ivy League to the White House and beyond
said I think I mean you captured it but
but break that down for us
in terms of what you saw about how non
remarkable this guy was and what that
says about how we conceive of elites in
general great so I watched the Brett
Kavanaugh hearing like everyone else I
was chatting with friends while watching
it I think everyone was just stunned
that what we're seeing I've never seen
anything like that I don't typically
tune into congressional proceedings I
think they're usually pretty boring this
one was far from boring and afterward I
I was you know I got a call from my
editor and he was like so what do you
have to say about this and I just I
honestly couldn't think of anything to
say there was there was there so much
that made me angry there's so much that
boiled my blood so much that seemed
unfair so much that seemed
anti-democratic or counter Democratic
about the whole process and the thing
that finally out in that conversation
with my editor really ended up rising to
the top for me is that the way that
Brett Kavanaugh responded to questions
about his prior bad behavior alleged bad
behavior by talking about how how how
much
he earned essentially how much he'd
earned the right to be on the Supreme
Court because he'd gone to the very best
schools and had the very best
appointments and knew the very best
people you could hear it happened maybe
it happened maybe seven or eight times
but that was how he responded to a
specific question about his past
behavior and so that got me thinking a
little bit about this guy as a sort of
ambassador for meritocracy certainly not
the only one in fact the vast majority
of people who constitute our political
elite all went to the same schools they
went to Harvard Yale Stanford and Brett
coughs Brett Kavanaugh is is among them
but I also was thinking about the way
that everyone watching this could sort
of the mat the mask of power slips a
little bit in this moment and you
realize that this is just an ordinary
extremely greeting not particularly
insightful dude you got as I wrote in
the piece born on a conveyer belt the
power you know he was sort of on the
condition that he didn't you know that
he moved with the pack and then he
looked out for for his buddies and you
know and clung tight stayed close that
he would more or less end up in a
position of power whether that was in
politics or whether that was in real
estate or finance or as I mentioned
later the peace military weapons
manufacturing you know it could have
been anything but he was he was going to
make it and I think of the things that
we for us to realize in this moment and
the thing that I think many of my peers
because I'm 29 and I think that you know
as I write in the piece new generations
have to be exposed to the collapse of
the illusion of meritocracy over and
over again meritocracy being of course
ruled by the most excellent the idea
that the people at the top have some
special innate excellence this seemed
like a moment when that really crumbled
just watching this extremely
unremarkable die and wondering how in
the hell he got there and starting to
put the pieces together for yourself
right and you talked about I mean other
you described you said yeah look
sexist you know emotionally reactive and
I think that's a really but that that
specific point is really important and
it comes up again and again again this
idea that people like that he would have
really need to have radically gone out
of his way to not be a success and one
of the things that which of course then
makes the whole idea of success or not
success and much more muddy concept than
we like to talk about it usually right
like if if he would have needed to sort
of bend over backwards to not be quote
unquote successful then what exactly
does that mean and in addition to that
you know it struck me that obviously he
lied well I mean in my view obviously he
lied quite a bit during the proceedings
about things both you know large and
incredibly serious and made me things
that are relatively trivial one of the
areas though that he got dinged on was
they reported the day after when he said
you know I got into Yale law of my own
merit and of course it was revealed I
think was his grandfather was an alumni
of Yale Law and people went and you know
it's a totally fair interpretation
there's another Brett Kavanaugh a lie
mine was I don't think he's lying about
that I think in his self
conceptualization that that isn't even
an added bonus he wouldn't have been
there without his merits maybe grandpa
went there but that's totally incidental
so we're also it's like we saw how non
remarkable they are but we also saw an
element of the the psychosis of this
particular type of elite in terms of how
they conceive of themselves I completely
agree with that I mean anything part of
it has to do with exposure people from
this particular class stratum and the
kind of insular world that people like
Brett Kavanaugh inhabit their entire
lives are not necessarily exposed to
lots of people who work significantly
harder than they have ever worked and
don't end up you know on the Supreme
Court deciding important matters for the
entire nation
so I think that to some extent it's just
like a matter of a matter of lack of
exposure but it's it's also the case
that they're living in this fantasy as
well all of us are that's it's not just
that the people at the bottom the rest
of us the 99% whatever you want to call
us are living with the fantasy that the
people at the top have some special
wiring some sort of like special
hardwiring that's like actually superior
to the rest of us that gives them
superior insight they have superior
talents they work harder and so on and
so forth they actually believe this as
well it's sort of self justifying its
what keeps them going and you know if I
could speak a little bit on my own like
journey through through meritocracy
first of all it's simple it's an
important ideological component of
capitalism because it is the
justification for inequality in the
United States the idea that if you are
at the top it's because you worked hard
and you had what it takes to get to the
top and that of course contains in it a
secondary or corollary logic which is
that if you're at the bottom it's
because you didn't have what it takes
you or you didn't work hard enough to
make it to the top and anybody can make
it from the bottom to the top that is
that is a rough description of what
meritocracy is as you can see it
obviously functions extraordinarily well
and it dovetails very well with
capitalism it's sort of ideological
mechanism of capitalism if you will for
me personally I think that despite you
know being you know roughly a
progressive or a left liberal for a long
time I think I had still a latent
understanding that that there was
something superior about the people at
the top for a long time specifically
until the 2016 election and with the
2016 election was the moment when it was
my big sort of Emperor wears no clothes
moment in particular I was extremely
increasingly frustrated by the fact that
the Democratic Party frequently refused
to stand firm
consistently full-throated Lee on the
side of working people but I figured
that there was probably some reason why
that was the case besides just like
sheer sticks called in attention to the
masses you know maybe the people in
charge know how to win they're in charge
of battling Republicans because they
know how to win that's why they got that
job they got the job of this critical
critical job of defeating the right
because they're the people who are good
at that sort of thing
right and and we know they're good
because they're in charge right do you
see how meritocracy is a sort of
tautology right yeah this completely
fell apart for me during the 2016
election I was like these people do not
know what the hell they're doing and in
fact they're really screwing it up for
all of us and in fact that's exactly
what happened every sort of all of the
resistance of the Democratic Party to
embracing the the passion the left
energy of its own base and instead
trying to strike some sort of pose that
careful it was carefully calibrated to
both siphon off a little bit of that
progressive energy from the base but
also make the donors happy and also make
the moderates happy and so on and so
forth it just was a recipe for disaster
and it's a Porsche Hillary Clinton won
the popular vote but you realize the
Democratic Party lost control of both
houses and you know but this is a
decades-long problem with that we're now
about to lose control the Supreme Court
obviously so so for me that voice the
little voice in my head that was always
telling me the people at the top are
there because they are there they're
better at solving these problems it's so
permanently quiet for me in 2016 it made
it easier for me to see that something
similar was happening in the Brett
Kavanaugh hearing I think there are
plenty of people watching that who
assume that people on the Supreme Court
people who are nominated get to the
point where they're nominated to be on
the Supreme Court must have superior
judgment these are the highest judges in
the land in fact what you see is that
they're just at the top because they're
at the top because that is where they
were born that is all of the structures
were in place to float them to the top
specifically on wings of respectable
pedigree and impressive social
connections and and they don't better
judgment than you and they don't have a
superior insights or talents and here's
the most important thing they would
absolutely hate for us to realize this
because they don't have irreplaceable
quality of their insights that would
oblige us to put up with their
right I mean these people make decisions
that devastate the lives of millions of
people and we give them a path because
we assume that they're best suited for
the task when we realize that they
aren't necessarily I think that inspires
a lot of popular political confidence
yeah I think that's exactly right and
actually there was a piece I think Eric
Levitz wrote about how John Roberts is
actually this is something he's been
very worried about in terms of the
branding of the Supreme Court because
under his you know under his leadership
this has already been even with that you
know quasi I mean Kennedy was as you
know I mean Kennedy was kind of a swing
vote on important but social issues
basically he was not at the end of the
day when it came to corporate Union and
certainly voting in civil rights not to
mention you know corporate money
influence in politics he was a hard
right vote with the other four so but
Roberts and part of the reason that
Roberts you know voted against the
repeal of Obamacare or though you know
allowing states to opt out of the
Medicaid expansion which was obviously
the most successful part of Obamacare
he's been really trying to cultivate you
know while they quietly basically just
implements a very extreme right
ideological agenda with regards to
voting rights and unions and so on
through the court he's wanted to kind of
hold the brand of the court as still
some type of noble transcendent
institution and this definitely I mean
you're talking about in a much deeper
and broader sense than just the court
really just the whole concept of the
leadership class meritocracy and who we
put on it
has stolen why but that brand was shot
by you know a red-faced guy talking
about beer mm-hmm totally it absolutely
was this is just another another sort of
like I say in the piece that I wrote
this this is another data point in the
collapse of meritocracy and the data
points are clustering closer together
this is the courts time to experience a
crisis of legitimacy caused by the
crumbling illusion of meritocracy but
the important thing to note is that the
court is far from alone and in fact the
greatest threat to this illusion in all
American history is in the White House
right now Donald Trump it's it's like I
like I say there's no it's not a
coincidence that popular politics are
gaining a new dynamism under his
presidency and that includes something
we would consider positive the swelling
ranks of the Socialist Left but also the
leading a flash of youthful alt-right
energy on the right you know I think
that the reason we're seeing that is
because Trump is like as I write and the
piece of grenade tossed into the
fortress of meritocracy like Obama was
so competent and he just had this this
kind of Ivy League cool and that that
actually kind of it wrapped it wrapped
it all up oh the sights yet you know the
idea that people got to the top because
they were meant to be there and where
they are as proof of where they were
always meant to be they have a special
gene that you don't have Obama seemed
like proof too many people that that was
the case and I would argue even for
people who disagreed with his politics
but Trump completely blows a hole in
that entire thing um he's he's
transparently a jackass pardon my french
he's an egregious bully and worst of all
of course he's unprofessional and that
and that and that just causes the and
it's you know and it causes the entire
house of cards to fall a little bit you
realize that there is not actually a
pyramid that you ascend because you know
you are the best and the best of the
best of the best get to the very top of
the pier
and get to be president there's Caius
the worst of the worst and I would argue
even for people who agree with his
politics and quite like him that's
actually what a lot of people find very
attractive about him is that they've
already sucked so that the myth of
meritocracy is wearing thin a little bit
may have a kind of nihilistic death
Drive about it I think so yeah that's
true
no I know I'm just reflecting on that
because I think it's always like how do
you tease out like what was the small
sin my view very very small but not
insignificant group of people who are
really desperate that were taken in by
his his con of populism what's the vast
majority people who voted for him who
are just Republicans and Republicans are
this far-right white identity politics
party in Trump's the perfect candidate
of that but that's another interesting
third equation what's the element of
people who are just like it yeah -
I think I think there's a little bit of
 it especially in the first in the
first group the people who have probably
I would say in my experience talking to
and I wrote a book where prior to the
choice between election I I spent a lot
of time interviewing working-class white
people in rural America and found that
there's a sort of like this is not
necessarily a negative thing I think it
can be a positive spigot there's a sort
of incoherence to their political
ideology it's not crystallize as it is
for people with you know lots of
educational opportunities people on a
coast people who spend a lot of time in
the discourse or whatever people these
people are a little more a little more
flexible I would say and there's a
degree to which their justice they know
there's something sort of rotten about
the whole myth that they're being sold
of meritocracy because you know what the
myth of meritocracy says about that they
are worthless and that they are
absolutely failures right and they they
I mean there's a certain degree of an
element of pride and blowing that to
smithereens by rejecting the polish and
profession
candidate who comes from the world of
the elites the world of people who
graduated with the best degrees from the
best schools and know all the best
people and instead choosing someone who
appears to be an outsider though of
course the problem in the United States
is that we have a lack of class
consciousness and so people don't
realize that he is in fact an insider of
the capitalist class they see him as a
political outsider and I think that
that's attractive to people who are
extremely resentful about the effects of
the myth of meritocracy on their own
sense of self-worth I think ya know I
think that's true and it's also very
funny to to kind of even go with the
campaign frame of like you know well we
might be able to rescue your kids
because they might not suck as much as
you do like even that straw Denari
message like on those lines like well
your kids should have opportunities you
obviously are yeah you it up they
might be able to get into a good college
and be somewhat respectable but
obviously you're trash I mean and I
think it's also interesting too because
cuz Trump it's like right the the
correct read and what isn't because we
as you say because we don't have class
politics is like this guy's the ultimate
you know trust fund baby the ultimate
product of you know unlimited access and
privilege and nobody with any different
you know class race gender background
could live I mean literally could just
live the life he did in terms of things
handed to him for him to have the career
he's had let alone get away with
everything that he's gotten away with
let alone walk into the presidency and
then conversely what I do think people
like about him is I think it's like he's
also there is a certain small part of
him and in a really grotesque way that
he is in on the joke like I get it this
is all this is all nonsense
and if you kind of there was that part
of him that's like see isn't this all a
con and I'm like the ultimate con and
I'm sort of winking while I do it and I
think it kind of were
it works in both ways for that dynamic
you're talking about because it really
exposes the whole thing even even in
some ways as you say by him doing it
like whatever all these other people
said all the right things they did this
and they did that I just woke up and was
ready to go on TV and have a rally and
Jeb Bush looks like low energy sorry
exactly
I think what's important to note is the
Trump didn't cause what we're talking
about that it collapses meritocracy by
