[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in the 1980s more and more people in the
United States reported seeing
unexplained objects and lights in the
sky
at the same time investigators who
believed in UFOs revealed that they had
discovered top-secret government
documents stated that alien craft had
visited earth
the documents had been hidden for twenty
years and they seemed to prove that
there had been a giant cover-up but
actually the reality was even stranger
the American government might have been
making it all up that they had created a
fake conspiracy to deliberately mislead
the population
the lights that people imagine were UFOs
may in reality will be new
high-technology weapons the US
government were tested
the government had developed the weapons
because they in turn imagined that the
Soviet Union was far stronger than it
was and still wanted to conquer the
world the government wanted to keep the
weapons secret but they couldn't always
hide their appearance in the skies so it
is alleged that they chose a number of
people to use to spread the rumor that
these were really alien visitations one
of those chosen was called Paul
bennewitz
who lived outside a giant air base in
New Mexico but had noticed strange
things going on
years later I sat down with Paul at
dinner in told Paul exactly that
everything we did was a sanction
counterintelligence operation to
convince him that what he was seeing was
UFOs and that what what we didn't want
him to know it was he tapped into
something on the base and we didn't want
him to ever disclose that we kind of
planted the seed in Paul that what he
was seeing and what he was hearing and
what he was collecting was in fact
probably maybe UFOs been events and
others chosen by the agency where it is
alleged given a series of forged
documents many of them were top secret
memos by the military describing
sightings of unidentified aerial
vehicles the documents spread like
wildfire they formed the basis for the
wave of belief in UFOs that would spread
through America in the 1990s
[Music]
it's the Michael Brooks show welcome
we're broadcasting live from Brooklyn
New York the left is best with super
producer Matt left you know head
theoretician David Grisman
how are y'all doing nice and super
producer David Slovak he's off-site
roaming the digital sphere the discord
community of Michael Brooks patrons
Twitter and everywhere else on this
week's program we are of course back
live and ready
for the next wave of the fight against
neoliberals neo-fascists everybody else
everybody in the way of the left is best
agenda this is the anti open and free
exchange of ideas zone on this week's
program
cory pine michael brooks show crew
writer we're talking about a recent UFO
conference that he just attended a new
piece and the Baffler on why computer
programming is a fake science and why
threatens to kill us all plus more
teases for his new book it's almost
about to hit you preorder it now live
work work work die a journey into the
savage heart of Silicon Valley then we
got a throw a banning institution into
the pyramid and then Trevor Beaulieu T
Ricky Rawls co-host of champagne sharks
he's here we're talking about the Black
Panther movie the left so much more and
we also got some found audio from Nation
of Islam Obama's podcast on his feelings
about the Black Panther film as well
we're gonna play those for Trevor all
that and then of course the postgame for
patrons on this week's Michael Brooks
show
thanks everybody as always the word is
spreading and I appreciate all of you
let's start with why Jeremy Corbyn is
very close to being the UK's next prime
minister a prime minister committed to
an actual left agenda a Prime Minister
committed to reversing the global order
of exploitation and abuses across the
global South someone committed to
reversing austerity and neoliberalism
and preserving the safety net and
expanding it in the UK and addressing
the inequality crisis and corporate
governance crisis globally and he did
something over the weekend he gave his
speech and brexit which was very smart
very shrewd he basically said call for a
soft brexit essentially and said that
the UK should remain inside the customs
union inside the eurozone which both
undercuts the Tories because they've
been committed under Teresa made
actually not stay inside the customs
union which is a very radical position
and an appeasement of the sort of
far-right position of brexit and also
another byproduct of brexit is that it
undermines and threatens the Good Friday
Agreement which brought a uneasy and not
thorough but nonetheless actual peace to
Northern Ireland and part of that deal
involves open borders and freedom of
movement inside Ireland the Republic of
Ireland and Northern Ireland which is of
course still inside the United Kingdom
and the EU open borders policy helps
allow the viability of that agreement to
stand the brexit ears threatened that
because that border would be reclosed
and a hard brexit corbin addressed that
as well ultimately we need to destroy
the euro as a currency it's very
reactionary in its design and
antithetical to left policy but a hard
brexit is obviously harmful to the UK
and the strategy that the Tories want
coming out of it is to lower labour
standards and turn the UK into some type
of European financial Haven
like Singapore with even greater
inequality so Corbin picked a shrewd
positioning there and all signs point to
serious momentum for Jeremy Corbyn and
labour and how do we know this as well
we know this because the smear merchants
of the far-right Tory media in the UK
are freaking out and government
ministers and Teresa Mae's government
are using every tool and tactic amount
imaginable to smear distort lie about
conspiracy theories and generally
freaked out about Jeremy Corbyn as
premier and inside the last couple of
weeks in the UK there has been a
conspiracy theory that the right-wing
tabloid press and that's recent make
government has ran with that Jeremy
Corbyn was a paid spy for the Czech
government in the 1980s the communist
government of the Czech Republic in the
1980s this has been thoroughly debunked
he met with a Czech ambassador and along
with many other European and American
politicians at the time in fact we have
a brief clip of Jeremy Corbyn explaining
the meeting which will play for a second
but the far-right press has been running
with this and we're gonna play Corbin's
explanation of it and then we have an
incredible piece of footage from the UK
dealing with the fallout of this tabloid
smear but first here is Jeremy Corbyn
explaining his meetings with the Czech
diplomat in the 1980s well I met him as
did the number of other people he was
the
diplomat work in the Czech Embassy his
job was to talk about some peace and
detoxes a time that gob chavez president
of the USSR there was a real chance of
deterrent developing of more peace
within Europe we spoke about those
matters and I told him what I thought
and he bizarrely discovered that I was
opposed to Margaret Thatcher in the Tory
government I think it wasn't it should
not have been a surprise to him you do
it but I had no knowledge of what
Margaret Thatcher ever had for breakfast
she never told me any regrets about
meeting him
I met him as did many many other members
of parliament I also met a lot of
American diplomats during that period I
went to the u.s. embassy to talk to them
about what I thought was their homily
wrong strategy in Central America if
you're a serious member apartment and
serious about International Affairs you
meet people you don't agree with most of
them but you have to meet them to
understand what their position is and
try and put forward your own view on
peace justice and human rights this
former Czech spy who claims that Jeremy
Corbyn worked for him said that he told
her what Margaret Thatcher ate for
breakfast which would be truly
unimaginable that a far-left MP in Tory
UK and Tory Britain the 1980s would know
it Margaret Thatcher had for breakfast
this is an amazing piece of footage here
which really shows that both the lengths
of which the Tory establishment is going
to smear Corbin but also the extent to
which they're starting to own golden
themselves and this is a UK program Matt
what's the name of this presenter in
program
Andrew neo I'm after look up the name of
the show this is Andrew Neil and I
believe this is question time but he's
has on a Tory MP guest and a
spokesperson for the Labour Party and he
is gonna tear in to this story about
tabloid covered
of the Czech spying fake story the
Defense Secretary says mr. Corbyn has
quote betrayed his country in what way
well the defense Secretary's chosen his
own words I mean the point for me about
this debacle is that we believe country
well Jeremy Corbyn I think is a grave
danger to this country but that's
because I think trade that's because of
the the ideas in which he believes and
what that would mean for our economy and
our society lots of ideas but you're a
defense secretary our defense secretary
the defense secretary of this government
of our government has said the leader of
Her Majesty's opposition has betrayed
his country in what way has he betrayed
his country that it really is a question
for Gavin Williamson that's not so you
don't agree with it well I'm not
commenting on the do you think he's
betrayed the country I think that Jeremy
Corbyn is a grave danger to our country
illogical point that's a different of
course you do everybody in one party
things the other party is a grave danger
betrayal is an entirely different matter
that's a serious accusation I just point
out that a senior figure of the Czech
Republic Defense Ministry says Sarkozy
who is the former Czech spy it's his
real name is a liar that's the exact
word the director of the Czech archives
on security says no files showed mr
corbyn cooperating with Czech
intelligence the German archivists say
there are no Stasi files on mr corbyn at
all so I ask again in what sense has mr
corbyn betrayed this country well and
Roy I'm not going to comment on that as
you've suggested this is an area where
there's lots of questions to answer
we've got a free press in this country
the Free Press is asking the questions
they should be answered yeah but you
it's not just the Free Press your fellow
Tories are all piling in as a result
your security Minister again the key
word security minister he's compared mr
corbyn to kim Philby kim Philby was a
traitor at the time if he had been found
guilty he would have been hanged that's
an outrageous smear to say of the leader
of the Opposition well Andrew I'm not
going to allow you to draw me into
potentially labelling anybody and so I'm
not going to comment on so you don't
agree with that either well I don't
agree with the defense minister
you don't agree the security minister
this is classic dead cat strategy isn't
it the government's on the ropes on a
whole range of issues from NHS crisis
children services are in crisis I've got
the government I've got the government
on the ropes and you've just interrupted
gender let me try and keep him on the
roll a Tory backbencher MP Ben Bradlee
he tweeted the mr. Corbyn had quote sold
British secrets to communist spies sold
British secrets to communist spies
so clearly without evidence that he had
then had to delete it well that is
really as a matter for Ben but what I
would say to you is that we we believe
in a free press in this country the
questions have been our questions need
to be answered I'm asking do you think
that mr. Corbin can be compared to Kim
Philby do you think that he is in any
way betrayed this country do you think
he saw British secrets do you think any
of that I've got no evidence for any of
that and so I won't make why do your
colleagues well that's a matter for
their mantle surely the real scandal mr.
Baker
isn't what mr. Corbin has supposedly
done or not done it's the outright lies
and disinformation that your fellow
Tories are spreading that's the real
scandal isn't it
I'm not going to accuse my colleagues of
lies with this information they will
need to they will need to defend what
they've said I would put it to you is
clearly a lie on any evidence so far
available to us that mr. Corbin sold
British secrets to the Communists agreed
I've got no evidence to make a judgement
solely a lie what the questions been
asked the questions should be answered
but it's not for me to sit here on your
program inventing evidence and reaching
a conclusion myself it's not something
I'm willing to you leave that to your
Tory colleagues that's perfect daily
politics of the Andrew Neil and that was
Neil Baker the brexit Minister for the
Teresa make government so this teaches
us a lot hold your ground
there will always be smears Bernie
Sanders if he runs again you're gonna
see all sorts of tax it's tactics like
this deployed against him and the demand
needs to be that
mainstream presenters people with those
platforms like the BBC or CNN or whoever
else this video needs to be shared and
constantly added and anchors in general
so that they can have some model of what
debunking this kind of garbage looks
like and also again the democratic
tendency to capitulate to try to appease
these people can never be capitulated it
could be appease they only need to be
fought defeated with clarity and purpose
so more momentum for Corbin and just
really honestly the pleasure of that
sketch of that uh felt like a sketch
because it's something that I would have
script it seemed very day-to-day I did
see flavor II broke the news exactly on
a similar theme let's actually get to
the shot out here oh man someone tweeted
of me actually a picture of Birdman and
Toni Braxton it's not it's just far out
I'm gonna have to do an illicit history
on it my patrons Lee Carter is a DSA
member of the Virginia State Senate and
in this clip that we're gonna play he is
explaining why public-private
partnerships don't work why tax rebates
to the private sector to incentivize
behavior has not worked and in fact it's
continuing to drive inequality and
gentrification and behind him an
absolute idiot named mark team who is
also a Democratic state senator and a
former Verizon lobbyist is gonna get on
his iPad and flash a hammer and sickle
behind Lee Carter let's watch this and
if you're listening you can actually
listen to a very intelligent assessment
of why these kind of PPIs
policies don't work they're driving an
hour and a half each way every morning
to to go to a job that pays $9 an hour
and in my district we've got entire
low-income neighborhoods where we're
having to fight the bulldozers because
we've got out-of-state money that's
trying to come in and buy a property
that people are living on right now and
kicking them out and you know it may
make the locality look richer on paper
it'll look like you've done something
about poverty but at the end of the day
if this does what what has happened in
Northern Virginia what will happen in
South West and South Side and the
Eastern Shore in particular I think
Petersburg is particularly susceptible
to this what will happen is you won't
have any poor people in those to
localities anymore but it won't be
because you've helped the poor people
it's because you've moved them to other
localities so I actually want to thank
it is a double shout out first to Lee
Carter who's doing an incredible job in
the Virginia State Senate who was
articulated perfectly why these sort of
private incentive structures are not
working in addressing poverty and
inequality in fact they might be
actually expanding those issues and
making them worse but also to this
complete immature jackass
toolbox in fact he is he's literally the
box that the tools come in Markheim for
flashing the hammer and sickle for
basically perfectly showing us the state
of modern politics inside the center to
the left in this country
a former Verizon lobbyist neoliberal
jackass flashing a hammer and sickle
while a Democratic Socialist explains
poverty and policy failings the perfect
distillation of neoliberalism
and the failure of modern democratic
party leadership and then Lee Carter for
explaining exactly why the policy
apparatus that fools and hacks and
jackasses like Mark Kim push for is
completely failing real people although
in fact working perfectly well for
companies like Verizon that that
fool lobbied for so dual shout out mark
thanks for being you you should be
primary your political career should be
totally destroyed and your only role in
the history books should be as an
example of a catalyst of when Lee Carter
becomes elected governor of Virginia
will say like one things that actually
help push this improbable political
journey along was when this
 did a hammer and sickle behind Lee
Carter while he was explaining by
public-private partnerships and giving
corporations and sentence to deal with
poverty issues obviously don't work so
double shout out on this week's Michael
Brooke show to neoliberal fool Markheim
and on point Social Democrat Lee Carter
just shows house like worried people are
about all this stuff I mean this is
gonna be a common theme in different
clips we play yes we're the Tories
attacking Corbin or like this happening
or Wayne LaPierre who will play later is
people are worried about what actual
democratic socialism looks like we have
the momentum and it's partially because
we can try and send big lobsters we have
greater capacity every time I do it
Jordan Peterson impression I want to cry
we're gonna have to do a thing where
each to the three of us have onions so
akin to full joy Peterson impression
free Jordan Peterson quote yeah that's
where he goes he is sort of like
intellectual Glenn Beck on that
with the crying and the emoting yeah you
were gonna say were you gonna make a
snotty remarkable and Beck being more
intelligent or something no I think both
of them like when you divorce them from
their like fundamental anti Marxism
which seems like very central to both
those guys their personalities are
interesting to just dissect like from a
non ideological perspective I don't know
why that appeals people want to go spend
their time with men like that it's I
remember one time I read a review there
