from a to15 area code who's this we come
from how are you I'm good no good long
time I've been on hold a lot you guys
like definitely change your phone system
ghosting me I don't know but I don't
work with shadow banning you your shadow
banning me okay so what I wanted to say
was first of all I'm from Pennsylvania
and everybody even the Republicans hate
Rick Santorum there you go I mean
everybody freakin hated him he tried so
hard and everyone hate him the second
thing I want to say is something that
I've been saying to my friends and
family like for a year and a half now
and like I think it's coming to fruition
at this point and I'm not going to get
into my whole background but I grew up
in a really white collar crime family
and my father was my sister married away
collar crime guy her father
his her father-in-law was away collar
crime guy I mean everybody in like the
world I grew up in we're all
white-collar crime guys and I got out of
that world I mean and I know it sounds
weird it's kind of like being like a
child of an alcoholic I mean you have to
like deprogram yourself not to be that
type of person cuz if you grow up in it
that's what happens too I'm I'm like
shocking the out of you that I'm
saying this I mean not totally but but
way sick I want to hear a little bit
more about this Mindy like okay what was
the what is the mindset what is this
so when Chomper and I said to my family
that I well my sister and my
brother-in-law they all were my mom
they're all Trump supporters and I said
they were like on the Trump and wagon
and I said to my new husband that I have
a married to for 15 years I said they're
all rooting for Trump because they like
one from the team like they like a
white-collar crime guy being president
somebody that they can rally around to
make them feel better about their own
shitty life or whatever they chose to do
in their life
I mean they're brought up that way
people that are away crime families
you just don't one day become a
white-collar crime guy I mean start like
from you know you're born into it well
right now I need you to give me a little
sense of like what is the sensibility
the mentality that is that that that
you're just that you're you're you're
describing
like I mean describe that okay so why do
something okay I'll give you an example
about my brother-in-law my
brother-in-law owned a grocery stores
and he latched on to the coupon the
coupon scam of years ago I don't know if
you're old enough to remember that
really quick do you remember grant yeah
that was his story that he did for MPR
his dad went to jail for a mass coupon
scam that he ran in his supermarket
chain so what was the coupon scam tell
me what the coupons okay I was young but
there was a coupon scam that I don't
know people Michael I don't know can you
explain it I don't know but there was a
coupon scam all right well I should you
know better than me okay so I didn't sue
Mises Hammad all his whole business not
on the coupon scam so when the coupon
scam went down and and that was revealed
he needed to go and to do something else
because god forbid he could do anything
legal so he went into the check cashing
business and then even though parts of
the check cashing business was legal
their reports of the check cashing
business it wasn't legal like somebody
you could launder money up to ten
thousand dollars like 999 $9,999 would
be legal right like you wouldn't have to
report it do you know any means yes so
like if somebody would come in like and
want to laundered drug money and they
had thirty thousand you would have to
give them you know ten thousand like
nine hundred ninety nine thousand
dollars worth of checks before you would
have to report it so this is the way
that they're wired and this is what they
do know we are on but Mindy I'm asking
I'm asking like okay now I don't you
mean you you gave some specifics but I'm
asking like what is the sensibility like
like how do they do they do they like do
they say like
no I'm doing illegal stuff but who cares
or is it like this is just all part of
business everybody does this I'm just
doing it a little better like what is
the mentality because okay
I don't I'm not I don't I don't when you
say you have to get out of it like a you
know like you can describe being let's
say the the child of an alcoholic right
like you feel a greater responsibility
to take care of your parents you become
the parent or you know you you you you
calculate ahead because you can't
predict what the future is gonna be or
you know what the you know you're like
give me the equivalent the analogy in a
white-collar crime family as you
describe it so if your father never paid
taxes and he went from scheme to scheme
to scam to scam and all your mother did
was pick out like a new interior for her
special Mercedes and you went and did
everything you were supposed to doing
you with more money than everybody in
the neighborhood your father needed to
keep stealing more money or doing more
scams to feed it so there was like a
sense of you had to feed it like they
would never do anything illegal because
it was just too hard so they did illegal
things like they didn't pay taxes they
what they jump from one scheme to
another my brother-in-law my father they
jump from one scheme to another and the
reason why I think they did it is like
where I grew up I grew up in the like
Philadelphia and it was kind of like not
a ghetto but it was like a Jewish ghetto
it's like there were row houses and
single houses and each house were maybe
like bought for thirty four thousand
dollars and there were like back in the
day like I'm 69 so you're talking about
back in the late 50s so like every house
like there was like maybe 30 to keep
houses on a block so everybody like it
was the middle-class it was like when
the middle class was uprising and
everybody needed to get ahead and like
that's when everybody started to do
better than their family how much were
you aware of it when you were growing up
like how much were you aware that your
dad was not paying I was aware of it
well I mean
when I found like the big jar of a
quaalude in the basement like like the
12-inch drawer of quaaludes in the
basement while that was in white-collar
but yeah I used to find stacks of money
I realized it when I was a young found
stacks of money in the house no she said
all kinds of things stacks of money I
found stacks of quaaludes I the beds
were at my house they mean I grew up in
a really tumultuous environment and I
like this associate I'm an artist so I
kind of dissociate it with them and just
kind of like submerged myself in art and
like I didn't pay attention to him when
I got older I got out of the Rapinoe
when I graduated car I was the first one
a family to go to college when I
graduated college I still have pee after
my mother got divorced I had to support
my mother because my mother had no
freaking clue how to do anything but
anyway my sister married into another
white collar crime family and my sister
started to do all that and she had a
bigger house to me and a better late to
me and you know until it all came
tumbling down
my brother-in-law went to prison for
five and a half years he came out and
the first thing he did was he tried to
just gain it again like that's exactly
what I want you to knock out your family
but uh yeah I hope nobody's listening
right now I don't care if they're
listening I don't talk to anybody that I
don't I don't talk to anybody in my
family this isn't just logical Serena's
only so you don't say exactly don't say
any names right and I had to keep my
kids away from it because I because my
kids might have the propensity like or
the genes would you know it's a good
Jeanne you think it's a Gino do you
think it's just you're raised in that
environment and so you're you're it's
just what you use so what do you want to
be the mother of two children who to
find out no I really so I have to keep
my kids away from the doors the point
I'm trying to make is forget about my
family I move them to an area where
everybody came pretty much from that
same environment and there's so much
unbelievable white-collar crime where I
live I mean this guy did a pharmacy
thing this guy did another thing this
guy put
put asbestos into the water you know
John Porter I mean there's everyone I
mean not everyone but I would say
there's like you can't even go to the
supermarket and not see somebody's wife
of a white-collar crime guy so the plan
trying to make to you is when this whole
thing went down with Trump it wasn't
just bigots that were supporting him
like it was white-collar crime people
that are supporting him because they
feel like he's one of them so he
appealed to not only the biggest side
but he appeals to the white-collar
criminal side do you understand what I'm
saying not only do I understand we're
saying I would you know it it occurs to
me to even broaden that out like there's
there's people who they make their
living through white-collar crime and
then I would imagine there's a lot of
people out there who cut in corners and
don't perceive you know like you know a
a couple hundred bucks here I skimmed
some money off of the cash that comes in
here or you know whatever it is and
having a guy like Trump in office
justifies it all do you like it it just
feels like more comfortable it it's
totally a justified and it also makes
them it validates the fact that they're
not so corrupt right I mean it is so
commonplace where I live to have the
first thing you do when you remember
into the houses you put like a safe
underground into into your basement I
mean I mean it's so normal that that's
what they do like and the big thing
around not say it's a big thing but you
know everybody's like otherwise talking
like well did she answer the safe before
the FBI got to the safe you know did she
get to the safe I mean so this is normal
and I think that there's a whole bunch
of closeted truck people that are
white-collar criminals or leaned toward
that white-collar criminal way past that
thirty percent that are rooting for him
because they get validated from her I
mean maybe I'm crazy or maybe you know
that makes a lot of sense to me
that you know like you know there's
probably like
you know someone told me I had a
conversation with and I was completely
shocked when they told me this story
that they they had like it was it was a
story of a dairy upstate that would do a
lot of cash business and that they were
basically money laundering for four
people because they could and I was just
like wait why like you know I have this
notion of like I think it's very
possible
I mean look our society the us society I
think in many respects is you know and
maybe sort of like suppose like first
world economies tend to be the least
corrupt at least in in one respect right
like it's it's not commonplace to pay
off all sorts of officials but I'm but
I'm as I get older the more and more I
get convinced that on local levels there
is a significant amount of corruption
right like I don't know if it's like 10
percent or 15 percent or 25 percent
that's going on on you know and that
means that there's got to be a
significant portion of the population
who are engaged in it and the idea that
you could get someone like Donald Trump
into office and all of a sudden it's
like look I'm not even as bad as the
president that's gotta be a license at
least you know it's gonna like be a
solve for your conscience and maybe feel
a little feel like you're a little more
protected and they racialize it too
right like oh it's that what we do is
totally different than what they do
we're doing we're doing yeah we're doing
business presentation matters guys yeah
Sam I drove to visit I'm not even gonna
tell you it was but I drove to visit
somebody in prison
Jonathan white-collar prison ok I knew
three other women there visiting their
husbands and I was like in Mullica Hill
New Jersey and I live in Pennsylvania I
mean I'm talking he related to Meyer
Lansky right are you related to Meyer
Lansky no no I'm not but I was I was so
upset when I was driving home that I
told Mike
on the way home that's another story for
another day but anyway they all know
each other it's like we don't wait I
mean there's a lot of it going on but I
had to get out of it it was like you
have to deprogram yourself because you
grow up that way and but I think a lot
of Chum people are you know I mean
people I know live in million-dollar
houses there are kids are on snap their
own welfare I mean they work the system
you know it's not just the way collar
crime thing it's just you know they work
the system and a lot of them feel like
it's a license now if he's gonna steal
I'm gonna go put my kids on the school
watch no I'll tell you something that's
I keep referencing it lately but this
interview that I did that's we're gonna
play next week about you know that is
part of the argument it's sort of like
referencing that again yeah we you know
if we're going to be ruled by a con man
we want one that we we know there's also
a quote I heard which is that what you
do the way you measure the development
of a country is essentially moving up
the class scale of who can pay bribes so
in a developed country in a developed
country you can't just like you know I
like pay a guy at a checkpoint but the
billionaire class and the
multi-millionaire class can pay anybody
and basically have total criminal
amenities and that's I think by a
develop I think that's true
and so it narrows the amount of
corruption it's not like Narrows is not
you know like you know on a day-to-day
level yeah it's interesting
Mindy that's fascinating total makes
total sense total okay I have one
question that's totally unrelated it
won't keep you on the phone for ten
minutes but you understand what I'm
saying there like I've been trying to
tell you that for like a year and a half
well I mad I'm glad because I think you
just dated do you think there's any
chance that we're gonna he's gonna like
do martial law I mean I'm freaking out
do I think Donald Trump is gonna do
martial law no no no you letting it just
did they did it no I don't think so I
think you're gonna be fine
Mindy III mean listen I think to a
certain extent
I mean here's the thing to a certain
extent what they have declared in terms
of undocumented and some portion of
immigrants in this country is you know
functionally equivalent right I mean
it's not it's an it's not martial law
but the idea of like we're gonna come
after you at any time for any reason
I don't care you go into the hospital
your wife is uh you know about to have a
baby we're gonna pull you out of your
car so you know if you're really
concerned about that watch how it
progressives progresses with the most
vulnerable populations because that's
where all of the stuff starts that's
where everything so I know it's scary
all right well you have a great vacation
thank you for giving me time to explain
that but I really think it's a thing I
think that makes total that would be a
fascinating study that I mean that would
be that you know if I had a publishing
company that I would be looking for some
macit I want to do an illicit history of
her family 40mb exactly appreciate the
call all right awesome I gotta do
actually well I'm not gonna pretend I'm
not tempted I think that's fascinating
Mini's got a personal anecdote for
everything it's true
