to our wheelhouse and why we're here
okay
which is of course talking about the
last Bill O'Reilly and Dennis Miller
exchange denden has not been on the Bill
O'Reilly show since September I don't
know what's going on do you hear
anything out there Andy well I just I
just plugged in well here's a deal you
know there's always exciting things
don't get thrown off by the fact that
when you have hit Dennis Miller and news
that there is no there's no end news for
Dennis Miller and two of the new you
think oh I forgot to put quotes around
Dennis Miller because it's not the
Dennis Miller you're thinking of but
don't get thrown by that there's always
something exciting happening in Dennis
Miller's career and he was in the middle
of an interview about his appearance at
the river spirit casino resort yeah he
he launched into an old story about
Saturday Night Live and I guess it was
delightful that's the news Dennis Miller
news well we have a clip from the
no-spin news this is September 21st so
this is back when they were talking
about what was it what was it was a
Kimmel right who's Kim all talking about
his kid and about health care let's
let's see what happened this is during
the salad day this is one this it's
really fun to watch yeah this is back
back before I think before you got
better Miller go to morose this is you
know a couple of months ago we should
also say just a sidelight about Bill
O'Reilly as you watch this to make it
more enjoyable as you know and Bill
O'Reilly without makeup is not this is
not great you should be aware those body
shaming there was a report about Bill
O'Reilly contract testimony from 20th
Century Fox executive in some of the
legal cases that he had a clause in his
contract that he could not be
reprimanded for anything that was not
proven in court and I'll uh
10% raise and I want to be able to call
or chocolata Mochaccino
even if she gets early if it's not
illegal then I'm gonna be doing it let's
not forget my joke though that the nose
who knew the no spin zone was meant
literally yeah for that how he wanted
women to act around him
maybe it wasn't funny it was funny two
months ago what happened you know what
we wanted is Bill O'Reilly library as is
where he does his show oh it's all his
own books have you ever seen David
Gergen David Gergen whenever he gets
interviewed by Skype he always has
behind him hey I thought it Howard oh I
was behind them how awesome would it be
of gergan actually spoke that way we're
gonna wrap this up in about 15 20 we
should go forever with this guy's of
stuff what that Bob's sorry buddy oh I'm
sorry about that honey
I know you know all right here we go as
a Bill O'Reilly with Dennis Miller back
from September 21st but kill me be that
as it may it just demonstrates that
late-night TV is no longer what it was
under Johnny Carson where people are
watch that show a lot of us did because
we wanted a little you know relaxation
and laughs before weary tired okay let's
bring in Dennis Miller did you make it
on with him dad
I did three appearances I believe that
Johnny Carson Wow did you meet him sure
sure remember once I had my mom out
there with me and it was a brief knock
at the door but not the knock of
somebody who was waiting for you to come
that's the knock of somebody there's
like buh buh door opening Carson's
that's my mother I wish I did we didn't
have cellphones and all that
weren't as prevalent versus the job the
pay phones weren't as prevalent back
when immigration was around he knocked
on a door you know a bap bap way which
of course men it was Johnny Carson and
there was less your your you're being
far too animated right Millard you ever
meet Johnny Carson he's a time dilation
because there was no cell phones with
John when Johnny Carson was on air he
knocked on the door softly no but isn't
amazing how depressed he immediately
sounds you were you weren't Johnny
Carson right Davis yeah he could make
being on Johnny Carson sound boring I
was on with one of the most iconic
entertainers of our time mom hey kid
tonight I could John that's my mother
hey you know about that Midwestern side
of him would come out when he would meet
older folks or mothers I mean very
exciting you're in show business right
right and they didn't nobody was bigger
than Johnny Carson now did you know what
car sorry X where did you ever see any
political stuff out of him about Johnny
and I saw this referred to either in the
article you sent me or that's a great
that's a great observing it he did joke
everybody move along and it is written
that became America's rhythm because he
was a leading practitioner I know he
would say never more than three jokes on
a topic and I know that he scored most
of his self deprecation which was almost
something almost built-in if there was a
joke on the cuspids they leave it in
because of the tanks on them you know
yeah
stuff Wow this is just unbelievable you
know Bill O'Reilly's trying to get to
the point that Johnny Carson never got
political and so Jimmy was just going
down talking about breaking down like
well he would do three jokes on a topic
and yeah I always keeping the pace out
and things so little that I can't even
pivot to make fun of him off of this one
I thought that was you do I told you
that I thought that was you doing him we
should we should tell people we don't
preview this stuff any of no we don't
know because we don't want to watch it
twice we just know it's gonna be talking
through darts that all the balloons but
he he didn't flamethrower anything yeah
he pricked it and he was on there in
Vietnam there are all of the
controversies but he didn't do Jack Paar
he didn't do what a lot of these
talk-show hosts did he kept it light he
kept it moving as you said and he was
unbelievably accept and I think
successful I think Americans appreciated
that
okay flash forward to now we had Kimmel
and of the three Colbert his whole show
is political but that is scoring some
ratings although I must tell the
audience and you know this their shadow
of what Johnny Carson's that's ratings
were I mean late night you know if they
do three million a night they're jumping
up and down of course and was doing
triple that on some nights so what do
you think about the Lance class just so
for people who are younger and don't
understand here's how the math works at
that time there was one late night show
it was Johnny Carson show now there are
three on the three networks so if
they're each doing three million and
Johnny Carson like so much we do triple
that what you have is that's how math
works very often yeah these guys will do
a third of what Jimmy Kimmel did be I
mean a Jimmy Johnny Carson because
there's only there's three of them now
yeah but now today they don't know how
to divide in three now there's a llama
in TV channels Billy and I was
it was joke on the I was so upset
with maybe this homeless guy might be at
a shelter that my tank all right let's
say Oh at late night turning political
well first off I don't think what you
just said and I know you're true they're
actually if that doesn't mean absolutely
anything the whole universe of
technology it's like saying how many how
many calligraphy pens were sold after
Gutenberg invented the cool for the
rumor I watch late-night television so
I'm Stephen Colbert show really I would
think never said anything I did you
might not be a lady you might not be
invited on now I'm just what I'm worried
about
I certainly don't pursue late-night
television and nor do they pursue me and
don't like I haven't anymore but I would
say this was not the Colbert I I would
think from what I do see in the ratings
numbers that he would be happy because I
believe he was finishing third
consistently yeah and the nod way has
resuscitated a lot of careers I know
Rachel Maddow was third now she's up at
the top and Colbert must be an odd thing
in their head where they realize the
wake frankly they're they're good
fortunes right now are predicated on is
it is victory of the president now if
you watch night TV they broke into your
house and you had a gun at your head
 prick I'd beg him to pull the
trigger
anything to live for anymore now paint
my brains on the wall like the cover of
the Maharishi Beatle record yeah that's
what what nothing anyone said was like
asking how many dramas were calligraphy
pens have the Guttenberg you can't just
add a reference because you literally
have nothing
Hey hey Dennis hey someone kidnapped you
put a gun to your head
now you're talking ability to do it
myself
but if somebody forced it on me I would
say take it I have nothing to live for
anymore right how bad Trump is yeah
that's me yeah yeah I think that there
might be 1% of Dennis Miller that is not
like he's not becoming good by any
stretch of the imagination but no at
least starting to get how disgusting his
side is III he's coming out of it I mean
I hope he has a moment of clarity that
he realizes that he was I don't know
what percentage tiny percentage somewhat
responsible for Donald Trump I I mean
there's something going on he it's a
frightened look people I you know I had
to explain this to Brandon today Andy if
you met Brandon our new Brandon you
haven't met Jamie yet either have you I
don't think so oh we got old unless
they're this is Brendan I don't believe
her Brendan say hi Andy how are you no
on these bits Jamie is how because you
had a wisdom teeth taken out but I had
to show Brendan my Dennis Miller doll
that I had from 2003 when he was a hero
for the right because he was the French
couldn't find a weapon of mass
destruction if it was in their souffle
or whatever it was the doll was when he
was really animated but why are we
drawing and why all of a sudden it's
like I Caribous Muslims is that why the
Democrats care about them so much
this would have been better material
that he actually did let's little to
watch late-night TV they broke into your
house and you had a gun at your head
sounds great would you prefer to watch
somebody who is just doing entertainment
it's still driving would you back to
watch all of this social commentary
which part was 100% I just want to
remind people that the or reason why we
know Dennis Miller's name is because of
the social commentary he did a weekend
update
[Laughter]
or would you prefer to watch all of this
social commentary which is almost a
hundred percent left which would you
Dennis Miller prefer to watch I'd rather
be entertain myself the country doesn't
I know the president now and there are
some things more in agreement with him
[Music]
III do think North Korea has to be
reined in I know I'm supposed to think
for these late okay but I don't think
that he's Adolf Hitler was Hitler so all
those things lead me to a point where
not only am I not that careful with any
more of my age and I am interested in
turner classic movies which are watch
every night I consternation to watch
late okay and it's sad because I think
thanks to the high
and sort of a naive rube and I don't
know whose vitals up to that every night
to be probably stupid
no I think that's driving the audience
away and espn2
so Miller's on his way to Baltimore in
about two hours down the west coast and
I will meet him there for our big show
tomorrow at the Royal College yeah
excellent I've got new stuff everybody's
got new stuff actually god you're a bit
of a just new things that's from yeah
he's definitely not Hitler you know good
point
I guess that the the Miller only comes
on now the night before the show that's
what that's why we love how he does it
is that he still is just like I just
want people to understand the effort
that I make and how seriously I take
this program I have a membership now to
the Bill O'Reilly no-spin show just just
for you and I can't believe our money
goes to that are they coming in town Oh
what we're in different towns but like
to think that you should send me as a
correspondent of the majority report out
to see Oh Bill O'Reilly Miller Joe oh
there's a show in December and Anaheim
go-eun Andy if I bought you the ticket
would you go and just like yeah and tape
it with your iPhone or something I buy
myself a ticket I'll buy you the ticket
with your iPhone please oh my god you
need to do this Friday December can't
wait in Las Vegas date and that's
exactly two shows on the 16th in Anaheim
at the Honda Center oh my god I feel
like we gotta hire somebody else to
shoot you in that crime I have to be in
disguise oh yeah I want to be recognized
well Andy
well we I would prefer this much I think
we should nuke North Korea but you know
people are so mean about it I prefer I
just watch movies so again like you've
been writing new material where you
where you're playing these days chuckle
yeah plug your plug what are you doing
I'm supposed to plug my I keep
forgetting that I have a podcast
everybody keeps saying plug it not
everybody I sound like Trump now
everyone's saying this it's called
thought spiral me my friend Josh Elvis
Weinstein do a podcast and it's just me
and him talking and it's really it's not
it's not making a little noise
there's no buzz around it but it's
definitely one it's important
I've listened to a couple up so it's
funny that girl it really is true I'm
gonna I'm gonna put it on my own but
right now I'm gonna put it up I mean
it's too bad we're not living in the age
of cell phones I'm yeah you know there
were a lot more prevalent back then you
were curing new material yeah I think I
think Trump's probably probably nuke
Korea but I don't want to be when he
said I think we should reign in North
Korea it brought me back to how Fasil
these idiots were during uh
during Bush's time just to serve like we
should reign in North Korea oh yeah
why doesn't somebody go over and pull
the rein in North Korea leave it that we
had installed at the White House nobody
wants to touch it cuz you're so lazy
Obama doesn't do cuz it's PC billion I
prefer to watch on the water just use
this try to think of reasons why I
shouldn't kill myself that's my new
material in Anaheim that was really made
you know I'd say that was the most one
of the most entertaining things I've
heard was sold Reilly Bill O'Reilly
threatened egos if I had a gun to your
head would you do any family then I
folks Sam cedar here we still need your
help on our patreon page YouTube ABS
have come back but not nearly as much as
we had before so if you can help us out
any little bit helps head over to our
patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
