let's look at some of the the the video
clips here because this is what's in you
know what's important about these video
clips and the reason why it's worth
showing is because not so much of what
you see but what you hear because
there's literally legislation that was
to be brought up in the house this week
that had been put off because Steve
Scalise was shot that is directly
implicated by I want you to watch this
video I want you to listen tell me what
you hear this is a shot of the stage you
tell me what resonates in this video too
[Music]
that's the concert and what do you hear
you hear the machine gun firing that
singer didn't run off the stage because
he got hit it's because he heard the
firing of that gun continue more video
[Applause]
posit what what just happened there was
the fire shots you start to hear the
shooting people die for color cover
thousands of people dive for cover
then when the shooting stops as denoted
by the lack of hearing the firing of the
gun people start to run you get I mean
you get the drift here of what I'm
talking about
why that's relevant the high sportsmen
heritage and recreational enhancement
act which is a broad-ranging gun pill
delayed in June after Steve Scalise was
shot was supposed to be this is an
October 1 piece I think from the hill
was supposed to be introduced this week
and it would there's two parts about
this one is it would roll back decades
old restrictions on silencers gun
silencers the National Firearms Act
which has been a law that's been a
factor an effect for literally decades
allows for purchase of silencers in
about 42 states in this country only
after you've passed a background
criminal check a criminal background
check for the first time in 80 years if
this new legislation is passed you can
buy a silencer
by simply finding an unlicensed salary
and go to like some type of event or buy
from a neighbor why does the NRA want
this because of what I said earlier when
Donald Trump got elected the NRA could
no longer pretend that the federal
government was coming after your weapons
and so the dynamic that's been going on
for years which is a smaller number of
people buying guns buying an
ever-increasing number of guns like that
guy in Vegas with 10 weapons in his
hotel room what are they gonna buy at
one point you just not have room for all
the guns I promised myself I would only
buy 10 then I bought 12 and then I just
really had to shut it down but wait a
second I can buy silencers now that's
what the NRA is interested in and the
argument that the NRA is making is that
we need silencers which are in fact not
really silencers they're just quiet errs
they don't silence a gun
they just quiet a gun we need silencers
because it's hurting the ears of hunters
hunters in this country who have been
managing for years without silencers
apparently have hearing problems now
understand let's play this again imagine
imagine there is no sound of machine-gun
fire these people don't know when this
guy is reloading the singer doesn't know
to leave the stage because there's
nothing there's just people in a 20,000
was it 20,000 people in an open-air
parking lot essentially just dropping in
different parts of the stadium
nobody knows where it's coming from or
what's happening play this a little more
people are relaxed they're standing
there they're huddled no reason to panic
folks is we can't hear anything no
that's got a silencer on it so if the
people next to you are dropping that'll
give you a clue that there's the guy
shooting lift your head up because you
can't hear anything
it's just outrageous just outrageous
I hope the NRA has the balls to bring
this up now cuz they're just going to
punt and wait until we go another couple
of months before there's some national
event that happens and people don't pay
attention to just mass shootings anymore
yeah I pay attention to three people
being shot but maybe we gotta feel like
16 or maybe if they're children or maybe
if they're like an elected
representative perhaps maybe some type
of prestigious you know celebrity but if
the NRA gets lucky that won't happen for
four and a half months and you'll be
able to bring it up but because look
June well Scalise got shot in June right
so July August September three months
seems to be what you want to aim for
three and a half months or so so you
know if if they hope maybe they could
push it up two months although this is
fifty some odd people in 400 so you may
want to kick it into like three and a
half to four months
you just gotta hope that from October to
February knock on wood
we don't have a celebrity or mass
amounts of children because one or two
kids that happens but if it's a
celebrity and maybe actually you
probably need multiple celebrities but
like three or four cuz you could
probably get away one celebrity being
shot and also what kind of slub or do we
talking about right it would have to be
a
big celebrity of course but maybe a
couple minor celebrities so I'm sure
they're sitting in their NRA NRA
headquarters right now with some
actuarial table like knowing like okay
generally what we're looking at is one
national mass shooting event every four
months if we get lucky gets super lucky
the guy will have a Muslim sounding last
name and then it's not a function of the
guns at all it's just Isis in that case
we probably will need the silencers
because you don't want Isis to know that
we're firing back at them I mean that's
the reality of it there's no reason to
pretend like hopes and prayers everybody
gosh hopes and prayers nothing we could
have done about this one this bill that
they're talking about will also
fortunately loosen restrictions on
hunting and shooting on public lands it
also is going to reverse that Obama
administration ban on lead tackle and
ammunition for most federal lands
because you know the Constitution says
not only do you have the right to bear
arms you also have the right to poison
the environment while you do it it's
going to amend the migratory bird treaty
act so that you can shoot birds overrun
harvested cropland so get a little lead
in your corn fortunately because of the
Constitution it will remove the
Endangered Species Act protections for
the Great Lakes gray wolves and ban the
purchase of new wetland and bird habitat
so our children don't have the ability
to see the birds that we have in
existence today and thank god it's gonna
legalize the sale of armor-piercing
bullets
so long as the manufacturer writes on
the box made for sporting purposes it's
a big distinction right there I mean
that way when you're headed out to shoot
policemen who are in armor you're gonna
stop as you pick up the box and it'll
say oh wait this is only for sporting
purposes not for shooting policemen
through their body armor I'm gonna put
it back but maybe that's your sport fair
enough
and fortunately if the a-holes in a
state let's say like I don't know Nevada
say you don't even need a permit for for
concealed carry
then you will automatically because of
all the states rights be forced to have
reciprocity in California where they
don't want people to conceal their
weapons without you know extensive
background checks in permitting process
hey you just cross the state Manuel so
they can spread their scourge across the
nation some of these I'm convinced they
just sort of layer up it's like what
they do in large corporations you know
you'll see somebody go on a hiring speak
so that when they have to ultimately
fire people there'll be enough people in
their department they can actually just
lay off that's a this at one point we're
gonna have mass casualties where it's
like Oh two hundred people are shot dead
let's compromise on the whole silencer
thing right we're gonna back off the
whole concealed carry on Tuesdays or
something
it's just it's disguise alright we don't
support shooting contests in the middle
of town squares anymore and Donald Trump
got up there and recited the Bible to us
I don't think he said the word gun how
he easily would have been fifty people
maybe sixty people dead maybe 70 I don't
know maybe I don't know maybe another
hundred who are permanently some fashion
disabled right four hundred people
getting shot more injured that's just
luck of the draw
you know what do you what do you think
well maybe the forty nine was the record
what was that back at at the nightclub
in Florida was that it was that a year
ago is that two years ago it was two
years ago that helped Donald Trump get
elected president or complete 18 last
summer 2006 20 kids in Connecticut I
mean we're getting we're able you know
we're making America great again folks
we're gonna but we're gonna bump this
 up bump it up to 75 killed next
time we can do this so you know maybe
when there's like 200 people killed in a
mass shooting event maybe that's when
the NRA says okay you guys get a free
vote to roll back you know I know the
armored piercing bullets you get a free
vote we're gonna release you on that one
but we're gonna need like 120 day window
maybe a six month window just so to make
the adjustment so that we can sell our
existing stock at like a 5x price it's
just disgusting it's just it's
disgusting it's pathetic
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS have come back but not nearly as
much as we had before
so if you can help us out any little bit
helps head over to our patreon page
right at this URL and you'll help us
keep helping you by making videos
