[Music]
all right so let's talk about Donald
Trump in in Europe as we speak there is
a huge baby blimp flying over somewhere
over Donald Trump I I agree with the the
popular sentiment if the bump is not the
blimp does not have the ability to
defecate on on the people below that
it's not true to form but it captures
his essence though this is the closest
thing I've ever seen to a full life
it's the Trump yeah you know I had a
conversation the other day with a with a
a a neurofeedback psychologist
psychiatrist like I don't know exactly
but he said you know that Trump is not a
sociopath because he cares so much about
what people think of him right that that
he's not he can't be a sociopath because
he you know associated a moral
narcissist action that's right that's
right that's right and that's what he
said he said he's easy he's a narcissist
yeah there was never no cold-blooded
sociopath in history of being like I
think they like me I mean I know I like
them did they like me he said he said he
kept talking about the election for a
year and a half like a good sociopath
would be like yeah I mean I won the
technicality I don't care exactly like I
won't ever care it doesn't even matter
if I lost the election I am president
who cares come and get me I'm not gonna
do an amateur diagnosis but I would say
like if you're looking for public
American politician like Dick Cheney is
more like the sociopaths range like
right right no of course not yeah all
right so we also have some sound from
Trump in well Trump was in a meeting
with Theresa May and we have this audio
Matt oh the meeting audio from the Sun
oh I can look for that that's not mushy
oh well that's big news
super-big well apparently when
apparently we did not get that text
message that you said okay good looking
at it now I can see it on this is
fantastic I want to have this is like
this Skype contact like a mat in front
of I will Isis or Thorat area leanings
here I just got the struck interview
part of that I thought the Sun interview
was struck all over the place
I wish we could put the feed that is on
that it sounds to me like Michael just
sort of waltzed in it like quarter or
twelve it was quarter of eleven get your
face well let's press okay well right so
so Donald Trump is in and obviously in
Europe he trashed the EU NATO and and
well EU and NATO I meant an admission
yes right and as he's about to meet with
Teresa may he gives an interview with
the Sun which is a Murdoch paper and he
basically just craps all over her and
one would imagine that you know in you
know for most politicians that would be
sort of a gift right from heaven like oh
my god Donald Trump is attacking me
everyone hates Donald Trump everybody's
gonna love me but that's Michael and I
were talking before the show today
Teresa may has really made it a project
to show that she can she's both kissing
his ass and like she's going to be the
master manipulator of Donald Trump right
doesn't seem to have worked however so
Donald Trump had plenty of advice to
give to Teresa may and said basically
like if she does soft practices
like if she gets super if she doesn't do
the full brexit then then any deal with
us is off I mean who knows what to make
of any of that but I do know what to
make of this Donald Trump was there and
he is lamenting in fact he is lamenting
if you want to hear the basis of what
Donald Trump is saying about the culture
in Europe simply Google white
supremacists talk about the culture in
Europe and you will find a bunch of
white supremacist are basically saying
the exact same thing is Donald Trump or
better yet listen to your interview a
couple months ago with Christian pickle
Eenie right he's like all of our
introduction rhetoric to Nazi groups are
what's coming out of this White House
yes and here is Trump in a
Buckinghamshire I don't know if this is
a no-go situation where he was allowed
to get into Buckinghamshire they had to
drop them in and some type of military
transport but here is talking about the
the problem with culture in Europe but I
think that's very much hurt Germany I
think it's very much hurt other parts of
Europe and I know it's politically not
necessarily correct to say that but I'll
say it and I'll say it loud and I think
they better watch themselves because you
are changing culture you are changing a
lot of things you're changing security
you look at what's happening I mean you
take a look of it look at what's
happening to different countries that
never had difficulty never had problems
it's a very sad situation it's very
unfortunate but I do not think it's good
for Europe and I don't think it's good
for our country where as you know far
superior to anything that's happened
before but we have very bad immigration
laws and we're I mean we're doing
incredibly well considering the fact
that we've virtually don't have
immigration laws we have we have laws
that are so bad I don't even call them
laws I call them it's just like you just
walk across the border you walk across
the border you would put one foot on the
land and now you're tied up in a lawsuit
for five years it's the craziest thing
anyone's there
Roisin Jesus all right sure he's so
stupid he is so stupid man God Jesus
look he he's lying obviously about our
immigration laws it's nice that he
thinks we're so far superior than others
the idea that things in Europe have not
been bad in the past I think you would
need a very limited awareness of the
history of Europe that's what Dad said
dad when things were not bad in the past
from a European perspective he said
particularly in the 30s there was a lot
of good things happening well and also
the late teens and early twenties a
little bit tough in Europe is also a
tremendous time it's great and you know
you miss race trains ran on time and
everybody remember that phrase I mean
the the honestly like if you were to
pluck some 14 year old white
supremacists out of like some reddit
thread and put them in that exact same
situation they would be the III want to
say there would be less articulate but
they would be exactly as articulate no
it would be like a racist kid it into
his homework I don't even call it laws
in like you're super bad down this is
insane I mean like he's and I you know I
there's just another level of insanity
that is going on here that is III mean
you could attribute it to maybe he's
cranky because he's traveling overseas
or maybe tributed to the fact that now
he's got this meeting with Putin that
everybody's calling to be canceled
they've literally just indicted you know
twelve intelligence officers for getting
heavily involved in trying to influence
the election now I mean my presumption
has always been that that we do this in
some fashion right we certainly are
fairly recent history
is quite clear on this but you also got
to imagine like if Russia had evidence I
mean there's no opportunity really for
like Americans a CIA to sort of
influence the outcome of a Russian
election because it's sort of a foregone
conclusion right in some respects right
certainly we do this in and and and have
done this in other countries and I if
other countries got mad about it I would
completely understand that it's really
not about it right now
indeed and I would be also very suspect
of anyone who was elected under such
auspices right I mean so it's perfectly
reasonable for us as a citizen of the
United States to have a lot of concern
about the guy who is elected under that
type of circumstance well we oppose us
doing overseas we can object to do
having done to us this is not yet right
I think you can be against both those
things yes simultaneously and so Trump
is I think I I don't know maybe that
he's losing his crap because of this I
mean my my speculation is that if he's
gonna fire Muller it's going to be in
during the lame-duck session right cuz
he's probably getting a lot of pressure
to not do it in the run-up to the
election because that would put I would
think Republicans in a rather
uncomfortable situation but all the more
reason you got Olin Democrats because if
he does that I mean if he does that you
know if Republicans I'm still in charge
they'll be absolutely no accountability
and then we go into a much more
accelerated level of verges jeta Singh
jettisoning those institutions period we
got that son sound now if you want to
listen to it yeah okay so here is Donald
Trump he lands in
in in in England and is going to meet
Theresa May
do you know look there's a point for
these whole all these diplomatic
missions are supposedly to work things
out and to maintain the quality of
relationships and and and to you know it
I don't know I think it's very hard for
like normal people to sort of imagine
that that the fate of countries rests on
on some level you know I don't know what
percentage but on just the actual
personal relationships between leaders
right I mean it just seems to Patty
you're really missing something here but
he's missing it Theresa May when I first
met her never said that Ivanka was a
piece of ass got off to totally the
wrong foot from it beginning but from a
personal relationship but but at the
same time look Donald Trump is a
reflection of this country yep and you
know regardless of the fact that he
didn't win the popular vote other
countries would be ludicrous
they'll be irrational not to look at
this and say like hey this is this may
be Donald Trump doesn't capture you know
the essence of America as you know and
the spirit of America or even the
majority but this is indicative of a
highly unstable country that they have a
system where this guy could end up being
president
and so when he lands in England and then
immediately undercuts Theresa May it's
it's damaging like if you can't handle
me at my best you can't have here is
Donald Trump doing an interview with
Rupert Murdoch's the son just literally
hours before he's going to a
formal dinner or no no no he gave it
before but it came out just apparently
as everybody was leaving the dinner
reporters reporters could see everyone
on their phones reading it and listening
to it here is here is a clip of that
should say he is he's talking about
brexit and he's talking about he's
talking about what you know Theresa May
how she's handling brexit I would have
done much differently I actually told
Theresa they had to do it but she didn't
agree with she didn't listen to me I
think the deal that she's striking is
not what the people voted on it's a much
different deal than the people voted on
it was not the deal that was in the
referenda they do that I would say that
that would probably end a major trade
relationship with united stand you can
to the states and just you know the
Republicans just invited him in yep he
imagined Netanyahu showing up just you
know uh with an actual invite and then
just you know the first thing he does he
lands he gets off the plane he goes to
you know the the the New York Post and
says you know Obama he's doing it all
wrong it was explosive know it's almost
like you got here started criticizing
John Boehner yeah actually that would be
more analogous John Boehner's total he's
so bad at his job I told him how to do
it I told him I told him good what are
you doing that's what he didn't listen
to Marty doesn't listen he's messing up
on Terry and it was later it later
apparently in that interview or prior to
that Trump was saying like I you know I
knew those was brexit was gonna happen
Barack Obama did not get it right I got
it right I was right about there are
three pillars four pillars approval
 my daughter deal with Russia undo
Obama he
those are my load stuff talks about it
like it's placing bets on it maybe yeah
