Shawn McElwee who we would never
platform on the show I say just to
but I think I am speaking to him during
a fire this week but he has made the
case quite a bit often through data and
applying people with alcohol that the
the key to folks with good stances on
issues to winning is across the country
is also that they be good candidates and
being a good candidate involves a whole
set of skills and also frankly a profile
that is going to drive people to the
polls a Latina a woman is in a district
that it has a growing or a significant
Latino population and a young woman in a
in a district that has growing numbers
of young people demographically people
should it makes sense that people are
going to want to elect people who
reflect themselves that happens all the
time that is why the Republican Party
votes exclusively for white people
almost 90 some odd time because they're
only made up of white people the party
and so she is a perfect example of
someone with great politics and also
being an amazing candidate and the
perfect example of that is she is
interviewed by poppy Harlow on CNN I
don't know anything about poppy Harlow
but it was a classic one of those let's
get the the freak on right and expose
them and and I have to say that like you
know it's the puppy heart probably
Hollow isn't like extremely hostile but
she was clearly gunning for something
and condescension there definitely and
of a growing frustration because she
can't she's she's beat all of her
to sort of pigeonhole her or to
character a caricature occasio cortez
fall apart let's let's start with this
one where poppy Harlow is talking about
is asking her about ice so you have
called for a number of things one of
them being to abolish ice and you
recently traveled to the border to
Tornillo Texas to see the shelters to
see where some of these separated
families are being held
what would you replace ice with and do
we not need protection at the border
well we absolutely we absolutely do need
to make sure that our borders are
secured to make sure that people are
safe and passage but what we need to
realize and remember is that ice was
established in 2003 right at the same
time as a patriot act the AUMF the Iraq
war and we look back at a lot of that
time and legislation as a mistake now
and I think that ice is right there as a
part of it it has extra this
extrajudicial nature is baked in to the
structure of the agency and that is why
they're able to get away with black you
know with black sites out our border
with a separation of children we are we
are committing human rights abuses on
this border and separating children from
their families and what that you know is
is part of the structure of the agency
we can replace it and we can replace it
with a humane agency that is directed
towards safe passage what if you got a
black should I have a criminalization
what do you mean black sites what do you
mean about black sites so I was just yes
yes so actually were just hopping off
MSNBC and and they were talking about it
basically what we have is that people
are not able to access even our own
members of Congress are not able to
access what is happening in these sites
and that in and of itself the secretive
nature and when we know that that
children are being kept and that human
rights abuses are happening in without
any sort of transparency or
accountability that is where we're at
right now that is simply what is
happening
I would note those facilities run by by
HHS but I know some of the lawmakers who
have even gotten inside have not been
able to see some of the children so
there you have it I mean and poppy
Harlow's producer goes what they're run
by HHS
I mean poppy Harlow learned a lot I
think in that segment from her she I
don't think she realized that ice was a
relatively new agency I don't think she
was aware that you could characterize
these as black sites because of their
secretive nature and so I think poppy
Harlow learned a lot in that moment and
she may have been convinced but she
still needs to find something that that
will make her seem like she's Olympic
let's go here we let's go let's go to
the clip number three there are some
Democrats as you know who have been
pushing for impeachment proceedings
against the president showed Democrats
retake the house in November there are
other Democrats like representative
Jerry Nadler of New York as well who
have warned against that and said that
is a dangerous path for Democrats to run
on where do you fall would you push for
a trump impeachment should you should
you win well I would I would I would
support impeachment I think that you
know we have the grounds to do it I
think what really we need to focus on is
making sure that we are advocating for
the policies to win in November but
ultimately I think that what we need to
kind of focus on is is ensuring that we
can you know when people break the law
potentially break the law that we have
to hold everyone accountable and that no
person is above that law and which is a
an incredible I mean the and I think she
will refine that those comments to that
where and she sort of found that over
the course of just that that addressing
that question understanding that this is
going to be used as some type of blood
and against her but who can argue with
the idea that if someone's broken the
law we have to we have to make sure that
no one is above the law this is where
poppy Harlow is
really trying to sew division right like
oh this is gonna be a real problem for
the Democrats we're gonna be able to set
this baby up as a as a Bernie bro versus
Hillary type of situation but no such a
broom do you see yourself Alexandra is
more of a Democrat or or progressive
would you say I am a member of the
Democratic Party this morning I'm
absolutely I'm proud to be a Democrat I
was raised in a Democratic family with
democratic values but it also means that
the Democratic Party is a big tent and
there are so many ways to be a Democrat
and I'm proud to bring to Congress an
additional perspective and a lens
towards what the future of the
Democratic Party may be in 2020 should
you win in November in 2012
I mean how bummed is poppy Harlow in
that moment right like are you a
Democrat or are you an ideology like you
know like the idea like that's not even
its a very revealing question no of
course it note but it's but it's it's
revealing of poppy Harlow I don't know
man videos where I say what I want to
say about it well okay good but the fact
is is that people have been identifying
themselves as a progressive Democrat or
there's literally a progressive caucus
in the democratic party the biggest
caucus that exists so the idea that you
can't be a progressive and a Democrat
simultaneously is a is beyond fiction
but she wants to set it up that way as
if you can't be both of those things
simultaneously and so poppy Harlow loses
but let's let this continue in 2020
should you win in November in 2020 can
you say right now that you will
unequivocally back the Democratic
nominee in opposition to president Trump
meaning you know if this were 2016 would
it be a guarantee that Hillary Clinton
closet look at that list before Harlow
can even finish her question
right like ask the question will you
support the Democratic nominee yeah
wait wait I want to give the
their scenario which I'm trying to bait
you into and she's already answered the
question but Harlow has such an agenda
here that she has to continue on good go
back to just a little bit 2016 would it
be a guarantee that Hillary Clinton
would have gotten your vote yeah or do
you first first year reasonable she did
it again
she did it again no I mean I think that
we're just at a moment where we
absolutely have to support the
Democratic nominee against President
Trump absolutely without question
darn darn okay I mean a a better
question to ask might be can you be a
Democrat and a socialist and I don't
know like I don't think Party is a
capitalist political party socialists
want to end capitalism she says that
she's a socialist like if there is a
pretty good interview wait a sec wait a
sec wait a sec wait a sec of it let's
just stay on topic here with what this
interview was if you want to if you want
to talk about whether or not she's a
legit socialist we can do that in
another you know in a minute no I think
so let me finish this the the bottom
line is is that
there is an attempt by Harlow here to
create a narrative that is just not
working and what this is showing is that
Ocasio quartey's is an incredibly adept
politician she knows how the media wants
to pigeonhole her she knows how the
media wants to character her and it is
not she is and this is on day one she is
destroying Harlow's attempt
let's do here here is here is and but at
the same time is not having to move an
inch off of of where she is on these
positions she hasn't had to back off a
single position that she has let's do
this last one I'd be elected to Congress
in November I will accomplish blank
so I think should I be elected to
Congress in November I'm hoping to to
accomplish not just my own election but
a caucus of progressives in the in the
primaries to come so that we can kind of
come in to this legislation and I mean
come in to Congress and be able to
co-sponsor really a profound legislation
that not only fights for economic social
and racial dignity for all Americans but
advances healthcare as a human right
advances higher education the expansion
of higher education including trade
school to all working class Americans
and more all right
and the name that is top of mind for you
when it comes to the Democrat you think
should run against President Trump in
2020 I want one name what is it man I do
not have one right now there are there
there are a lot of great ones that's a
problem that's a problem for your party
isn't it that you don't have a name
pause it what does she see how desperate
she is here do come up with a problem
it's a problem that you don't have a
name first off in what possible scenario
what like what is she saying is a
problem we had two years out certainly a
definitive nominee in 2014
Hillary right exactly and that didn't
work out so well so like on what basis
is it a problem that someone who's just
won a Democratic primary can't come up
with a you know a specific nominee they
want to support good right now there are
there are there are a lot of great ones
that's a problem that's a problem for
your party isn't it
that you don't have a name I mean I
think I think healthy competent were
used to the we're used to voting for the
lesser of two evils instead of the
better of two options and I hope that in
the future you know in 2020 we realized
that having more than one amazing
candidate is not a problem is there
better is there a better option I mean
not a lesser two evils I mean if you
think of a coma Harris and Elizabeth
Warren at kirsten gillibrand or any of
those names top for you right now do you
think they can and should win against
President Trump
for me I think that any candidate right
now in 2020 my bar my first bar is the
rejection of corporate lobbyists PAC
money I mean she's so on top of this
stuff it's it's really incredible her
ability to handle these questions which
were all aimed at promoting a specific
narrative failed because she was so
adept and she's 28 I mean at one point
she's gonna be 38 and it'll be I I mean
the we are literally looking at the
future of of the party I think in you
know Acacio Cortez one thing that you
see in watching enough cable news over
the past few years is there is all these
chapters of these anchors not realizing
or be being adept in dealing with these
new people that come on the scene
whether it's these Trump people who just
espouse fake news all the time and just
shut them down or now with the left just
being more educated and knowing their
points better than the people that
they're talking yeah yeah I mean I think
it would have it's possible to I mean I
I feel like there have been times where
I have seen interviews with folks on the
left willow get tripped up in this stuff
and she I just thought was incredibly
adept at dealing with that and it
doesn't I don't think it gets more sort
of like earnestly aggressive than that
you know she could go on fox I guess but
it would be disingenuous this was like a
real agenda ha you know down to the
point of like I mean this is a big
problem you don't it's it's not it's
we're two and a half years out and you
don't have a candidate that you're
porting for president yeah of non
declared candidates I can't get over the
there's an impression that the left
really doesn't want to see Trump
impeached or something and like I feel
like that's like that poppy Harlow is
trying to play on with that question but
like
I feel like people just don't want it to
be the priority which is exactly what
she says right I mean it's like it's the
what what Harlow was doing was
desperately trying to basically throw
her hook into a bunch of like like
little pools and the hooks you know are
these narratives that it is it's
impressive to see occasio Cortez knock
these down because it means that she's
not afraid to go into these different
pools and a lot of Democrats are afraid
you know there's a lot of Democrats who
avoid going on television because they
can't deal with stuff well it is a very
hard line to walk and I think that papi
was speaking to real division that
exists within the Democratic Party and
between the Democratic Party and the
people who are trying to take it over
from the left and I
I saw her speak I saw kasnia Cortez
speak at the DSA convention the new york
city wide convention and i was very
impressed with her i mean you know she
might have been tailoring her speech for
her audience but um she talked about
democratizing the economy she's done
interviews like this great one in vogue
where she said socialism is uh you know
democratic participation in our economy
our economic social and racial dignity
and the only way people have to lead a
dignified life and i voted to endorse
her she did not identify strongly as a
democrat but obviously she's not going
to come on national TV and say the
democrats suck i'm taking you over to
enact leftist policies but like this is
really a tricky thing that we're trying
to do right now from the left and there
are structural limitations in terms of
how much reform the democratic party can
make certainly like the sort of non
reformist reforms she's talking about
like a job guarantee and like pretty
pretty radical for our current
environment kinds of things so like at
least at least for me my vote to endorse
her was it was it was coming from a
socialist horizon and
it would it'll be interesting to see how
people handle this like I think she's
doing a really good job but like the
Democrats are a failed brand socialism
is a rising brand and yeah we're doing
it through the Democratic Party right
now because we have to we have a
two-party system like it's a long it's
gonna be a long time before we have a
viable Socialist Party in America but
that's something to keep an eye on i
mean i've thought of like henry giroux
in the interview yesterday when he talks
about how you need to have one foot in
and one foot out and how you basically
can't leave any of these places
uncontested and i think yeah like we we
don't know theoretically what can be
accomplished or what the limitations are
but we do know for a fact that a
Democratic Socialist can beat a very
powerful machine Democrat in a primary
and you know what what that least who or
not is something we have to find out
through I think like the like Giroux say
a dialectical process like we're gonna
find this stuff out and I think frankly
I think a lot of people wouldn't have
expected her to even have a chance and
that she's done this I think should
inform people going forward oh yeah and
I think the party establishment is
really scared right now cuz like she's
she's taking a very uh as I mean she's
going to be threatening no matter what
but she's taking a very non-threatening
approach at least in that interview
which i think is probably the right move
but when you say that it's a big tent
like you can only grow a tent so far in
one direction before it has to shrink in
another and I mean it's a zero-sum game
mmm I don't know if I'd put it that way
exactly but some of the stuff she's
talking about is stuff that socialists
want in service of a service of a more
much more radical horizon so it makes
sense that some you know centrist who
are committed to defending the status
quo would feel very threatened by her
and very angry so I actually think
there's an interesting discussion about
like the Yvette Clarke race because if
you think that because she was the
incumbent and she barely beat a bunka
deado
and if you think you can you can
basically change two different parts of
that race to make whichever case you
want which is
if a vet Clark was an old white guy
maybe bunka detto wins but also if bunka
deado had like DSA support maybe he wins
- right I mean I think there's there's a
lot of different things there's a lot of
different Menai think for folks to not
presume that there's any one thing that
accounts for someone winning or losing
in these elections and that is the
important thing I think the key to keep
in mind Ocasio cortez and the reason why
I played that last series of clips was
to show that you have an incredibly
adept politician and with with a lot of
incredible skills she also has in her
favor a demographic profile in terms of
youth in terms of gender and in terms of
ethnicity that is suited to that
district which is also really important
and on top of that she has issues set
that is energizing people in and on top
of that and energizing working-class
people right doorknocker you can speak
to working-class people you can speak to
poor people no politicians like to talk
about poor people but yes I mean I don't
I don't know who those 14,000 people
were that came out and voted for I don't
know I don't think they were I bankers
well I mean look the we're talking about
the the the the the Bronx and queens I
don't think there's necessarily a huge
group of bankers who were voting for
Crowley
they may have been funding him and his
partner may have been rotting a
foreclosure mill but they weren't
actually going out and pulling the lever
so I I don't know but I mean presumably
I mean she's she's energizing people in
terms of issue sets and so all of those
things together make a difference any
one of those elements fall
out maybe she doesn't win or maybe she
wins by a smaller margin you take any
one of those elements maybe and give
them to somebody else and maybe that
