[Music]
this period between now and November is
so crucial it is clear that the
Republicans are getting a they're
indicating that they are aware that the
Democrats are probably gonna take the
house
I mean I'm more than likely right I mean
you see this in the in the in the form
of a GTI the FCC chief we have spoken
about this on multiple occasions there
were two elements well first off you
really need to go back to October of
2016 and I believe maybe it was in the
observer Jared Kushner sat down with
Sinclair media and negotiated better
coverage that is what came out of that
meeting that's what they both said now I
don't know what the the quid pro quo was
but two months later
Sinclair media is making a bid for
Tribune media which would be impossible
except and unless the FCC chair decided
to waive certain restrictions on media
concentration one of which involved
claiming that UHF stations are still
sort of somehow not equivalent to VHF
stations and the reason why many of you
don't even know what I'm saying when I
say those words is because you get your
television via cable now but back in the
day where we had rabbit ears on our TV a
UHF station was a much more low powered
station and so it didn't cover as much
territory so owning one of those was
like owning a third of a VHF BH VHF
station which was like four five seven
two UHF was like channel 38 Jim 56 jail
27
but on cable all of these have the exact
same signals because it's digital now
it's all the same signals however a GTI
decided we're gonna we're gonna not
count formally UHF stations as VHF and
so you can own more and we're gonna wave
part of or reinterpret some of the rules
on local control so that you can own
more of these stations and now all of a
sudden a Japon Monday said he had
serious concerns about Sinclair
Broadcast groups proposed 3.9 billion
dollar acquisition of Tribune media
media a surprise move which could
potentially scuttle the deal it will the
the FCC proposed referring the matter to
an administrative judge which will slow
everything down and it will definitely
kill the deal but here's the interesting
part
well that's all interesting but the
Inspector General of the FCC is probing
allegations that a GTA game a sweetheart
deal that there was some type of quid
pro quo and a Jeep I realizes like oh in
six months there could be hearings on
this how did Sinclair media respond
remember see if you can pull that up on
Google just Jared Kushner slay Claire's
a lot of heat on the organization right
now so maybe you want to start
conferring even your little side bases
add Japan is looking out for himself
right that's what I'm saying and he's
realizing like oh yeah there it is this
is I guess Politico
from December I'm sorry it was December
of 2016 we struck a deal with Sinclair
for straighter coverage and they they I
think they struck that deal during okay
Donald Trump's campaign struck a deal
with Sinclair Broadcast Group during the
campaign to try and secure better media
coverage his son-in-law Jared Kushner
told business executives Friday and man
what kind of idiot says that you know
announces it we did it we did it before
the election what did you have to offer
them this media company uh such
integrity just having nice I don't know
why nobody else has ever referenced this
article but I keep coming back to it and
here's Sinclair media's response they
are and there's questions of misconduct
that floor you know floating around here
and their response was we are shocked
shocked that is basically like hey what
happened to our deal we had a deal man
we had a deal so it's gonna be
interesting to see what happens if that
deal goes down because I wonder if
boorish what's-his-name
Epstein borscht Epstein will have a job
anymore I mean there was a lot of give
here right we're gonna put boorish on
we're gonna give you better media
coverage what's the get and if they
don't get to get I mean I'd you probably
reduc was not just a cheap i right I
mean they were promised something and if
they didn't get it it's gonna be
interesting to see how they react to it
so agita he's out the door and in fact
servant of two masters indeed one of
them turns out to be a jerk there was an
orgy of corruption in my administration
that I had no part of so a July one rat
that's starting to at the very least
look for that that boat that life raft
and we're now seeing this and and that's
a fundamental policy impact of the
Democrats just not even winning of maybe
winning
Sinclair media was going to have the
most clearance of any independently
owned station group in the country they
were going to have something like 70%
coverage and I can assure you a lot of
that is in the Midwest and so people
were gonna go from listening to Hannity
and Levin in their car get out watch the
local news be watching essentially baby
fox and then turn on fox this is gonna
have this is this is a big deal that
this that this is query and look they're
still going to be investigations
occupies discovering yourself another
piece of evidence last week this coming
out of the texas tribune beta O'Rourke
revealed that he had raised ten point
four million dollars between April and
June in his bid to unseat Republican Ted
Cruz I don't know if he's gonna win but
some Democratic challengers raised two
three four even five times what the
Republican incumbent rivals did this is
in in Texas now usually what happens in
Texas is they raise so much money that
they actually spread it around the
country now the money is flowing the
other direction and we have stories
about the Senate races in Ohio and in
Wisconsin in Michigan and in Minnesota
where you had Democratic senators who
people were worried about
they have dumped something like eleven
million dollars already in Wisconsin to
unseat Tammy Baldwin and she's up by 11
points on the generic Republican are
still so there's real concern amongst
the Republicans that they're gonna take
a beating there's a special election in
Ohio let's take
place in the 12th congressional district
and I think it's happening in like three
weeks
August 7th it's a Republican district
but it's another one of those things
where the the Democrat and he's not he's
not progressive by he's not to the left
you know obviously of like a no AC but
this is a guy who's going out there in
vehement Lee protecting social security
in and Medicare now this guy running we
wouldn't pay but you know I'm saying
generically speaking someone running in
this district even last cycle not only
would we not be paying attention because
they'd have no chance they would have
already been talking about entitlement
reform would already be the headline so
now we're talking about somebody who's
gonna win and that they're talking about
protecting Medicare and Social Security
like not protecting it by cutting
protect me by making sure no no benefits
get cut that's a big deal across the
country Republicans are taking it on the
chin over two things infrastructure in
health care and and and this is what's
indicative of this we mentioned last
week that the Trump administration cut
funding for the Obama care there were
three different payments that went with
Obama care to insurance companies one
were the risk corridors one was risk
adjustment and one was subsidies based
upon individuals in terms of like a
certain share profits two of them have
expired one still remain so that because
part of it is because of the mandate but
broadly speaking insurance companies are
still getting used to who the people
they're going to be covering
in these exchanges and so there are
extra subsidies that provided for
depending on how sick the people are in
your risk pool the administration
suspended ten point five billion dollars
of payments to an insurance
they've also cut money for navigators
but that's a little bit more downstream
so you don't see that as much House Ways
and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady
Republican from Texas right where
they're getting slaughtered in terms of
fundraising where they are aware that
there actually may lose seats in Texas
said on Monday he's in talks with the
Trump administration about ways to
restart these payments you have
Republicans negotiating with the
administration to refund Obamacare right
now they are terrified so just the idea
that Democrats are going to perhaps win
in November is already causing policy
implications now these measures are all
sort of you know the chicken feed in
some respects although the the Sinclair
thing is not that's also one of those
things like you know I saved your life I
didn't kill you and these payments would
surely come back in time and we need a
much better system than Obamacare but
it's it's it's it's just a way of
getting a sense of what's going on and
as we get closer to the election and the
polling starts to reflect a better model
of who's gonna show up this race in Ohio
is a big deal that will also be another
bellwether how much can this Democrat
make up I don't know that they're gonna
win but how much they make up is going
to be interesting to see because that's
a very Republican district so it's gonna
be insane folks because the other thing
that
Mitch McConnell knows right and and how
let me just reiterate this again like I
do almost every day how it is that there
aren't thousands of people paid by the
Democratic Party to literally sit out in
front of Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell's
house car business families
get-togethers wherever it is and hold
them accountable for Donald Trump I
don't know but if Cavanaugh gets on that
Supreme Court they will dismantle the
what remains of the Voting Rights Act
and there will basically be a run across
the country to disenfranchise hundreds
of thousands if not millions of of
minority voters most of whom will vote
Democratic so you're talking about two
to three percentage points that could be
shaved off of Elections and that is
Wisconsin arguably was the difference
certainly in terms of numbers could be
the difference in Wisconsin in Michigan
you know we're talking about less than
1% of the electorate in those two places
its strategic white supremacy oh yes I
mean that's what it always is and I just
want to say just to register cuz this
will never happen but you know the the
sanctimony caucus like flake McCain to
some extent Susan Collins if you were
remotely serious about any of this you
would immediately become independents
caucus with Democrats and kill this
process not even because of an
ideological change but because you're so
offended by how compromised our country
has become and it's right thing I would
say I would say that that sentiment
which of course is something that we've
articulated for two years I mean even
during the election I think that
sentiment is now permeating wider circle
that's what I'm trying to feed it more
because I'm I'm I I am picking up more
of that like even people a year ago who
would say oh isn't it great that Jeff
Flake said that
right calling kids is bad right
are now actually saying maybe you need
to actually do something right
