at this time were there any private
applications of this essentially this
this large machine were were we're
private actors allowed into the system I
mean at what point does and I know that
as we move into the 70s and you we start
to have you know personal computers
essentially early in the early stage I
mean I you know am old enough to to know
that in high school the closest that we
had to personal computers was basically
a typewriter that had a an extended
monitor was really and then you could
actually save some data so I guess it
was some computing but yeah but but but
was there at that time any private
entities that were in any way accessing
this stuff or using it or how did that
sort of integration happen well yeah I
mean look it's it's it's a good question
I think it was a lot it was um look
almost immediately when ARPANET
technology this internet technology was
demonstrated and it began to connect
these different research centers and
military contractors around the country
and it would begin to be used to develop
new kind of technologies and and and
tools for the military people who were
involved in building this for ARPA you
know left and set up their own shops and
set up their own networking companies
that offered this to corporations
offered this technology to corporations
that and corporations large companies
took this took this technology and you
know use it to connect internal networks
and to use it to to digitize their
operations in a primitive way but you
know I mean I think the earliest stuff
was really a military and because there
was that was that that was a testbed and
I'd say the first deployment of this
technology in America
the civilian world or against the
civilian population I should say what
happened almost immediately so in 1969
the ARPANET went online and that year
already because you know there was a
very active anti-war movement and and a
big movement to to stop military
research on campuses you know students
at MIT and in harvard got their hands on
a research proposal that talked about
creating this cambrics project which
talking about creating this data
technology that could allow analysts to
ingest data on people in movements and
political movements and they got their
hands on the Reese on the proposal and
our proposal and they and then in the
text of it was very clearly a
counterinsurgency weapon an insert and
the database counterinsurgency weapon
that that its planners wanted to deploy
against third world countries where
there were there were were there
insurgent movements and so back then
they were they the students held
protests at MIT and and against the
ARPANET a month before I went online and
they warned that this is going to be
used to surveil you know to surveil
civilians and that it was going to be
deployed maybe overseas at first but
there was going to come back very
quickly and going to be used against
against civil rights activists and and
left-wing movements and progressive
movements in general in America and it
was a huge protest it was written up by
by it was written up in the press at the
time it lasted for for a month and there
was occupations of MIT of buildings on
campus so it was a pretty big thing and
of course these kids turned out to be
right because 1972 just three years
after the ARPANET went online it was
used to digitize surveillance files that
were illegally collected by the army on
millions of anti-war protesters and
civil rights activists in the 1960s and
the army was actually Congress force the
army to destroy them those files but
instead of destroying them they actually
digitized them and then used the ARPANET
to essentially make them permanent and
then make them accessible to the White
House to the NSA to the FBI to the CIA
to the Pentagon
and so three years after the ARPANET
went online it was used to spy on
Americans almost immediately and so the
this the surveillance aspect of it and
the domestic applicant
was was there from the beginning and and
in there from the beginning
it just wasn't it was it started as more
of a repository and I guess a function
of the data rather than the data
collection that it has now become on
some level right and and let me ask you
this when you know when we're talking
about initially in particularly in this
stage right before the the model of the
sort of I guess the the the dumb
terminal and the the the central server
is is developed how like how many people
or how many agencies you know are
actually connected by this like I mean
like what you're talking about without
my want years now I don't know I feel
like in the late sixties when you're
talking about this month this data
that's that's fed in there and is it
just that like a couple of the top
national security agencies or are they
at universities MIT have a connection to
that yeah so so it's some of the top
universities I guess that the technical
universities or I mean just how wide it
is widespread in an expands really
quickly because you know look you have a
major universities attached to it that
are doing that then most of them are
doing research on this on the ARPANET as
part of the ARPANET program and so they
have connections to it you have you have
the Pentagon connections connections to
it you have the N and NSA connection to
it starting in the early 70s you have an
airforce connection to it that was I
think almost from the very beginning and
you have other connections to it which
are basically unlisted there are there
are maps published and there are
discussions of it you know of the
different nodes and expansion of the
network and and the main thing is look
the internet with the ARPANET was
created as a general-purpose network
that could connect any kind of computer
right and it could also connect to any
other kind of network that was based on
the same
in protocol so you could take all the
ARPANET right and then you can connect
it to a different network that was ran
on the same kind of design and they
could communicate just like you know you
your local network your local ISP could
can communicate with them with an ISP in
China right because they're they
function on the same principle and so
they're intact they're interconnected
and so what would happen what started
happening very quickly when the ARPANET
design was shown to be very effective
was that the NSA and the Pentagon more
broadly would began to convert their
internal networks to the ARPANET design
and so and so they could those networks
were classified some of them some of
them were not classified but they could
connect to the to the actual ARPANET so
they could communicate through the sort
of unclassified ARPANET which was which
was a civilian network because it was it
did connect the universities right and
there wasn't like it wasn't a secret
network right but they could communicate
through that network so to secure
networks to communicate with each other
through the ARPANET and so there were
these other networks that would began to
be connected to it and and so the which
is exactly what kind of is happens today
you have there's portions of the of the
Internet or military networks that are
that are secret and that civilians can't
access them but they are connected to
the Internet and in certain exchanges
that are also secret obviously and so
look this is the Pentagon began to adopt
um the internet as its default
networking and telecommunications
infrastructure almost from the very
beginning and so but when as soon as it
was proven to be effective and so this
was something that this is something
that's been going on for 50 years
alright so so in and sort of I guess a
tangential question had because this is
relevant insofar as I think it it
undercuts the the posing I think on some
level of the the the
the libertarian to the extent that
there's a libertarian ethos in you know
Silicon Valley and I'm using Silicon
Valley you know broadly speaking core
I guess my question is to just sort of
expose the sort of hypocrisy of this is
that had this this the network protocols
the networking the design been developed
in the private in private industry
presumably there wouldn't be people who
would spin off of it and then go and
start up their own entities right I mean
it would have been someone would have
said this is our technology and you need
to do it through us essentially to be a
part of this right I mean we would add
yeah and okay so with that said let's
talk about how this technology does
migrate to to private corporations as
you know as we we get better I guess
more advanced technology and and and I
should also just remind people that the
point of this is because the structure
from a very beginning defines the way
the problems or defines I guess the
context in which we have problems with
the Internet today right I mean this is
the this is the point if I the DNA was
laid there and because it was used for
these purposes all of its use reflected
from there sort of has this DNA in it is
that a fair yeah yeah no look it's a
fair thing looks easy the internet was
developed as a military project right to
develop new kinds of to use computer
technology and networking knowledge to
create a management system for the
military that could help them run
operations in you know an on a global
scale right
and to create a kind of a radar system
for the world the way that you could see
and an aircraft moving across a radar
screen right you presumably would want
to have the same thing but for your
troops to understand what's going on to
understand all the conference in all
different places that America is
involved in as an empire to get to get
in a bird's-eye view of the world and
and and that's what it was that's what
the idea was behind it you know I don't
under kind of a high level of course the
tools at the time we're not would do not
allow that right away but that was the
that was the driving force and this
technology was built by a military
contractor so right away you had a
military design for this technology or
an intent the reason why I was being
funded as a pentagon project and then
you had it actually being built by a
military contractor and so already
there's this private public aspect to it
right from the very beginning that plugs
into the military industrial complex
the plug plugs into corporate America
and that plugs into you know Empire
management in the age of the Cold War
and so yeah it's it's it's there and
look the internet was privatized
starting in the late 80s and it's
finished in the mid 90s and that was a
various there was specific process that
actually very few people know about so
the National Science Foundation was
essentially tasked with bringing the
ARPANET right this military network that
was to connect attach to military
research to transfer to the civilian
sector and the way that it did that it
starting in the late 1980s was to was to
essentially behind closed doors without
really any public debate come up with a
plan that would fund a national internet
infrastructure and then but design it in
a way that as soon as it was
commercially viable that is as soon as
there were enough customers out there
that could sustain a business model for
Internet service providers the National
Science Foundation which is a federal
agency would privatize it too and so
that's exactly what happened starting in
beginning in the late 80s and concluding
in 1995 when it was when the National
find sound science foundation finally
got out completely of the network but
the Internet as the Internet as we the
the foundation of this civilian internet
right it was actually another government
network called the NSFNET the National
Science Foundation network that was
completely funded by the federal
government and privatized and it was
that was done explicitly that was that
was a plan and I even you know in my
book I even talked to a guy who you know
who privatized the internet and I asked
him like is it safe is it fair to call
you the man who privatized the Internet
and he had told me yeah it's it's fair
to say that and we don't even know who
this guy is
I mean ask ask ask any American you know
do you know the name of the guy who
privatized the Internet and you know you
would probably get it you know Sarah
back at you like they were
insane like what are you talking about
the internet was privatized was created
by but you know the the the brilliant
guys in Silicon Valley who innovated it
out of thin air but that's exactly what
happened and so it there's a couple of
steps to it it began as a military
project if the the technology was
absorbed into operational military
networks and and start in the late 70s
began became the foundation of military
telecommunication systems and as that
was happening the project was then
handed over to a civilian agency which
funded a national network that connected
all these universities and research
institutions and then privatized it to
companies that would later be absorbed
by the giant telecommunication companies
and become part of the ISPs that we all
use today and in this I mean this is the
and just to sort of give a sense of what
the alternate world could have been I
mean we had a situation where you have
these central servers right where these
are the information repositories and
then we have these terminals that people
access this information from afar as
opposed to a disaggregated system where
everybody has computer
power and there is no central terminal
and we now have that capacity on some
level but we're still sort of the the
the genetic structure I guess of the way
the internet was set up where where was
sort of Terminal based in a central and
it was centralized still remains and is
imprinted upon everything and that is
now where we have a situation where I
mean it seems to me that was the genetic
code that has led to the almost the the
concentration of power with what we
think with entities like Google or with
like Facebook or with the or or the
infrastructure itself where yes I can't
really communicate to anybody on the
internet without the government having
access and having access via really two
or three companies essentially right I
mean it's not it's not just that the
government is eavesdropping it's that
these there's there's such a
concentration of entities through which
I would communicate to other people
private entities that the government
just needs to go to two or three outlets
and say give us what you got exactly
yeah look I mean you're totally right
look there's a there's a certain DNA in
the way that it was the architecture of
the network which was again these
computers were expensive and and even
the way that the the the network was
structured you know the routers that
controlled the flow of traffic these are
you know pretty expensive computers
obviously not everyone could own one and
have them in a bedroom and that'd be
kind of ridiculous because it would be
you know you didn't need that many of
them but the structure of the Internet
as we have it today is also partially
because of the of the protocols and
because of over the original original
design but also its political right it's
very political and so there was a there
could have been a a world in which you
know in the late 80s when the federal
government began to create a civilian
national infrastructure where this
wasn't handed over to a bunch of private
companies and wasn't designed
privatised to be eventually privatized
but would be I don't know hand it over
to the Postal Service or something or or
handed over to municipalities right to
the some kind of democratic institutions
and public institutions that could
control chunks of the network and could
oversee those chunks of the network and
then have and have power over them right
and that maybe maybe on a state level
right I mean there's a lot of different
possibilities but those things were not
discussed because public ownership was
not something that was going to be
pursued in the Reagan years right
especially over new telecommunications
infrastructure that everybody back then
knew was going to be a huge moneymaker
everyone understood in the 80s that the
internet they are the NSFNET was which
was being privatized was going to that
is the new profit center and so this is
not going to be given over to a some
kinda municipal agency right it wasn't
going to be given to the post office
which Reagan was destroying right and
and and and gutting and and so at the
time all right so there are
possibilities where the the the the
original sort of military corporate
military structure of the internet could
have morphed into something a bit more
democratic right and but that didn't
happen obviously because of politics and
culture so that's a very big part of a
very big part of the story of the
internet so it's not just that there was
some kind of DNA in the internet and
then that you could it's immutable right
you couldn't really change it anymore
because that's just how it was and so we
almost have a like a fatalistic view of
this no I mean the society created this
technology and it had it has the power
to change it it still does but just the
cultural forces and the political
culture of the country I mean it was not
going to push it in that direction at
all because how could you all pull all
the political alignment was actually
privatizing everything and pushing
everything to the market sector and
gutting gutting public ownership of
resources and public and gutting public
oversight of undemocratic over cycles of
of the country right so um so I think
that's a big story that we don't really
know about the internet like basically
alternative
it's alternative futures maybe you know
I'm aware this internet could have gone
and this is something that we need to
think about because I think I mean we
shouldn't be fatalistic about this stuff
