[Music]
[Applause]
the people in the conference rooms we
must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex the majority report with sam
cedar it is Wednesday October 24th 2018
my name is Sam cedar this is the
five-time award-winning majority report
we are broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
distinguished professor of history of
Black Studies at the University of
Missouri
Devin Fergus on his book the land of the
fee hidden costs and the decline of the
American middle class also on the
program today one day after a bomb was
found in George Soros's mailbox bombs
found in mail to both Hillary Clinton
and Barack Obama and a pipe bomb just
found at CNN meanwhile the lives of the
lies about the caravan caravan almost
drowned out by the lies that there's a
new middle class tax cut
meanwhile Georgia Secretary of State
Brian Kemp fears the exercise of
people's right to vote and it turns out
he has a slight problem with a loan he
made to himself from his bank that he
owned he didn't pay back it's good to
use a good deal
nice good original concept there and I
see living it you can you can score it I
mean while early voting in Texas setting
records but will it matter and the Trump
administration politicizing
administrative judges on the board of
veteran appeals and white supremacist
Richard Spencer turns out to be just as
abusive to his own family as to anybody
else and the white house issues a
comedic Lee inept anti socialism screed
and grift update walk away walks away
from walk away and the Creation Museum
possibly headed to extinction all this
and more on today's majority report
ladies and gentlemen we will get to that
creationism museum story because
longtime listeners will know that this
has been one of my bailiwicks for a
decade in fact you know what maybe we
should even hold off on it until we dig
up I did a couple of phone calls to the
Creation Museum
I think the Answers in Genesis people I
think before it was even built and back
in the day when I used to make I
wouldn't call them prank phone calls
because I would very quickly at the
beginning of the call say that this was
being recorded for air and I would
introduce myself to as a reporter from
the majority report sometimes it was the
family reporter sometimes it was the
chastity reporter that gets you back in
the day if you said you were from the
majority
port and you're the chastity reporter
there was basically nothing you couldn't
get a fundamentalist Christian to tell
you even if they thought it was going on
air I had one guy tell me that he
thought a little bit of bullying of a
kid who might be a little bit gay in
school was okay but maybe upset us I
mean we'll dig those up but and then
when I launched this show this iteration
I think maybe there's even before you
were here Michael
I would read a listener had sent me I
can't remember who it was maybe it was
Kyle got me a book of the Creation
Museum and you know once a week I would
read a little segment of it so that
people could find out where stuff really
came from instead of all that mumbo
jumbo about coming from the water or
whatever it was and so the idea that the
creation museum may be in some way
faltering it's sort of fascinating
because you would think like all that
God stuff would be timeless but
apparently he gets a little boring after
about two or three years it's a lot of
competition - yeah but we will we will
get to that and of course we had that
report yesterday that the Hobby Lobby
family they they got ripped off and
bought five fraudulent torez essentially
Dead Sea Scrolls that turned out to be
not so much dead sea scrolls but they've
got money to burn and you got to
appreciate you got to appreciate when
the grifter gets grifted that is just
that's I mean that's what the stuff
movies are made out of folks and of
course that we will get to these stories
about the the these various bombs that
are found you know disturbing super
disturbing we will get there in a bit
should just tell you one of today's
sponsors is news
dot-com / majority you all know about in
fact I just wrote a really interesting
piece by Matthew Iglesias he's got those
guys at boxer are writing some good like
sort of a cultural type of pieces these
days that I'm enjoying and and this one
he talks about the Hat gap which is a
you know another one of my bailiwicks
which is you know the the liberal media
back in the day when we used to talk of
like the center center left media was
cowering from the right I'm talking
about the arts of course and and on the
left there was no there was no version
of Rush Limbaugh I mean we certainly
tried to build something akin to that
there's no Rupert Murdoch ever there's
never been a left-wing version of Rupert
Murdoch I don't know that you could have
one but there isn't even a functional
equivalent never mind you know you know
the same sort of qualities but there's a
new media company that's come up with
their own response to some of these
problems it's called news voice it's an
app for ios and android which you can
access for free if you go to news voice
comm / majority and it gives you a
personalized news feed by aggregating a
mix of mainstream media sources
international sources and independent
media sources this is actually like it
would be a good thing to turn on if you
have a friend who or family member only
will listen to the fox news or watches
fox news or reads fox news this would be
a good sort of like sneaky way of
getting some daylight into their dark
dankey media new news sources because
multiple sources are provided for each
news story the entire app is fueled by
crowdsourcing you can upload stories you
think are important so more people will
see them you can add stories to the app
or you can add a source that's missing
for a story it's meant to be a
completely open and democratized news
that lets you get every side of every
story I also have video interviews
series of featuring guests from Chris
Hedges to Alexa Alexandria Acacio Cortez
go download the app for free at news
voice dot-com slash majority put a link
under this video if you're watching on
YouTube and or if you're listening you
can find it in our in our podcast
description that is news voice comm
slash majority alright let's get to this
this was pretty stunning obviously we
are now less than two weeks away from
the election the president is lying
about a caravan that is I don't know a
thousand miles from the border of the US
but they're coming here quickly they're
walking at a fairly brisk pace for your
lake house yes exactly to challenge the
Constitution and of course they
apparently are not only coming to invade
the country but also to pass a
middle-class tax cut that Congress
hasn't even contemplated that is
according to the president but still
dealing with the implications of the
Saudis being bold enough to kill a u.s.
resident and fairly well-known columnist
in the Washington Post in their embassy
because he was critical of them which
gives you a sense of how sometimes these
things happen where leaders from foreign
countries feel like Oh
the US has basically said the gloves are
off we have no handcuffs on us anymore
we can do whatever we want and then they
sort of get it wrong
we have a history of stuff like this
going awry when that happens
check out the 91 invasion of Kuwait by
Saddam Hussein as a starter or the
Israelis heading up I think it was into
Lebanon again
and and basically also exiting Gaza
unilaterally in creating another mess
there
but here's Donald Trump being asked
about the his perspective on the
Khashoggi murder at this point where it
has become increasingly clear that he
was murdered
and here well increasingly clear in
terms of I mean it's quite clear to
everyone who doesn't want you know who
doesn't have a vested interest in
pretending otherwise but even in the
context of those who do it's becoming
you know clear that they can't maintain
this charade anymore and here's Donald
Trump expressing why they had a very bad
original concept it was carried out
poorly and the cover-up was one of the
worst in the history of cover-ups it's
very simple
bad deal should have never been thought
of somebody really messed up and then
the worst cover-up ever and where it
should have stopped is at the deal stand
point what they thought about it because
whoever thought of that idea I think is
in big trouble
that they should be in big trouble I did
they tell him don't refer to anything
that actually happened just call it a
deal I don't understand what what is the
what what is what are they talking about
what he's trying to do there I think is
first I think he's genuinely offended by
how bad the cover-up was this is a guy
spent a lot of time around Nicky Scarfo
and other really reputable members of
organized crime and the Saudis are
literally in the process of doing like
yeah it's just this weird rogue hit
squad that had no connections to any
senior leadership and bad ideation so
he's sure he's actually I might I think
he's still trying to give them cover
those those grooves are worn so deeply
in his brain also that every
is a deal to him it it sounded like he's
on set it sounded like he was on set at
the apprentice and basically talking
about like some attempt to sell you know
hot dogs in Times Square like hey I mean
yes anyway it was executed poorly the
prints I mean the first couple of uh
contests you were so good you did a
great job on Yemen you had a great photo
on Instagram with the rock I don't know
what happened with you it was bad at the
ideation standpoint is there a heated
ice cream spoon that you have to keep
plugged into the wall I'm just not
buying I'm just I'm not seeing it so
Mohammed bin Salman you find it really
did sound like that it's almost like we
got to address this but you can't say
anything of actually what happened this
is like what the one thing I can do
don't worry I got it first of all
everybody can agree it was a bad deal
bad deal finally morally executed poorly
executed sorry
no pun intended yeah this is a type of
deal you could have easily set up a fake
car accident I mean there's a lot of
traffic blame it on that booth blame it
on a woman driver I mean I mean could it
men that could reinforce the whole point
of Saudi policy I mean you guys just
weren't thinking frankly it was a mess
Mohammed so what I don't understand what
are they wouldn't what does he think
that they're setting up I mean they're
obviously they're saying like there's
weather came up with the idea is gonna
be in big trouble and that's gonna be
some guy like one of the guys who came
into 15 guys that's what he's saying his
rogue idea was a bad deal that's what
he's saying right but no one's going to
believe that like who is this well or
what who it's for potentially is the
king has actually been coming back into
public you know he's very old and he
hasn't been on TV much cuz that they
give it all to the prince he's coming
back and being like alright I'm still in
control here so it's possible that the
substantive thing is that this might be
it for the Prince monarchies oh yeah is
that real I think I mean not not I'm not
saying it's likely I'm not saying I put
money on it but there is a tangible I
don't understand if he under
cuts if they say this isn't the Saudi
system this kid is out of control and
he's nuts
is it possible he's doing it for his
base as well no because they hate the
media and journalists I just don't I
just don't think that the yeah but I
don't think that the the base isn't
thinking the base is like because he
implied yet that the journalists
deserved it and all the other
journalists better watch what they say
no all right fair although I did it was
interesting the Saudi foreign minister
went on Fox for his first interview in
the US but that's just because Trump
will be watching all right we got to
take a quick break we'll be right back
after this
you
[Music]
well you're back Sam cedar on the
majority report on the phone it is a
pleasure to welcome to the program the
Arve e strickland distinguished
professor of history and black studies
at the university of missouri and the
author of land of the fee hidden costs
and the decline of the American middle
class Devin Fergus welcome to the
program Devin pleasure to be with you
Sam I wish it could be on a bit brighter
topic and subject but I was a pleasure
Tina knows well let's I mean why what
what was it that led you to to look at
well maybe we should define fees first
just so that we get a sense of what
we're talking about
sure absolutely uh I mean I use this
definition of fee so so by fees I'm
talking about any cost or expense which
is in addition to to principle the
private sector for instance plays a kind
of a shell game in order to sort of
circumvent and regulators often and so
for instance though when let us say when
petty loans sort of first sort of hit
the mark in the neck early 1990s one of
the ways in which they tried to
circumvent especially sort of state it's
a little federal regulators by saying no
no we don't charge interest rates so
this isn't Ussuri these are actual fees
these are sort of administrative cost
administrative fees and so and so again
the use my my my use and application of
fee is is sort of an MA and experiment
with anything that's in addition to
actually addition to principal so for
instance an origination fee as I gave
the example with the payday loan
industry could many times really be a
fee as a de facto APR interest rate
default fees or prepayment penalty fees
that you would find inferences in
subprime mortgages so these fees come in
all kinds of shapes and sizes and colors
but in it's an effect new thing as in
began beyond a principal loan amount
well and we see fees in the in the in
the public sector right fee as is sort
of proxy of
for taxes and so we had that kind of
brief conversation if you went to as
well I mean I I remember that
back in the day when Mitt Romney was
governor of Massachusetts and he
promised no new taxes and then he just
basically instituted a ton of new fees I
mean the big problem it seems to me with
fees as opposed to taxes is that fees
are far more regressive in terms of a
form of revenue for the government and
also far less guest transparent did you
hit the nail on the head I was gonna I
was gonna way with the transparency but
you already did it
precisely far less transparent oh and
often we found with these um-um that
they're often difficult and what's a
possible opt-out okay so the implication
would fee is that the fee is sort of
item driven but we know let's say for
higher education so the state of
California may not raise this tuition
but they sure as heck raise their fees
I'm a university professor a student
said the University of Missouri have to
pay tuition but there's also there's
these there are these in cost fees and
if they don't pay the fee the user fee
they cannot sit in my classroom and so
the implication is that fees are are
sort of an itemized sort of thing ala
carte sort of thing but in reality these
fees are often so critical integrated to
the cost of a product and it's
impossible to opt out of in the same way
that that off the taxes are so
absolutely right so okay so you've I
mean I feel like you have already half
answered this but just give us a sense
of the the the the size of and the
importance of these fees in a broader
story for particularly the middle class
sure and so we find is that again the
the cost of these fees so gar a cost
over two trillion dollars / / / US
health I mean they're not for use also
for the for the US
and so and broke it down to let's say an
individual I mean individual median
income eats up Elise almost half of
their of their income and so we're
talking about particularly fees and this
is a to to point out Sam my work release
it often fees and critical errors upper
mobility so I'm not necessarily talking
about let's say a cable user fee and
something like then that's then that's
important a significant or cell phone
phone feet got wrote a piece a few years
ago forty year times about the rise of
phone fees but I'm primarily talking
about fees or our essential areas of a
mobility fees associated and then things
I house higher education fees that are
linked to a link to employment and we
could sort of talk about the ways in
which a private sector the mostly big to
the common response to issue the wage
stagnation and then what takes us from
home to school and work fees that are
associated to transportation
particularly employers want people with
quote reliable transportation ie a car
and that's what employers remember our
transportation and then there are fees
that are associated with again the
automobile particularly or insurance
fees and so what we find is that that
says they have fee sort of escalated in
all areas but particularly these four
spheres in which have been critical
upward mobility housing education and
employment and what takes us from home
to school and work the automobile and in
these fees have created obstacles for
the barriers were entering into the
middle class and they've also worked to
actually erode the middle class and in
various ways let's talk about this is
timely I think my audience is aware that
I had a debate with a guy who I don't
know you may be familiar with he spends
a lot of time on college campuses from
turning-points USA about sort of the
about the middle class and and some of
these things particularly we we we got
into the the the housing crisis and the
financial the subsequent financial
crisis in 2008
and let's talk about housing first in
terms of these fees and what the
implications are and and and how in many
respects I mean I am familiar with some
aspects of how the fees drove this
crisis and that we've talked about on
this program both I think in the
origination of mortgages but also even
in the wake of the crisis the allure of
fees for a lot of these banks was
greater than their desire to to refine
to refinance or two - I should say amend
existing mortgages under HAMP but tell
us where where fees play the most impact
in the the the story of sir prime sure
absolutely and so we found with for
instance the arouser to the subprime
mortgage market is that all of these the
subprime mortgage loans or products
