talk about something else that is
accrued to someone else's benefit store
me what's it what's your last name
stormy Daniels stormy Daniels now so
everybody knows this story I believe and
there's more coming out but stormy
Daniels is an adult film actress and
supposedly I guess it was back in 2006
2006 she allegedly had an ongoing affair
with Donald Trump which I know is sir
just gross to even have to articulate
but and the idea being supposedly the
reason why this is they're so worried
about this being such a bombshell is
that because Donald Trump was married at
the time and this isn't a this an
illicit affair and shocked yeah I do
like she must be the only one he ever
had an affair with him must maybe it was
true love and it is so compelled but
nevertheless um what has come out and is
that there was an interview that she
gave back in 2011 before she signed an
NDA which apparently was signed in the
waning weeks of the 2016 election this
is also strange in the waning weeks of
the 2016 election like literally with
weeks to go she was paid a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars through a
Delaware based LLC which is in you you
incorporate or you form an LLC I'm not
sure if it was an S corp ARELIS Lee but
nevertheless you you do this in Delaware
because it affords you a lot more
anonymity than doing it in some other
state now apparently Trump's lawyer
Cohen not that bright could have had a
representative didn't want to so there's
obviously the pretty easy to trace it to
him
but there's a couple questions here and
I posed them to you Digby hey where did
the money come from
be what is it that she's getting paid
for like there's a 2011 interview out
there detailing the fact that they had
an affair and so I mean presumably
somebody knew this this could have been
dug up what is it that she's actually
being paid to keep quiet is a question
and here's another question for you I'm
sitting here and I'm looking at a list
of what you've written the past week on
salon and as I'm scrolling through you
know there's the the who gave the money
to the NRA to help Trump we can talk
about that because the NRA spent an
enormous amount of money for them in
this race in a race that everybody
presumed that Donald Trump was losing
and that's not you have to wonder like
where did they get that money that
they're willing to expend but the next
thing is is still sloppy Steve Bannon
now Trump's biggest problem and it
occurs to me where did this story come
from and now it's the bottom is out in
the outside like where did this story
come from so well you know we needed or
me yeah I we look at a Steve Bannon I
mean is that you Steve Bannon doing this
is stormy thing well you know I don't
know it's very interesting I mean the
story and the story broken a Murdock
paper right I mean it was in in in the
Wall Street Journal
it was those reporters in the Wall
Street Journal who dug up this this news
this this these facts that showed that
Trump's lawyer Michael Cohen had paid
off stormy Daniels in the days before
the election in 2016 and then they dug
up these details that you just outlined
about that incorporating in Delaware and
he incorporated two different companies
and then only ended up using one and
nobody really understands why etcetera
etc very interesting now youyou posed a
question why he didn't find someone else
you know some kind of a cutout to do
this which would have made this very you
know very hard to trace who who it was
my personal belief is because he didn't
trust anybody
there was nobody they could trust with
this information which which indicates
to me that the inference that what is B
covered up and what yeah the other
question you posed why would they do
this I me was already out in the
election you know during the cycle that
he had treated women like pigs and that
he would treated he walked into the
dressing rooms of the Miss USA pageant
and you know etc etc I mean this was not
a stir I mean a porn star coming forward
at the end of the you know of the cycle
I don't know that in saying why would
Donald try had an affair with Donald
Trump ten years ago sigh everybody would
have gone yeah well what else is new
right I mean it just seems to me like
there that wouldn't have been something
that would have required them to go to
great lengths to try and cover that
particular thing up when it when
everything else that was out there was
already out there right right so
apparently news a lot of news
organizations had been working on this
they had Fox News had the story slate
had the story there were a number of
them who were out there and obviously
the Wall Street Journal and and they
didn't go with it because she ended up
not you know she signed this
non-disclosure agreement took the money
we would we now know and that was the
end of that but you know as you point
out this story was already out there in
touch had written about it in 2011 and
you know there was actually more to the
story at which we've just found out last
night that stormy Daniels had been some
had she's from Louisiana and she had
remember the David Vitter story you know
where he got caught by the DC madam and
the reason all him diaper Dave right he
had been using and he was a you know
nice right-wing Christian boy who had
been you know wearing diapers and had
been you know this was his tank and all
of that was revealed he was a senator
from Louisiana he's now a lobbyist of
course it stormy Daniels decided she was
going to run against him in Louisiana
packed back then in 2006 and she started
talking to a bunch of political people
in Louisiana she did a little bit she
was pretty serious she did a listening
tour she was going to be in politics and
in the course of that she told other
people about Donald Trump and the affair
that they had and gave some details
about
that affair that showed that Donald
Trump he may not have been wearing
diapers but he was a little more kinky
than anybody knew in fact she tells one
story she told one story that he liked
to be spanked and that he was like
wanted her to spank him with a copy of
Forbes magazine that had his picture and
pictures of his kids on the press and
people went back and looked and there
was such a Forbes magazine at success
right in the time period we're looking
at it right now nah not presumably the
actual magazine that spanked his ass but
right the facsimile of the cover can I
take a moment to gloat about how close I
was yesterday and my guess Jaime had him
pegged as Spanky Spanky guess play so
we'll see well yeah who knows what he
needs to you know to get him excited he
did tell stormy Daniels that you know
she reminded him of his daughter yes
that was in the intouch interview that's
not any case you know setting aside I
mean yeah you know I can't help with a
woman you always you always look to have
a relationship with a woman who reminds
you of your daughter yeah that's so
normal well you know I you know you
can't help but enjoy all this just on
the purely you know kind of a sick and
twisted side of Donald another sick and
twisted side of Donald Trump but there's
a bigger issue here and I think it's
really what makes this story something
that goes beyond just you know our own
period interest and that is the fact
that Donald Trump has been you know
accused of potentially having been
compromised by the Russian government
and that was in steal dossier that was
the big salacious detail about that he
had been filmed with prostitutes when he
was there in 2013 and for the Miss
Universe pageant right and that's been
the detail that he has denied most
vociferously
right I mean he has been absolutely I
would never do and he said he wouldn't
do that because he's a germaphobe and
everybody knows
that a germaphobe would never do you
know some kind of humiliating degrading
dirty thing like what is alleged in the
steel dossier well what does this story
about stormy Daniels does reveal and you
know there seems to be so much evidence
that it actually happened that I you
know I'm going to go ahead and say it
happened is that Donald Trump was having
sex with adults with an adult film
actress and according to stormy Daniels
in the intouch interview he did not use
protection and that indicates to me that
his his excuse about being a germaphobe
doesn't hold water that at least when it
comes to sex Trump is not someone who is
adverse to you know exposing himself to
germs let's put it that way
stormy Daniels is is you know she
performed in in pornography and had many
many partners so and now we find out
through this other story that's gotten
out about her Louisiana Senate run that
he had some kinky habits this means that
you know I had never thought before that
much about the golden showers story I
didn't care about a lot here we here we
have Trump paying off maybe a porno
actress a week before the election and
now we know that he is one who was you
know involved in some sexual escapades
that were you know we're kinky so you
know just lends credence to that story
that wasn't there before
I don't sorry I don't want to be a
killjoy but I just want to remind folks
that the testing standards for people in
the adult film community are actually
quite high Oh without are but yeah but
but a germophobe regardless of what I
mean a germaphobe you would imagine
would not be as would have some
reluctance to the guy who says he can
only eat fish fillets because he knows
that he won't be poisoned you know
fillet of fish from McDonald's because
he won't be poisoned that's his excuse
anyway
no of course I mean stormy Daniels I'm
sure she's perfectly healthy it's just
that someone you know Trump someone like
Trump if he is this kind of germaphobe
that he purports to be that would be in
my view that would be something I used
to do I used to go over a lot of the
health reports and so I was familiar
where of the fact that that and in that
industry that folks get checked out so
but but but when did I mean he wasn't
necessarily trying to hide anything
because it would undercut a defense
about the steel dossier because that
hadn't come out really had it had that
come out the pede stuff had not come out
prior to the election it had not come
out he knew about it they had they had
remember James Comey came and pulled him
aside and told him and they certain they
knew about it no but that'll work but
until after he was elected Comey didn't
go to him until after he was elected so
I mean to pay off stormy Daniels
beforehand was not a I can't get it out
there that I'm not actually a germaphobe
it is there had to be whatever it was
that she was going to tell had to be you
know important enough for him to drop
that type of cash if it was his you know
in that last week or two I'm just I'm
surprised by that I just like they're
just I'm just surprised that you know I
don't know it there's something about it
that that just doesn't track and I just
don't know what it is but you know they
all thought that they that he wasn't
gonna win maybe they felt like I got to
pay another 120 thousand dollars to
maintain within a six point you know
difference or them you know like I just
can't there's something in there that
just doesn't track and that's what I'm
finding so confusing about it and I also
again I wonder you know is this the only
if they're in the habit of paying
$130,000 to to a
adult film actress so that she isn't
talking I mean we do believe that they
didn't pay anybody else and it'll
benefit they paid a hundred women yeah
well that's the thing is that like I
can't I keep coming back to look Steve
ban would have known about this right I
mean he is he is he is running the
campaign at that point he would have
known about this this would have been
something that would have been not just
brought to Trump because Trump would
have been like what whatever he would
have known about this and the fact that
he's on the outside and all of a sudden
we know about this story right as
opposed to some other story just leads
me to believe that there's something
here that that I don't know maybe I'm
just a little bit too conspiratorial
mind abilities but I just think that
look Steve the idea that Steve Bannon is
not out there now every day every waking
moment thinking about what he can do to
screw over these people is hard for me
to you know it right I mean I know it
and I mean I wrote that in the piece
that I wrote about sloppy Steve's you
know he had this strange you know
session with the House Intelligence
Committee this week in which he
allegedly claimed executive privilege
and then the White House says no we
never told him that we just told him to
you know be discreet and it's went back
and forth it's very complicated but in
the course of this thing where we're
abandoned in there for 10 hours and he's
refusing to talk and had to subpoena him
and all that he lets slip one little
thing and oops the one little thing that
he let slip was that he'd had a
conversation with Spicer Priebus and
Mark Carillo who ended up quitting over
the cover-up he was the legal spokesman
the hand a conversation with him with
them about the Trump Tower meeting oops
you know I mean it's like one of those
things where I wouldn't I'll and I said
this in my piece for someone I'm going
yeah what's the likelihood that he would
by mistake drop a hint that he knows
things about the central issue involved
in the campaign committing collusion
with the Russian government just that
one little thing is the only thing oops
gosh I did I say that you know
so yeah I think you're right I think
that Bannon may vary you know the whole
tone of my piece was about you know I'm
going why would you with Gino here you
have a guy who knows everything you
insult and you find out that he's been
loose lipped with Michael Wolfe instead
of just saying oh the book is fiction
Steve Bannon didn't say that stuff or
whatever or that crazy Steve you know he
says crazy stuff all the time and just
let it go
instead calling him saying he's lost his
mind and then getting him fired and
losing his place in the movement that he
helped create you know a man with a lot
of ammunition and nothing to lose is a
very dangerous man right and that to me
sounds like him signaling to them I you
know I think you and I spoke about this
on Ring of Fire I think I think Bannon
knows like hey man I'm not going in and
telling the that congressional committee
anything because I know how much it gets
back to the White House
I'll just way I get to Muller so that
nobody in the White House knows what I'm
willing to say to Muller and on top of
that like it's quite possible that this
whole stormy Daniels thing is also him
basically signaling like hey guys don't
forget I know where all the Barrett the
bodies are buried
and you know that's a good point I
hadn't thought about that but it sure
does make sense doesn't it why now why
not why are we finding out about this
now
you know who's who's tipping off the
Wall Street Journal look look there was
10,000 LLC's filed that day that day in
Delaware and you don't just randomly
come across these LLC's unless somebody
has told you to look there so somebody's
telling them right they have a source on
this this is not we just did some you
know just dug this up like hey maybe
there was an LLC in Delaware filed you
know weeks before the election to keep
somebody who had already done an
interview you know from talking like
they got a tip and it's just right now
you got a bet like if somebody had that
tip then why wait a year to tell them
about it
right I mean so I get a feeling that
that's coming from Bannon and in and
there's a reason why that there's
information there that they are that
they're probably sweating a little bit
in the White House right now and it's
not just that you know I don't think
Melania is like oh my god
Donald hasn't been faithful to me now
maybe I don't want to be a cynic folks
boy and I would be equally surprised if
she cared frankly yeah hi folks Sam
cedar here we still need your help on
our patreon page YouTube ABS have come
back but not nearly as much as we had
before so if you can help us out any
little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
