we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex dama chard a report with sam
cedar it is Tuesday October 23rd 2018 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority reporting we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
khashoggi body parts supposedly found in
the Saudi embassy in Istanbul as aired
Awan says the whole thing was planned a
meanwhile Republicans need a caravan
just to carry their lies and it's 13
days until Election Day though polls and
early voting numbers start to come in
meanwhile a New Hampshire voting
restrictions struck in Georgia voting
restrictions working overtime Supreme
Court shields Wilbur Ross from
testifying about the censuses attack on
immigrants and the Bible Museum in
Washington conned proving there's no
trust amongst grifters and the Trump
administration continues it's all
assault on health care
and three proud boys are arrested and
charged for assault in New York and
meanwhile Trump administration starts to
attack trans rights and a bomb is found
in George Soros's mailbox happy Tuesday
everyone all this and more on today's
majority report yes folks back from the
west coast Brenda and I were out there
at this weekend for politican which I
thought John Fugelsang there and he had
the best description of it for me he
said it's like comic-con but with a lot
less integrity and he he was right it
was a it was a bit of a freak show I
mean it was nice there were there were
plenty of fans out there of the majority
report and of of TPMS and anti-fat on of
course literary hangover which was nice
to connect with some of those people
it was also super creepy to be you know
walking around and seeing Bill Kristol
walk by or Ann Coulter or some guy
wearing a three-cornered hat wearing a
full Patriots outfit and not being for
the Patriots the football team I mean if
you do if you dress up like that as a
mascot that's ID you know okay I mean
theoretically right you're getting paid
for it and it's it's it's dung
tongue-in-cheek but there was there was
a lot of that in him but it was just
it's very creepy to be walking around I
find I don't like you know walking
around folks like Bill Kristol I mean if
he won't you know obviously he needs to
walk and he's allowed to walk
but I own guilt or II yeah there's like
a there's an expectation in and I don't
you know you know I don't want to I
don't put the you know the the people
who work on the conference on the spot
you know they're just volunteers but
when they're like oh do you want to say
hello and I'm like absolutely not no
actually people fall in tier to work at
this thing well I don't know if they're
volunteers I don't know think they're
volunteers but they they they're just
people who go to work I don't think they
do it for free
no I think they get paid what I need a
but I mean like they're they're people
they're not they don't work for the
venue I think they work different I was
talking to somebody who's like I wasn't
gonna do this one then I decided to do
it and so volunteers the wrong word I
was gonna ask who pays to go to this
thing
a lot of people I don't know and but it
was it was strange the whole thing was
strange we did two panels one was on
Mike Pence and it was really not so much
on Mike Pence as much as or directly on
Mike Pence as much as it was on the
question of like would it be worse to
have Mike Pence as VP and actually our
guest from on Monday show the
pre-recorded Anand Anand gear dhatus was
on that panel at least Jordan who had
worked for condi rice and now actually
makes a point of saying that she don't
longer identifies as a Republican and
the author of a of a biography on Mike
Pence and he was interesting we may have
him on Mike Pence is a sort of a
terrifying figure according to his
biographer he is the most powerful he is
the I want to say he is the the
theocratic aend more power in America
than any other theocratic ountry or he's
the most theocratic
to attain that type of power I mean he's
full-on theocratic and I think I knew
that but I didn't hear it quite as
explicitly and that was actually an
interesting conversation I think and and
we had another one the should we be
socialist panel that had no socialists
on it and I think when she decide well
the interesting thing is that there was
nobody arguing for you know because
there was no socialists on the panel no
one came out and said we should be
socialists I think this panel is gonna
be running on c-span at one point but
the argument sort of broke down more
into sort of like tactics and I feel
like it was an interesting crew of
people Bakari sellers Markus milita's
Kyle kolinsky David Pakman and Ana
Kasparian and much of it sort of fell
along the lines of of of tactics and you
know should Joe Manchin I don't know
what there was should Joe Manchin
everybody agreed that Joe Manchin should
be primary but then after that there was
some other sort of like we need to get
rid of Joe Manchin and then it was
unclear to me how that would happen
outside of a primary but there was a
there was a lot of that which is not to
say that people were defending Joe
Manchin but I think the argument was in
terms of well I don't know I don't know
what the argument was really I mean and
I was the moderator so that was I did my
best and but but it was interesting
nevertheless and that would there was a
lot of people there and Kyle kolinsky
had a huge fan contingency there and
then on Sunday I debated charlie Kirk
from turning-points USA and I you guys
played the clip of him freaking out with
uh with jank with jank we also played
him demand the banking war
okay so late
in the program probably in the fun half
we will I think we're gonna do the whole
debate at an accelerated speed like
literally run the debate at like one
point three times speed but we'll do
some running commentary like a DVD extra
I will say this though just to give you
a sense so I the only thing I saw that
debate I mean I think we saw like like 5
minutes of the debate with Hasan
which is where actually charlie lost it
with with jank I guess in the question
answer period but that was the only clip
that I had really seen because it was on
Twitter and so I and we had a fan sent
me a link it's not hard to find a link
to the turning points USA tax filings
and it's a 990 form and you can see it
for the whole years and so I wrote I had
some notes and they were just basically
you know things to remember to bring up
and I and I probably should have
organized them different cuz there were
some things I forgot but on the outside
of these notes I wrote TP USA 990 form
yes that's a 990 a and I don't know
during the debate you can see I'm like
flashing it like this and before the
debate when I you know when we met
Charlie I I asked him about I said yeah
I heard you got into big squabble
yesterday with what jank and he said
yeah and I said what was it about your
pay there's nothing like that and he
said yeah yeah we were talking about ok
and then I go because I looked up your
tax filings and it's pretty amazing for
million dollar budget you can only make
$27,000 a year he's like yep and I was
like for 65 hours a week boy you should
see somebody about a raise and then he's
like well actually no it's more now and
I said oh so you gotta raise this year
and he goes in and in 2017 it was
$49,000 I'm but well that's not what it
says in your 990 he's thanking me yeah I
should talk to my accountant I'm like
yeah you should and then I said and I
also noticed that you're shipping your
postage it's two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a year that's a lot of
money on postage he's like yeah we send
out a lot of kits to colleges oh my god
and one point 1 million dollars for
travel I do think I mean it probably
would be a bit of a favor for Charlie on
some level because it sounds like his
accountant may have messed up on that
pay thing maybe I looked at it wrong but
I was pretty sure it was - 2017 990 and
you can ask for more audited expenses I
think that's public because it is a
tax-exempt organization because they
don't do any campaigning supposedly and
so that was it was it was fun just
telling him that you should probably get
his accounting done but that was that
was all behind the scenes stuff and you
know I was just joking around with a guy
and he's he's very well behaved offstage
yeah leave it on the field
yo yeah Lee totally leave it on the
field and but so we will go through the
the debate later oh boy yeah that should
be fun
I'll give you a sense of what I was
thinking and I have to say like I don't
know if people have seen it and they may
skip our assessment of it but I would
say I give myself a b-plus I feel like
there's a couple things I could have
done better and then there are things I
could have done you know you know it
would have had to have hit like a Grand
Slam
so you know - the Grand Slam there was a
couple of points I think I could have
done a little better but overall I think
I did
fairly well and I think it's uh this is
actually this is someone clipped this
this was a fun part so there was a
segment during the debate and it was
this the bank I don't know what this
isn't bacon yeah yeah what I mean there
were a couple of places during the
debate we'll go through this in real
time but Charlie seemed to be a little
bit confused about how banks make money
and the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau the reason why Republicans
ostensibly
want to get rid of it is because it's
too independent because Congress does
not fund it so they can't inhibit its
operations by cutting its funds which is
what the Republicans want to do because
it's funds have we're set up in such a
way to insulate it from those kind of
attacks by lawmakers who may want to
help out the big banks the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and I got
this number wrong during by a by a 0 by
a factor of 10 since 2011 really I guess
for the last four five years after that
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
saved consumers almost thirteen billion
dollars billions with a B and the
funding to operate the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau comes from
fees paid by banks not unlike the FDIC
which is you know sort of which is
basically depositor insurance federal
government backstop sit but there's some
fees associated with it but and the way
a bank makes money is they loan out
money at an interest rate higher than
the interest rate they give their
depositors there's that arbitrage and
they make that money in between often a
bank will loan out even more money than
they have but there are capital
requirements that the US government
insists upon so that you don't loan
- too much money that you don't have
nevertheless those fees are paid by the
profits the banks make the Delta between
what they pay out an interest in what
they take in an interest charlie didn't
seem to have a really tight grip on that
uh money he doesn't just sit there in
the back so so somebody took a small
clip of that audio wizard rumsfeld again
lizard rumsfeld roseville and he player
on twitter yeah this is pretty good
and as you know or may not know I play
Hugo on the show Bob's Burgers and
here's a scene that lizard lizard'
Rumsfeld took the audio and put it into
a scene with Hugo and Bob what is the
budget it is completely funded by fees
that they get from the bank no okay so
so forcibly take money you were not to
say forcibly take money from depositors
which is not actually how that works
that is really good Oh folks do you ask
we just got our box today incidentally
do you love the thrill of an escape
escape room I don't know if you've ever
been to escape room I have not I want to
though this is high on my list where you
are looking for clues and solving
puzzles
well now you can bring the mystery home
with Hunter Killer Hunter Killer is a
monthly subscription where you become a
detective immersed in a murder mystery
each month a fictional serial killer
will send you cryptic clues objects in
letters that you can actually use to
solve the crime in real time this may be
something I actually could do with my
Lois you might this might be fun
actually to do with you kid if they're
old enough I don't feel like I would do
it over the five year old I feel like
that might be a little scary it's so
interactive that it feels real perfect
to play solo on a date for a game night
with friends or join their online
community and work with other people who
are at the same point in the story as
you are
we just got the box literally it showed
up today and I'm going to take this home
and I'm I'm pretty excited to do this
actually it's not I don't get a lot of
opportunity to do fun things right now
just for our listeners you can go to
hunter-killer dot-com slash majority for
10% off your first box
they only accept 200 members per day so
hurry to take advantage of this offer
that's hunter-killer dot-com slash
majority for 10% off your first box
hunter-killer dot-com / majority check
it out also today's show gets support
from third love third love is a company
to use millions of real woman's
measurements third love designs its bras
with breast size and shape in mind for
an impeccable fit and incredible feel
they got cups from A through H and bands
up to 48 third love offers double the
number of sizes that most other brands
offer plus their brands their bras
rather feature tagless labels meaning no
itching that seems to me to be obvious
to all bras not do that know many most
bras have itchy labels oh my god that's
ridiculous
they have straps that won't slip they're
lightweight super thin memory foam cups
in an ultra soft smoothing fabrics check
out the new cotton collection which was
created as a result of customer requests
for especially soft breathable bras and
underwear you'll want to wear everyday
and remember if for some reason you
don't love their product returns and
exchanges are free and easy now folks I
don't wear bras and so I had a friend
check some of these out this is what she
wrote and she's she's extremely fashion
conscious okay she says I like that they
don't have a zillion options so it's
easy to choose something quickly the fit
is great I usually have to return most
bras I order
online even though they're in my size I
ordered two and both fit that almost
never happens
super comfortable for an everyday bra
but not as boring as most t-shirt bras
what our t-shirt bras it's like a plain
seamless bra you wear under t-shirt
doesn't show through and she also wrote
there are subtle cute details so I don't
feel basic so there you go
fashionable comfortable size is correct
what's that do you need any help with
that Michael the first read callback Sam
that's all you know third love knows
there's a perfect bra for everyone so
right now they're offering my listeners
15% off your first order go to 3rd
love.com slash majority now to find your
fur your perfect fitting bra get 15% off
your first purchase go check it out this
is a yeah I mean it'd be great to find a
place that you could regularly buy your
bras that fit that third love.com /
majority for 15% off today alright so
the Republicans like I said at the top
of the show we're 13 days away from the
the midterms in many places you can vote
early and if you have any sense that
you're going to be out of of town get
your absentee ballots in as you know I
vote up in the 19th district in New York
this is where Antonio Delgado is running
against a faso my understanding brief
conversation with a democratic election
official up there a lot of absentee
ballots which is a very good sign but
and there's very high numbers for early
voting Republicans are coming out I mean
keep in mind
on the some of these special elections
we saw Republicans come out in higher
numbers than they normally do as well as
Democrats Democrats just came out with a
little bit more higher numbers so voting
is going to be key
they have been activated in many
respects by anti-immigrant policies I
mean right now you see there is a reason
why Donald Trump is talking about this
Caravan and we will talk about it of
Central American essentially families
crossing through Mexico at this time
with the hopes of getting into this
country maybe even hope some hopes of
getting asylum in Mexico as well but
here is Donald Trump at a rally where
was this rally last night this is in
Houston very well attended is my
understanding this is the one where I
think Ted Cruz went and did the sort of
simian thing where he held his hand out
like this and butt out down Trump
here's Donald Trump listen you can't go
up in front of a national audience and
say hey we're going to put it to the
Jews but you can do this radical
Democrats want to turn back the clock
barred the rule of corrupt power-hungry
globalists you know the globalist as you
noted lovely
my globalists is a person that wants the
flow to do well frankly not caring about
our country so much and you know what we
can't have that you know they have a
word it sort of became old-fashioned
it's called a nationalist and I say
really we're not supposed to use that
word you know what I am I'm a
nationalist okay
[Applause]
national nothing use that one now I mean
Donald Trump there really it's unclear
to me that there are any policies that
he's pursued that have been you know
ones that you could call nationalist I
mean Donald Trump is for the most part I
would say the tariffs right what I was
gonna say for the most part a
functioning as a typical Republican with
the with the two exceptions of one
he's his foreign policy is slightly
differently aligned probably more
tracking his own investments like
literally his own personal investments
in some fashion and then the other one
is the tariffs now the tariffs I don't
know how you would call that a
nationalist policy it is hurting
American businesses and there are some
American businesses it's helping there
are a couple of massive steel
conglomerates who are coincidentally
also big supporters of his that it is is
helping but farmers are suffering under
the retaliation on those tariffs you
have Chrysler going to be laying off a
significant percentage of its employees
because of the tariffs and well they're
nationalists just because they don't
work that well doesn't mean they're not
nationalists in their orientation like I
say the aside from those policies
they're they're nationalists but if
there's other policies you can find that
are nationalist I'd be open to it but
he's he's essentially a neoliberal still
