here it is here is the Dennis Miller
minute this is a sample what are we
doing sample six alright sample six for
those of you who want to look this up
later
this is hitting all of us fresh by the
way yeah we have not even pre we have no
idea what that's great
yeah no way often I mean because twice
is tough
the Miller minutes with Dennis Miller hi
Dennis Miller here want to talk about
Twitter turns out put on a great way for
the whole world to come together as one
and realize that we truly didn't need to
come together as one now but our
subconscious has found a coatrack on
Twitter every 1/32 of an ocean every REM
flutter every wispy contrail on an
electroencephalogram is being placed on
a black velvet jewelers cloth and
subjected to a loop inspection akin to
an IMAX colonoscopy Twitter never have
lives less lived and more chronicled
Lewis and Clark didn't keep notes as a
situation on a positive note before
Twitter you kidding - sure you were
upsetting the creeps who hate you now
they actually have to hit a button and
become your follower and there's nothing
more fulfilling than being followed on
Twitter by someone who comments who
gives a damn what you think
on the downside I'm truly against a
threshold for celebrity indeed the last
time I saw bar set this low I was at a
dwarfs wake and that's really quick
Jamie the answer your question I almost
feel like we need to listen to that
again in slow-mo I didn't say burn
Troyer's wake or some well this is this
I mean I don't know when these are from
I mean these are from like oh that's
right it's like a while ago these are
these are from a while ago and what you
do is it's a Dorf joke if you make it
specific to one door if it doesn't last
bop bop bop well you remember the last
one had the KB or the the toy company
only about a couple of months ago
at the most so this is relatively recent
this is part of his comeback I wonder I
really get the feeling that he that
maybe I don't know somebody's pushing
him out the door of the house like
you've got to get outside more Dennis
let's just listen to that again because
I think those I have I have one bar is
so low bar so low you gotta go down
three flights just to get a gin and
tonic that's actually true I said you I
said Dwarfs because I don't believe in
politically correct still showing my
anti PC Bonavita score one for ya I said
I said dwarf yeah I said it the mayor
minutes with Dennis Miller
hi Dennis Miller here want to talk about
Twitter turns out Twitter was a great
way for the whole world to come together
as one and realize that we truly didn't
need to come together as one now but our
subconscious has found a coatrack on
Twitter every 1/32 of an ocean every rim
flutter every wispy contrail on an
electroencephalogram is being placed on
a black velvet jeweler's cloth and
subjected to a loop inspection akin to
an IMAX colonoscopy to what paws deposit
okay now I got it
so did he say IMAX colonoscopy yes he
did what's an iMac like if I could
combine my Mac oh I'm a Korean okay so
what are you saying is that every single
tiny thought that we have is being
examined as if it is a jewel and he
jewellers cloth in an IMAX theater no
well he's saying that that I mean I get
what he's saying here he's saying that
are the thoughts that we put up are over
scrutinized I wouldn't call them
subconscious though I will have a little
bit of a problem with the use of the
phrase subconscious to describe
literally waking hours typing on to a
computer or phone doesn't seem like
something your subconscious is doing I
think it's possible he wrote that joke
and he was unconscious yeah no I think
in his
case his life might literally be
subconsciously lived but for most of us
tweeting isn't it might be a stupid
activity mom it might be a wasteful
activity but it's not a subconscious all
right let's hear this continue he wakes
up tonight sometimes he goes I got it
encephalographic let's live been more
chronicled Lewis and Clark didn't keep
notes as a situation on a positive note
before Twitter you couldn't be sure you
were upsetting the creeps who hate you
now they actually have to hit a button
and become your follower and there's
nothing more fulfilling than being
followed on Twitter by someone who
comments who gives a damn what you think
on the downside I'm truly a gasps the
Twitter has established such an easy
threshold for celebrity indeed the last
time I saw bar set this low I was at a
dwarfs wake and that's Wow yeah he's
pissed because now there are people that
are more famous than him because of
they've been on Twitter in fact check
you do not actually need to follow
someone on Twitter in order to own them
that's right I know I skip the follow
button that wraps in the bop-bop-bop
that's the problem with the audio minute
format is that you get the highly
scrutinized by people on a minute the
libs get lost in my detail maybe this
the dork killed with alright so let's
move on let's go to the next one the
payoff was doing a few idiots I'll tell
you something though I could barely
remember the the first three but the
writing style for all of these is
dramatically different but you could
tell he just drank some like coffee with
stevia or something cuz he was a little
bit more amped up on that one like that
one he was just like it's 1989 this is
one I wring summon some woman who's
trying to get away from me at a cocktail
bar in Manhattan and I'm on a roll
remember a grass machine is putting out
there I know this one if you can say
IMAX colonoscopy losers on Twitter jokes
and dwarf you are flying close to the
Sun my friend here we go
careful like four minutes with Dennis
Miller I
Dennis Miller here want to talk about
apologies it would appear that modern
American life can best be described as
the minimal downtime between demanded
apologies eggshells are the new linoleum
I'm sorry but lots of folks out there
becoming emotional and Hank feely acts
all too eager to throw themselves on the
tepid grenade of minor insult but the
main problem with this present day
inquisition squad is that many of our
self-proclaimed
open-minded watch guards are among our
most closed-minded citizens I'm sorry
but say it I'm also sorry that I've said
I'm sorry twice and such a brief missive
and I'm sorry I wrote this over Meister
donation of saying sorry twice and it's
a sorry state of affairs that brought me
to this level of agitation again I'm
sorry and yes as I type this I'm wearing
a saree and no I'm not saying I'm
wearing a saree is that he sort of
insult concerning Caitlyn Jenner but
rather because the word sorry sounds
like the word sorry and if this all
seems superfluous I'm uh well anyway
that's the minute do you hear those oh
my groans because they were very loud oh
yeah let me just say this I actually
might need to reverse myself here which
I apologize or I am sorry maybe there is
a moment where this will stop being
funny sorry's no but she's a lady get it
I don't get it
well you need to he's just saying
literally it's a it's a woman's article
of clothing from India so that's a good
experiment
what does Caitlyn Jenner have to do with
it nothing it's a Dennis Miller segment
he'd be wearing a sari which would mean
he'd be like cross-dressing and in his
mind that's trash that's trans
same thing Oh reference that was 2014
reference yes school so wait a second so
he was saying that his wearing a saree
would make him like Caitlyn Jenner right
because it's both girl I see that
is that's that's pretty lame but I want
to hear it again
[Laughter]
many of our self-proclaimed open-minded
watch guards are among our most close
minded citizens I'm sorry but somebody
has to say it I'm also sorry that I've
said I'm sorry twice and such a brief
missive and I'm sorry I wrote this over
explanation of saying sorry twice it's a
sorry state of affairs that brought me
to this level of agitation again I'm
sorry and yes as I type this I'm wearing
a saree and no I'm not saying I'm
wearing a saree is that he sort of
insult concerning Caitlyn Jenner but
rather because the word sorry sounds
like the word sorry and if this all
seems superfluous I'm uh well anyway
that's the minute Wow I don't understand
I honestly if you laughed at that I
don't care about any of the like content
or meat of it but just a joke structure
that you should they can immediately get
a psychiatric analysis if that if there
is a group of people like when my cat
gets ahold of one of my hair ties she
finds on the floor and just plays with
it forever and ever and it's like
definitely dead but she's still playing
with it oh yeah no that's one thing I
would say the other thing is that here's
a guy who never leaves the house has no
contact with people who would put brief
missive in anything when you add brief
I'm sorry as is this brief into this
brief but he has no idea what's funny
know what he just think though that love
that I use the word myth him I think I
think in those last two because the
first three were not like that they were
much simpler I think he wrote these last
two and I think it's his part of his
brand like I'm this is how I go back to
being Dennis Miller the intelligence not
become the comedy for intelligent people
by saying missive and saying assiduous
and comedy for the intelligent people
that think if you put sorry in Caitlyn
the same sense it's funny Wow I can go
high and I can go low as low as a dwarf
Oh call back pop up but you know it is
you know it is amazing to me though and
I mean this is almost so obvious it
could have a snap need to be said but
like like I'm sorry to say what
literally every single person from Fox
News to any right-wing idiot on YouTube
or Twitter is saying and I actually have
a fear but what's funny is that maybe
biller is sudde she is such a shut-in
that he actually sincere like maybe he
doesn't even watch right-wing media
currently so maybe he really doesn't
because he probably it's you know he's
so smart just an internal monologue
himself
right hey I got one the bar is so low
it's practically flatten the ground
there's you can't even get your fingers
into the bar because it is equal to the
ground it's so low that's a low bar all
right and I think you would say
subterranean yeah really a very
subterranean I think this hobbled it's a
Dwarfs wedding that's it that's the joke
physically painful for me to listen to
him at this point is part right now cuz
we're at the last Dennis Miller minute
oh no we don't have any time we got to
go through them starting again at number
one oh I really also want to get back
can we sign here we get as a service and
get like well I'm willing to pay carry
them on the show yeah we could yeah so
we could probably sign up so retrieve
some NFL footage of like you know like
some look like guy like John Madden
staring blankly in this place reasons
like that that triangle defense was like
pliny vomiting on Captain Kirk and it
trebled when they had Dorp Silva and I'm
like okay who the ideas was it to
bring this ass line up III how awesome
would it be if this show went under
because of the the cost of
getting the Dennis Miller minute well
the other thing is he he stirred up a
lot of people like there's a lot of
people now aware of him now he's making
fun of them you know he used to be
nobody was thinking about him but now
you got everyone's on him
Richmond said as long as they're talking
about you the final Dennis Miller minute
the Miller minutes with Dennis Miller
hi Dennis Miller here want to talk about
the never Trump errs you know for them
to keep insisting Trump was born in
Kenya is just flat-out wrong sir America
is beginning to notice that the MPs are
endlessly going to rotate out their
beefs with Trump until they begin to
resemble that crew that paints the
Golden Gate Bridge just as they finish
the last girder it's time to start over
again and you get the feeling Trump
loves getting under their skin like a
scarab beetle in a mummy movie lighting
up haters on Twitter I don't even know
what that could possibly reference you
know in the mummy movie the scarab
beetle if you've ever read a treatment
for a mother for a mummy movie it always
specifies scarab beetle you know all the
recent mummy movies like a mummy it's
like a mummy movie made in 1997 as a
scary video let's bounce the Golden Gate
Bridge just as they finish the last
girder it's time to start over again and
you get the feeling Trump loves getting
under their skin like a scarab beetle in
a mummy movie lighting up haters on
twitter is cause it's so he's saying the
Trump is like a scarab beetle yeah I was
gonna say you don't know what you're
doing for your boy here skaters scarab
beetle in a mummy movie in a mummy that
money mummy movie yeah Oh cuz I'm
Twitter it's a dive suit of armor like a
sort of armor gang with a weasel
[Laughter]
ball box and someone dug something soggy
in there getting under their skin like a
scarab beetle in a mummy movie lighting
up haters on Twitter is Trump's cognac
or bed for how long though I think Trump
wanted to come into the temple and flip
the Pharisees three-card Monte table
like Ted Neely and Jesus Christ
Superstar and he has I sometimes since
he now might be thinking enough
who needs it my work here is done I'm
out in four I'll tweet three more State
of the Union addresses and then make a
baton pass to my VP race Bannon from
Jonny Quest then q the good driver Isaac
as I ride my golf cart off into the
sunset and that's the minute can I just
admit like one got rushed in /
observation I feel like that might also
be a before getting out of that cognac
as well in Miller's case can we play it
back is that yeah we're using that song
by the new radicals in his intro okay
because they were leftists oh oh wait
wait you were oh my god you're if you
just discovered the shocking practice of
right-wing media figures embracing you
know that like anyway let me just also I
don't even patton oswalt had a routine
about their like 20 like 10 years ago of
like welcome back to o'reilly the clash
black people are weird I mean yes of
course let me let me be clear let me let
me just also say this and now and I know
to be fair that Jonny Quest has been
replayed a subsequent to the time that
it aired but I am 51 years old ladies
and gentlemen and I will tell you the
Jonny Quest was off the air before I was
born I don't know who Jonny Quest is he
has used that well I'm not lying
someone should dig it up he has used
Jonny Quest I would say 15 to 20 times
that's really how you know a reference
guy is on his last do you feel like
you're so eager that he's acquaintance
to give myself at Jonny Quest on this
one itself I mean like what is the thing
that's weird about this is that he's so
desperately trying to maintain some
semblance of being hip and with-it but
his audience now that based on the
reference is like okay you get you drop
a Jonny Quest reference
1985 everybody knows that because
they're in the 30s who watched it as a
kid but seriously what was Johnny Quest
it was a cartoon cartoon okay it was a
cartoon I think yeah it was a cartoon
and and but I don't know what's the hurt
again but we're minutes with Dennis
Miller
hi Dennis Miller here want to talk about
the never Trump errs you know for them
to keep insisting Trump was born in
Kenya it's just flat-out wrong
seriously though America's beginning and
we should also just remind you that the
primary driver of the Kenya a birth
certificate thing with Trump was Donald
Trump well you know what an obvious
direct parallel to draw is for any basic
comedian or commentator is the
comparison between boring mainline
Republicans who are like we have
terrible policies but we just can't
stand Trump because he's so utterly
grotesque and almost certainly a
criminal and a racist conspiracy theory
about Obama being born outside of the
country it's the same thing obviously
see patterns the EMTs are endlessly
going to rotate out their beefs with
Trump until they begin to resemble that
crew that paints the Golden Gate Bridge
just as they finish the last girder it's
time to start over again and you get to
play between that explain that to me is
that what happens in the Golden Gate
Bridge yes they they paint it and they
they're always painting it they always
look their Union there you into the
union joke no it's a joke that the
bridge is so big that when you get to
one end of the paint you got a start
again and never Trump errs continued to
be never Trump errs like in the same way
that like every single day there's a new
criminal accusation and like like a coat
of paint Donald Trump acts up every
single game like the word never suggests
never but not
[Music]
[Laughter]
as in forever not so it's like infinity
like definitionally if they were not
never Trump errs they would be maybe
sometime in the future will be Trump oh
wait I'm sorry I have some breaking news
here from part of our support research
staff here on on Twitter this is from
Mesa on May 4th 2012 and this is at
Dennis DMZ Dennis Miller Elizabeth
Warren just Clara I don't know what he's
speaking to but that isn't the main
point Elizabeth Warren just clarified
things by revealing what she meant to
say was that she was 132nd Jonny Quest
best friend guys are killing that is EE
that's the day wait wait yeah no yes
except for on Jonny Quest there was a
guy who was a Sikh who had a turban oh
my god he's linking me he's like he's
like Reds out of feather Bob yes papa
yes here put up put up a picture of
Jonny Quest
you'll see him his buddy was a oh this
is an East Asians pinga right here I'm
doing the intentional Indian confusion
and also another Jonny Quest reference
that is amazing thank you at I want to
just say a desert where yourself no no
go back go back to the images I think
underdog is a fun of your reference
ready to go with underdog notice it's a
seat guy yeah
with a little easy kill he's a kid oh
he's a Sikh kid yeah well that was
actually great that was actually very
progressive watch the show I think it
was on Cartoon Network yeah they may
have reread unbelief so he's saying that
that if she acknowledged that she was oh
my god the Sikh and the Indian yeah this
is just Dennis it's a double double
it's a double bap bap bap
mouth shut
it's a joke that makes you go boom I
wonder why dennis is still working it's
a joke that's like did he lose a lot of
money because why is he not just eating
peppers for our cookies by himself I
mean you know honestly there is a real
quality and this is where I think it you
know I want to take it down a moment
there is a real quality of sadness here
