[Music]
all right so let's talk specifically
about this bill and one of the ways that
they're doing it and I want to get to
because you had another you had a piece
out today about this bill in terms of
the office of the OMB there I should say
the CSC do you know sort of scoring this
bill but but before we get there let's
just talk about you you mentioned a
threshold and that it expands the
threshold and and so one of the ways
that they're doing this I want you to
get a little more in depth on what the
implications that threshold but we
should also note that one of the ways
they're doing this is simply saying like
okay we've expanded the definition of
Community Bank right like you know you
might think it's a small community but
community could be wherever your heart
is and that's the way we expand right so
they've expanded the the threshold up to
250 billion now so the context is that
countrywide when it was issuing 1 out of
every 5 mortgages in this country was a
200 billion dollar operation had 200
billion in assets so they would be
exempt from all of this particular
regulation it despite the fact that they
failed miserably and helped trigger the
financial crisis what is national city
what is the state of regulations though
for people aren't talking about extra
capital extra liquidity requirements in
other words holding reserves that can
absorb losses you're talking about extra
supervision for risk management
standards so that banking more bank
examiners will be in your bank seeing
that you have proper risk management
controls and it adds a stress test so
that there are tests to see whether you
could survive an adverse economic
scenario so those are the main enhanced
standards that we're talking about that
so it all boils down to basically like
hey dude you only May
three thousand bucks a month you can't
go out and be you know charging six
thousand dollars a month on your credit
card more or less right I mean it's it
really the they can't uh you can't go
out and invest and speculate on things
where you don't have the money to cover
it and here's the thing about these
stadium bags these are the early warning
system for our financial system when a
stadium bank like a countrywide or
national city which was about a hundred
and fifty billion dollar bank when it
failed because it was a big subprime
lender during the crisis where GMAC
which required a huge bailout and during
the crisis it was about a hundred and
fifty billion dollar bank when these
banks fail the market understands that
they're you know following a lot of the
trends that the bigger banks are
engaging in and when these banks have
trouble they know that trouble is going
up the chain and so there's a very close
relationship a connection between these
banks at the hundred billion dollar and
above level of assets and the mega bank
and so if you're loosening regulations
on these lower banks it has a lot of
implications number one it removes that
market discipline on on the bigger banks
because they're more opaque and now we
don't have that early warning system
number two if you raise the threshold
from 50 to 250 all those banks were just
under fifty billion dollars in assets
have huge incentives to buy up
competitors because now they don't have
to worry about this bar at which they're
going to be subject to hot stiffer
regulations so this is a bank
consolidation bill in addition to
everything else because it's really
going to cause that dynamic at the lower
levels and you're going to see a lot of
community banks fold into these you know
larger regional stadium Bank operations
and and you know those are some of the
aspects and then you know obviously uh
having these failures
I could create systemic risk if two or
three of them fail that's equal to what
a Lehman Brothers was that that's equal
to that kind of an event and we for this
reason Barney Frank has said he wouldn't
vote for this bill Daniel Tarullo who
was running supervision during the
dodd-frank era at the Federal Reserve
said that's that's too much money
pretty much everyone Tonio weiss working
and tony or wife who was kept out of his
job I guess at Treasury or attempted
anyways or everybody's come out and said
like there that sounds like a bad idea
and we should be clear too that the
promotion of the the the the
consolidation is a byproduct of this
right because it because but that also
exacerbates the risk because that's
right you have more and more connection
between fewer banks and and and this
interconnection within the system is
really what accelerated and drove the
2008 financial crisis because it wasn't
just that Lehman Brothers failed but
Lehman Brothers had counterparties that
all the other banks so and so on and so
on so we're not just we're not only
taking the canary out of the coal mine
essentially and and leaving I don't know
I guess an ostrich down there but the
ostrich also has the unintended side
effect of banging its head on the right
on that and the rat now it's making it a
little less a here's where this gets
even worse than the state we're in
before dodd-frank in theory the Federal
Reserve can say if you're a bank with
more than a hundred billion I can apply
these enhanced standards to you however
they have changed one word in the
language that will make this not only
impossible on these banks above a
hundred billion but mega banks as well
and they they've changed a word the idea
is that the Federal Reserve before
applying any kind of enhanced regulation
needs to make an assessment a risk-based
assessment
to tailor these rules to a specific
banks situation and before this law
before s 21:55 it said that the Fed may
apply this tailoring they've changed one
word to make it now say shall and that
sounds like nothing to go from may to
shell however when you make it that the
Fed shall apply tailoring now they have
to go through essentially a cost-benefit
analysis process on every single bank
that they want to enhance the standards
of regulation for and it will create a
very costly litigation situation it will
it will give give big banks a tool to
say well look Federal Reserve we don't
think you did it right when you did your
cost-benefit analysis the show that we
needed more regulation and we're going
to take you to court for it and it
creates a chilling effect on the Federal
Reserve such that they didn't have
before
dodd-frank and before the financial
crisis so that the the Fed will think
twice before adding these enhanced
regulations at their discretion when
they see a safety and soundness problem
within these banks and that is a huge
huge deal and we should say that dynamic
of that chilling effect in in in these
regulations being subject to to court
two suits essentially from the lawyer is
is undercut a lot of the supposed intent
of dodd-frank in the first place I mean
so what we're alright what were what
we're fighting over at this point what
we're talking about are the last
vestiges of the last vestiges of
something that was already somewhat at
least compromised in structure when it
was proposed I mean this is going back
to to know in the wake of 2008 where you
had in particular and let me say one
other thing about this threshold so this
gets a
little bit technical and you can get the
details at my story at the intercept
which maybe you linked to but when you
raise that threshold to fifth from 50
billion to 250 billion for domestic
banks it is also going to raise the
threshold in all likelihood and and and
Treasury secretary Stephen Venusian
confirmed this in testimony it would
raise the threshold for giant foreign
banks that have operations in the United
States that are less than 250 billion
dollars in assets and that includes
every major foreign bank operating in
the United States except for one HSBC so
every other bank Barclays Deutsche
Bank's and tan there
all of them would be lifted from these
enhanced regulatory standards and these
are some of the biggest miscreant banks
who have engaged in some of the worst
practices and been fined as much as any
bank in the world uh and and we're going
to lift standards on these banks what is
the rationale for these huge global
operations that act like big mega banks
because they are big mega banks what is
the rationale for treating them the same
way that you would a tiny community back
and and and and to be clear the the the
value of having these these banks their
their US operations be scrutinized is it
gives us another opportunity to get a
sense of what's going on out there as it
were you know internationally which
gives is another I guess the it's
another canary naturally it's another
carrier basically I mean who who is joy
Trebek that's Donald Trump's personal
banker right I mean they they have
engaged in money laundering they've
engaged in tax evasion they've engaged
in transactions with sanctioned
companies I'm not just talking about
Deutsche Bank right now but all of these
global banks that would be covered under
this rule Santander engaged in the legal
repossess
tons of cars from military members
serving on active duty I mean these are
the kinds of banks that we're lifting
from enhanced regulatory standards it
makes no sense at all and the CBO came
out with a warning about this I guess
today or yesterday Monday it was late
yesterday yeah and I wrote a story today
and and one thing I want to highlight in
that so CBO said that the this bill you
know because they talk about scoring a
bill they talk about the costs of the
bill and they said this bill will cost
six hundred million dollars as an
estimate and that's not really very much
money at all over a ten year time frame
but the reason that they said it would
cost money is because it would raise the
possibility of a large bank failure or a
financial crisis that is the reason that
they said it would cost money because it
would cost money to the FDIC's deposit
insurance fund would cost money to
unwind these large banks that would fail
it's saying it wait it all are saying is
that this bill raises the chance of a
financial crisis and the need for
another bailout so had or that is what
CBO said that cost to the US government
at least which is I think sort of
narrowly constructed is a shadow of of
what would be cast by an event that way
incorrect the driver saying that the 600
million reflects the increase in
probability
it isn't a direct cause because if we
had a financial crisis it would cost a
hell of a lot more than 671 million
dollars to the US government I want to
just touch on one other thing with
that's related to that and that is what
I've been calling the Citigroup
carve-out so this Bank is that this bill
is supposed to be for community banks
and credit unions but what I learned is
that Citigroup has been lobbying very
heavily on two provisions in particular
sections 402 and 403 of the bill and and
they
get a little bit technical but I'll try
to explain them as best I can quickly so
one of them changes the calculation of
the leverage ratio and the leverage
ratio is just a simple calculation of
the equity of a bank divided by its
assets and leverage is when it goes up
you have more opportunity for higher
returns but you also increased risk
because that equity is what you would
use to cover your losses if you ever got
into trouble so in the bill the Senate
wanted to give this help to what they
call custody banks custodial banks which
are banks that don't make loans
necessarily but they they they hold
other assets in custody and perform
administrative work on them there are
only three really custodial banks in the
country Bank of New York now on State
Street and Northern Trust
however Citigroup performs custodial
services even though they're not a
custody bank and they saw this provision
that would allow these custody banks
essentially to raise their leverage
which means raise their returns and
thought we want in on this action this
is unfair we we do custody stuff even
though it's not our main thing so we
want to be able to raise our leverage to
and they got the Senate to change the
definition of a custody bank so that
Citigroup would have an opportunity to
take advantage of that and the CBO score
says that we think that the two big
banks who do perform custodial services
which is Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase
would have a 50/50 chance of being able
to take advantage of this and reduce
their leverage now if you think or
actually increase their leverage reduce
their leverage requirement if you think
that Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase are
wildly over capitalized and and need to
be unshackled to take on more
then that's what you're voting for in
this bill that that that that Citigroup
and JP Morgan Chase should have the
opportunity to make their case that they
should be able to load up on more risk
in in the financial system the other
piece that Citigroup is been lobbying
for which they did get is a little more
technical but allows them to use
municipal bonds to count as as highly
liquid assets in case they do get into
trouble they could they can count them
under what is called the liquidity
coverage ratio and that's supposed to be
a test of how many liquid assets you
have if you do run into a crisis and and
these are liquid assets you can rattle
off very quickly and easily muni bonds
are very thinly traded it's difficult to
trade them and the idea that they're
liquid assets is very dubious and this
also so in particularly particularly in
the instance if there is a Socratic
financial crisis the idea you were able
to sell those muni bonds and i mean--can
so that people understand basically this
is there's there's two things that are
going on here it's basically like saying
you know you know me at in in vegas and
i get to the table and the casino is now
basically saying mr. cedar based on no
change in your income and your ability
to pay we're now going to give you some
extra chips to play with you just got to
pay us back at the end of this session
and on top of that on top of that i now
said hey but you guys i also got a you
know i got a late you know early model
subaru and they go oh well we didn't
realize that in that case we're going to
give you an extra 25% of your chin Oh
buddy is buying your Subaru because you
can always sell your Subaru if you get
in trouble and not only that it hooks
the entire market for Subarus into the a
a financial crisis event right it hooks
the municipal bond market which had
nothing to do with the situation that
might have gone on with
back to any future financial crisis
Noonie bonds were not related to the
2008 crisis but if you do this thing
where a bunch of banks are going to have
muni bonds and want to sell them if they
get into trouble then you've you've
added this huge market into the event
you've you've connected the muni bond
market to the financial system in a way
that is just going to ramp up risk
exponentially because just to be clear
because that means that they become an
asset class that are considered to be a
life-preserver or one of the life precis
ethically considered to be like like
cash yes well and and by the way we have
scratched the surface of what's in this
bill there are weakening of mortgage
regulations there are there's a complete
removal of regulations for the
manufactured home industry which is
actually a big gift to the largest
manufactured home company like a trailer
park company which is owned by warren
buffett there is all sorts of really bad
ideas in this bill under the guise of
giving relief to community banks so this
is a huge bait and switch they're going
to be voting on it today it looks like
they have the votes but there is sort of
mounting pressure on these democrats to
abandon this bill and if they needed
another reason the fact that the CBO
says this makes a financial crisis more
likely might be a good and and again so
much of this at least at least when we
talk about the nine needed and i would
imagine
angus command king is probably also one
of these guys who wants to be able to
say like I'm doing something bipartisan
that's why I'm here that's why yeah
definitely and most of them I say would
be I mean look Doug Jones is on this
bill Doug Jones is supporting this bill
the hero of the resistance Doug Jones
who has a big regional bank Regions Bank
right in his backyard there one of the
stadium banks
home of the Birmingham bands of the
double-a major league baseball and you
know this is just another example I mean
like give me a sense is this a elections
have consequences a scenario I mean it's
not like I mean I think there are some
people on this who are ideologically
like this was this is why I'm in the
Senate to make sure that banks that
banks can do well here but I mean if
there was a different makeup of the
Senate if there was a different person
in the White House who would not be so
willing to sign a Republican control
bill does this happen
III think that the turnover in the White
House is a major trigger for this bill
obviously Trump came in and said you
want to do a number on dodd-frank so
there's no question this bill doesn't
happen without a president Trump I think
that what ends up happening with these
bills you there's a pendulum
right we have a financial crisis we put
in a bunch of regulations to try to make
the system safer and then people's
memories get shorter and shorter and and
the pendulum swings back to deregulation
and usually it takes a few years after
that deregulation for another crisis to
occur and and people don't normally
connect that that bill that happened
years ago with the reason for the crisis
I mean you know you saw that in the
financial crisis where there were a host
of bills over 30 years to change the
mortgage market to allow these private
banks to load up on these
mortgage-backed securities and create
them that that really led to the crisis
but nobody sort of blamed you know Jake
Garn who was the author of Garn
saint-germain in 1982 that was a primary
contributor to creating the conditions
for mortgage-backed securities no one
middle um I went to his house and said
you were the reason that we had a
financial crisis but you know it's it's
it's certainly
or more plausible than anything else so
this is the pendulum you know banks get
into trouble we regulate them everybody
forgets we deregulate them thank you it
into trouble and that's that's the
pendulum or on right now
David Dana I wanted to talk to you about
Ohio v American Express it is a an
important Supreme Court case that
involves some real antitrust
implications but I we will have to do
that another time
all right well we will we will in fact I
now I've decided we will in fact link
your intercept please I lobbied hard for
that oh yeah you did that we just when
we changed the definition of things we
would give links to and so we were able
