[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome to the program instructor
political science at University of
Washington blogger at lawyers guns and
money and writer at a myriad of outlets
across the web
Scott Lomu Scott welcome to the program
all right so uh Brett Kavanaugh um let's
let's start with first just sort of like
briefly like a bio about this guy there
well I want to start here okay
just before we even get to Brett
Kavanaugh there are now reports by NBC
News that Kennedy was in negotiations
for months with the Trump administration
about getting Cavanaugh in whoa give me
a reaction to that
yeah that's and you're looking into that
and you know right now you know we don't
you know it seems to be coming from a
single source so you know how much you
know like how active do sheets where I
don't know but it certainly at a minimum
it seems pretty clear that you know
Kennedy resigned in part because you
wanted Trump to nominate a successor I
don't think it's a coincidence that it
was before the midterms to ensure the
Republicans still have the Senate and
you know I find it very credible that he
tried to persuade Trump to nominate
Cavanaugh as his former clerk so you
know even sort of taking the most
minimalist angle I think it still is is
relevant about Kennedy's legacy that he
doesn't seem to have left because he was
you know dealing with some kind of
severe health issue but you know as the
case many justices left because he
wanted Trump to nominate his successor
so it sort of shows you you know how
tight the the symbiosis is between Trump
and and the Republican Party and really
the Supreme Court is one of the reasons
both why a lot of Republicans swallow
their misgivings as voted for manova
her and why Republicans and Congress
have given him you know complete free
pass for whoever he wants to do and not
connected oversight because of this
because he you know the the federal
courts or one area where he just you
know delegates to Republican activists
and and just selects Orthodox
conservatives but I was surprised that
certainly if those reports are true
that's that's pretty remarkable well I
mean he'll appropriate law but it's
pretty
I mean it's yummy it seems to me right I
mean because there's there was a
half-dozen major cases in front of the
Supreme Court that it appears either
Kennedy was the swing vote or the sort
of the the punt vote right I mean like
Kennedy supposedly was waiting for a
decade for these gerrymander cases to
come back with a mechanism to determine
whether or not a district has been
overly gerrymandered and it came and he
punted um there there seems to have been
a couple of cases like that I mean isn't
that I mean I know there's no conflict
of interest like sort of a guiding
principle for the Supreme Court but this
seems to be is it precedented in any way
yeah I certainly have never you know I
mean again it's not uncommon you know
there's no question though did you know
Stevens and Souter wait until there's a
Democratic president although they've
been nominally your point about
Republicans they're liberals you know
O'Connor you know you know famously
noted that she wanted George W Bush to
fish finger successor but I'm not aware
of that you know that there are two
things here first is they I'm not aware
of you know actually contacting the
president in advance and asking if they
would nominate a former clerk I've never
heard of that before
and you're also right to note that this
really sort of hard right turn Kennedy
you know took this turn you know
obviously he's always been more
conservative than liberal but basically
this term you know he you know voted
with the conservative weighing on every
major case including you know the Texas
redistricting case which basically makes
the Voting Rights Act unenforceable
the Trump travel ban case and as you say
I'm in the one case in which she really
seemed to be leaning liberal in the
gerrymandering case the basically just
refused to take tithes of all I which is
you say basically means the Kavanagh
gets to decide that case which almost
certainly will mean that even the most
extreme partisan gerrymander zs-- won't
be ruled unconstitutional so it is it
maybe helps to explain why Kennedy sort
of lurks as far to the right as he did
in his last term sort of almost a
preview of what the courts could look
like when if Cavanaugh is confirmed
right except for Cavanaugh is going to
come in with probably thirty years ahead
of them whereas Kennedy is it was in his
eighties all right so give us just the
the background of Cavanaugh this guy
even I I guess when he was up and I
don't know when this was when he was up
for his first federal court appointment
I think Durbin said something like he
was either the Zelig or the the Forrest
Gump of the Republican Party because
this guy was everywhere when you look
back at the past 30 some odd years I
guess 35 years and look at every sort of
movement conservative moment Kavanaugh
seems to have been there right and he
was so Cavanaugh was was one of the
judges that was nominated by George W
Bush and was held up when sort of
Democrats were putting you know using
their the filibuster just to stop some
nomination and ended up getting
confirmed because of the gang of 14 deal
which I think we can safely say the
Republicans want recently but yeah he
was a part of ken starr's team in fact
he's in some places his way to one of
the primary authors of the Starr report
and also has been pointed out really was
an aggressive leaker you know that you
know there's a big contrast in the star
and Mueller investigations that the mule
investigation you know has been a very
tight ship run very ethically and the
star investigation
constantly linked information damaging
to the president in Kavanaugh was
apparently according to Jonathan alter
one of those people he was part of the
first legal team in in Bush versus Gore
you know sort of view he has this long
history of really being part of
Republican partisan warfare so he could
be you can be pretty confident that that
that's going to continue that's a long
you know that that sort of every stage
he's been kind of working with
Republicans pushing a very aggressive
you know sort of using you know his his
legal chops to said to help advance
Republican political priorities he was
also like part of the the Vince Foster
conspiracy too right wasn't he like
hounding my understanding is he was in
front of the Supreme Court trying to get
a subpoena surrounding Vince Foster
suicide yeah that's right I mean he
definitely you know if that was the only
case you argued for even Courtney laws
um
admittedly you know he didn't embrace
you know he you know the star
investigation did conclude that Foster
committed suicide um ironically that's
cited today in the New York Times is an
example of Cavanaugh being a moderate
which is specific that's what the bar is
today that you know if you don't think
Hillary Clinton killed Vince Foster then
you're a moderate so he wasn't an
extreme conspiracy theorist but yeah
that was the argued you know for kind of
thing to have Foster's got a final
thoughts to get them subpoenaed and the
Supreme Court actually rejected that in
an opinion written by Chief Justice
Rehnquist and joined by his former clerk
mrs. Kennedy so he actually lost the the
only case that he argued in front of the
Supreme Court which is related to the
foster controversy if I don't believe
that Dick Cheney is actually a lizard
changeling am I eligible for the federal
judiciary yeah you don't think right if
you don't think George Bush ordered the
9/11 attacks and then that's I think I
think then you're just completely non
ideological I'm a facie case for me to
sit on the federal judiciary all right
well let's I mean let's start
let I mean like I want to return to
particularly that element about him
leaking from the star report because
when well III want to discuss you know
what who this guy is and what we can
anticipate in terms of the court but but
in many respects what is really most
relevant and and I want to circle back
to this are questions like that and
whether or not those are the best lines
of attack to to attempt to at the very
least slow the role of this nomination
but before we get there
let's let's talk about his his track
record in terms of of the courts in
terms of abortion and birth control and
roe v wade what do we know what what is
out there in terms of his writings as to
his position on it or is there any
indication whatsoever well you know I'm
again it's always tough to tell with you
directly from Circuit Court justices
they are bound by you know existing
presidents so Sam Alito voted to strike
down a ban on so-called partial birth
abortion what was on the Third Circuit
and then casted the key vote to uphold
it when he was on the Supreme Court but
there's a there's a lot of reasons for
believing that Cavanaugh is hostile to
Roe vs. Wade and the first is just
simply that you know he's supported by
the you know conservative legal
community you know if you'll forgive the
plug I had an article just go up on NBC
News that makes this point that you know
that the federal society and Heritage
Foundation have just you know carefully
look at justices and judges to ensure
that there's never going to be David
Souter again you know they want people
who are just really consistent
conservative oh so Jeffery Sutton who
was a very well regarded conservative
judge very conservative you know 56
she's a great candidate yeah he was
basically eliminated for consideration
because you know he didn't buy the
argument the affordable care act was
unconstitutional which was pretty
straightforward at the time and cabin on
the other hand did vote to hold that
unconstitutional
despite the fact that president seem to
suggest otherwise so you know Cavanaugh
is just a very very reliably
conservative vote
so you just his track record looks
everything like Alito and and Gorsuch
and so you just by nature of them being
a Republican you just expect that but
even beyond that you know there's a
recent case which the Trump
administration has tried to prevent
people you know sort of uh immigrants
being held from obtaining abortions and
capital actually dissented from an
opinion basically you know telling the
trouble institution to stop it you know
arguing that you know maybe they would
like to be in a different country you
know in a better place when they made
that decision or whatever so they're
just sort of little hints that Cavanaugh
is is almost certainly hostile with that
and you know I've been its record on
contraception just like the Supreme
Court again has been you know generally
to allow for religious do exemptions for
employers who don't want to provide
contraception and so on so you know
certainly to the extent that you can
read a circuit court record you know it
certainly looks like you'll be the very
hostile to Roe vs. Wade
and it's just the fact that you know the
fact that he's just a consistent
conservative vote suggests that that
he's he's going to be hostile thorough
as well the the and we can go through
that sort of litany of things well let's
let's start with this is there anything
surprising about him like if I was to
say this guy is going to vote with Alito
or or Thomas or gorsek and it's it's
hard to say really who's who's the most
far-right of those three right would is
there anything where I would be
surprised like oh my gosh no not on this
no there really is I remember you know
back arguing about Alito that you know
there's just you know and and there was
a kind of perception in the media that
he was more moderate because he wasn't
as flashy as Scalia but you know I wrote
fun you know if you're a liberal you'd
rather have Scalia there are a few
things like the fourth
amendment where Scalia was a little bit
idiosyncratic was kind of more
libertarian some Republicans you know
you never know you know often justices
will have like a particularly quirky
issue but based on his record he seems
like just a completely Orthodox
Republican just like this absolutely you
know though nothing surprising at all
like there's just there's nothing where
I would anticipate him voting
differently then than a leader or
Gorsuch what yeah this it's really you
know part of the reason he got this
position just as unsurprising as
possible
there really is nothing you know between
his his long history as yeah you know
within the Republican Party and his
voting record you know it just seems
just completely straightforward so I
guess there's just there's really you
know based on what we know now this
there's really nothing surprising which
means from a liberal perspective just
really nothing to be off to mr. Gekko
quite frankly there are two things that
that jump out to me in terms of where he
will do aside from being a vote for if
not directly overturning roe v-- wade
certainly diminishing a the the right to
get an abortion enough so that it
becomes in a practical standpoint you
know outlawed in in a myriad of states
across the country but there are two
things two concepts that stick out for
me when I look at some of his his his
writing one is his use of the First
Amendment in defeating a lot of
regulations right he did this with he
said that US meat packers don't have to
have labels disclosing where each step
of the meat production took place
because of First Amendment rights right
he said the his FCC net neutrality
ruling was also a function of First
Amendment violation he seems to be
really a sale regulations on two fronts
one is on that first amendment and and
the other is on the authority of
regulatory agencies to regulate right so
and then first of all I wanna I want to
emphasize the point you made about Roe
that way too much attention is being
paid to whether you know there'll be an
immediate opinion announcing the Roe
versus Wade has been overruled but my
guess is at least before the 2020
license there won't be but that's not
what to look for you know the question
is will the Supreme Court strike down
any regulation of abortion and the
answer that is almost certainly no so
you know right to choose doesn't you
know it's it's great it doesn't do much
good to have say states can't ban
abortion but they can stop any abortion
clinics from operating state you know
it's a distinction without a difference
so don't pay attention to what the court
says it's doing cake engine tube to what
it is I should do into laws and then
that's also a fantastic point one of the
cases decided in the last week of the
term which because there are so many as
God must tension was the decision to
strike down to California regulation
requiring disclosure from crisis
pregnancy centers so there's first you
know so that they you know so California
among other things basically required
you know these you know kind of pro-life
pregnancy centers that sort of poses
medical clinics to disclose and they're
advertising that they don't actually
offer medical services if they're not
licensed and also if they were licensed
then they had to you know have a sign
inside you know pointing out that women
could have you know subsidized access to
a variety of reproductive and maternity
services so what's the first irony of
that is that the Supreme Court has
struck that down has also said that you
know before a woman can attain an
abortion a doctor could be compelled to
really pro-life propaganda written by
the state and women could be forced to
listen so it's you know and I just did
justice Thomas's majority opinion said
well but childbirth isn't you know that
low that you know but but this we're not
dealing with medical stuff which Breyer
just incredulous Lee said before what
are you talking like like the amount of
Kinetico different albert's those
ridiculous so that first of all shows
that it's very much
these First Amendment cases decided
based you know really on viewpoint
rather than any neutral principle but as
you say there's also something broader
all right well we said let me just I
want to just we we talked about this
ruling a couple weeks ago but there was
a lot of news around it so I just want
people to marinate in how absurd this is
okay where the Supreme Court says it is
okay for the state the state being
literally the state or you know I guess
theoretically any type of government to
say to doctors we're gonna force you to
say something about a medical procedure
that you do not even deem to be
medically necessary however when people
cut we're not going to it's an
infringement to force a fake clinic to
tell their patients that they're a fake
clinic I mean this is this is just it's
insane it's insane and it's it's almost
it's almost embarrassing that they even
put on their robes to do something like
this right like I mean it's just like
why bother why not just you know just
you know fill in a like a little
checkbox you know to put reasoning
around that it's just absurd but I just
wanted to highlight that for people but
but go ahead because the broader the
broader a principle here is there are
moat there's like a two-pronged attack
it seems to me on the regulatory
administrative state and one of them is
the way that they're using the First
Amendment and and I don't know maybe was
a couple years ago we had the writer
Haley Sweetland Edwards on about the the
corporate free speech racket and and how
they were using the First Amendment as a
means in which to sort of shed
themselves to unshackle themselves from
these onerous regulations but there's
another sort of judicial assault on on
the regulatory state via Chevron we talk
about that and explain that sure yes
right so that's the other implication of
this is that you know the that
conservative justices have been you and
have been using you know the First
Amendment to find expressive content in
the way that undermine state regulations
like California so that's you know one
aspect of it that no supreme Greek now
protects you know wealthy donors you
know there's a famous book about the
First Amendment called the courage of
their convictions and Harvard Law
Professor mark touched and said you know
the next volume could be called the
color of their money giveth that the
First Amendment is now so you know
basically you know sort of a way to
protect sort of corporate interests and
a lot of them excessive influence in
politics and then as you say the other
element and so for a long time and this
was a doctrine once strongly favored by
conservatives the Chevron precedent says
that you know the court should defer to
any action by regulatory agency that is
sort of a reasonable interpretation of
the law so that you know unless you know
the the authorizing statute very clearly
