with Sam's Sita the destiny of America
is always safer in the hands of the
people than in the conference rooms of
any Elise
they are unanimous in their hate for me
and I patron we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar it is Monday
October 1st 2018 my name is Sam cedar
this is the five-time award-winning
majority report we are broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on the
program today the editor of current
affairs
Nathan J Robinson on how we know
Kavanaugh is lying meanwhile surprised
the FBI a Cavanaugh inquiry is a sham
White House has decided it will be
extremely limited in its scope and depth
the question now is for how long can
Jeff Flake at all pretend not to realize
that meanwhile new NAFTA deal signed as
far as we can tell basically the same as
the old NAFTA deal but what is new is
California's new net neutrality law and
the Department of Justice lawsuit filed
to stop it meanwhile Rebecca Mitchell's
final offense
if the Maricopa prosecutor tries to
redeem herself in Republican circles did
you call her a Rebecca because I like
that Rebecca Mitchell
yeah like Rebecca Mac yeah no but yeah
the Supreme Court case which could save
Donald Trump and just a reminder we're
now holding 13,000 children moving them
around in the dead of the night because
makes for a lot less compelling video
and crystal Mason heads to prison for
casting a vote that was never counted
all this and more on today's majority
report yes ladies and gentlemen the Ted
Leo version of pressure drop we have
some other songs that are coming in and
we will try and you know cycle through
some of them some of them you know the
pacing of the songs even even the
pressure drop version from Ted it's hard
for me to get used to because like a
Pavlovian dog for now I mean the
pressure drop used on the Sam cedar show
9:00 to noon so we're talking about nine
or ten years of of essentially of
training to to jump and to react at
certain notes in that song but I got it
today today I timed it sounded good over
that first lick that's when it just it's
a little bit tougher right because it's
interesting I have to go back to find
out like what fired that synapse in my
brain that said okay now is the time to
talk but so if the if the the point
being if the pace of what you sent in is
a little bit slower then I don't know if
we can use it because it will I will
I'll have some type of
breakdown ladies and gentlemen just a
reminder this week I will be headed to
Las Vegas Nevada for the tort conference
that I go to talk to lawyers they're
involved in lawsuits it will not be a
dramatic difference in terms of our
programming week however but just make
sure you tune in to that people like
those shows from from Vegas and I always
find it interesting to talk to these
lawyers and to a large extent you know
like one of the things I'm hopefully
going to track down one I'm not
convinced that there aren't civil
courses that can be followed if if so
desired on on what would otherwise be
criminal charges that we've seen
involving Brett Kavanaugh wrongful death
you know you see those in the context of
let's say the OJ Simpson case I don't
know what the equivalent would be but
I'm gonna be around a lot of lawyers so
I will ask them
just a reminder folks this show relies
on its members for its support you can
become a member today at joined the
majority report and I might as well let
me do this one first if you watched
Chris Hayes Thursday night you saw the
first appearance that I ever did on on
MSNBC well it's not I guess I only been
using Harry's for a couple years but on
the first unshaven appearance that I've
ever had on MSNBC and it was after the
eight hours of broadcasting the hearings
and then I had to record something for
Ring of Fire and then I went into the
bathroom I'm like I've got I've got to
shave I have literally 30 seconds to do
it and I started I had the Harry's razor
and I started and I did part of the
cheek and then I'm like this is a
mistake
I can't shave this quickly I'm not gonna
be able to do this and so I just che
you know I have no idea how to sculpt a
beard so I just shaved right here and
here and then ran out the door and I
took a lot of grief from it in fact I
heard from my uncle Eddie and aunt Carol
that the orys who lived down the street
sent them a an email saying Sam should
shave when he goes on television that's
the depth of how people are invested in
my Harry's razor do they know Harry like
what's going on here I don't know but
Harry's founders know that a great shave
comes down to two great blades made with
sharp durable steel that lasts that's
why they make some of the highest
quality blades in the world price much
lower than the leading brand and they
will even give you a full refund if you
don't love your shave as long as you let
them know within 30 days Harry stands
behind the quality of their blades so
they created a $13 value trial set that
comes with everything you need for a
close comfortable shave weighted organ
ama handle five blade razor with
lubricating strip and trimmer blade rich
lathering shave gel travel blade cover
claim yours by going to harrys.com slash
majority report you know what I love
about Harry's reasonably priced sort of
like a little bit fancy the handle is
well sculpted I happen to have the
chrome one I like that and then they
give you shaving cream the whole thing
and you know the narrow blade is
important because of my the asymmetry
between my nostrils and now our
listeners can redeem their trial set at
harrys.com slash majority report make
sure you go to harrys.com slash majority
report to redeem your offer ladies and
gentlemen it's a good deal check it out
let them know I sent you to help support
the show okay so the premise of why we
wanted to have Nathan Robinson on to
talk about the many ways in which we
know Brett Kavanaugh is lying basically
goes to that concept that Blumenthal
introduced the Latin phrase that means
false and one thing the false in all
things
and if you have a federal judge I mean
put aside for a moment like he doesn't
quite have the temperament that you
might want from a federal judge that
quit you also might want a federal judge
on there who is literally blaming the
Clintons no you are for her you are I
don't know blame the Clintons yeah I
mean to blame the Clintons for Blasi
Ford is depend territory got to get
applause we forward on that just the
same guys I mention around the Vince
Foster it's really nothing Blasi forward
it's really nuts and that seems to me to
be contrary to the temperament you might
want for a justice on the highest court
in the land
but because the Senate is such an
incredibly undemocratic place let's tune
into the to people I guess to get to
decide everything that is Jeff Flake and
Chris Coons Chris Coons incidentally the
guy who says like if we take back the
Senate we should really reinstate
institute the filibuster just to give
you a sense of just sort of how rarefied
the air that these two must breathe that
they think let's just play this there on
60 minutes at forward if judge Kavanagh
is shown to have lied to the committee
nominations over oh yes I would think so
yes I would think so
well then I've got good news everybody
you should send today's podcast to Jeff
Flake and Chris Coons because maybe they
haven't figured this out themselves Jeff
Flake responded to the words shown so
not listen if you hear that he was
testifying negative or falsely then
that's still that's the doesn't count he
has to be shown it visually what someone
can send I'm just saying how flakes
gonna get out of it like it depends on
what he has known is he isn't you
actually said that well that's what he
took out of the 60 minutes guys yeah I
like the way you're saying wait a second
wait a second
if it's shown that he was lying like
Jeff Lakes just gonna say I it didn't
meet my criteria
what's shown to be lying right well yeah
of course but maybe we'll see if that's
a little bit different after today's
show Oh folks blue apron has a mission
it's to make incredible home cooking
accessible to everyone you can make
dinner now in as little as 20 minutes
they've got quick and easy recipe
options that are perfectly proportioned
with ingredients delivered right to your
door no meal planning or shopping
required whether you're looking for a
quick and easy meal or a full culinary
experience blue apron lets you choose
from a range of recipe options this is
nice I like this newer version I don't
and I had to say I just don't have the
time to cook so if I can get it down 20
minutes bingo
get out of your cooking rut and
experience the joy of new recipes talk
about I can tell you one of the things
that we need to talk about like
convenience and satiating that guilt you
have as a parent where you're like oh
god I don't want to just get takeout
food or frozen dinner for them again but
I also frankly I'm not gonna spend an
hour and a half cooking a meal forgive
me what are you gonna do things to read
on the Internet well I got do work stir
fried sweet chili chicken seared steaks
homemade steak sauce homemade steaks us
and these were amazing seared beef
dumplings and jasmine rice Wow yep check
out this week's menu and get your first
three meals free why wouldn't you get
why wouldn't you why wouldn't anybody do
this you have three meals free they send
it to your house you get you can choose
each week how many you're gonna get blue
apron dot-com slash majority that's blue
apron dot-com slash majority get your
first three meals free blue apron a
better way to cook I'm gonna take a
quick break when we come back we'll be
talking to Nathan Robinson
you
[Music]
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program
Nathan J Robinson he is the editor of
current affairs magazine at karna fares
dot org Nathan welcome to the show thank
you okay so your piece has gotten a lot
of people have cited it as being the
sort of the most comprehensive piece on
the the many myriad of of lies and ways
judge Cavanaugh lied during his hearing
and we just played a clip from Jeff
Flake and Chris Coons from 60 minutes
when they were asked if it was shown
that Cavanaugh lied during the hearing
would that be enough to disqualify him
and they said yes they didn't say
specifically shown about lying what or
about what or or what shown means right
but I suggest that maybe people start
sending your piece to them or they can
just yeah listen to the show if they
don't want to have to if they can't read
but definition have shown you adopt I
think I made it somewhere in the eleven
thousand words of that article let's let
let's go through some of these and we
you you basically just walk through
without making an assessment of what
Ford says just judging or I guess
assessing what a Cavanaugh says so you
start with a Cavanaugh's denial and this
is the first one that you cite I never
attended a gathering like the one dr.
Ford describes in her allegation now
please address that for us and to some
extent it's sort of a shame it feels
like the Democrats either didn't have
the information
long enough beforehand which is very
possible or they just didn't do enough
in researching this stuff to push back
but we have the the the the the value of
hindsight but go ahead what walk us
through that well I mean I do think no I
think they had a lot of information and
didn't use it well there was plenty of
stuff that was just just in plain sight
yeah so the gathering lie he says I
never attended a gathering like someone
was for destroyed and there's been sort
of efforts to hint that it was like this
is this she's describing this kind of
big bacchanalian party like a toga party
or something like this crazy party but
everyone would have remembered but
actually it hurt her Testament she says
that she's been misrepresented in the
press because it wasn't a large party
was a small gathering with friends in
Bethesda with a over few drinks now
cannot of course attended small
gatherings in Bethesda of a few drinks
when he said he didn't attend a
gathering like this I mean I'm sure it's
a lot of gathering like this but then he
also goes on to specify and say I didn't
attend a gathering I also didn't attend
the gathering with any of the people
with with the group of people that
christine blazes forth says were at this
gathering and that is just directly
contradicted by calendar that he
provided to exonerate himself yeah I
mean he he mentioned specifically that
July 1st entry involves six people four
of whom were ones that she said was at a
party very similar to that yes she named
she said that she remembered four boys
Brett PJ mark judge and one whose name
she couldn't remember and on the July
1st entry July 1st 7 1982 Brett
Cavanaugh says he's going for drinks
over to Timmy's we with mark judge PJ
and a couple of other boys um so the
group when he tries to say you know
these weren't my people like East
started naming other people that he did
hang out with other somehow and he
didn't mention the fact that when she
said Mark and PJ those were his friends
he did go to gatherings with them so the
interesting thing here is not is that he
also buried that information right he
tried he tried deliberately to direct
the Senate's attention away from this
event by pointing to weekends he does
this fascinating thing where he goes
well presumably the event she's
describing happened on a weekend and I
was usually out of town on the weekend
but this July first gathering is on a
Thursday so you can see why he wants to
push you towards the weekend now I wish
I'd also say that on the first there's
another guy there squee who is Chris
Garrett and Chris Garrett was had the
great misfortune of being the evil
doppelganger in ed Wieland's fevered
conspiracy but he also in real life if
I'm not mistaken was the one that Ford
said we introduced me to Cavanaugh yes
yes she says that Chris Garrett Chris
squee Garrett
they went out a couple of times and that
yeah he was her connection to Cavanaugh
we know that Cavanaugh pukers because
he's on the calendar I hope so we know
he knew Chris Garrett now Chris Jerram I
don't think there's any public
statements about whether he knew
Christine Ford I don't know whether he's
backed up or denied what she says but
that would be a connection Brent
Cavanaugh said they didn't move in the
same social circle I mean Cavanaugh
testimony essentially tries to suggest
that she's told like she's totally
off-base she was like in a different
school on the other side of town and we
didn't move in the same circles I never
saw this woman she and and actually it's
that the circles that they know didn't
have to be much much closer than what he
described in his head tonight
it would be an unbelievable coincidence
that this woman had created this
fiction about these people who all just
happened to be good buddies of kavitha's
and he just like out of whole cloth like
she would have come up with this right
like how could she possibly know that
judge and caveat were such good friends
if she didn't know them it's right if he
did it and she said that she said that
she was at this thing with the judge and
PJ before he released the calendars
confirming it and the other thing is
that her account is corroborated by Mark
judge's memoir because she said in her
testimony at six weeks six to eight
weeks later she ran into mark judge and
he looks very embarrassed and he didn't
want to talk to her she ran into him at
his job at the supermarket and in mark
judges memoir he says that late late in
that summer he was working at the
supermarket so there are details that do
add up people said had no corroboration
I mean you know it depends what you
consider corroboration but there are
reasons to believe that I mean she's
definitely not as Cavanaugh portrayed
her he wanted to suggest that all of
this was just totally totally crazy I
mean to me the Kris interviewing Chris
Garrett has always struck me to be the
most important person they could
interview I mean obviously judge but
Judge is going to get up there and live
it's true it strikes me is Chris Garrett
would have a very tough time lying about
the fact that he knew that they knew
each other right that that like I mean
all it would take is him to say no I did
I introduced them to Cavanaugh SH course
she knew Cavanaugh of course Cavanaugh
knew him yeah and that's the end of the
game right there I mean that's the night
the it seems to me that crucial what are
you gonna say I mean if he says nobly
informed me and Christy Ford never went
out well that really hurts you know what
she's saying
but if he says yeah she's completely
correct about that then that really does
make out a case for a Cavanaugh I mean
we've already made out the case that
happen all right under Rose a bunch of
times you don't need to do it more times
on I stress in this article that the
investigation is almost a necessary at
this point just because from the
testimony itself you have so many
damning
well I want to talk about what we'll get
to the investigation in a moment to the
extent that there is one because you
know it's pretty arguable that there is
not one even not even an inquiry and and
we will get there but let's go through a
couple of these key moments so he lied
about never being at a party like the
one she talks about in fact he also
later admitted he was at a party almost
exactly like the one that she talked
about as defined by the people in the
location and the sort of offhand Annette
do we have a sense though his argument
is like we would we would go to Tobin's
house and work out what is your sense I
know you don't really touch on in the
piece I'm just curious like there's
something weird about the Tobin's house
workouts because he also during the
testimony well he got super emotional
about about those workouts well he got
emotional about a lot of things in that
testimony when he started talking about
it calendars he started weeping which
was very very odd well no I thought it
was okay because it reminded him of his
dad and he was doing it cuz he wanted to
be like his dad and then he you know I
don't have that kind of relationship I
brought that what I thought I thought
initially when I saw that that his
father was deceased and he was
reminiscing that his father was in the
room well maybe he was upset that he had
to have his dad to hear about how he
here is that you know have his dad watch
him lie about this I I don't know yeah I
