well I wanted to talk we're gonna I want
to get to bash bash revolution a bit
which is such an amazing book because it
actually got me to read a sci-fi book
which is a mind-blowing accomplishment
but do you have that what is the part I
was actually talking with a friend of
mine about this the other day and he's
more like he's in you know more in that
kind of tech world and you know and
there's a lot of resonance in this stuff
and and I think that this is almost like
the you know it's better to think of
this stuff as you know this isn't a real
intellectual movement it's a lifestyle
brand for a particular type of yeah I
think a particular kind of brand
identity and obviously like in Jordan
Peterson's case self-help but there's a
part that just feels so like you know
you know I did the opening segment on
the show on this you know this this the
the the massive fallout of this you know
it can't be underscored enough to just
utter disaster of the Iran pullout of
course you know all of the usual
Biggie's that at this point we just sort
of note in a numbed way but really are
you know the systemic crisis of climate
of global warming the you know Ben
Carson is wants to take an axe to public
you know housing in a way that will you
know obviously viciously harm so many
people you know net neutrality
ironically in the context of all of this
internet-enabled stuff you know that's
you know Ed Markey as a bill in the
Senate right now to try to protect it
from the you know Republican FCC's
decision so everything from you know
macro to micro we just have so many
actual real things to deal with other
than these sort of like peddlers of
mediocre ideas and empowerment of sort
of reactionary politics there's a part
and I'm gonna get a little Alex Jones
here but it just feels like this is all
it's all coded they're flooding the zone
with nonsense
so that
instead of having a half an hour
conversation we're dougla and I actually
talk about real things and need to be
addressed we're talking about these
morons but they're but they're getting
new york times profiles and they're
taking an unbelievable amount of oxygen
with with ideas that it's like and i
think there's another thing that these
but their followers and the kind of
cults don't understand it's there i mean
the ideas have been addressed you know
that the bell curve has been critiqued
horrible foreign policy ideas have been
critiqued scientism and positivism have
been critiqued for centuries you know
and even the other stuff it's like yeah
great clean your room
eat a high-protein breakfast take a run
i'm i'm a big fan might believe it or
not my apartment is very tidy great i
believe it yeah so bucko but so we're
you know where's the part i don't know i
don't even know how to phrase this as a
question but it just seems so like this
is like almost an it's a very sad and
not fun there's no like it's you know
it's not it's not a party it's not like
great pop culture but this is oh it's
basically just like a bread and circus
show that's distracting us from real
 we got to get on top of but at the
same time also opening a door to even
more damaging things i don't know it's
very frustrating i don't know if that
makes it yeah yeah no okay so i want to
say one thing and i'm just using this as
a way to plug but you know it's true
this new york times ran a piece on the
the intellectual dark web and and give
them a boost they also ran a few days
earlier birthday greeting to karl marx
at one of our authors internal books row
jumped out there with Marc Maron station
barker animate Jordan Pederson and ben
shapiro and glenn back in james would
tweet like crazy at the new york times
about how how dare they try to bring
this outmoded backwards mass-murdering
ideologist you know to the new york
times right um so yeah i don't know i
think the the the idea that the
capitalist
Media will just put anything out there
if it might get some clicks and right
maybe true um the other thing
The Economist's just ran a piece on how
like it was something to the effect you
know and of course they did their usual
bob-and-weave but the broad point was
that marks is surprisingly relevant to
understanding today's capitalism so even
in the Economist right now ya know I
think I think the people should really
read like forget about bash master
evolution I don't but it really recap
when once but the the point that you're
making is is there a conspiracy I mean
you're not really asked not you're
consciously not consciously but just
that dynamic when it's like it couldn't
be more urgent to deal with real things
than ever and yet like this just sort of
piqued middlebrow is so front
and center to the agenda that actually
if we did ignore it it would be like the
same way that I basically tried to
ignore like gamergate several years ago
like whatever I don't want to talk about
this there's things going on Yemen
and now you know now those guys like run
the Republican Party yeah I think I
think I think what it is is that when
you are up against a really difficult
problem people whom sound confident and
say things that you already think are
going to be appealing and they get to
say they're they're big the big plus for
them is they get to say things that some
people already think what are afraid to
say like right you know maybe black
people have low IQs or something like
that and so so that's why they're
appealing in a way and and I just but I
really think what it is answers even
wrong answers are better than just
questions that leave you anxious that
you don't have an answer today that's
how people art and constitutionally they
want closure all the time and these
people offer a kind of closure and a way
to identify I mean yep you know that's
like it's fun to think the year as cool
as Ben Shapiro I guess I just
that's a whole other very disturbing
thing to me like when did that become
cool Jesus I know I know
maybe we're overestimating us right the
New York Times is not really setting the
agenda for the youth of today that is
totally true but I mean some of these
guys are definitely you know if it
wasn't reflected back in a lot of online
interactions and even just sort of
questions that I got I wouldn't take it
nearly as seriously and so like you know
I know as an example I know that Alex
Jones I mean it's important to keep an
eye on him and it's incredibly
entertaining and actually unlike all
these other people he's actually a
genuine broadcast talent I mean Alex
Jones leaves you know Dave Rubin I mean
the only one of the guys in the whole
article who has any sort of like just
basic talent is Rogan um you know
everybody else oh my god but but you
know I know that Alex Jones like I know
that there's nobody who's watching me
and then also gonna say like hey Michael
I'm a fan of both yours and Alex and I
know you don't see eye to eye but I
really like your thoughts um brain you
know and uh you know brain force or
whatever right but I gave ya a frog's or
you know exactly or like the conspiracy
you know Obama wants kids to sleep with
you know have sex with cars or something
right like that's not gonna happen but
but these guys you know they pop up and
frankly I honestly find it you know I
don't I don't think any of its
particularly more intellectually
enriching or rigorous or relevant than
particularly anything that's coming out
Alex Jones is mouth to be honest I mean
I you know I get it's not as absurd but
it's certainly not but at any rate how
does this interface with bash bash
revolution your your new novel well okay
so that I guess the only thing that I
would say the interfaces with this is
that my novel along with other things is
a critique of what I'll call
instrumental reason yeah the main
characters dad is one of these kind of
technology topia scientistic
thinkers who kind of conceives of life
as being a race between human
intelligence and human stupidity
magged who just failed to notice how the
human stupidity and intelligence are
always intertwined so his goal I mean
Trump is elected in the book and and
there's a threat of a nuclear
confrontation or war and his goals get
the AI to help him save humanity
basically and his way of doing it is to
perfect everyone - through scientific
means and AI Enhancement make everyone
the best version of themselves that they
can be but what he discovers is that
that only escalates conflict that only
escalates with crisis when people are
smarter and faster and more intelligent
and healthier they just do the same
thing more efficiently so something has
to change on a different level not on
the level of perfecting biology or you
know retooling what is we have to create
something new and that's kind of a major
point and theme and in the book is that
the AI enhancement just isn't this
insulting isn't really working at every
every time he gets better at juggling we
don't get any closer to - to escaping
our doom
nor did utopia right are the same thing
and of course I mean that's obviously
you know that's definitely the sort of
Sam Harris scientism angle Peterson has
a scientism but he's also trying to
reinforce a kind of very reactionary
mysticism that actually leads me to the
last question we've talked about this
one things that's so bizarre
specifically about Peterson is that he
has a you know I mean no ship hero is
basically just a you know a far-right
you know typical far-right conservative
who thinks Trump's a little uncouth and
you know is totally racist towards Arabs
and has the same just kind of you know
do
regulate social reactionary policies
blah blah blah and then you know Dave
Rubin is just kind of an airhead who
nods along and and and Sam Harris is a
scientist Sian of scientist and it's
sort of bad foreign policy with
positivism and a trust-fund and zero
self introspection peterson is very
weird because it's a fusion of you know
the he's a he's very very socially
reactionary but he's also trying to make
a case for naturalizing capitalism which
in both you know capitalism in both very
good ways from a perspective of social
progress and also in very negative ways
is never gonna allow um in the long term
for the types of you know social
stratification and you know traditional
gender norms that he pines for so he
really has a contradictory viewpoint and
you know that maybe that's for the next
novel ya know I definitely think that
Peterson the way he self-contradictory
is interesting and that's actually
probably one of the reasons he's so
appealing is because it does offer
people some things to think about that
aren't just you know clearly talking
points for some part of the Republican
Party ready he you know Joseph Campbell
was a very big pop phenomenon and was of
interest to lots of people and his
lectures are still probably being
watched by certain subculture today and
all of that power of myths and what is a
what is human nature and what is a human
imagination made of is there you know
other categories that are universal to
the human imagination can we see them
across cultures all of that is um is
interesting I I am not aligned with you
at all and I think Joseph Campbell's
work is but I still think it's
interesting right right so that that is
one of the things that
Peterson has going for him the problem
is that he wants to ground our identity
and our basically our ancestry
evolutionary ancestry but also I think
cultural and that could very well bleed
into an our racial and just well I mean
there's aspects of Union thought that
can align with really reactionary
fascist race racialist thinking yes and
and so that's the fact that he's
interesting is actually one of the
things that makes him sort of more
dangerous I was he like you know he's a
monster
yes that's what it is big talking points
be a monster but yeah hold it in check
Jesus Christ it's so nice that all of
these incredibly emotionally healthy
people such a big influence on culture
maybe it's like sam harris needs therapy
jordan peterson needed to do less
therapy and I don't know ben shapiro
needed to lose his virginity at
appropriate age i don't know and and
dave rubin was just hopeless I don't
know well I'm talking very specific as
something needed to happen for Ben
Shapiro I don't know what I mean but my
guy not even a hand job on birthright
okay
Douglas Lane he's the author of bash
bash revolution he is the publisher of
zero books and host of the zero books
podcast a very very good podcast and
YouTube content and everything else
Douglas appreciate your time as always
hate they trap me on
