start here because the what's been
fascinating over the past week is and
the Republicans are quite good at this
creating this notion that somehow a vote
against Kavanagh was going to be
detrimental to their electoral chances
now Susan Collins had to make a decision
and I'm not convinced that John McCain
passing away didn't greatly change the
calculation for someone like Lindsey
Graham and for Susan Collins like I
don't think it was a coincidence that
Graham had his sort of showboating
moment where do you want to see any
primary well I think it's a 2020 primary
but I think it's also a question of
branding I think there is an awareness
that like they can't there there is not
the same opportunity to be this type of
Senator like it doesn't have any value
anymore it doesn't there is you know
with John McCain to the extent that
there was any wing of the Republican
Party and I wouldn't even say it's a
wing at that point it was a couple of
feathers at the edge of a wing that was
pretending to be something that really
doesn't exist in the Republican Party
anymore John McCain when he left that
coalition you know lost a significant
percentage of the people who were in it
right like I mean to the extent that
there was one was there three people in
that he sort of wing at the but you know
you lost 33% of it and so Graham went
his direction and I think Collins also
made the same assessment that there is
no room there's no path for me within
the Republican Party to maintain even my
veneer of moderation and you know we saw
her speech which it seemed like you know
let her talk for another 10 minutes
she'd be talking about pizza gate and
but the the the conventional wisdom was
that the Cavanaugh nomination had
energized Republicans and it may have
and there were early reports that the
Democrats were worried what would happen
if Cavanaugh was not confirmed and the
Republicans they were worried if they
didn't pass Cavanaugh that it would hurt
them well new polling out now shows that
forty six percent of voters said the
Senate made the wrong decision in
approving of the Cavanaugh forty percent
said it was the right to elevate him to
the high court now this is a national
poll so you know in some respects it
doesn't matter because there's no
national election yeah that's a good
thing they don't decide things by the
popular vote well the thing is is that
we only have state elections right I
mean we don't have there's no national
election in the off year so really it's
more important what any specific state
says or what any specific congressional
district says but this gives you a broad
sense of what's going on but for general
democratic purposes it's not looking
good
what's not like a good in terms of just
one more example of why the Supreme
Court is not in any way a democratic
institution right well of course I'm not
a democratic institution in fact half
the members now or at least is it half
the members or two-third one-third of
the members four people I guess have
been appointed by presidents who did not
win the popular vote I mean aside from
but not being democratic in the sense
that nobody likes them we have a and we
have a Senate which 51 percent of the
Senate is controlled by something like
18% of the population of the United
States yeah it is
Senate's also
not particularly democratic either it's
like that was high Democratic ^
anti-democratic right and it was set up
that way I mean he you know it wasn't
until the 17th amendment that we had
even direct elections for the Senate so
three out of four Democrats say they're
very motivated to turn out and vote in
the midterms 68% of the Republicans say
they're very motivated that's a
substantial difference and there's no
reason to believe that a month from now
Democrats are gonna be any less
motivated there's reason to believe that
Republicans could be less motivated
simply because they get further away
from their success here the Democrats in
North Dakota are really trying to hit
Heidi Heitkamp with when she filmed her
ad saying that she wasn't going to
support Cavanaugh like did she do it
after before after the investigation
that's how they're trying to keep the
issue alive it's very desperate the
Democrat Republicans are and now the
problem is is that some of those red
states we've got I think some of those
red states there's just more Republicans
there and they're more energized there
is some evidence that Heidi Heitkamp
helped herself and we're folks like
Kristen Cinema and Ralph Brill brother
Phil Bredesen hurt themselves by saying
that were they in the Senate they would
have voted to confirm Kavanaugh mansion
it's hard to know but I I would imagine
can't touch me
yeah go screw yourself yeah I mean
mansion won his primary fairly handily I
think some she got about thirty percent
of the vote so and in the state that
Bernie won there probably is some
appetite the more and in some areas that
are to the left of him but he actually
if you watch him he does a pretty good
job
tending that it cares about that stuff
too yes really so popular I think I
spoke to Bob Kincaid from head-on at
Netroots nation and he made a point of
saying you know you can't trust mansion
because he will just sell you out in a
heartbeat and I think that's the case
again though I think that his Susan
Collins of votes four votes against
Kavanagh mansion does too
this was sort of a free vote for him at
that point but I think and he may have
made the right calculation in terms of
of not being abandoned by his you know
or to the extent that he was he makes it
up in Independence but immigrants are
much more forgiving than Republicans
when you vote the way they don't want
you to right I think I think yes to a
certain extent I mean I don't know it
depends on what state you're in but
independent voters far less supportive
of the decision to confirm Cavanaugh 47%
say the Senate erred 34% said it made
the right decision 36 percent of voters
said it would make them less likely I
mean I don't see necessarily the
evidence of they may be less forgiving
in terms of primaries but they tend to
come out during the general elections
the Democrats know the Republicans I
mean I don't know if I think the problem
is that in the context of primaries is
where you get Republicans are
disciplined and we have yet on the left
to match that level of intensity
oh yeah cuz they're sociopathic like do
you think the Tea Party cared if they
were hurting Republicans chances in
general elections you know they were on
a kamikaze mission and they succeeded I
think they do care though like I mean
they made some they made some
miscalculations and specific primaries
but then conversely there's much more
willingness
to subordinate themselves to things like
the court as an example and they've
they've not let the perfect be the enemy
of the good from their primary in the
primary in 2010 they made bad
calculations yeah don't they still swept
people like the guy who called in like
you shouldn't run again a left candidate
against Democrats and primaries because
it'll hurt them in the general they did
not think about that
no the only problem that the Republicans
had when when they were was when when
they won with someone who's maybe like
not a witch
or with akin I mean the but I don't know
that they they didn't care about the
chances in the general election as much
as I think there is a disconnect from
reality with some of those people where
there's a presumption that far more
people agree with them than don't in in
those instances well it worked out very
well for them no long III I am all for
the strategy of primary yes and winning
the problem is that they're at up to
this point is that there's not enough
people like I I'm totally in favor of
primering someone like machen or Andrew
Cuomo or Joe Lieberman I mean across the
board
the problem is only insofar as like you
don't win I mean so I mean I think the
strategy of primering and disciplining
their politicians in that way is been a
very effective one for the right without
a doubt 36% of voters say it would make
them less likely 31% would be more
likely to vote for a Cavanaugh
supporting Senate candidate so you know
not a huge difference there and of
course again this is national so in a
red state very different numbers but
while that may help Heidi Heitkamp in
the end of the day in North Dakota
the there's also a plan B for
Republicans in North Dakota the Supreme
Court
I guess as of yesterday Cavanaugh had
not quite been seated or participated in
a four-four split decision and when it's
a four-four split decision at the
Supreme Court if it is deciding a case
that has been which it would have come
from a circuit court of appeals the
ruling of the circuit court the
appellate court stands and this is a
case that came out of North Dakota North
Dakota in 2017 following Heidi Heitkamp
win in 2012 she won by less than three
thousand votes in North Dakota
seven hundred fifty thousand people in
that state I don't know many how many
are eligible voters Matt any guess yeah
I mean obviously a fraction of 750 but
three thousand still represents in a
pretty incredibly small number of people
there is probably somewhere around
fifteen thousand eligible Native
American voters in North Dakota
the vast majority voted for Heidi
Heitkamp in 2017 a voter law of voter
law ID was challenged by native
residents in April of this year a
federal district court judge blocked
large portions of the law as
discriminated discriminatory against
Native voters why because the law as I
guess first introduced by the governor
in North Dakota there is no registration
you just show up to vote and you got to
show an ID so that's not necessarily an
unreasonable thing however the North
Dakota law said that you needed to have
a street address on your driver's
license now you can get driver's
licenses with Pio boxes addresses in
rural areas when I lived upstate we did
not have a street address for our we did
not get mail delivery there because it
was a rural area you got to go to the
post office and get it at the PIO box
well apparently on rural Indian
communities the Postal Service does not
provide residential delivery so tribal
IDs which are okay to vote with use Pio
boxes which under North Dakota law is
not sufficient so the IDS that they have
are okay it's just that the addresses
they have are invalid yet they don't
have residential addresses in terms of
postal service so a federal judge
blocked a big part of that law because
it's discriminatory against Native
Americans who live in North Dakota who
almost as a rule do not have a
residential address the 8th Circuit
Court of Appeals however allowed the law
to go into effect so during the primary
the law was not in the the IDS that had
Pio boxes were okay then the Eighth
Circuit subsequently allowed the law to
go into effect the Supreme Court in
splitting for four
or upheld that ruling try and guess what
the four-four split was how could though
the 8th Circuit of Appeals look at this
and not see that it's discriminatory in
nature there's no argument first off
there's no argument that somehow APO box
makes it more likely that you could have
a fraudulent ID I guess the argument is
that like well you could get Threepio
boxes but you can only have one address
I don't know who would do that to vote
they haven't found anybody who did that
but let's go over who the what the
composition of the 8th Circuit Court is
just to give you a sense of why this
stuff is relevant there are 11 active
and 6 senior judges levansky Smith he's
the chief judge he was appointed by
George W Bush
Roger Leland Woolman he was appointed by
Ronald Reagan James Logan was appointed
by George Herbert Walker Bush Steve Coll
Cullerton was appointed by George W Bush
Raymond Grunder was appointed by George
W Bush William Duane Benton was
appointed by George W Bush Bobby shepard
was appointed by George W Bush Ralph
Erickson was appointed by Trump Steven
grass was a report was appointed by
Trump David strass was appointed by
Trump and Jane Kelly that's weird she's
a woman on the entire court was
appointed by Barack Obama and then of
course there's six senior judges and two
were appointed by Reagan and four
appointed by either papi or jr. Bush so
that's what happens folks that's the way
this works well maybe if Hillary Clinton
get called for a green new deal
then you don't have the problem
got circuits I've got the map between
where heidi heitkamp won in 2012
let's see if we can find their
reservations so here is a Fort Berthold
down here is standing Rock here is
Turtle Mountain this one is a spirit
lake and then Sisseton down here and the
other thing to notice is this is all the
rural areas here this is farmers and
this is ranchers basically and this is
the college towns are on this side of
the river so there you have it I mean
any place that is that the bluest places
are those reservations and so this is
this is a law that is completely geared
and oh there's one other group now that
you mention it of people probably in
that state who also don't have
residential addresses but rather have
Pio boxes on their IDs college students
so this is a law that is completely
geared towards making sure that heidi
heitkamp doesn't win by disenfranchising
native voters and young voters in
college and that's it end of story
ballgame doesn't matter oh don't forget
poor people who might be moving from
address to address right you know who
else could get three addresses rich
people maybe they'll address that in the
next session unlikely but the the bottom
line is like this is why structural
stuff like this is so important because
it doesn't matter what heidi heitkamp
offers in terms of a platform i mean i
think i shouldn't say that but you know
she can offer all sorts of things to
folks but if they can't vote they can't
vote so that's the situation in in North
Dakota and it very well may be that
maybe make the difference I mean end a
story hopefully with a month left a
month left they have made this decision
the I don't know what the answer is I
mean I'd be curious if anybody out there
who's in that neck of the woods has a
sense of of what is going to be done I
don't know how you issue 10,000 new IDs
with street addresses I don't know how
that happens but we'll see we will look
into that more and see if there's any
any other you know fix or something like
that but that's basically that dynamic
is what we're seeing across the country
it's no difference than what we saw in
Wisconsin with Milwaukee remember
Wisconsin Clinton lost by 11,000 votes
10,000 votes there was far more than
10,000 votes that were suppressed in in
Wisconsin because of their voter ID law
Michigan 7,000 as these laws get passed
there's a reason why they're passed I
mean there's a reason why they do this
we will keep an eye on on what's going
on North Dakota
