[Music]
I'm is Israel democracy or is Israel a
potential Jewish theocracy so I think
that this definition will not hold water
for longer in your recent article
Israel's fading democracy you lament the
state of Israel's and democratic values
what are some of the most imminent
dangers to Israel's democracy it's not
an easy question to answer because you
see weaknesses in democracies all over
the world I mean you see the the eroded
trust of people in their democratic
elected institutions all over the West
so part of what happens to the Western
democracies happens to Israel as well
and this is the performance is not that
good the feeling of the individual that
somehow they do not serve me but the
stir of the day the elected they serve
their own purposes or goals or
self-fulfillment missions or whatever it
is and it's not there for me so this
part of it what happens to the entire
West is there in Israel I will say you
have at least three more components the
first one is we spoke earlier and this
is the inevitable collision between
church and state the second is if you
define Israel as a Jewish Democratic
state and the Jewish project takes over
the Democratic project all of the sudden
you realize that we have here an
ethnical democracy can democracy be
partial can you have just a splitted
concept or democracy is a kind of a
universal or should be a universal set
of values which is of course my
fundamental belief
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show were
broadcasting live from Brooklyn USA left
is best comrades friends and enemies
with super producer matt black hello
cut the irritation David Christian how's
it going super producer David Slovak he
is roaming the digital sphere discord in
the online guerrilla war of the yaqoob'
and left
we're wondering is it gonna be yaqoob
Ian left we have to have a name for this
TMDs guerrilla army we're figuring it
out on this week's program
Allison hearts that she's be justice
Democratic candidate for the United
States Senate in California she's taking
on a Dianne Feinstein with a for-real
platform of Medicare for all antitrust
monopolies busting of the major tech
firms getting corporate money out of
politics and reversing income inequality
we'll talk about why Dianne Feinstein
must go and then crew Bosh Garson Cara
he's in studio we're talking about as we
always do the strategy for a socialist
win for a real left he's been holding
conversations just an interview with
Bernie for the Jacobin we're gonna get
his take on Bernie's play now how it
fits into the larger social democratic
project and the larger democratic
socialist project plus his thoughts on
the ongoing coup and crisis in Brazil as
a bring to mind Marx's critique of the
Gotha program all that and then in the
postgame I'm in a show Bosch car some
brand new Dave Rubin comedy that has
been snuck to us by a close friend and
associate sohara deep throat our deep
throat if you will all that and much
much more for patrons in the postgame
but first Matt is there a way you could
just turn my sound up just a touch
just a hair um start with this week's of
focus which is that the choice in Israel
Palestine is justice or apartheid
there's no third option on this issue
the two-state solution is dead it's been
dead for quite some time there were two
deals that were put on the table at
different points in 2000 there was
intensive negotiations with Arafat and a
hoot Barak people blamed Arafat for the
collapse of those talks that's the US
and Israeli narrative the reality is far
more complicated and there were
provisions in what Barak offered
including non-continuous space for a
Palestinian state as well as important
areas of autonomy and self-control that
any modern state would need that Arafat
felt necessary to reject a who'd Olmert
put a slightly more aggressive proposal
forward for a boss a couple of weeks
before he left office and of course also
not too far off from when he committed
incredible onslaught and many war crimes
and Operation Cast Lead another Israeli
vicious incursion in Gaza these are
regular occurrences as settlements have
continued to grow and as we have a
political dynamic where Hamas governs
Gaza in a repressive and unjust manner
it is certainly moderated significantly
as a group it is certainly signals its
willingness to participate in some type
of two-state arrangement and any long
lasting political negotiation and
settlement is going to include as it
does every single place else on earth
deals with people with blood on their
hands if this catastrophe is ever solved
there's going to be Israeli leaders that
have presided over an apartheid system
of mass discrimination settlement
expansion indiscriminate killing of
civilians racial oppression and
religious person
you should in fact who will be part of
settlements part of power FW de Klerk
served as Nelson Mandela's deputy
president in the first democratic South
African government after the end of
apartheid Hamas is going to be part of
any negotiation and deal as much as many
of us and anybody on the actual left
should loathe Hamas for any number of
reasons from their previous commitments
of things like actual terrorism in 2002
and 2003 like suicide bombings in
Jerusalem - the fact that there are
pretty right-leaning religious party but
the reality is is that we don't get to
determine what parties and what forms of
resistance the Palestinians choose
nobody gets to determine that we can
condemn actions we can condemn actions
of everybody and we should but we don't
get to determine their leadership period
now what we have seen over the last
several years as well in addition to a
disempowered Hamas and Gaza Hamas run
like what even David Cameron the former
British prime minister and Tory called
an open-air prison with denying a
denying of access to humanitarian goods
and all other atrocities imaginable we
have a West Bank Palestinian leadership
that essentially serves as an Israeli
security contractor I am aware that
Abbas will occasionally come out and say
deplorable things about the Holocaust to
try to provoke to placate a political
base but the reality of the West Bank
Palestinian leadership is one of a not
only moderation and commitment to a dead
two-state process actually a often very
complicit willingness to go along with
Israeli policy that's the actual reality
separate of stupid or anti-jewish or
anti-semitic comments that Abbas has in
fact made Abbas has also been
authoritarian in his own dealings with
the West Bank Palestinian population
often times in concert certainly with
the ongoing and ever-expanding Israeli
occupation these are the truths
and what we've seen recently with the
opening of the Amazon Embassy in
Jerusalem over 60 people murdered by
Israeli security forces and people from
nikki Haley to that little worm Ben
Shapiro talking about flying kites from
a defenseless brutalized bombed killed
and snuffed out population as some type
of actual security threat so one of the
most powerful militaries in the world
would be embarrassing surreal and
hysterical if it was not so utterly
morally grotesque and repugnant the
reality is is that this struggle this
area of politics does fit in the mode of
South Africa it does fit in the mode of
some of the most basic choices that we
can make about democracy or not
democracy full security and rights for
all or only for some I'm sure that if
you are coltish about this and not
thinking seriously you won't take my
word for it and you won't take the word
of the man we're about to play either
but this should at least be registered
this is Nelson Mandela speaking in a
forum in New York City in his first tour
of the United States he's in Harlem this
is after he was released as a political
prisoner for over 20 years in South
Africa and he spoke on the relationship
between the African National Congress
and in this case at this time the
Palestinian Liberation Organization but
the struggle for Palestinian equity we
identified with the PLO because just
like our sons they are fighting for the
right of self-determination
[Applause]
this issue is not complicated it's not
hard to figure out like all the other
cliches the logistics of a solution that
ensures the full security Democratic
participation and cultural autonomy of
everybody there that will be hard to
implement and that will require a
completely radical reconfiguration of
our understanding and what factions and
who we support there and it is obscene
and a disgrace that even liberals and
so-called centrist in the United States
have caped for an emerging fascist
Israel and every far-right leader
imaginable there that has led to the
type of obscene brutality killing and
abuses that we've seen not only over the
last couple of days but actually over
the last several weeks and of course
going back to 2014 which was the last
major aerial bombing campaign by the
Israelis of Gaza how we get to a point
where Palestinian Israeli Jewish Muslim
Christian secular are protected where
rights are observed where everybody has
freedom of movement and everybody's
secure in their homes in their lives
that's complicated but the basic moral
diagnosis of this is not and the basic
asymmetry of power here is not Hamas is
nothing compared to a nuclear powered
superpower that occupies and holds under
siege all palestinian land and is backed
by the biggest superpower in the world
currently presided over by a trump
administration that clearly has its own
aspirations and fantasies and policy
intentions of racial apartheid itself
there's no middle ground on the moral
calculus it doesn't mean we excuse
anything from abbas as comments about
the holocaust to hamas engaging in the
targeted killing of civilians that we
condemn categorically just as we condemn
Israeli occupation
siege and mass indiscriminate killing of
civilians categorically but there's no
equivalency here one side has the power
one side holds the cards and one side is
systemically abusing and oppressing
another population and if you're serious
about having any kind of claims to being
a member of modern decent society how
most people try to defined it in a sort
of even very basic liberal and
democratic sense you cannot support this
Israeli state its justice or apartheid
the lines are clear are you with Jared
Ivanka Trump Bibi and the settlers or
were you with a non-violent boycott
divestment and sanctions movement to
liberate one of the most oppressed
peoples on the planet that your tax
dollars are complicit in oppressing and
killing every single day and I'll just
attach one other thing actual oppression
of free speech is the New York State
Legislature in government Governor Cuomo
passing legislation that bars companies
from getting state contracts that are
observing a boycott against the Israeli
apartheid state that is oppression a
free speech not somebody whinging
because a college student doesn't like
their YouTube show let's keep
things a little bit real when we're
dealing with actual real things and
that's really all there is to say about
it we have to get to the shoutout
but actually let's take a second first
what's going on guys what's the good
word this is the banter part of the
section we need some we need to always
remember the banter that little set you
did there really puts me in the mood to
banter hey no I know I apologize there
really was no you do the I do these
commentaries and there's just like
that is definitely something that the
show like I still need to game out and
figure out like that transition point on
the show between like you know
diagnosing something like that and I
knew that kind of pivoting I do that
unde eights all the time it's like I've
been going on about this just because
it's like a conversation we've had
earlier in the day and it's just still
in my mind and I'm like wait a second we
were actually having fun here do you
ever do I I've gotten better at that I
remember one time recently that I I
caught up with this girl that I used to
date and she and she just laid something
on me that we liked that I I went on
some like political tear like you know
and it was like you know like Michael
like it's it's midnight we're at a bar
like what the are you doing and I
and my first impulse was just like total
like Trump like I didn't do that don't
remember it's a total lie
do you do do you get into a political
thing yeah like what it like pretty much
anything will lead into like some sort
of either political bit like political
opinion or conspiracy thing like
conspiracy it's like everything funnels
to that but the good thing is like I
feel like women are more into hearing
about that stuff like maybe they would
have been and this is I know I think
that that is true like I don't think I
think everybody's more open to that now
I it's also a fine line because it's
like I understand that political people
by and large that we can be an extremely
annoying Bunch
and people don't want to hear it and I
think that that's like totally valid but
at the same time there's also like the
other extreme of like yo like if you
don't have any like sensory awareness of
your world like I don't like I
could learn to shut up on my political
rants but if you literally are just
saying like in politics like yeah and I
really want to talk to you like come on
like the we're not there are no
sidelines anymore I would take a I would
take a impassioned political discussion
with somebody at a bar any day over
those horrible careers political
conversations that you hear at DC oh
well four years of well DC's a whole
other sick animal because all because
all it happens I feel like in DC is like
the same boring conversation you get
here like like a Murray Hill
conversation about working in finance or
being like a junior Account Manager just
gets transferred to like whatever
scumbag Congress person people are
trying to work who's who's who's boss
right I will say if I have to if I was
in finance I would I would have much
preferred dating like four years ago
then now like finance things seems to be
kind of like people seem to be over
there did the brands taking a beer yeah
the brand is taking a beating all right
guys well you know what that was
actually I think that was very well done
banter frankly we have a dis shout-out
to it but it's it's well you broke the
third wall well and you got us where we
need to go super producer Matt so I'm
very excited as we get to this shout out
which will also foreshadow tonight's
Gulag I am so excited about this DJ Dan
turkey the genius the inimitable the
fire beat maker one of the most talented
guys on the planet check him out DJ at
DJ Dan turkey on Twitter Dan turkey
productions he's a genius I have
requested and of course he already made
the intro song for the show he just he's
a genius he's a generous genius he's a
generous genius I would love to have him
in studio sometime he gave us beat for
the shoutout and here it is I don't want
to agree but if Dan Turkey could give us
a shout out beat though
the line professionals let's get to I
literally when I open that in my email
on the way to work today I actually like
listened to it like in lieu of podcasts
on the walk Seattle City Council has
unanimously passed a Seattle City
Council of proven quoting now from
Gizmodo a Seattle City Council approved
version of a head tax plan a progressive
tax plan on big business to combat
homelessness in the city
putting end to a months of fierce debate
this is an urgent lien eeded a piece of
legislation that goes of course right to
the one of the most extreme examples of
the structural inequality and abuses
that define our society today this is um
you know Seattle is representative of
most leading cities has a you know
extreme inequality problem and an
extreme homelessness problem and this
was a small modest but important
intervention to both reclaim some wealth
and target an incredibly important
problem Jeff Bezos and Amazon have been
whining and putting a significant amount
of money against the measure he put in I
believe a hundred thousand dollars
himself to compete to defeat the 109
eight campaign and uh Amazon which is
fighting this with all they've got or
with a significant amount made five
point six billion dollars in profits
last year and effectively paid nothing
in federal taxes and we'll talk about
Bezos more later one of the worst people
on the planet
but I will just say he wants to
an interview der that he thought about
founding his internet bookseller startup
on a California Indian Reservation to
escape taxes tech entrepreneurs are your
enemy all right we're gonna do a brief
pitch here ok ok
I'm really not mad at almost like a
entirely dips if you love tea mb/s
there's a new show that's just for
patrons it's just for the patrons of tea
MBS and for our brothers account the
dings this is a brand new show just for
you well uh it's called woke Bros and it
is co-hosted by myself and big waze waze
nee long break the second episode is
going up either on Thursday or Friday we
haven't decided Lin we're gonna release
it but either Thursday or Friday we go
into the class dimensions of news Lu
Banks attack on cardi B plus we talked
about why for Ollie north crime has
always paid and we get real about Israel
Waze stands for LeBron this is a hold of
show guys it's a significant addition of
to content for all patrons so that's
happening we continue to grow 2,000
patrons is the next goal we hope to
reach in August and then we have our
next animations coming the next one is
very close it's a Mandela one and
there's any number of offerings that you
get including group conference calls a
powerful disc word community that is
community organizing and generating
politics there is an incredible
community there and it's time to join it
at patreon.com slash t mb/s patreon.com
slash t mb/s spread the word we'll see
you there we'll be right back with
Allison Hart see
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
