[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex so much our day report with sam
cedar it's Wednesday October 5th October
17th excuse me October 17 2018 my name
is Michael Brooks on a Michael Wednesday
and this is the five-time award-winning
majority report we're broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on today's
program
Tina Vasquez she's a senior immigration
reporter for rear eyre dot news and she
has a piece abolish ice beyond the
slogan we're talking about the history
of ice where does it come from
what would an actual humane alternative
look like with regards to immigration
and how can we actually get rid of this
terrorist agency Mike Pompeo is in Saudi
Arabia because there's a mystery to
uncover who killed Jamal --is-- cachaca
lieutenant whodunit it's a classic
whodunit we really have no idea
strangers on a train earth sits murdered
on the middle-eastern Express except
well it's the Orient Express doesn't
that work here in the Arabian express
Saudi Arabia times a 100 million dollar
gift to us efforts to stabilize Syria
quote unquote stabilize Syria nicely
synchronized with the Pompeo visit
McConnell eyes cuts to Medicare and
Social Security to address the deficit
as the
next cycle of the right-wing game plays
itself out and you need to go out and
vote in 2018 only weeks away Brian Kemp
continues to purge and attack voters
across the board in Georgia but
protestors activists and the very
effective very smart Stacey Abrams
campaign is fighting back the white
house looks to replace Ryan's inky the
Interior Secretary who is getting
investigated is this another guy that
didn't give Trump his cut it's got a
history of this already
he's definitely as a history of this
also lied about being able to fly fish
apparently really yeah which is I mean I
can't I don't know why he says a career
in Montana politics well I know why he
sells a career in Republican politics
defrauded students win a class-action
certification in a lawsuit against DeVos
great news for students and America
Alaska's lieutenant governor resigns
after so what he calls inappropriate
remarks we'll get to that jr. Bolton ro
has a strong lead in the polls as
fascism surges in Brazil with the
strategic guidance of Steve Bannon and
the total claps and breaking of the
centrist political class in Brazil to
fascism as Lula da Silva remains gagged
in prison by the Brazilian Supreme Court
we could be on the verge of the largest
famine in the world in a hundred years
because of the Saudi UAE US war on Yemen
and getting back to basics Canada makes
marijuana legal I'm thinking of one song
contributor they're finally Canadians
will chill out a little finally
Canadians can relax and I guess well
this is in the packet some guy who owned
a brothel in Nevada of who like Trump
died okay goodbye guy we hardly knew ye
nor particularly cared
and Christian services they Bethany
Christian services is fostering migrant
kids it also has a coercive history of
adoptions all that and more on today's
majority report Mike Pompeo the
Secretary of State who looks like a
creation from the Koch brothers labs
sort of we say like corn syrup come to
life
he's a extraordinarily extremist
far-right figure a Koch bract guy you
know like pretty much all of them are
but it's just important to note that
when even this guy this sort of you know
extremist House guy has ascended to the
heights when you come from the Koch
brothers House District and then you're
putting in the positions of power that
Pompeo is it's time to get concerned a
little bit yeah but of course I'm sure
that folks are super concerned about the
Trump administration because they pour
racism say not like I've been funding
racist literally discriminatory efforts
for decades going back to James Buchanan
say I really don't like the racism um
anytime a libertarian tells you they
don't like the racism say you're not
very bright do you like inheritances
from the racism times right do you like
the idea of doing anything about the
racism
do you support policies that codify it
how about the structures the racism put
in place the structures that feed the
racism well that's not a thought
experiment none of that is thought
experiment based thinking which is where
Liberty comes from Mike Pompeo is in
Saudi Arabia because of course we have a
classic whodunit on our hands we do know
and we have known for years both the
Obama administration the Trump
administration who done it in terms of
mass murder in Yemen and it's also us or
accomplices in the crime but who done it
of the interrogation and murder of Jamal
Khashoggi so here's what we know
it's important to review this because
this isn't just taking Turkish reports
at face value this is we have CCTV
footage of Jamal khashoggi goes into the
Saudi embassy the Saudi consulate and
doesn't leave and then we have the
surveillance footage of that team that
came from Saudi including a DNA expert
so that's what we know supposedly the
Saudis have been preparing and they're
putting out the story that this was an
interrogation gone wrong which we got
Coen Brothers situation right it was a
very it was a very Coen Brothers
situation and I mean I I guess in the
strict that like I there pretty much it
matter like yeah we tortured him and
we're interrogating and we were gonna
abduct him and then I guess somebody got
a little overly frisky and murdered him
see I told you there was an innocent
innocent explanation there obviously
literally right now as we speak if they
haven't decided already figuring out
who's expendable here and no doubt MBS
felt comfortable doing this in the
context of a trump presidency Donald
Trump calls the press the enemy the
people all the time
MBS is just following his lead but
here's Mike Pompeo in Saudi Arabia and
there's an interesting accidental word
choice in this clip but of course you
can tell as representative of the Trump
team they're really serious about
getting to the bottom of the murder of
Jamal khashoggi
told me they were going to conduct a
thorough complete transparent
investigation they made a commitment to
to hold anyone connected to any
wrongdoing that may be found accountable
for that whether they are a senior
officer official they promised
accountability for each of those persons
whom they determine as a result of their
investigation as it deserves
accountability they made no exceptions
to today withhold accountable they would
they would just start they were very
clear they understand the importance of
decision I was implying they are
determined to get to the bottom of it
and that they will conduct the report
and we'll all get a chance to see it
they they each promised that they would
achieve that
I don't want to talk about any of the
facts they didn't want to either and if
they want to have that with this
investigation in a thorough way and I
think that's I think that's I think
that's a reasonable thing to do to give
them that opportunity and then we'll all
get to judge right so they want an
opportunity to figure out what their
cover story is for the abduction and
murder of this guy the detention of him
in a consulate and I will say given MBS
his record and his moves against rival
members of the royal family I would not
be surprised if he feels comfortable
with other royal family being held
accountable for this
I would definitely chalk that as
extremely plausible than MDS could
probably think of several cousins that
he would be down with penniless on the
trouble is for him in terms of covering
this up is that Jamal khashoggi and
other people on the hill in Washington
had connections to other members of the
royal family who rivals of this guy so
that might be hard to do that but it
says I don't control these guys know
sorry that was Gavin McInnes
yeah right exactly like we started it
with it's a thing it's called the
monarchy 38 hundreds of years it's like
a club and we have the Royal sites and
but you know if people killer
blasphemous I don't you know that's just
my army and intelligence service I don't
run them I'm a reformer this is a
picture of Mike Pompeo and NBS this is
about their fourth date and they are I
will say MPs really does he has the he's
got a winning smile I can't tell who has
more butterflies in their stomach yeah I
like how they're gonna read bromance
I love how like the Saudis are like the
only Muslims that these guys don't hate
they're like we would be completely
loathe Muslims period if it was just the
Saudi monarchy man good guys okay so
when someone pointed out to me the other
day that MBS is a millennial mm-hmm he's
only 33 if there
before which makes sense because
Millennials do you tend to murder things
and people right they also murdered Joe
Crowley's career apparently but this is
the sound I hear when I see this picture
do you want to go the picture just
quickly yeah copy right there's three
seconds but you get the joke I like this
that is like I like how there they are
they really are they're like no we're
not even gonna do let's not even pretend
to have even pretend of the photo-op
where I look like gravely concerned
about you clipping torturing murdering
and dismembering I mean I'm sorry and if
kids are listening and they probably
already should have been listening to
this if they're really young but like
let's just outline that for a second
this Turkish police version of this
story which they have the the video
surveillance evidence which everybody
sees supports this as well as the
testimony of Jamal khashoggi zuv former
fiance who has been very brave and
aggressive on this is that he walks into
the consulate is detained tortured
murdered and then cut up into pieces and
driven out in a van like I mean I'm not
trying to put two five mean I guess like
on some level like to kill somebody is
to kill somebody but like premeditation
that is a rat in a consulate
that's like where you know people go to
update their friggin passport pictures I
mean he was going there to get to
basically just take care of some
domestic business because he's getting
remarried and they tortured him and they
chopped his body up like I mean I'm not
even gonna do a movie analogy because it
actually is tasteless like that's
literally what they did and this
is the outcome of that it's like a hey
man how's it going
it's impunity that's global
authoritarianism that is the Trump era
typical millennial entitlement he's
really really trying to turn us into a
millennial bit millennial bin Salman is
like mom mom why can't I kill Jamal guys
Auggie
mutt dad has killed all the dissonance
there is no dissonance for me to kill
why did the baby boomers kill all the
dissidents there wasn't an opportunity
for us to kill the dissidents well as
Thomas Friedman say he had a dark side
including millennial entitlement and
some balls as Thomas Frieden would also
say yeah and if you willing to have the
balls to chop up Jamal tashaki
if you have a New York Times
subscription cancel it folks indeed
support something that needs support and
is actual resistance one of today's
sponsors or today's sponsor is news
voice comm slash majority we all know
and actually perfectly apropos with what
Matt's talking about we live in an era
of high media concentration monopolies
and bubbles where people only consume
news from very narrow sources which
either fit pre-existing narratives that
they already have or don't challenge
bigger narratives that the conglomerates
have it's important and smart and wise
to have a high-quality diverse range of
news analysis and opinion and there's a
new company that's come up with their
own response to these problems it's
called news voice it's an app for iOS
and Android which you can access for
free if you go to news voice comm /
majority and it gives you a personalized
news feed by aggregating a mix of
mainstream media sources international
sources and independent media sources a
big part of my process for both shows I
do is a lot of international news
sources and I know that people know that
I pay attention to enter
shanell stories so that's part of it but
I also like to read and watch how is an
examiner ants 24 is talking about
elections here talking about dynamics
here they have sometimes analysts from
the United States that don't go on the
cable networks that are actually really
good
come guest for this show as an example
multiple sources are provided for each
news story the entire app is fueled by
crowdsourcing you can upload stories you
think are important so more people will
see them you can add stories to the app
you can add a source that's missing for
a story it's meant to be completely open
and democratized news aggregator that
lets you get every side of every story
they also have video interviews then a
video interview series featuring guests
from Chris Hedges to Alexandria Kazuya
Cortez go download the app for free at
news voiced calm / majority I've Anna
we've put a link under this video if
you're watching on YouTube we're gonna
take a brief break and we will be right
back with Tina Vasquez we're talking
about how to get rid of a ice by the way
I just want to say we got DJ dinner key
on the music oh yes indeed DJ Dan turkey
gave us a slew of fresh beats for M R
and T mb/s he is a gem Dan our key set
up a patreon so we can all support you
thanks brother
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I was simply trying to fix the culture
in many ways we were a superpower we are
now a hyper palette
[Music]
as the moms
[Music]
you have a wonderful day bro and I'll
see you again soon welcome back to the
majority report Michael Brooks here
joining us now is Tina Vasquez she is a
senior immigration reporter at rewire
dot news Tina thanks for being here
thank you for having me Tina you have a
new piece out called abolish ice beyond
the slogan before we get to how we
actually abolish this monstrosity can
you go back and give us a history of ice
does ice go back to the founding of this
country
it doesn't which is maybe well at least
that's the argument of the advocates
that want to abolish ice is that it's
it's doable because it's not like an
agency like border patrol which has been
around since the 1920s ice was created
in 2003 as part of the Department of
Homeland Security and it was created
right after the September 11th terrorist
attacks and so immediately you saw this
sort of conflating of immigration with
terrorism and in the beginning at least
ice really impacted Muslim immigrant
communities in unprecedented ways and
now you're seeing sort of similar
tactics being applied to immigrants of
all kinds including Central American
immigrants Mexican immigrants you have
these narratives about them being
rapists and drug dealers and violent
gang members and criminals so that
conflating of immigration with bad stuff
has kind of been how ice has always
operated but yeah it's only a 15 year
old agency how did ice ramp itself up I
think it's important to ladies history
out because there's no doubt that
there's a departure and an acceleration
under Trump and people who would draw a
false equivalency between Trump and
Obama's an example that's just
inaccurate at the same time obviously it
was created under Bush in the context of
counterterrorism that's a really
dangerous thing to merge and equate
immigration writ large and terrorism
specifically and then under you know as
the Bush years progressed and then under
Obama ice became an incredibly
aggressive and really ruthless almost
like power military mindset agency how
did that happen I mean I think it really
has to do with funding I mean there are
multiple instances in which you see ice
asking for far beyond what they budgeted
and Congress gives them the money just
about every time so they have these
resources to detain and deport people
and unprecedented numbers and there's
really not a series of checks and
balances for ice there are multiple
instances like even when something as
egregious as sexual assault happens in
an ice detention center it's basically
ice investigating itself so this is an
agency that has unprecedented funding
that moves too quickly hire people at
reduced standards and so and then with
the Obama administration in particular
you see ice basically get militarized
and that's often tied to it's like two
steps forward one step back so you'll
have something like daca rollout and
it's almost like to to appease
Republicans or people in opposition to
doing anything for immigrant communities
you'll you'll see administration's then
feel the need to ramp up immigration
enforcement if they're going to give a
small percentage of immigrant
communities anything like daca then that
came with increased border enforcement
it came with more ice agents it came
with an uptick in things like ice raids
so it's like a tit for tat kind of thing
if there's any sort of advancement for
immigrant communities you see huge
increases and financial support for ice
which just lets them carry out the kind
of enforcement that we're seeing now so
I want you to talk specifically about
what concretely the shifts from Obama to
Trump have been in terms of the
aggressiveness of ice and I asking that
specifically because I think that and
tell me whether this is true or not
because I was seeing no more than I do
but my read on it is there's many many
things to criticize
Obama about with regards to ice and
immigration writ large from the
militarization of ice to amping up
deportations and so on and like you said
it was sort of in the context of both
trying to appease Republicans will never
be a piece they'll always say that Obama
is a you know Maoist Muslim whatever who
wants open borders no matter what he
does right and then at the same time sit
sorta sort of like make a deal because
generically if you polled us most people
I think not knowing much specifics but
if you ask most people including even I
think actually majority of Republicans
they're like yeah increase enforcement
but provide a path for citizenship for
people who are already here that's kind
of roughly popular and that's what Obama
was actually doing or attempting to do
so he did also to Dhaka on the positive
side he also was sort of like looking to
