[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
given all that he said in terms of
isolationism during the campaign I do
not think the lofty unfortunate really
unfortunate loss of this child is enough
to start that kind of military what'd he
do you went to a missiles on its way to
Los Angeles and hope is is that we
points out that that that if missile
interceptor work so that the doesn't you
sacrifice Los Angeles to say you know
what we waited wish in the way who or do
you go ahead and say there is going to
be a by the way if you do do this with
what I just suggested if you do a
preemptive strike to wipe out the
missile or they're unsure their nuclear
program or at least put it back several
decades you will have a lot of innocent
people who will die casualty the
casualties of war will be massive right
now you in charge you say let's go up
like now here's what I've said in the
past I said he this Kim jong-eun
continues to test these misses I'm gonna
put more and more danger to our West
Coast I'm with you I think I think
solution
good food oh it's gonna be very wary of
killing innocent civilians
[Music]
[Music]
on North Korea are the sanctions if they
don't work our all options still on the
table I get your answered also the
primary school after the second we'll
have to see I don't think I would
exactly play that car but we'll have to
see if the sanctions don't work you have
to go face-to-face to may be a very
rough thing maybe very very unfortunate
for the world but hopefully the
sanctions will work we have tremendous
support all around the world
it really is a rogue nation if we could
make a deal that would be a great thing
and if we can't something will have to
happen
[Music]
[Applause]
what surprised you today about Kim
jong-nam
really he's got a great personality he's
a you know funny guy he's a very smart
guy he's a great negotiator
he loves his people not that I'm
surprised by that but he loves his
people and I think that we have a you
know the start of an amazing deal we're
gonna Dean nuke North Korea it's gonna
start immediately and a lot of other
things are happening
he'll do it I really believe that
otherwise I wouldn't be doing this I
really believe in it was really the
engine testing site in addition to all
of the other things that they agreed to
do it was the they have a very powerful
engine testing that again worried
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
say hey I was wrong I don't know that
I'll ever admit that but I'll find us
I'll find some kind of an excuse okay
one - one more come on
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm very very honored for this award the
impact voices of courage and conscience
Media Award there was however very
little courage and one would hope an
ordinary amount of conscience at work
and producing our israel-palestine
episode of parts unknown
I was enormously grateful for the
response from Palestinians in particular
for doing what seemed to me an ordinary
thing something we do all the time show
regular people doing everyday things
cooking and enjoying meals playing with
their children talking about their lives
their hopes and dreams there's a measure
I guess of how twisted and shallow our
depiction of a people is that these
images come as a shock to so many the
world has visited many terrible things
on the Palestinian people
none more shameful than robbing them of
their basic humanity people are not
statistics that is all we attempted to
show a small pathetically small step
towards understanding to be recognized
in this way means a lot to me and to all
of us who worked on the show and for
that I thank you for the bottom of my
heart
Thanks
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show on
Michael Brooks were broadcasting live
from Brooklyn USA where left is best as
it is everywhere else greetings comrades
friends and enemies with super producer
Matt wait for it luck hello everybody
head to your Titian David Griscom how's
it going it's going well how did I do
not bad at all sweet so producer David
Slovak is roaming the digital sphere the
discord Twitter everywhere else and the
ever expanding ever aggressive T MBS
universe in this week's program
Mike Hanna he's an independent
journalist news presenter he covers
Washington DC in the United Nations for
Al Jazeera
he's a former CNN Jerusalem bureau chief
and we are talking about the Trump and
uncho plus the United Nations and the
crisis the really the abuse systemic
oppression of Gaza and where does Iran
stand now weeks after Trump detonated
that deal and then Cody Johnson he is
the host of some more news he joins me
and we are taking on the cult of Elon
Musk yup I did it in cells sorry went
right at you hero
Cody and I are talking about that the
why of it and much much more plus we
have a very important shoutout which
will really anchor the reality of what
has been behind some of these small
steps of progress in the Korean
Peninsula plus a major global terrorist
the chances are you've never heard of
died today died yesterday rather he's
going to be sentenced to the gulag for
eternity and we have a Griscom economic
minute
it's the hot new segment Thank You DJ
Dan turkey thank you everybody
let's go and let's start with an
assessment of this meeting between Trump
and on the president and the chairman
there's been a really bizarre media
ecosystem around this meeting
there's just the innate bizarreness of
Trump and ganjam on as leaders there's
the sort of profound bizarreness of the
four-minute propaganda video that Trump
aids showed to press people in Singapore
and there is the reality that the
results so far have been largely
symbolic but symbols really really
matter and there is a certain
derangement syndrome and opposing this
meaning among some of the more sort of
resistance parts of the contingent that
I want to highlight along with how this
looks in relation to Iran and how this
fits into a broader overall Asia
strategy that still remains highly
militarized but let's start by going
back to and here we are we have some
b-roll of the handshakes between the
president and the Chairman but let's go
now back to July 3rd 2007 this is a
Democratic Party debate and then Senator
Barack Obama got this question and
provided an answer that should still be
the blueprint for all US diplomacy in
1982 Anwar Sadat travelled to Israel a
trip that resulted in a peace agreement
that has lasted ever since in the spirit
of that type of bold leadership would
you be willing to meet separately
without precondition during the first
year of your administration in
Washington or anywhere else with the
leaders of Iran Syria Venezuela Cuba and
North Korea in order to bridge the gap
that divides our countries should also
point out that Stephen is in the crowd
tonight senator Obama I would
and the reason is this that the notion
that somehow not talking to countries is
punishment to them which has been the
guiding diplomatic principle of this
administration is ridiculous Ronald
Reagan and Democratic presidents like
JFK constantly spoke to Soviet Union at
a time when Ronald Reagan called them an
even evil empire and the reason is
because they understood that we may not
trust them they may pose an
extraordinary danger to this country but
we have the obligation to find areas
where we can potentially move forward
and and I think that it is a disgrace
that we have not spoken to them we've
been talking about Iraq one of the first
things that I would do in terms of
moving a diplomatic effort in the region
forward is to send a signal that we need
to talk to Iran and Syria because
they're gonna have responsibilities if
Iraq collapse okay so he was absolutely
right he remains absolutely right let's
be clear about this yes the results of
this meeting were symbolic there was
aspirations about denuclearization
that's not happening anytime soon there
was military exercises wargames that
Trump called off clearly without
coordination with South South Korea and
without coordination with his own
military that remains to be seen I think
calling a lot of those exercises off is
a good thing so even what he has
impulsively given up is a positive
signal now just to give a little bit of
context here there's a history that I
spoke about several episodes ago on the
sort of history of policy failures and
attempts at diplomacy with North Korea
there was the agreed framework and the
Clinton administration which is bogged
with problems from the beginning there
was a reckless pull out by the Bush
administration then there was an attempt
to reach a similar sort of deal in 2005
Obama practiced strategic patience with
regards to North Korea and not actually
the commitment that he made in this
debate answer and now we have clearly
again a reckless president one who
doesn't do strategy one who
has no coherence of worldview but with
regards to this situation the sort of
liberal hysteria about leverage is a
myth that we'll get to in a second but
let's get a little bit more broadly into
the history here now the North Korean
regime is absolutely one really arguably
unparallel in terms of humanitarian
abuses everything from ordering killings
and his own family to systems of gulags
political monitoring sexual violence
everything imaginable this regime does
that's not debatable there's also the
reality that over a million civilians
over 3 million civilians were killed in
the Korean War with a majority of them
in the North I had seen war battered
cities in Europe the Supreme Court
Justice William O Douglas confessed but
I have not seen the devastation I had
until I had seen Korea one of the most
brutal episodes was the no-gun Reem
massacre in which US machine guns which
the United States troops machine guns
hundreds of Korean civilians who was
huddled under a bridge for safety the
United States absolutely was complicit
in horrific crimes towards North Korea
and from the North Korean perspective
has maintained us a circle of US troop
presence inside South Korea war games
surrounding it and issued its own
threats and condemnation of it as a
regime so that's not an excuse that's
just a full understanding of the reality
now some Democrats and some sort of
mainstream commentators seem to go in
reverse gear from freaked out that Trump
was gonna start a global war with North
Korea which is a legitimate concern
given the state of mind and competence
of this administration to a reverse
ultra ha curry and performativity about
the imagery of meeting with on with Kim
and the reality and the and the idea
that because the North Koreans want this
level of recognition and prestige that
this is a sort of unbelief
probably important us bargaining chip
that Trump was giving up and it is true
this is something that the North Koreans
have always won and they've wanted it
for decades and they haven't gotten it
they didn't have it with Clinton they
didn't have it with Bush they obviously
didn't have it with Obama now what has
that posture achieved nothing that pot
that posture has achieved more isolation
more sort of Wars of words none of these
previous diplomatic agreements including
the more ambitious agreed framework have
sustained and North Korea has nuclear
weapons so this is a fantasy fear about
a ship that has already sailed any
person who is right-minded
knows that the reality is that war with
North Korea unless you're a lunatic a
demented person like Lindsey Graham
who's mused on this and said better they
die than we die that military conflict
with North Korea is impossible right now
it is an impossibility anybody who would
advocate for that is advocating for mass
unnecessary death period including the
destruction of one of our most important
allies even from that very basic
strategic perspective not to mention the
mass humanitarian consequences there
will be no war unless people who really
believe in God get into power okay and
or maybe there will be war because our
policy in Asia is essentially a
subsidiary of the arms manufacturing
industry which is a deeper structural
problem over the next couple of decades
particularly as we deal with issues like
the Taiwan Straits with China but with
regard to North Korea we can't have war
with them that means that the best
scenarios we can have is an open line of
communication between leadership so that
as an example a mistake doesn't happen a
satellite isn't misinterpreted to be a
weapon as an example that people can
this is actually one of the biggest
concerns of Korea experts was that a
conflict could break out purely based
and non-traditional two lines of
communication not being properly
which was a major concern of beginning
this administration now there is a line
of communication between the two
dictators that's a positive step forward
and also I would suggest that for all
the rightful cynicism and concerned and
fear about anything this administration
is involved in some of the rhetoric
coming out of this meeting and the
reality of the meeting validates the
peace movement in South Korea which
we'll be talking about in the south and
the shoutout
an opinion whose I would weigh sort of
much more highly than the average
overcompensated NBC hawk this looks
ridiculous in relation to Iran Iran made
real sacrifices they did a real deal and
they were portrayed there's no doubt
that the United States and Trump looks
absolutely ludicrous in the global
system and the lesson for any state is
to acquire weapons and get that
deterrence that's a bigger structural
problem but the reality of what North
Korea and the United States face is that
negotiation and talks are literally the
only thing possible and this as
ridiculous as it was was a step in the
direction and a positive direction that
everybody should recognize now we will
get actually relatively quickly to the
shoutout because we want to talk about a
really special group give us a shout-out
let's get out
were you feeling that as much as it
looked like Crisco you were really into
that man dude I'd love that alex jones
voice dude alex jones spits it's just
it's not debatable the finest broadcast
of our generation there is a group I
believe it is called woman crossing the
DMZ the DMZ is the Demilitarized Zone
not the Dennis movement it's definitely
not the Dennis Miller thing and I would
I bet many women would prefer to cross
the DMZ than cross the DMZ
but it's a nonviolent civil society
organization based in South Korea that
advocates for peace and reconciliation
between both sides of the conflict and
they do this in a variety of ways
including lobbying media appearances and
sort of trying to shape a broader
narrative about this conflict they're
certainly influential to some extent in
the current South Korean government
which has adopted a significantly more
conciliatory and diplomatic tone and
they definitely should be praised and
acknowledged every step of the way moon
jaein and the current South Korean
government I'm gonna read now this is
first from Brookings on me and but this
this this also involves civil society
protests and one of the most tense
pieces of physical space in the plant on
the planet the Demilitarized Zone
between South and North Korea on May
24th 2015 30 women from 15 countries
traverse north to south / 38th parallel
that has divided the Korean Peninsula
for almost 70 years
although critics that condemn these
women as naive dupes of the Pyongyang
regime eg South Korean protesters
harangue them with insults such as
useful idiots which is typical
right-wing sort of stuff and decisis
and deceive the world you weren't
unqualified for peace what these women
did and will quote I'm gonna continue
quoting now from from this is now from
their own site in their own words on may
2015 on the 70th anniversary
of Korea's division and to soothe to
separate states by the Cold War Powers
30 international woman peacemakers from
around the world walked with thousands
of Korean women North and South to call
in an end to the Korean War
reunification of families and woman's
leadership in the peace process
we held international peace symposiums
in Pyongyang and Seoul where we listened
to Korean woman and shared our
experiences and ideas of mobilizing
woman to bring it into war in violent
conflict on May 24th international
Woman's Day for peace and disarmament we
successfully crossed the two-mile wide
Demilitarized Zone that separates
millions of Korean families as a
symbolic act of peace that energy is
part of the context that allows for the
symbology of what we saw in Singapore
and symbology is actually very important
in international affairs
so all props to them to the woman woman
for more than crossing the DMZ they are
the shoutout and uh let's talk about why
it's time if you haven't yet and a lot
of you have to become a patron of tea
MBS we continue to grow steadily so as
as always we thank all of you I want to
thank everybody on the team and all the
patrons who are making it as possible
Lok Bros is a new show exclusively for
patrons that I co-host with woz of
course crew on this show we give you
this show a lot of work goes into a
two-hour public show that we do every
week and the vision really did kind of
have almost like a late-night show of
YouTube that sort of covers everything
from the sacred to the pro finger from
the from the crass to the most evolved
we want to hit it all and of course
including those animations then the
postgame which when we announce our you
knew YouTube channel which i think is
gonna be next week we're gonna unlock a
couple of those as well as starting to
chop these up into smaller bits of
content so you can keep sort of
spreading the message the content
across all of your social networks
dissemination dissemination it's a big I
mean you see to seven innings it's a lot
heat around it and the illicit history
series continues this past sunday marked
life stopped by official friend of
schönau to talk about the eurozone this
