[Music]
do you like what you see but I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well suck on
this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis
Airport homage our day rub far more
credible to me than PBS and front one
the majority report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Tuesday October 24th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today Shock
Doctrine in full effect in Puerto Rico
Ryan Zinke sends a cleanup crew that did
not even exist before the hurricane hit
the island meanwhile Bill O'Reilly is
pissed at to God apparently God
partially responsible for his massive
harassment payouts speaking of
harassment the assault on the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau begins by
Republicans they have two short weeks to
get rid of the provision that protects
consumers from so-called arbitration
clauses and after unshackling debt
collectors Betsy DeVos calls disabled
students rights meanwhile jumping goes
big-time in China Bigley so huge and the
new season of Handmaid's Tale is here
there's forced birth for immigrants onto
the Trump administration more white
terror unworthy of news and Bannon
supposedly dumps Milo meanwhile millions
of children risk losing health care in
just a matter of weeks because chip
remains unfunded all this and more
on today's program ladies and gentlemen
yes we are back from Vegas by we I mean
me I mean there are other people who are
back from Vegas I imagine I also imagine
there are some people who stayed there
if you did not hear the interviews from
Thursday and Friday I would encourage
you to go we did two interviews on
opioids which are a nice companion piece
to what you can read in The New Yorker
now about Purdue pharmaceuticals they
are at one end of the supply chain and
according to the attorneys that I spoke
to last week the suits the major suits
at least initially will come with the
distribution mechanism because those
folks had a statutory obligation to
report on what was happening I imagine
there's other there's other potential
areas where people could be sued in the
context of opioids but certainly these
three major companies that had a
statutory obligation to report what they
were seeing and then ultimately we have
this congressman who just had to step
down from being the drug czar nominee
who lobbied to rollback those statutory
obligations on those companies from
reporting what they were what they were
undoubtedly seeing which is wow we're
selling an awful lot of opioid pills to
a small amount of people that seems
weird but check those out also I did not
win big time did you did you lose big
time or just not a win
I mean a time for a sense it was there
were two zeros after the number that I
lost tough stuff tough stuff 300 bucks
tough
tough stuff it was tough and and I
gambled a lot so in some ways it was I
kept going up I kept going down I was up
a couple hundred hours in unusually
heavily this time no why do you keep
asking me I was just wondering well I
think I probably drank less hmm that's
that could be the Frances huh
very defensive I was very focused
I drank less well because I spent more
time at the tables and I won't drink oh
you're very focused at the tables very
serious business well I used to try and
act like I was drunk so that they
thought they could get one over me but
that doesn't work that way I did sit at
the table of my favorite dealer who's at
the Bellagio who tells you to double
down if you're sitting out a 6'5 odds
table double down on a blackjack against
the six who are you impersonating when
you pretend I'm joking I didn't pretend
I was drunk that would be childish right
right it's totally well let's say no
more about something new and dynamic
where it's not like the dealer says like
oh here's a drunk guy I'm gonna be able
to take a bit it's not the dealer's
money it's not the way it works it's not
like I was going into like structure
standing of hell yeah it's not like I'm
going into an illegal poker game and see
that sounds fun no I didn't do that but
as always Vegas was I always learned
something I will also tell you that
anticipate lawsuits regarding the
shooting there may already be some in
terms of the bump the bump fire stocks
bump stocks but there's going to be more
and it seems rather obvious you walk
around the casino there's a tremendous
amount of security one would assume like
what else would you be able to protect
us from that story has really I mean was
it still really present in Vegas like
it's totally disappeared from national
conversation kind of amazing I'm its
usual shock and trance
thing when in Vegas at particularly
these conferences I don't go outside of
the casino hotel area very much at all I
have no I have no cause to although
there they do have something where you
can go and rent like a like a huge
backhoe and dig stuff for like 250 bucks
like for 90 minutes and I will be doing
that next time but in the casino I
believe I in sort of like some quiet
conversations I had with some people who
work there people are supposed to not
bring it up and not discuss it because
obviously everyone there are tourists
and there's I don't know some type of
fear or whatnot when I spoke to some
people outside of the casino and some of
those people on the sly there was you
know people were upset
there was a slight feeling like I
remember from post 9/11 where there's
just sort of like a 10 of tentativeness
and a little bit of shock there is I
mean I and I imagine it's not you know
the the same level of intensity but it's
also you know you experience these
things you see them I think people who
were closer in proximity to what was
going on or in terms of people they knew
it was obviously much more disturbing
but it was weird there was a little bit
of airiness but it's also that place is
very geared towards tourists and so they
don't there was a there was a big
attempt not to to talk about it I want
to get into this story about what's
going on with a Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau because it has to do
with some of what we spoke about in
Vegas in terms of Equifax and in terms
of of identity theft and just deals that
you get into but first just a reminder
here's a question do people I see I
think like you know will in New York
for the most part everyone we know lives
in an apartment and so you don't really
contemplate the idea of an all heating
system or cooling system having filters
maybe I guess in sort of new buildings
but it's not the responsibility of the
tenant to change it but in houses in the
houses you have an air filter if you
have a forced air system and our
geothermal system is as a forced air
system so I've been dealing with filters
for 15 years now and it is a pain and
the butt to source them
it is a pain in the butt to remember to
remove them and because you got to
change them out or they're not doing
their jobs and they're but they're super
important they keep dust levels down
they filter out airborne allergens if
you have asthma or allergies it's a real
problem unless you are using these
filters to to keep it clean and the
number one problem with home filters
right I mean you can buy any type of
filter you can get certain levels of how
or what kind of pathogens they'll pull
out of or
little particles that pull out of the
air the quality of these things vary but
not so dramatically the number one
problem is forgetting to change them the
average homeowner changes their filters
one to two times a year and the minimum
is four that's the very minimum and the
beauty of filter easy is that it reminds
you to change them and you don't have to
store a big box of filters like I do for
years I just had these huge boxes and I
would over cuz I always forget like
where did I get these things from I
don't want to remember and this is so
much easier you don't have to forget to
change the air filters they deliver the
exact size of home filter to your door
when it's time to replace you save five
to fifteen percent on all home air
conditioning costs by keeping air
conditioning and heating systems
and they actually last longer I got a
big talk from my guy about that you can
get started today go to filter easy calm
and majority report listeners will get
their first delivery of a standard
one-inch air filter for free with free
shipping you'll see how easy it is
you'll never forget to change your air
filter again visit filter easy.com slash
or report and enter the promo code
report on the home page check it out
alright so one of the things if you
recall during the Equifax breach was
that when you signed in initially they
tried to do this when you signed it to
see if you if your stuff has been given
out and I mentioned in that interview
that we had on Friday or I think it was
on Thursday that I had frozen all my
accounts after that because when I went
through it said yeah you got a problem
here's our free you know credit
protection service and apparently at one
point during the wake of that if you
signed up for that you automatically
when it hit I agree you automatically
agreed to arbitration now here's the
thing when you're talking about two
different parties who are basically
economically enter an agreement with the
basically the same power dynamic okay
more or less no one's leveraging one
thing over another and arbitration is
fine to those instances but what we have
going on in this country is corporations
forcing us into arbitration situations
that make it much harder for us to get
redress and it's not just because in an
arbitration system it's going to be fair
and we won't get paid out it's just that
financially speaking if we don't have
the ability to go let's say into a class
action into an arbitration situation we
can't band with other people it's
not worth our while this is coming out
of that conception case in California
where AT&T charged all their customers
in extra three bucks and continually did
it and the court would not allow all of
the customers to band together and of
course it's not worth it for anybody to
go in to get three bucks back or
whatever that amount was so the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau had an
arbitration rule which inhibited a
company's ability to force you into
arbitration all right well you know we
see these in employee things and that's
a lot of the reason why you don't hear
in some instances like issues of sexual
harassment and whatnot because there's
some type of arbitration forced
arbitration in in labor disputes
so it's CFPB rule number one Congress
the Senate in particular has until
November 13th to use a congressional
review act resolution this is the thing
where any regulations passed in the last
six months of the prior administration
can be undone and the first I don't know
what it is ten months of the next
congressional session and they have a
week and a half to do this and Treasury
Department is the one pushing this
there's still an opportunity we should
tweet out dave dan has talked about who
are basically fence sitters on this
because it's a Canadian on his Twitter
it's a congressional review act they
only need a simple majority vote there
are swing votes in the rule are Kennedy
from Louisiana
Collins from Maine Portman from Ohio
Murkowski so if you live in those states
in particular but if you just want to
randomly call them it's worth it it's
important meanwhile Puerto Rico still
just dealing with an untold amount of
literally untold amount of of suffering
and Ryan's Enki this is pretty crazy
so Puerto Rico has a state-owned utility
usually what happens in these instances
when a utility company is dealing with
this type of when a utility company is
dealing with this type of devastation
they usually get into mutual aid
agreements with other utilities in a
similar local 'ti okay so for instance
Florida Texas they have these agreements
Florida gets hit they send electrical
workers from Texas over there to help
with the grid because obviously they
have an apparatus and they have a team
set up etc etc so for whatever reason
it's unclear why sure it has absolutely
nothing to do with Ryan's Enki who's the
interior secretary Puerto Rico
state-owned utilities turned to a
company that is only two years old from
Montana that on the day Maria hit Puerto
Rico had two employees two employees now
maybe they were the most expert best
people the best people the moseley the
best well versed when it came to Puerto
Rico's electrical grid there can't be 25
best
people can I be - there's only two they
wrote and of course they're in Montana
the Zinke clever guy where's my class
here's the thing the hurricane hits if
they're in Puerto Rico maybe they get
hurt if they're in Montana no chance
gotta think ahead stay away from all the
Puerto Ricans don't think ahead and the
problem folks is whitefish energy and it
said that it had signed a 300 million
dollar contract with the Puerto Rico
Electric Power Authority to repair and
reconstruct large portions of the
islands electrical infrastructure it is
the biggest contract issued in the
relief effort as of Monday whitefish now
has 280 workers in the territory using
linemen from across the country most of
them subcontractors and that number
grows on average from 10 to $20 people a
day so at least the money is not being
paid to a corporate structure within
Puerto Rico that could pay taxes on
something like that maybe right oh right
no well the two guys back in Montana are
on the phones of them constantly how's
it going the Power Authority and known
as prepa opted to hire whitewash rather
than activate the mutual aid agreements
it has with other utilities unclear why
whitefish did I call it whitewash
they've said the company's expertise in
mountainous areas makes it well suited
for the work those two guys these guys
know mountains being no mountains I mean
it's unbelievable I didn't know Puerto
Rico had mountains I thought it only had
rum like bad loans it says it
acknowledged that it only had two
full-time employees when Maria struck
but says its business model calls for
ramping up rapidly by hiring workers on
short term contracts nice nice super
nice meanwhile Zinke there was a
Corie in in Politico that Zinke has been
deeply involved in scam PACs where's my
cut that operate out of the Caribbean
nice so the whole scam pack thing if
you've ever signed up for an email from
any Republican entity or any
conservative thing they sell your email
almost quicker than it takes them to
actually send you an email and
eventually you will get emails from
these scam organizations and what they
do is they raise money
it's a tax-free donation and then they
spend all the money on their operating
costs of their life it's not a bad one
zing Key has some very weird
relationships apparently he again was
the congressman from Montana until he
became Secretary of the Interior I can't
imagine that Zinke was down in Puerto
Rico saying like you should maybe use
this outfit I don't know so Zinke has
been has had this relationship with this
guy Scott McKenzie who's he's the
organizer of the Virgin Islands GOP
political action committee I'm not
pretty important group there's none of
that for Rob and me and a lot of us in
fact Republicans in the Caribbean island
chain have accused McKenzie of
misrepresenting itself to donors what
that's a crime now it's a crime it's not
a it's not a crime it's just a mistake
nobody's clear nobody's accusing Zinke
of doing anything illegal but one
campaign finance expert said that the
information gleaned from this report on
Mackenzie's PACs show that Zinke was not
behaving like a typical politician and I
don't think it was he was bucking the
system Zinke is separately facing
investigations by interiors internal
watchdog and independent Office of
Special Counsel over his habit of mixing
politics and official business he has
cut his ties with these PACs since he's
been sworn in but apparently these PACs
he's been using to drive money there and
some like this one guy ripped a
representative will heard from Texas was
angered when the Virgin Islands GOP used
his photo without permission on
fundraising solicitations sue Asians
spread the free market to the Virgin
Islands now and he said that the Virgin
Island groups and fourth right which is
another one of these PACs are preying on
seniors in a disgusting attempt to
enrich themselves which oddly enough is
also the logo of the Republican Party
you're disgusting my enrichment
forthright says it raised 1.9 million
for zinc ease 2014 race by sending out
1.6 million pieces of e mail attracting
44,000 new donors about half of that
haul went to zinc ease campaign for
voter male radio ads TV ads
get-out-the-vote activities and lawn
signs but that was less than the six
hundred and eight thousand that zinc e
campaign spent on postage in direct mail
from century data mailing service so
there what are we doing I'm going to
become a Republican congressman it was
just very weird as the operating this
six hundred eight thousand on postage
was spent on direct mail services that
is located oddly enough in the exact
same ad
as the pack will you though
we're gonna show you how to raise money
completely tax-free and then spend it
with yourself on materials that you use
to raise the money I think the business
I think I found the renewable resource
Oh
oh my god hey dude is this am I
remembering correctly that was it that
was one of them delays scandals that he
had a relationship with Guam not Guam it
was the Mariana the Mariana Islands and
the part of the scam was that they would
pay him to get labour laws and they
excluded yes
but they could put made in the USA but
then have the same conditions as any
Asian sweatshop muscle exactly yes
exactly
all right let me tell you this story
this story is so effin disturbing I I I
don't even know how to respond to this
yes I do
so apparently there is a woman we don't
know her name she is 17 years old she is
a Central American immigrant who crossed
the border without documentation she is
she asked a three-judge panel of the US
Court of Appeals District of Columbia to
order the federal government to let her
obtain an abortion she has been seeking
this abortion for over a month now the
appeals court panel gave the Department
of Health and Human Services 11 days to
find a sponsor to take custody of the
girl the government is opposing the
request she realized she was pregnant
around the time that she was detained
