[Music]
and you do a lot in this piece but you
actually begin I think was a really
useful sort of restating and
reorientation of one of this phrase
neoliberalism which is I think it's
actually helpful its kind of restate and
reorient and clear terms what it means
to people pretty regularly so can you
start by just giving us your description
of what neoliberalism is sure um so and
of course it is one of those terms that
gets tossed around and becomes super
political but I think it's very helpful
to use it as a concept and the way I
would define it would be as a kind of
capitalism that uh sorry an ideology of
political economy a way of doing
business in a way of doing politics
that's all about on the one hand
privatization and austerity and
deregulation but that's also about
shifting the burden for various social
problems to private industry on the one
hand and to individual people on the
other so one way of looking at it is
it's a philosophy of governance that
sees everything that happens in the
state as being a question of the market
that understands political life as
market activity and that understands the
role of individuals as basically
consumers first and foremost as human
capital rather than as people so how are
you seeing that specifically play out
and the reactions to the gun massacre
because it seems like you know there's
this very higher I mean there's this
exhausting tired pattern here where some
up Senate you know just one of these
stories happens like even this morning's
thing happened in Maryland and it's so
it's so disturbing that you know you get
into a process where it's like or at
least speaking for myself where it's
like okay well there weren't any
fatalities so oh this is horrible but ok
you know that's less bad right like
we've almost got it it's gotten to
normalize to the point that we're
actually kind of like playing these
things against each other
of course they're all signs of you know
incredible cultural sickness and danger
and totally unacceptable these events
happen then you know Republicans do
their you know nothing can be done
thoughts and prayers maybe maybe
Democrats kind of offers some type of
sort of piecemeal technical thing which
by the way usually minoo sort of falls
disproportionately on individuals again
not our companies or industries and then
we're sort of stuck there
how do you see the underlying neoliberal
symptoms in the rhetoric and the
response to these shootings pure so
whatever one of these things happens I
think it's really helpful to just pause
for a moment and like analyze what are
our reflexive responses right to us as
individuals but also people that produce
headlines and politicians who have to
come up with statements very quickly
right what do what are what are the
metaphors we use what are sort of
positions we take and also running
through that what's sort of the implicit
relation to what's understood to be the
norm in all of them right one way of
thinking about neoliberalism and this is
a quote from Margaret Thatcher right is
that it's a philosophy that sort of a
philosophy that shows that there's no
alternative right it said we presented
things as the way they are so to
consider like the idea that you know
people be like after this latest
shooting in some high school somewhere
it's absolutely tragic these consider
all these all the innocence of the
people who are killed and all the future
that the potential the lies cut short
these people could have gone on to
become entrepreneurs they're all the
type of stuff right well the question
then becomes well you know shootings
happen all the time right in this
country not necessarily like rampage
spree killings but there's a steady
churn of gun violence that happens daily
33,000 people so what is it that makes
this specific event so horrifying and
it's strange how the rhetoric almost is
very frequently well um these people are
assets they have a potential
this is not a space in which file in
which gun violence should be happening
well the implicit half of that is well
where should gun violence be happening
right and that that idea that it gun
violence is normalized and acceptable
and not newsworthy and almost deserve it
in these other spaces it's pretty
striking and one thing that I think that
these mass shootings sort of exemplify
in a very disturbing way is how that
normalization keeps creeping out into
more and more spaces right obviously as
opposed to simply saying god no one
deserves to be shot whether or not
they're walking on a corner in Baltimore
or they're in a high-end charter school
right or the idea that no one deserves
to be shot regardless of whether or not
they're quote-unquote innocent no one
deserves to be shot regardless of
whether or not they're going to go on to
invent a killer app or you know have a
full actually name but maybe they should
be shot if they're gonna do a killer app
yeah yeah just when I had a little rip
into that yeah but will the scene here
is like a recession of political
responsibility and moral imagination
yeah in favor of just these like
constantly tacking the sales to like
well you know this shouldn't be
happening here instead of me like no
this shouldn't be happening at all
anywhere and that I think is a position
that's both emotional but also um about
like political imagination and policy
and that sense of the steady recession
of like rides there's nothing we can do
here this is just how it is this
continuing reassertion of an ever
grimmer reality is just the norm that's
a feature that it's not just president
Ness in their reaction to mass shootings
and gun violence right it's present in
our reaction to climate change as
president our reaction to like public
health and health care right this idea
being like what's something someone's
got to pay for if something terrible is
going to happen it shouldn't be
happening in this one space yeah you you
quote I mean I'm just gonna quote you
briefly because I love you said our
political rhetoric like our moral
imagination uses the vocabulary and
logic of the market assets and
investments of incentive and innovation
your personal health is an asset which
you must safeguard through savvy
navigation of a circuit
the insurance marketplace shopping for
doctors and medications and close
readings of complicated medical bills
and then this maybe we get specifically
to the sort of more neoliberal and
Democratic side of it because you know
the Republicans are the quite obvious
villains but they attract each other
here and this is where it creeps into
more quote unquote humanitarian rhetoric
just to finish your graph here
immigrants to our assets Human Resources
who financial contributions that our
communities and potential for
Entrepreneurship become a pivot upon
which we can hang Appeals for empathy
and support this man being tragically
deported by ice is a successful small
business owner this drowned child
refugee could have been the next Steve
Jobs and so on yeah in all these cases
it's like one doesn't simply being human
isn't enough you have to add value right
you have to have had the potential to be
monetizable for some other purpose or
for some other interest the idea that
your humanity implies absolute
obligations on the part of other humans
and from your government is is taken
away in terms of basically like a
calculus of efficiency and optimizing
impacts and incentives and outcomes it
it all gets laundered into this logic
that sounds hyper rational and very
adult and mature but that really is
about degrading our claim to having
certain absolute rights or certain basic
rights and that's happening across the
board and that's that's one of it that's
that's a neoliberal wasteland in a
nutshell yeah and attacked to that
neoliberal wasteland in this
conversation we are caught we're sort of
always decrying like you know there's no
action on guns we're not doing anything
there isn't any regulatory package
that's gonna pass I think that's a
conversation we have to get to in a
couple of minutes as well there's
nothing you know even more deeply we're
not addressing the alienation and the
you know public health aspects of these
things none of these things are being
addressed that's another kind of common
rhetorical track but actually something
you point out is that actually according
to that same neoliberal logic
these shootings are being addressed in
the form of a new industry of private
security contracts security drills and
schools and a new culture which once
again if we want to broaden the
conversation had already been you know
very very from a race and class
perspective militarization of schools
and you know policing and monitoring and
tracking of children of color and of
different class backgrounds is already
totally ingrained but now is kind of
broadening out there's a market
opportunity here so there actually is a
response but it's playing out according
to the same degraded wasteland logic
that's exactly right like neoliberalism
is a it's a way of doing business it's a
way of monetizing problems and also
creating new problems to be monetized it
has no inherent sort of value structure
beyond that beyond those ideas of
efficiency and optimization right so on
the one hand you can see and not just
looking at mass shootings you could look
at other forms of the gun debate and you
can see a certain neoliberal logic in
those two right in many states the
question of carrying a gun in public or
it concealed or otherwise is basically a
question of navigating certain
institutions and paying money to get
licensed and then there's an entire
ecosystem of training that you can get
to do it better and insurance that you
could have in case you shoot someone you
can retain a lawyer in advance for a
potential self-defense etc so there's a
way in which like the control scheme the
gun control scheme sometimes does
involve neoliberalism but here with
imagining specifically yeah we basically
have created a multibillion-dollar
industry for school security um we talk
increasingly about adding incentives
like let's blue let's give a teacher 500
bucks so they can carry a gun right
let's just put this on that and so on
the one hand there's a tremendous
monetization right there so this is a
lot of money that we're talking about
here also money that's being dispersed
to private sector players while at the
same time we're cutting school funding
right that's the other part of the
neoliberal thing right we're hollowing
out these institutions and enriching the
private sector but then also because the
private sector can't fix this problem
it's a political problem that requires
politicians to take
instead of just deferring to the market
what this means is that individuals are
left in the lurch and they're holding
the slack and so we start training our
kids to do active shooter drills we
start asking teachers to in addition to
being you know all that we already ask
teachers to do we're asking them now to
be you know test coaches and prep to a
job like prep people and counselors and
grief counselors to Jesus but also now
they also have to be able to like hold
open doors and take a bullet for their
kids right they have to be prepared to
kill a skill potentially one of their
own students who comes in with a gun
right - so this there's a lot of emotion
but like very real financial labor
that's put on people but also really
powerful amounts of emotional labor and
just cognitive labor and attention that
you have to spend and just this idea
that people are putting every individual
while on the one hand government
withdraws and on the other hand the
private sector is enriched individuals
are put in positions of ever more
attenuated precarity vulnerability and
more and more demands are being put on
them to fix problems that individuals
just can't solve and weren't designed to
solve and actually two quick points out
for that this is another great example
of how and just the the subtlety here of
the distinction I don't think there's
anybody I mean this isn't even a left in
some way very rarely I mean most things
are left and right things but I mean if
you have a sort of passing grounding and
reality obviously you're disturbed by
Donald Trump
but the flip here and I like when you're
when Trump went out and he said you know
if you've got a few kids we kind of give
teachers guns and you know it'll be
interesting and some of them be good and
you know and and this reaction like of
so many people to say oh there he goes
again he's a lunatic which is true but
the distinction being that actually if
you were looking at things on the
natural continuum the policies we've
already set and the incentive structures
we've already created like all too many
other things this guy is just in his own
you know vile bizarre way following the
natural logic to its conclusion like why
wouldn't you have armed teachers if
we're not gonna do anything on a public
policy level if
you know outsource security contracts if
we need to basically just have schools
in some form of kind of permanent Terra
and lockdown because obviously we're not
gonna do anything about it from a policy
perspective well inside that demented
world he's right that's absolutely it's
not he is not an outlier he needs an
outlier in the sense that he puts these
things in ways that are so incredibly
bald and stupid that you're like oh my
god how is this real but in terms of
that broader movement right there's a
there's a term for this in a lot of the
literature that studies neoliberalism
and that term is responsible is a ssin
you responsible eyes right as government
recession and as government receipt
withdraws from Babli the state withdraws
from taking responsibilities and the
social services they're slashed the
responsibility is delegated to
individuals it's their individuals are
in other words responsible eyes right
there made responsible for this problem
and this is there an in trumpian when
his wanting to arm teachers and it's
also there in you know after the park
wouldn't thing when his response was
well you know these kids need to be
coming forward more and and reporting on
kids who are problem makers right kids
who have the red flags and again think
about that not and think about that as a
kind of it's a kind of victim blaming
right like these students who are
getting murdered who does all say it's
partially their own fault because they
weren't doing enough free labor as
surveillance professionals on their
classmates yes and like I think if you
look like one movements on Twitter right
I've seen as they in response to the
walkout right it's eat
know what don't walk out walk up or
something else like that what the idea
is don't band together in solidarity
snitch on each other exactly don't be
political do unpaid labor as counselors
to prevent yourself from getting shot in
a situation in which you shouldn't be
taking a bullet anyways right and you
couldn't have a starker like commandant
that's like responsible Isis people than
math right don't protest don't have
solidarity just do more work to make
sure you don't need to pull it and of
course it doesn't push in the same way
as like are individually recycling isn't
going to fix the problem of like global
warming are individually intervening
with individual kids don't try and tell
them not to like shoot to shoot up their
schools when they have abundant access
to weapons in the first place like these
are all kinds of triage it's busy work
it doesn't affect the actual problem
