let's go to the phones come from a 2 for
0 area code who's this where you come
from
dammit that you yes
is this you it is Ito from Maryland
Zita veto of Maryland what's on your
mind so one quick thing before I close
my question is I'm I was saying and some
of the older YouTube videos there was
something I guess you guys were
considering doing for a while and then
you dropped it this thing called my
problems with Sam cedar did you guys
give up on that or that may have been a
bit of a lark but if you have a problem
with me we can revise it we can restart
it so what is your problem no I just
thought it was I just thought it was
really funny but I don't he said
something that you like cheap cheese but
anyway I would I wanted to ask you guys
because this anonymous poppet seems to
strike me kind of differently than a lot
of talking points I've heard the typical
going back and forth whether they think
this person is you know like a patriot
or whether he's a coward or and I I read
this thing and to me I mean here's this
guy and basically what he's saying is
yeah you know our presidents a lunatic
and we have to sort of like pretend we
didn't hear and parent when he told us
those fascinator foreign leader or we
take crap off his desk so we can't see
oh but don't worry because you know
we've been able to get all kinds of
goodies in the meantime like you know
tax cuts and you know increase in
military-industrial complex and you know
deregulation and and - by the way we're
going to keep getting these goodies you
know you know we thought about the 25th
amendment but then we thought yeah you
know you can get all this stuff for our
rich corporate friends look at how do I
keep doing that until this is all over I
mean I just borrowed this book from a
corruption angle to me I don't think
this guy comes across as anything but
self-serving and I mean oh listen I
totally agree I will go even further
I'll say there's a couple of things that
strike me
thank you for bringing this up and you
should call back and tell us about the
the Maryland Governor race when we have
more time but I want to discuss this but
thank you for raising it because this
we're talking about and flash this up on
the screen the headline I am part of the
resistance inside the Trump
administration I work for the president
but like-minded colleagues and I have
vowed to thwart parts of his agenda in
his worst inclinations okay the the
biggest problem with this it seems to me
is this is wholly undemocratic let's
just start with that this guy's
basically saying we're engaged in a coup
okay because we decide which things
we're going to pursue in which we're not
and even at one point he goes aren't
like look many senior officials in his
own administration working diligently
from within to frustrate parts of his
agenda and his worst inclinations I
would know I am one of them we want the
administration to succeed and think that
many of its policies have already made
America safer and more prosperous but we
believe our first duty is to this
country and the president continues to
act in a matter that is detrimental to
the health of our Republic first of all
who are they to decide what is
detrimental to the health of our
Republic because I Got News for you the
deregulation that you talked about the
tax cuts etc I think that is detrimental
to the health of our Republic Trump
appointees have vowed to do what we can
to preserve our democratic institutions
while thwarting Trump's more misguided
impulses until he's out of office excuse
me this is fundamentally anti-democratic
the root of the problem is the
president's immorality well anyone who
works with him knows he's not more to
any discernible first principles that
guide his decision-making there's no
constitutional provision that the
president should be moored to first
principles although he was elected as a
Republican the president shows little
affinity for ideals long espoused by
conservatives so what so what who are
you
an unelected whoever you are that's why
he was elected as a Republican right
they're making me want Trump to find out
who this person is and fire them he goes
re mines free markets and free people
what the f
best he's invoked these ideals and
scripted settings at worst he's attacked
them outright in addition to his mass
marketing of the notion that the press
is quote the enemy of the people
president Trump's impulses are generally
you ready for this anti trade and
anti-democratic
first of all how the F is anti trade
anti-democrat maybe bad policy but how
is these how is attacking the presses
and enemy of the people and
anti-democratic impulses like let's say
you're an unelected person who is
thwarting the agenda of the president
one of which is maybe you don't like his
tariff proposals are you effing serious
this person is should be drummed out of
office yet the erratic behavior would be
more concerning if it wasn't for unsung
heroes in and around the White House
presumably this writer is one of them
some of his aides have been cast as
villains by the media but in private
they have gone to great lengths to keep
bad decisions contained to the west wing
though they are clearly not always
successful the result of the two-track
presidency you know I think wrote this I
mean some people think it's Dan coats
that's not a bad pick I I wouldn't be
surprised if it's Jovanka yep yep this
is written by somebody who and in fact I
would say it's written by a committee
right because they want they want
exactly Spartacus I am Jovanka they want
to a provide themselves some cover as an
individual at a later date they are
putting out the first edition of history
to justify the actions of people who
supported Donald Trump and they are
trying to distance the Republican Party
in the conservative movement now that
they've gotten everything that they feel
they can get they are trying to distance
that movement which created donald trump
and trumpism and they want to step back
from it my only thought on that is is I
mean I now that you say committee I
think you're right and I'm sure they
would be part of that committee I think
the only reason I wouldn't think it
would be Jared and Ivanka's I think
they're concerned about pretending to be
anything other than venal corrupt people
is actually more on the Upper East Side
set so you wouldn't see the same kind of
like republicanism talking point that's
why I think it's a committee I think
you're right that's why it's a committee
we need listen here's what we're gonna
do guys we're gonna give us each a pass
and if we need to do it we'll also give
the Republican Party up yeah I think
that's right this he is going to be so
unique and so not of us that all we are
are great American patriots for playing
along yes is just it's a committee I
think you're just ready that wants to
make pense look like it's Pence as well
well I think there's no that's not
helpful now in the end it's written we
may no longer have Senator McCain but we
will always have his example a lodestar
for restoring honor to public life in
our national dialogue why would they use
the word lodestar my guess is that can
this committee wanted to signify that
pence is part of the committee why
lodestar I don't know do people use that
word my
I don't I've heard lodestone have you
well I heard the word lodestar before
not really narcs
Tom that's going to continue to be a
load start Jax lodestar as our lodestar
lodestar it really was the Lone Star
there you go
now really think that well there's also
some people who have pointed out the use
of to be clear I think or whatever it
was or mirror or you know there were
some other things that like Nikki hailey
isms are in this oh don't get me wrong
that's what yeah that one sticks out to
me that that's a nikki Haley ISM don't
get me wrong she will forgive me if
you're not dating her anymore just
because Nikki and I sleeping together
any more than I should do think this is
a document that is done by committee so
that they can all disavow it and they
can all embrace it when the time is
right this is BS this is the problem
with the Republican never Trump errs
it's the problem with John McCain and
his fire hose that has no water it's the
problem with Jeff Flake riding in with a
ten gallon hat and saying oh I'm sorry I
left my guns back at home I there's a
new sheriff in town it's just II I I
don't quite have my weapons let me I'll
be back in 20 minutes tell me when the
shootings over and all of these people
who are basically out understand to
maintain the brand of the Republican
Party now that they have gotten what
they need and they're starting to see
perhaps the time to be aligned with
Donald Trump is coming to an end that
doesn't mean that we're going to
jettison because that's not necessarily
our in our best interests but we can
still keep them at arm's length that's
what's going on here and a small point
just to add to that if we were to
stipulate that you know whatever there
is some people who according to their
own sort of warped logic or there and
they're protecting us from worse
outcomes and
they work for Trump their far-right
Republican so they support all these
catastrophic tax and military
initiatives you you would if it was
sincere in terms of protecting the
country from Trump and it we stipulated
all of it you would never write this
column ever because you would never risk
getting like if the overriding
commitment was we got to be there to
protect this you wouldn't risk exposing
yourself and you wouldn't go near it--
doing this melodramatic right
the whole argument is like we have been
lying and wait as a sleeper cell to
protect the country and the missing
predicate here is and the reason why
we're telling you this now is right
exactly because on the Trump we'll find
out our plan and know about it right and
be busy I am looking forward to getting
fired and becoming a CNN contributor
right it's time to hit the eject I have
looked at the publishing schedule and if
we're going to have this out by the
spring of 2019 I need to get on this
mouse key the there's the real story or
I guess another story besides who did
this is why the New York Times allowed
this person to do it and what their plan
is are we going to know eventually what
the story is behind this because this is
a pretty out-there thing to happen in
democracy well it's an op-ed you know
from their perspective that's why they
that's the way they get away with well
you know who's editing the op eds now
among other people our girl Barry Weiss
oh she an editor or not yeah all right
look well we were two anonymous White
House official Jordan Peterson and Barry
White so long but David Frum on
restoring the dialogue at the Aspen fest
of course and if you're a liberal and
you think this is good
get real anybody I mean III think
fortunately there's been a decent amount
of skepticism about all of this and so
that's the only upside now with this
op-ed I am part of the resistance inside
the Trump administration which was
completely self-serving completely ran
contrary to the premise of the piece
which is we're saving America because if
you were really concerned about saving
America the last thing you would do
advertise were saving America by
undercutting the president because then
you would limit your ability to undercut
the president so Donald Trump what
better thing do he gets on the blower
and he says bring me all the fattest and
oldest law enforcement personnel you can
find and let me do a speech in the round
with them in the White House
here it is yesterday afternoon some day
when I'm not president which hopefully
will be in about six and a half years
from there the New York Times and CNN
and all of these phony media outlets
will be out of business folks they'll be
out of business because there'll be
nothing to write nothing did the camera
work like what the hell is going on here
I've never seen anything like this
before it's bizarre oh my god it's the
camera guy who wrote the column can you
guys take your guns out too right
and there'll be nothing of interest so
nobody has done what this administration
has done and I agree it's different from
an agenda which is much different than
ours and it's certainly not your agenda
that I can tell you it's about open
borders it's about letting people flee
into our country it's about a disaster
and crime for our country so they don't
like Donald Trump and I don't like them
because they're very dishonest people
remember this also about the New York
Times when I won they were forced to
apologize to their subscribers they
wrote a letter of apology it was the
first time anybody's ever done it
because they covered the election
incorrectly so if the failing New York
Times has an anonymous editorial can you
believe it anonymous meaning gutless a
gutless editorial we're doing a great
job the poll numbers are through the
roof our poll numbers are great and
guess what nobody is going to come close
to beating me in 2020 because of what
we've done we've done more than any
ever thought possible in its not even
two years so thank you very much
[Applause]
excuse me do we have US military
personnel who are like she seems a
little bit awkward it just seems a
little bit awkward to have all these
guys here I don't know I don't know how
appropriate that is I think that that
seal has been broken a few times in this
administration yeah
