[Music]
it is always a pleasure and an honor to
welcome back to this program one of the
most prolific and knowledgeable
reporters and journalists I think in
print today and of course I'm referring
to david dan who has a piece I mean we
could pick and choose really literally
almost any day you could pick and choose
what piece you would want to talk to
David day and about so I have to like
sort of stack them up a little bit but
did David you've been writing about sam
nunn berg for 24 you have been writing
about a bill that is winding its way
through the Senate now and I see that
the Washington Post has sort of as I
think caught up a little bit on this but
the it is a a bill that is going to
unwind a lot of the key protections that
dodd-frank as anemic as it was in some
respects in terms of protecting our
financial system and this is uh this is
stuff that is like it's a little bit dry
I saw when you when you when you
promoted this piece on Twitter you were
somewhat apologetic and but I mean and
you know as I've always apologize
because I always come bearing bad news
well that's true you know I don't know
if I need a scene music of the bad news
they've been in the bad news but yeah I
mean this this bill is supported by 13
members of the Democratic caucus 12
Democrats and angus king who caucuses
with them and it will if they Bank
deregulation bill and it's being sold as
a bill to give relief to community banks
the the finest salt-of-the-earth people
in in the word
community banks unfortunately it also in
the process gives numerous gifts to much
larger banks not only what I've come to
term these stadium banks which are banks
not big enough to be Wall Street mega
banks but big enough to have a stadium
named after them but it also even goes
up the chain to the Wall Street mega
banks Citigroup has a carve-out in this
bill actually too and banks like
JPMorgan Chase Bank of America Wells
Fargo will be able to take advantage of
a number of protections and in many ways
this bill gives the Federal Reserve
which is the number one bank regulator
fewer tools than they had even before
dodd-frank even before the financial
crisis they will be more constrained
than they were at that time and they
didn't exactly perform wonderfully
before the financial crisis takes that
are involved in this because I think you
know in the context of our our news
cycles today it is very easy for
people's eyes to glaze over on this
stuff and I think that's why you know as
soon as you post something that you are
apologizing for I'm immediately like
we've got to book him on our show
because because this is why I think
people come here to have their eyes
glaze over and to go a little bit numb
but this is a really important stuff and
and and I want to just for a moment put
a pin in the story of those 13 Democrats
or caught you know and 12 Democrats and
angus King for a moment because that's
really important but let's start with
the original intent of because this is
this is really a story about how things
go wrong and the the story of
consequences of elections for
but so let's talk about s21 55 when it
was first proposed and what its intent
was yes so the history is that we passed
dodd-frank which in 2010 provided a
number of new rules to ensure safety and
stability in the financial system it was
largely a series of technocratic tweaks
but it certainly advanced from the
almost no regulation that we had on the
banking industry prior so in the process
in me almost immediately community banks
which are banks that hold lesson you
know these are the banks in your in your
rural area or small banks in your in
urban areas that you know they are the
they sponsored the football local peewee
football team and they you know all the
tellers because you went to high school
with them these are the small community
banks and credit unions and they have a
very saintly reputation on Capitol Hill
and they said hey we're getting caught
up in all these rules that you put on
the financial system on the big banks
the ones that really got us into trouble
and when we didn't do anything and now
we're paying the compliance cost they
have bigger staffs to handle this the
mega banks do and this is a larger
portion of our budgets and it's making
it's hard to compete now that narrative
is actually not true by the way
community banks are doing fine
ninety-six percent of community banks
are making profits and to the extent
that there's there are consolidations in
that system
it's a long-running issue of that has
nothing to do with dodd-frank the the
drops are right in line with the last 30
years they have to do with population
shifts and the rise of these giant
supermarket banks that have taken over
the country all right now let me just
let me let me let me just stop you there
too in terms of like the the
it is understandable on some level and I
hope people don't think I'm being an
apologist for community banks because I
just because I am fully supported by
them but I'm but there when you say
their their saintly it's because they're
very local right and and from a
politician's perspective it's like the
hometown bank and regardless of what
they do in terms of their practices they
can never be a threat to the financial
system in a way that it can't be a
threat to overall financial stability
that per se right it's more that their
major presence in every congressional
district in every state and so they get
they have a lot of clout on Capitol Hill
and indeed they have already enabled a
lot of tailoring so that they aren't
affected by dodd-frank rules and and
that's already been done however they're
asking for more and Democrats and
Republicans kind of agree with this for
what it's for good or ill they believe
that that community banks need some some
relief and so Democrats came to the
table four years with a package of ways
to exempt community banks and credit
unions from these rules they say this
will you know put them on a more level
playing field so they can compete with
larger banks in their communities so
even though you're doing okay
financially and and and as someone who
has been working so closely in examining
the the bank reforms for really the past
decade I think that you have been that
package though maybe unnecessary
was not terribly problematic because of
these banks relationship to the broader
financial system I mean put it this way
you had sherrod Brown and Elizabeth
Warren part of that process saying here
are some things we can do to help
community banks they are not exactly the
kinds of people that would would
but systemic risk however every time
that they did this the Republicans would
say well we can do that but you have to
do something for big banks too and that
would the talks would kind of end there
and this kind of went as a pattern for
many years until the Trump election and
now there was a situation where someone
in the White House would actually sign a
bill that combined community bank relief
with you know helped for larger banks
and sherrod Brown is the ranking member
of the Banking Committee and Mike Crapo
who's the the head of the bank committee
got together and they started
negotiating again and Brown cut off the
tops because again they were asking for
too much
for big banks under the guise of a
community bank bill essentially using
community banks as a human shield so
that Wall Street banks could get more
deregulation and unfortunately the day
after sherrod Brown walked away from
these talks for Democratic members of
the banking community walked right into
Mike repas office and said let's make a
deal and obviously their support was
enough in the Banking Committee to put
it over the top and these four Democrats
are John tester Heidi Heitkamp Joe
Donnelly and Mark Warner now Mark Warner
we know is someone who's certainly a
centrist and who believes that more
deregulation might be beneficial to the
system Heitkamp tester and Donnelly are
all up for re-election in states that
Trump won by a lot and while they have
shown populism here and there in certain
forms they seem to be animated by this
idea that they have to show
bipartisanship somewhere in order to win
reelection now I would argue that
showing bipartisanship quote-unquote by
deregulating banks is
foolish however the fact is that if you
look at the campaign contributions the
number one two and three members of the
Senate who are getting donations from
commercial banks are type camp tester
and Donnelly so this this is largely a
pay-to-play system where lobbyists ask
for this relief and and and these
democrats collaborate with republicans
to give and and and i have to say like
you know the I've long since gotten over
my my tester angst but this is I mean
this guy was literally sitting on a
tractor when he ran for for that primary
I guess that was in 2006 maybe I'm
thinking it must have been and he was
sitting on a tractor and and and I'm
sure you remember Marcus Malita said the
dailykos made it his mission to get John
tester in to beat the DLC sponsored
candidate because that DLC sponsored
candidate was to corporatist and was
successful I think he left the test or
bus over an immigration bill but so this
is I mean this this is so a lust rate of
a much bigger problem in addition to it
also being in and of itself a big
problem in terms of legislation but
let's stay on on this on what we can
learn from from those four people there
because all right Warner well is MIDI LC
was still around he would be a charter
member to be the head of it but but but
for guys like tester Donnelly and in
hike camp I imagine if you were to poll
people in Montana Indiana and North
Dakota and said hey do you want your
senator voting to to allow the big banks
to basically get back into a position
pre-2008 in terms of their regulations
everybody would say no but there's
nobody in those states who's gonna who's
gonna
run against them on that right I mean
that's the process right but there's
also no one in those states who's going
to run against sherrod Brown on on that
prospect sherrod Brown is as much
constrained by running for re-election
in a trump state as any of these three
Democrats and yet he doesn't see any
clamoring within the state of Ohio to
just dump a bunch of bank regulations in
fact Brown is probably more likely on a
raw politics level to support this bill
because three of the major stadium banks
that this helps the the number one
provision in this bill raises the
threshold for enhanced supervision of
banks in other words more regulation on
banks it raises the threshold for
mandatory regulation from 50 billion to
250 billion dollars this instantly
exempts 25 of the 38 largest banks in
the United States from enhanced
regulations and three of those banks are
headquartered in the state of Ohio we
Bank Fifth Third Bank and there's one
other I can't pick up right now but so
you know Brown is probably more likely
none of those banks are in North Dakota
or Montana or Indiana Brown is the one
feeling the heat from his local regional
bankers who are saying you got to help
us out we're not the ones that caused
the crisis and you got to give us you
know some some some relief here but he's
not he's he's certainly not jumping on
that bandwagon he's holding firm it's
these others who have this twisted
notion that as long as they can call
something that got passed bipartisan and
that they were on it that voters will
somehow reward them for working together
to solve the nation's problems as if
there's there's some problem of
over-regulation in the banking sector
right now all right so be I want to be
you know I want to
jump back over to the side of the
implications of the bill for a moment
because yeah I mean you know clearly the
and and and then we'll come back to that
notion of like the desperation of these
three in particular to project some type
of bipartisanship even though it's like
something horrific and and and what that
tells us about you know because I think
the argument would go that those three
at the least who knows but maybe two out
of the three in a different environment
would they would well I mean just just
to quickly sum this up it tells you
something about Chuck Schumer and and
and who Chuck Schumer is willing what
he's willing to go to bat for and what
he's not willing to go to bat for he
kept his caucus together on tax cuts he
kept his caucus together on health care
he is not willing to put the hammer down
to keep the caucus together on Bank
deregulation and while he nominally says
he's against the bill he is allowing
twelve Democrats and and one independent
that caucuses with the Democrats to defy
him and defy the mature the will of the
majority of the caucus on this bill and
and let it be said if there weren't not
at least nine Democrats supporting this
bill it could not pass it could not pass
the Senate it would not pass a
filibuster Democrats are the margin of
support for this bill and Chuck Schumer
is unwilling to put the hammer down and
stop this bill from happening even
though he says he's against it now David
let me say I mean I'm so against this I
hate the idea that Citibank and these
other banks would do well in this
situation I wish I could stop it I
really do oh my god it really is a
mystery why why Senator Schumer would
not I may not be as persistent as he was
in these other contexts for Chuck
Schumer this is
this is like the gift from heaven right
like I can say I was a totally against
it I mean but what am i today no and it
can pass and and then those guys in
obvious right the lobbyists know yes
they know not they understand exactly
what's going on they can see the Chuck
is not leaving his office when it comes
to this bill he's just staying inside
and dreamer was on the Senate floor this
morning the day that the test both of
the motion to proceed is going to happen
on this bill the only bipartisan effort
in this entire Congress and he did not
mention this bill once it slipped my
mind
come on hey it slipped my mind all right
