of logic and reason I saw a tweet last
night that caused me to tweet I quote
tweeted it and I said we are not gonna
survive as a species now was this tweet
from some you know dumb megachurch
saying that the earth was created 5,000
years ago in seven days no it was not
was this a snippet of some terrifying
Salafist raving in Saudi Arabia about
you know infidels no it was not was this
even a march from a neo fascist party in
Europe no was it anything that came out
of any member of the Republican Party it
was not it was this a tweet from a user
if you could scroll up so I could read
his name oh we don't have the user's
name no I was gonna spare okay and roll
this roll down better than I've already
done it now okay well he's wearing a
devil's Jersey - oh yeah yeah no
that guy it was a tweet by the real
bubby and that said this hey at Sam
Harris org at Sam Harris org your face
will now live on my arm forever thanks
for everything you do and on this very
demented young man's arm is a actually
the artists pretty talented that's not
bad really does because you could not
fall into a Ben Stiller thing here and I
think that I got that the sort of the
raise that eyebrow on the right side
thing nailed it the and he also captured
the aura of just sort of you know the
ultra trust funded self-importance the
trustafarian rationalist of our time is
there anything herring
these guys are like more than the
gesture of daddy doing a raised eyebrow
yeah I don't think so
and and he put a and there it is reason
scientific data can't be racist
uh this guy has this tattoo Sam Harris
has not responded which I will take as a
modicum of the effectiveness of the
positive mindfulness meditation that he
is I think it I'm gonna give Harris the
credit but he must be someone
embarrassed what would you have to have
to like like make that guide this
outside your consciousness if you're
trying to like clear it right no doubt a
guy just did this to his arm and my name
I you how far you would have to be to
not find this embarrassing it would be I
mean I would imagine if this was Dave
Rubin he would be like that's cool we're
both interested in ideas but Dave Rubin
is so dumb that like he actually will
get a pass on that you just wouldn't
even get any of the implications of it
if you're if you're a IDW fan listening
to this or watching this video on
YouTube get and you're Dave Rubin fan
get the Dave Rubin it'll be way cooler
yeah it'll just be like ideas stretched
across and him looking up like yeah that
kind of confused look he has where he
looks where he's like waiting for an
Apple to drop on his head get that
tattoo so you can really really push
forward the great nonviolent the the
first what Dave Berman called
he suggested at the Oxford Union that
the IDW might be the first non bloody
revolution in history which I mean not
to be like a you know multiculturalist
here but you really might want to check
with how like I don't know people in
India feel about the concept of a bunch
of people on YouTube blabbering about IQ
and college campuses being the first non
bloody revolution okay take it out look
you know what forgive me let's take race
out of it I don't want to play identity
politics maybe the Velvet Revolution
Vaslav Havel even one that was
anti-communist no less and of course not
to be an about this and I would
I was like Catholic wasn't he though he
was actually he was a he's a theist no
he was actually like he literally
received personal meditation instruction
from the Dalai Lama
it was basically a New Age catholic
social democrat and ended his last votes
were the for the Green Party in
Czechoslovakia and he endorsed Occupy
vaclav havel
he was okay all right Pete r.i.p totally
supported the invasion of Iraq though
which is a bit mark but whatever the
point obviously oh oh also you're
welcome billing that out sounds somewhat
invidious and we don't really have time
to clean up the mess I know I just
opened up a huge mess by mentioning any
basic facts of modern history with IDW
fans I was gonna mention South Africa
really don't want to make it racial and
I certainly don't want to have to have
Sam respond with his thoughts on Nelson
Mandela's IQ I wouldn't want to you know
burden them with that obviously so yeah
there it is the most I somebody pointed
out that the response tweets there
should give me some hope in humanity
like oh my god look at this in cell as
an example yeah I mean it is funny but I
also felt sad I did too because I mean
it's easy to fall into this sort of
thing if you just don't pay attention to
a whole lot of stuff but are reasonably
assured in your critical thinking
abilities because let's say you got like
a 3.0 through high school and like you
maybe you're the smartest guy at work
right and so like now you write found
these like it's like podcast where it's
all these guys talking about ideas and
how they just love any idea any idea
apart from like the fact that some of
their ideas are racist right and and it
works history or anything that literally
got I mean look at Jordan Peterson like
that is the consequence of knowing
nothing about that of what you not only
speak of but histrionic ly pontificate
about I mean did Santa mean and what's
amazing about sam harris is that he
literally he structurally insulates
himself so it's not only that he doesn't
know political history he doesn't know
like actually what is the IQ test in the
context for it it's that to even know
undermines the rationalist enterprise I
mean that that's what so that is what's
so disturbing about the implications of
the sort of middlebrow mediocrity
reactionary politics he spreads is that
he's saying that not like not only is
Islam about ideas and not like actual
things in the world but to even bother
yourself with understanding how policy
formulation formulation works is like
undermining of like the I mean in that
case not even like real data just
thought experiments I just thought my
god it's utterly pathetic um and yeah
and I'm I am also apparently wouldn't
even do this but apparently maybe we'll
do it on TBS but Sam Harris said you
know in Dave Rubin that like politics
are boring nothing bores me last night
he also said that Vox is basically as
bad as the KKK oh right he said that
they were the moral equivalent of the
KKK yeah it was good that was it I mean
that is actually I've I've been a long
time Sam Harris like critic and have
been sort of just shocked at how many
people are taken in by the mediocrity
but has he always been this crazy like
that lot that line is even like that's a
standout like that's an insane comment
and by the way I know that I'm sure that
that's out of context but let me just
say this the only way that this clip
we're about to play could be justified
as out of context or put in context in a
way that isn't insane would be and I'm
borrowing now this is an old this is an
Al Franken joke because when Pat
Robertson said that the that the towers
came down partially because God like
brought down his protective umbrella cuz
of gay people or something and he was
called out on it and he said he was
taken out of context and Al Franken said
the only way he'd be taken out of
context is if he had said I would be
 crazy to say so if sam harris had
right before this said i would be
crazy to say this would be taken out of
context let's play it
like so it's like just in interacting
with a reporter from you know salon or
Vox right like like like who's who's
there I'm meeting someone who
essentially has the intellectual and
moral integrity of what the guy in the
white hood who you know over on the
right and so he's he's he's gonzo like I
don't like if you're still like a fan
for him and you don't realize that he's
like even though you can't even
understand the race stuff and you can't
understand the foreign policy stuff and
you can't understand the overrated stuff
if you don't get that comparing as
recline to a guy in a hood is a self
cancelling on inspiring Lee insane thing
to say then you're also insane and nuts
and really what they need to hear is
there's another daddy for you to go to
Hitchens got charles murray right just
go back to kitchens guys but that you
know what that that would be the best
thing that could come out of this
Hitchens had his problem but look he was
totally wrong on really important things
but he was also right on a great many
things he was always a great wit and a
great writer he understood charles
murray was a racist he knew a thing
about history and wasn't threatened by
learning about history wasn't threatened
by learning about history he travelled
the world he was actually funny he had
something else to say and i mean my god
you know honestly i say this is somebody
who obviously already thought that
Hitchens you know I mean with with
becoming an Iraq invader and a bush
apologist and all this stuff was awful
but I mean I pray I mean I'm glad he's
not around just on the off chance that
he would have joined up with this
because my god that would have been
depressing yeah and much more formidable
and much more formidable these guys are
I mean come on you have the insane trust
fund meditation guy who's just in like a
constant state of narcissistic grievance
you have the professor who rode
students the protesting of the National
infamy and actually as very can
Fennell ideas and in fact if he really
wanted to address what was going on with
Evergreen would be talking about state
budget cuts then you have the you know
crazy histrionic shaman guy who's huge
but he's gonna flame out it has some
decent self-help ideas then you have you
know one of the dumbest talk-show hosts
in America like Dave Rubin is like do
c-level like and then you know and and
Rogan I wish Rogan didn't promote some
of the lot of this I have
problems with Rogan but Rogen's bigger
than it and if this stops being a fad
he'll promote the next fad and you know
yes if hitch was there then it would be
like that's a lot of firepower on
the other side I think Harris would know
is laying a lot better too yeah Harris
that's probably true Harrison my next
book on meditation good Islam bad and
also regurgitating the ideas from the
Oxford encyclopedia of philosophy so
that mommy will affirm that I have a
great intellect and I'll justify having
a Golden Girls trust fund and yes that
is an ad hominem that's true
it's demonstrable you know all the
evidence from what you should know where
people got their seed money from yes
it's pretty important to know where
somebody's put coming from particular if
it's funny
particularly yeah particularly if you
like if you had the privilege to bum
around until your 30s and then basically
just like get subsidized to create a
persona of public intellect which hit
all of the grids like could you the
perfect posture when sam harris first
came on the scene could you imagine on
one hand i'm gonna validate every single
mainstream educated centrist fear and
terror about the middle east
bigotry towards Muslims and palestinians
and i'm gonna validate the foreign
policy consensus of the time and then
and i know oh my god don't even get me
until i get it that he technically
opposed the invasion of iraq maybe i'm
not even go down
rabbit hole okay so don't even come at
me with this that is a all I will say is
his position in Iraq is um subject to a
lot of interpretation and that is not
the fault of those who have been reading
and listening to him but then also at
the same time you know call out Bush for
a you know and Christian fanaticism I
mean that was a perfect market
opportunity for that time because you
had you know people on the actual left
who would call out religious chauvinism
and the role of religion in American
public life that was detrimental and and
and dangerous particularly in that time
but also would still say you know like
what Noam Chomsky's gonna say that he's
also gonna say we should oppose US
imperialism so that's not comfortable
and then you know and then you you have
the the crop of guy like we need to join
hands with Bush in causing endless
bloodshed across the Middle East
not to mention Afghanistan
don't question and and and anything that
the u.s. does environment a mistake
because they have good intentions which
is like a I mean as you articulate it
you realize just how utterly laughable
that position is in a political
conversation like you could reduce any
actor in global politics to just good or
bad intentions is just childish but that
you also say yeah I mean the Bible's
dumb I mean that was it that was a
perfect market opportunity and maybe
you're right maybe if hitch was still
around you know there would be there
would be more of like okay I shouldn't I
shouldn't buddy up with Charles Marie I
shouldn't be I to kind of become like a
sort of classed up you know mindfulness
voice troll maybe not if I want to say
women aren't funny I should at least
mention the Kurds that's right right and
maybe like also have that stupid article
still be a well-written Vanity Fair
article like it's just like a whole
other level like I don't the whole like
the particular stage of a particular
kind of boyhood that those guys are
appealing to would be so like
at least with hitch there's the charisma
there's the energy there's the you know
it's like they're there they've got all
of the poisons and none of the benefits
and man I miss hitch
I really do I cuz because ideally
because I liked his ideas and hand shine
ideas no but ideally hitch would be it
should be like yeah I'm sorry I stopped
reading Marx and became an imperialist
let me get back to inequality and no I
don't want to do a 60-city tour next to
some you know crying Jungian and uh you
know some empty suit airhead YouTube
host and uh Sam Harris like it's not fun
to hang out with
