[Music]
talk about the the the really the two
main political stories well before we
get there your concept of how politics
changes what creates political change
yeah
well the key factor bigger than
leadership bigger than party bigger than
policy is story it is having a powerful
narrative that of the kind that
resonates with people resonates with
their expectations of what a political
narrative is and throughout history
basically it is one kind of narrative
which is what I call the restoration
story which says disorder afflicts the
land caused by powerful and nefarious
forces working against the interests of
humanity but the hero or heroes will
fight those powerful and nefarious
forces against the odds overthrow them
and restore order to the land and that's
the basic template of just about every
successful political and religious
transformation story there has ever been
and I contend that those kinds of
stories are absolutely essential to that
transformation and that those of us who
want to change the world have neglected
that knowledge at our cost all right
well so I mean walk us through I think
you know the the the main stories that
we've had I guess in the in the 20th
century 21st century now and and how
that process took hold
how the process of telling those stories
I guess those restoration stories well
well if you look at the the two big
stories of the past 80 years they are
really Keynesian social democracy and
neoliberalism and Keynesian social
democracy is about increasing state
spending by tax
rich people spending the money back into
the economy using that as a stimulus to
trigger economic activity which then
generates further jobs which then
generates further money and so it goes
on whereas neoliberalism
is kind of the opposite it says we've
got to shrink the state we've got to
shut down regulation shut down
intervention and allow well treat human
society as a business and effectively
ensure that all human relations are more
or less reduced to buying and selling
well what's interesting is that while
these stories are diametrically opposed
to each other and Cain Cain Xian's and
NIR liberals hate each other with a
passion the narrative structure they
used was more or less identical and so
Keynesian social democracy says the
world has been thrown into disorder by
the powerful and nefarious forces of the
economic elite who through the 19th and
early 20th centuries grabbed almost all
social wealth for themselves depriving
other people of wealth forcing them into
extreme poverty into unemployment and
into debt which culminated in the great
disorder of the Great Depression which
created crisis and dislocation and
disruption and war throughout the world
but the hero of the story who is the
Enabling state supported by the middle
and working classes will fight those
powerful and nefarious forces and and
and against the odds overthrow them tax
the very rich often at extremely high
rates regulate rebuild the state in
order to create strong public services
strong social safety nets in doing so
create the security and the circulation
which allows other people's private
economy to take off thereby restoring
order to the land and the new liberals
say the the the land has been thrown
into disorder by
the powerful and nefarious force of the
collectivizing state which even though
it might seem benign in its initial
stages for example in the u.s. New Deal
or British the British welfare state
will inexorably lead to tyranny take us
down the road to serfdom and end up with
sort of Stalinist or Nancy situation but
the hero of the story the freedom
seeking entrepreneur will fight the
collectivizing forces of the state and
against the odds overthrow them and
through creating space for the market
will restore freedom opportunity and
individualism which has been crushed by
collectivism thereby restoring order to
the land and what we see there is these
opposite stories using exactly the same
narrative structure because it is that
structure that works and in all right so
to what extent were and and and so we
get a like a hint as to where you're
going with this in terms of what we need
to do next but but but before we we move
on to to that in terms of of but let's
let's talk about what you perceive the
the the next restoration story will be
there could be and then and then I want
to talk about sort of the the the
tactical and strategic differences I
weigh Keynesian the Keynesian story and
the neoliberal story were adopted but
but let's go to to the to the story that
that you see is available for us to
embrace a slashed al sure so this goes
something like this the world land has
been thrown into disorder by the
powerful and nefarious forces of
neoliberalism that have set us apart
that of atomized society that have told
us there is no such thing as society and
that have told us that any collective
action is illegitimate politics itself
is illegitimate
because only economic activity is
legitimate means of changing society and
economics economic activity is it sounds
like your kids do not agree with this no
worries
and that economic activity is through
buying and selling is the only way of
determining how society should be
organized in so doing they have created
a series of crises financial crisis
culminating in the great crash of 2008
environmental crises social crises and
indeed personal crises in that the the
great spread of so many mental health
disorders seems to be associated with
the age of loneliness that this toxic
doctrine has tried to create but the
heroes of the story us will confront
these powerful and nefarious forces by
rebuilding community generous inclusive
communities in which our new politics
will be embedded and through an
escalating process of constructing
community of then reclaiming power from
the center we still need the state but
we also need to have genuine political
power vested in community and genuine
economic power will create a politics of
belonging that against the odds will
restore order to the land okay so how
all right so let's go back and and talk
about how how these stories I mean if
that's the story that we have that we
will have this restoration of of
community a sense of belonging a sense
of more equity I guess as well and sort
of a a broader sense of shared destiny
let's go back
how keynesian ism was adopted and
broadly became so that we can talk about
that sort of the different challenges
that may exist today then existed then
or vice versa
sure so Keynesianism kind of certainly
in the form that was promoted by Lord
Keynes himself came from within what
would be accurately called the liberal
establishment and genuinely was a
liberal establishment in those days
Keynes worked within the British
Treasury he was very well-connected in
society both in terms of the economic
and political mainstream but also
culturally through the Bloomsbury group
and he really experienced very little
resistance there was some but when he
published his general theory in 1936
which was unquestionably a work of
brilliance and at a time when his change
was desperately needed and a whole new
story was desperately needed it was very
quickly recognized as being a potential
solution to the escalating series of
economic and political crises that the
world was facing and it didn't take long
for pretty senior members of the
establishment first in the United
Kingdom then elsewhere in the world
particularly in the United States to
pick it up and run with it
now it also didn't take long for some of
his ideas to start to be diluted he went
to the Bretton Woods conference in 1944
with a really quite brilliant set of
proposals for how the global trading
system should be run in the global
financial system and one by one they
were all knocked down in favor of dollar
hegemony and and global finance which
led to many of the problems which then
later crashed Keynesianism and and
ensured that by the late 1970s it was
pretty well dead
and but so it was not the sort of
grassroots movement that I am busy now
right and there's very little
opportunity for creating for creating an
elite transformation of the kind that
Keynesianism represented I mean what was
interesting about it was that it very
quickly gathered huge popular support as
well you know even though it came from
within the heart of the establishment
because it was broadly socially just and
had you know a lot of transformative
potential people quickly saw that it was
going to be good for them now there are
very few and very thin ideas coming from
the elite which fit that description
right ace right very difficult very
different situation but there was there
I mean also I would imagine right I mean
there's there's a couple of the factors
going on at that time is there's a
desperation of sorts or an exhaustion
maybe or a just a general sense of of a
you know a need for a restoration move
right I mean you're following World War
two there's also a much more limited
mechanisms to mass communicate and so
they're much more our societies were not
as stratified I guess it when it came to
to to hearing sort of a broad-based
message is that fair to say yes I I mean
there certainly was a lot more
homogeneity and sort of artificial unity
in society I mean this was an age
characterised at the beginning of JB
Priestley's novel the good companions as
factory towns in which thousands of men
would come out to watch the local
football team all dressed identically
behaving identically doing the same jobs
having the same hobbies the same clothes
the same houses and that wasn't in the
industrial cities that wasn't an
inaccurate portrayal you know the the
mainstream working-class the industrial
proletariat was pretty homogeneous
certainly by comparison to today and it
wasn't really until the aging age of the
new left kicking off in the 1960s that
we began to see the great
diversification of people discovering
identities which had really been
suppressed often with violence and and
finding of freedom from the cultural
uniformity that prevailed before then
but that uniformity also gave the
working class great power because they
could act more or less as a body and and
people could you know basically combine
in very large numbers behind the ideas
of some of their leaders now that had a
good side as well as having a down side
and I think we would find it very
difficult to fit into that world today
we're so used to self-expression we're
so used to our own freedoms that that
sural collective freedom would be
probably quite repulsive to us but you
can see how power arose from it at the
same time so it is it is paradoxical and
one more thing to say is that the Kings
was already recognized as something of a
prophet in 1919 he'd written his book
the economic consequences of the peace
showing how the Treaty of Versailles
would lead inexorably to another world
war and by 1936 people could see that
that was coming so there was a sense of
desperation there was a sense of need
there was a sense that a great global
crisis was on its way and something very
big was required to
prevent that from materializing all
right so let's talk about the the spread
of of neoliberalism this I mean the the
plotting I guess and the sort of the
drawing out of this philosophy if you
want to call it I guess started around
that time in Mont Pelerin and and and it
it took quite a while to catch on I
guess but what was the channels I mean
the or I mean what was the channel in
which it made it there because it wasn't
necessarily just it wasn't a unified
elite there was a lot of it seems to me
purchasing of like you know yeah there
was there was a lot of billeting paid
for building for a long time so this was
another elite project but it was a
different elite and while people like
John Maynard Keynes muth moved very
smoothly through the mainstream British
establishment in this case the initial
ideas came from outside the
establishment particularly from
Friedrich Hayek who was this Austrian
economist who was something of a figure
of fun with in British academia he was
considered a very fusty very boring
character who was way out of the
mainstream and and he was sort of seen
by other academics as something of a
fanatic
similarly with Ludwig von Mises and they
published their books respectively in
1944 in 1945 the road to serfdom and
bureaucracy but they very quickly caught
the imagination certainly of part of the
public and then very quickly too they
caught the imagination of the world's
richest people who then massively
subsidized the creation of what has been
described as a neoliberal international
an international network
of academic departments of of
politicians of journalists and
particularly of think tanks a lot of
which that were then set up at the time
with huge bequests from some of the
world's richest people in corporations
with a quite deliberate attempt to start
building on this new story to create a
new political reality and some of its
early architects were very clear that
this would take them 30 years they
recognized that they were living in a
period of Keynesian hegemony where
everybody could basically see that there
wasn't another show in town I mean even
Richard Nixon later on was alleged to
have said we are all came for a and B
because it was just the prevailing
common sense because it was the
narrative that had sunk in and even
people had never heard of John Maynard
Keynes and never heard the term social
democracy and would have had no idea
what it meant were Social Democrats and
they were Keynesian because it had just
become social common sense which
everybody subscribed to so the Neo
liberals knew this was going they were
going to be in in there for the long
haul and they persuaded these extremely
rich and sometimes rather sinister
people who were supporting them to fund
them for the long haul and to set up
academic departments in Chicago and
George Mason University and Virginia and
many others to start developing and
promoting these ideas hot housing them
finding ways in which they could be
acceptable to the public because as
neoliberalism evolved it became more and
more radical and extreme and turned from
being a sort of fairly reasoned critique
of state power as it was in in the form
of Hayek's first big book his road to
serfdom into an absolute wild-eyed
ranting crazy manifesto as
in the book the constitution of Liberty
that he published 15 years later by then
he was completely the puppet of these
very rich men and he delivered exactly
what they wanted and it's basically the
non-fiction equivalent of a man's book
Atlas Shrugged where it's where the
multimillionaires must be allowed to
take over the world nothing should stand
in their way anyone who stands in their
way is illegitimate democracy must give
way to money and money must be allowed
to do exactly what it wants regardless
of how that money was made regardless of
the character of those who made it
regardless of the effects on the rest of
society because the only value that
should be allowed to triumph is the
value of money and this was completely
unacceptable to the majority of world
opinion it was regarded as utterly
repulsive by most of those who read and
understood it but amongst a very
particular right-wing elite it was seen
as as being the key to the world that
they wanted and mrs. Thatcher in around
1975 when she became leader of the
Conservative Party in opposition is said
to have stormed into a meeting of her
shadow cabinet and slammed down a
dog-eared copy of the constitution of
Liberty on the table and said this is
what we believe and and so they then
invested very heavily in softening
people up using particularly the think
tanks that they funded on both sides of
the Atlantic like the Cato Institute and
the American Enterprise Institute the
Institute of Economic Affairs the Adam
Smith Institute Hudson heritage a whole
series of these set up by extremely rich
people and and their purpose you know
they're not think tanks they're lobby
groups their purpose was basically to
soften people up to test
the arguments to find out which ones
resonated to you find the right terms
right words right framings in order to
persuade people to accept the
multimillionaires later the billionaires
agenda and to believe that what was good
for billionaires was good for them and
they refined and refined that message
until the story they told the neoliberal
story became dominant displaced
Keynesianism when Keynesianism ran into
trouble and then quickly became the new
social common sense all around the world
and it still is and and you know i mean
just they've done such a a an exquisite
job of them there was just it one thing
that popped in you know today there was
a poll of of broadly of voters in this
in this country of what they want out of
trumps supreme court pick and not
terribly surprising that seventy percent
of democrats want a supreme court
nominee who would limit the amount of
money corporations and unions who can
spend on political campaigns that
basically citizens united unions can
spend an increasingly less amount of
money obviously in this country because
of of recent other court cases but 67
percent of Republicans want a Supreme
Court nominee who's going to do that and
that's just not going to happen and
there's like a there's there's a
disconnect there between what they may
have voted for and what they're going to
get but there was never a moment I think
where anybody thought you know from it
with a list that is literally generated
by the Heritage Foundation via the
Federalist Society
