Barack Obama he's back on the town do we
want to start with the yay or the nay
all right we'll start with yay this is
President Obama he gave a speech on
Friday if you recall if you were
watching them jar to report you recall
that not only did he eviscerate the
Trump administration this guy is so good
he almost made Judy gold bat for the
other team hitting the back walls this
is Barack Obama and this is really this
is really this was this was really
important and very well stated this is
Donald Trump and we've been saying this
and everybody who's really an analyst of
these things has been saying this for a
long time Donald Trump is a symptom not
the cause each time we've gotten closer
to those ideals somebody somewhere is
pushed back the status quo pushes back
sometimes the backlash comes from people
who are genuinely if wrongly fearful of
changing more often it's manufactured by
the powerful and the privileged who want
to keep us divided and keep us angry and
keep us cynical because that helps them
maintain the status quo and keep their
power and keep their privilege and you
happen to be coming of age during one of
those moments it did not start with
Donald Trump he is a symptom not the
cause
he's just capitalizing on resentments
that politicians have been Fanning for
years a fear and anger that's rooted in
our past but it's also borne out of the
enormous upheavals that have taken place
in your brief lifetimes so that's a
hundred percent right I mean there
really isn't much to add to that he's
right about everything from the turmoil
and upheaval of the time which look if
we want to spell it out obviously is
driven by capital and it's driven by
inequality and it's driven by mass
technological changes with no
corresponding advancements for labor and
social cohesion and but he is absolutely
right that right word politics elite
politics is built and predicated on
dividing people through demagoguery and
other types of division so that the real
sort of arrow of focus is not on
addressing structural problems of power
he's a hundred percent right and it's
beautifully put yeah I just wanted to
Underland them more often than not more
often than he said it's manufactured by
right from above than a real divide and
I think that's like I've often said I
don't think we have a divided people I
think when people talk about how divided
the voters are now that's that's not the
real issue here the the issue is we have
a lot of different concentrated capital
centers that have a very different idea
of which direction they want the country
to go and they're fighting the south
that's exactly right and I think that
there that there's also you know that's
why you need to look literally at like a
jane mayer book on the koch brothers and
on all of these oligarchs that fund
these things that's as clean nancy
mclean because literally that is the
money the mechanism through which even
when things are more organic like part
of the tea party was definitely organic
there were definitely people that really
were freaked out mainly racially and
culturally but the propaganda set that
they have in front of them the talking
points about Obamacare
fantasies about Medicare and Social
Security like that was all provided to
them by the radio shows by the websites
by the astroturf groups that are all
funded by the oligarchs so even when
it's like okay there's a genuine
sentiment behind it and if it's on the
right the genuine sentiment is always
basically going to be driven by bigotry
and social freakout and then the talking
points whether it be health care
immigration are provided and preset by
websites and other propaganda organs
that are funded I mean look we can agree
that probably the Breitbart Trump
continuum is probably the closest to
some type of like actual uprising of the
worst America has to offer and it's real
and it's genuinely rooted in racism and
sexism misogyny and freaky outs about
the change of America and the talking
points and the template for them to
operate is still a website that was not
a successful business model and was
funded by a dangerous weirdo oligarch
family in Long Island and that's where
the talking points come from that's
where the context comes from it is
always manufactured this is all true but
I still don't think he's ready to accept
any blame on the part of say globalized
neoliberal capitalism bad trade deals
like NAFTA and the TPP which he promoted
on late-night television and not to
mention how Obama dealt or did not deal
with the banks in the aftermath of the
financial crisis definitely and this is
feeding the fire of course a hundred
percent and until that part is reckoned
with and look Obama did you know I'm I'm
a better late than never person so he
came out and he said raise the minimum
wage Medicare for all he endorsed
Elizabeth Warren's workers board thing
great nice if he wants to go out and use
his charisma and rhetorical skills to
promote those policies during the fall
awesome we should
welcome that and appreciate that and
even also the worry like oh well Trump
wants this well okay Trump wants this
but 25% more Americans like Barack Obama
than Donald Trump Barack Obama is a
superior human being in every way shape
or form to Donald Trump Donald Trump
would not have won an election against
any other candidate sites Hillary
Clinton to be blunt okay so I'm happy
with that contrast we need to have our
own core everything you just said about
Obama is a hundred percent true and
that's why fundamentally you know the
neoliberal course the center-right
course is not going to get us out of a
predicament but within that continuum
there's a difference manuel McCrone is
in france still trying to gut the french
model in neoliberal eyes Barack Obama's
coming out and saying Trump is a symptom
not a cause and Medicare for all great
that means he's tacking in our direction
that means that aoc is making more of a
register a national debate then some
center-right democrat whose name i
honestly can't even think of because
there isn't any with any profile right
now better O'Rourke is running a solidly
progressive campaign for Senate of in
Texas and Barack Obama as the
sophisticated trend reading politician
that he is is speaking to it now here is
as part of the area that Jaime just
mentioned where you know he just doesn't
get it and now he's gonna do some summed
adding to young people in the last
midterms election in 2014
fewer than one in five young people
voted one in five not two and five or
three hundred one in five is it any
wonder this Congress doesn't reflect
your values and your priorities
are you surprised by that this whole
project of self-government only works if
everybody's doing their part don't tell
me your vote doesn't matter
I've won states in the presidential
election because of 5 10 20 votes per
precinct and if you thought elections
don't matter
I hope these last two years have
corrected that impression okay so look
let's actually start again where he's
right about this okay I'm sorry
yes elections do matter your vote
absolutely does matter and everybody
needs to go out and vote for Democrats
in November period if you don't
understand the importance of that again
you're just not in reality he's a
hundred percent right about that on the
other hand I mean this is a common Obama
trope and he's always said it and I
think it just misses two one it's like
look Barack Obama got those extra people
to turn out because Barack Obama is a
charismatic likable person not because
of a policy agenda per se maybe somewhat
a policy agenda in 2012 but people
really liked him and the reality is is
that Hillary Clinton's campaign ran a
campaign essentially built on an Obama
model and what they missed was that for
all of the metrics and all of the
supposed quantitative sophistication the
basic ingredient that set Obama apart is
people like the guy unless you're a
weirdo or a racist right or both you
like Barack Obama what's not to like
and so even with Mitt Romney there were
crazy polls where people said oh well we
trust Mitt Romney more on the economy
who trusts Mitt Romney more on military
issues which which are I mean just made
no sense but then there would just be
this vast gulf on
who's looking out for me as a person and
Obama just crushed him and if you don't
have that personal asset set you cannot
run the same campaigns and then more
broadly dude I don't know man
you made some nice steps and some in
some directions okay there's more people
on Medicaid because of you
there was a stabilization of the crisis
because of you but I'm sorry and
particularly when you're lecturing young
people you didn't talk about universal
student loan forgiveness you didn't say
that the first job right now is not to
kind of faint to austerity as you didn't
know nine and no ten but to get more and
more stimulus is going so that we cannot
just stop the bleeding but actually get
people in employment you have a whole
generation of people that actually went
out and enthusiastically voted for you
in very high margins relative to what
they normally turn out that have wage
stagnation depreciated a job and life
prospects across the board and of course
that goes back well before Obama and the
seeds of it go back to Reagan and
deregulation and their accelerated by
Clinton and Bush but you didn't reverse
the tide on that you did not that's
objective reality you were playing
around with cutting Medicare and Social
Security tried to make john bainer z'
drunk-ass make an agreement with you not
focusing like a laser beam on the
student debt crisis and youth employment
and unless you did that it's really not
time for come on Babel yeah it's just
who's in the audience for that right
that was one in five people who voted
are probably the one in five that are
gonna actually give a that you're
given a speech now they're the one in
five people tweeting oh my god I miss
him it was my first vote oh my god we
already know that you're not doing any I
watched a pod save America guys on
Colbert I don't know why but they talked
about an Omer Omarosa book and Andrew
Cuomo or the Governor Cuomo gaffe and
then they pitched before and then they
had a weird cut that made it seem like
they might have got into Nixon Cuomo and
then cut that out for your airing and
then they go right to positive Americas
Praia Terry voting vote save America
calm which is I assume they collect your
email and then just like shuffle you off
to a website that gives that you
probably should go right like it's so
just a giant basically just a just an
email collection yeah it's just
completely devoid of any sort of pointed
ideological or policy statement it's
just like let's laugh about
Omarosa and you say something you know
not even you know interesting about the
horse race and also Obama at his best
would say like you know I'm a community
organizer and isn't just boating you got
to go out and do all this stuff and it's
like well especially with the really
important parts of that speech where he
articulated the depth the crisis were in
wasn't this also the time to say that
while it's essential and non-negotiable
that you go out and vote and I can't
underscore that enough I have anybody
who comes with any dumb dumb arguments
in this election cycle or in 2020 I mean
obviously I think they should have
already been dismissed in 2016 but I
mean there is no room for that kind of
stupidity
heading into these elections but at the
same time was this not also the time to
say that politics isn't just a two-year
cycle that you register a preference on
that you have to be much more deeply
involved because there's a broad assault
on both what we need for the future and
also the hard-won gains of the past well
that's been the message for a pretty
long time now I think like at Ozzie fest
I know I keep going back to this but
this is the establishment Democrat
neoliberal line is all you could do all
you really need to do is vote for
Democrats that's the most important
thing and like maybe go to a protest
once in a while that Hillary Clinton's
gonna take credit for in a video montage
that's ridiculous
but like if I thought that browbeating
young people who probably aren't
watching to vote would make them vote
for Democrats I would be fine with it
but it's not gonna have the outcome that
he wants it to have or that we should
want it to have and like I think he
could have said you know he could have
said look I'll give you both messages
one is like
I'll just say this myself I'll keep
emphasizing it's inexcusable and
ridiculous to not understand the
importance of voting and it's
inexcusable and ridiculous to not see
the difference between a Hillary Clinton
and Donald Trump as trash as Hillary
Clinton is and at the same time may be a
time to say you know what and I also
apologize that all of your enthusiasm in
all of your hope and all of your energy
yes it did translate into certain things
that we did and he can clock off the
list of some of his achievements that he
feels most proud of right and some of
which did make a real material
difference in people's lives
but he can say like I know the student
debt crisis was out of control under my
presidency I didn't do enough I tried to
do X X and X but that wasn't enough I
know that your wages stagnated I know
that your employment prospects went down
I know that all these things happen and
I know we need to do more and this also
really matters and Trump is doing and
the Republicans are gonna do this this
and this to make it that much more worse
there's a way of actually having a
balance there where you also just treat
people you know with a little bit of
reality because I you know this the the
old notion that it's like oh what young
people are just not voting just because
they're lazy and it's like guys like you
cannot keep having a button because the
most people who sort of shame you know
young people for not voting are like
celebrities and politicians and it's
like guy like Generation X and baby
boomer multimillionaires hectoring you
for not doing something after you did
not get delivered for is just bad optics
to say the least yeah I wonder what
possibly could have happened during the
Obama years that would convince young
people that maybe the Democrats aren't
looking out for their best interests
I wonder one and really I mean he he ran
on like a broad sort of class-based
populist appeal kind of I don't know
well I mean at least rhetorically he got
a lot of people in the Rust Belt to vote
for him that didn't vote for Hillary
right some of you read oh wait is a real
cultural cleanser and I mean it was a
different time like it just
different politics and I think one way
which we've gotten better particularly
in Democratic voters and generally is I
don't think like even look at like now
cory booker doesn't have barack obama's
talents but like i'm sure by all
inclinations he'd want to run that kind
of campaign of like we're just gonna do
better and come together and nobody's
gonna everything like yeah whatever
what's your plan on health care that
wasn't what was going on noid well he's
certainly he did a better job in hillary
did at it let's just say of course very
low plus like compare like lebron and
the guy that we played that was like in
the spanish league he couldn't even pass
card check yeah so then when hillary
comes in and she's running and even more
like leading with our values where trump
is bad that kind of campaign like of
course people aren't gonna fall for that
yeah i mean i just think it rhetorically
reads like it just seems like blame
displacement and just functionally
speaking in terms of political rhetoric
it's obvious that the he said about
medicare for all is gonna be much more
helpful in getting those four and five
four out of five right voters then
hectoring them exactly is just that that
it seems just psychically like a need
for people liberals yeah like say hey
this is on the people it's not and like
I do not blame voters for Donald Trump I
think if you do blame them you don't
have a good enough understanding of the
oligarchy that we live in so but by by
putting that in the foreground that's
the problem and you know like it's all
true what he says about elections
mattering but for grounding it and
spending that much time when it isn't
gonna hit the ears that you needed to
hit it's just it's just useless yeah
leave the hectoring to us Obama okay we
will talk to our fellow cynical
Millennials and tell them what's up and
all talk about Medicare for all that's
the truth and also you know and and to
be clear when we talk about like dumb
dumb left we're talking about like
people with platforms and commentators I
don't I think I think people who vote
it's really clear I think that as we
always say over ninety percent of people
who voted for Donald Trump are
Republicans and the task of politics is
to frustrate and thwart and destroy
those people politically that's it and
then for the handful of people that were
taken in by
scam we welcome them back with a clear
robust left-wing economic message and
class solidarity like Jamie talks about
100% and then I mean that's basically it
