I wanted to start with this clip we have
of Alexandria kzo Cortez who was on
who's already a national figure this is
amazing and she was on Colbert last
night explaining what her democratic
socialism or what democratic socialism I
should say means to her this is clip
number two and let's let's hear that now
districts a good shot that you're going
to go to Congress while not guaranteed
we should just say that her opponent in
the general election the Republican he
is a men's rights advocate
he's also raised a zero money that was a
story today zero donations in the last
week people don't want to bet on a
losing horse yes
well wait wait till this message of
men's rights advocacy gets out and so
before we judge but here is a colbert
alley you might be able get people to
get on board with your agenda what is
your agenda because you describe
yourself as a democratic socialist and
that's not an easy term for a lot of
Americans what is the meaning of that
for you what a socialist mean to you for
me so for me a democratic socialism is
about really the value for me is that I
believe that in a modern moral and
wealthy society no person in America
should be too poor to live
so what that means to me
so what that means to me is healthcare
as a human right that every child no
matter where you are born should have
access to a college or trade school
education if they start you know I think
that no person should should be homeless
if if we can have public structures and
in public policy to allow for people to
have homes and food and lead a dignified
life in the United States
super scary stuff super scary stuff and
and there she is
on on Colbert and Jamie you were saying
that the in the wake of her election
there was a huge surge in DSA membership
yeah I see this this is very definitely
verified tweet from Washington Post
reporter he said the democratic
socialists of America report their
biggest single-day jump in membership
ever following Acacio 2018 s victory
Tuesday with over a thousand people
joining in 24 hours and it was our
biggest bump ever so far bigger than the
bump after Trump's election as well as
the bump after disrupt j-20 writer
around similar time which was about
eight hundred each and we're now over
forty thousand members that's double i
feel like it was nationwide which is
just crazy and cool as hell and
you know I've been an electoral skeptic
in the past in terms of how these kinds
of tactics are gonna serve our long-term
horizon of transitioning to a socialist
society built around human needs and not
profits but um one key goal and I just
reread the electoral strategy document
so I made sure I knew what I was talking
about like one really important task
facing us right now is to build our base
and make contact with more of the
working class and that is clearly
happening based on our work with Ocasio
Cortes and I hope it'll continue to
happen so got to give credit where
credit's due
and where I mean know me from your
perspective like where where does this
fit in in terms of New York Paul
Tech's I mean I might what are the
implications for New York politics
seemed to me to be pretty big when
you're looking at Cynthia Nixon who's
running against Cuomo how much does it
how much impact does it have in terms of
New York it was earth-shattering I'll
give you an example other than the fact
that the speaker Cory Johnson came out
and this is New York politics is like
twelve dimensional chests so bear with
me a little bit but I know people love
process it's real fun right now right
the newett saying DSA just sits there
for three hours and talks process it's
great actually
but that's where all the stuff is hidden
is in the process so the new speaker of
of the City Council got his position
through Joe Crowley that Joe Crowley
who's also the head of the Queen's
machine right the Queen's Democratic
machine which is very important in New
York politics Joe Crowley was one of the
signers on this independent democratic
conference deal to make those those he
backed the IDC essential okay and let me
just tell people the IDC is a group of
like six eight Democrats ostensibly
Democrats who caucus with the
Republicans really in exchange I mean
it's sort of amazing how brazen it is
it's literally in exchange for money
yeah like we're gonna give you a bigger
office we're gonna give you resources
and New York politics is the the line
beat I don't I'm not familiar with lots
but it feels like you can get money for
your office as a state senator and use
it to buy yourself stuff
I mean basically feels like larger
offices you know the communications
director of the IDC who now works for
the Republicans she was getting paid
more than twice what the Senators were
painting it's shocking it's it's just a
huge slush fund that they were just
given to caucus with the Republicans and
Andrew Cuomo not only sort of gave his
blessing but almost like my wife did
invented the IDC and actually designed
it and
it was a way for him to avoid having to
ever sign legislation that to houses of
Democrats in New York State a fairly
livable state would be sending him
because he didn't want to taint his
future prospects as a president
ostensibly thinking that he was going to
run in 1993 not to mention it's not just
that he was doing this this you know 90s
era ask you Clintonian game right
triangulation he also was using the fact
that the Senate was holding up the
republican-led Senate because these
Democrats were caucus with Republicans
he was using them to block any sort of
ethics reform we have the losses
campaign finance laws in this country so
he is taking advantage of these things
called the LLC loopholes which basically
LLC's can give an extraordinary amount
of money you can set up a hundred and
fifty LLC's now who does that real
estate and so he has been raising he's
31 million dollars in his coffers there
is a legal way for him to use that money
and move it into a super PAC to support
his presidential campaign right and that
is what it's being buried in all of this
noise but just to go back to original
point cuz this is this is really
important how democratic socialism has
affected in New York State and how it's
gonna affect the DNC Cory Johnson the
speaker who's who's young he's he's
openly gay LGBTQ he has AIDS
he he's HIV stations he has HIV positive
okay um he so he's been very open about
his experience and transformative he
went out and he backed the no IDC
candidates all the candidates running
against the IDC members going against
Joe Crowley who got him his position
just a few months ago Wow okay so that
happened just two days ago right I had a
meeting with a lawmaker in New York
State there's a lot of lawmakers so I
don't want to give this away but
somebody who you would never think in a
million years would ask me this first
thing this person said to me when I sat
down had coffee with him yesterday
because everybody wants to understand
who she is
right
he says I'd like to join DSA I said what
you they now see it as oh my gosh it's
this it's the imprimatur that is gone it
right they're gonna organize for us but
it's the politics weren't that far off
it's just it was such a foreign concept
and and frankly the the what Joe Crowley
he received all these endorsements from
unions and the unions have been a line
of defense for these machine politicians
but they didn't deliver and it's not
that the union members didn't deliver
the union leadership is very different
in New York States it's it's complicated
it's it's very highly transactional and
so you'll see and we saw this with his
effort each outs run and we see this
with Cynthia Nixon's run against Cuomo
they make a calculation we cannot afford
because of highly transactional nature
and and opaque nature of the politics we
can't afford to mess with Oklahoma
because he will and in down the line the
the he will screw us and he has yes yeah
he he went out in an all-out war against
unions just six years ago after he was
elected teachers unions in particular
there were the teachers union in New
York had put up billboards calling out
Andrew Cuomo for being against unions
and teachers and now they have a
friendship again it's a very complicated
relationship so I wouldn't you know the
the unions aren't supporting or turning
people out I don't know if that's
intentional if it's just the weakening
of unions because of Andrew Cuomo but
it's essentially hurting even the
establishment Democrats who rely on them
for support and so there are people sort
of fishing around for another base of
like that will generate boots on the
ground essentially and and do this work
I mean what level of me because you
spend a lot of time with with
politicians like this how sophisticated
are they like how or I should let me put
this way I want to ask how stupid are
most of them but it strikes me that they
that's the way the calculation is is
like oh that is a shiny thing over there
that looks like it could work for me and
there's no other implications really or
it's just like how can I position myself
because I feel to a certain extent we
see a lot of this broadly speaking in
the Democratic Party and I just don't
pay attention to the Republican Party in
the same way although I think that they
are actually the the lunatics now run
the asylum in the Republican Party for a
while for decades I think that they
would kowtow to them and then at one
point they they just became them in the
Democratic Party at least in my run our
Asylum - well yes but they're right but
they're different ones right I mean like
they they do not the the the base is
pushing the party to the left in a way
that it has not in at least in the
better part of my lifetime and certainly
the more so in the past five ten years
then I've saw you know in the decades
before that how much of it is even like
an awareness of what they're adopting or
how much of it is just like this is
where the energy is I'm going there I
think that for those who have political
ambitions and it's not going to cost
them anything right now and in perfect
example would be all these more
neoliberal younger senators who are
lining up for Medicare for all and for
Bernie's policies it really doesn't cost
them anything right now because they
don't have to right yeah exactly they're
not the majority and it looks good and
it gets you know younger group of voters
it's when they do things like say
they're no longer taking corporate money
or they're no longer taking
pharmaceutical money that I think that's
where we're really attacking the route
and that has happened in the Senate when
it the Democrats with some of them but I
think we're I think we're winning the
moral argument right now as Alex
LoCascio Cortez just said I think we're
winning the issues arguments right now
even across the board with Republicans -
across demographics when you talk about
economics and and in an income
inequality it affects you know pretty
much everybody in this country the
electoral I think why this was so
transformative is because you could not
identify two more difficult places to
run for office than the Bronx
Queens in terms of the Machine and Alex
Acacio Cortez annihilated somebody who
was being chosen to be the next speaker
most likely because not just because he
raised money not cuz he was like some
sort of likable guy because he was very
good at controlling people but he
couldn't even control his own machine
right that's interesting I mean this is
a guy who hits real skills this is not
an unskilled politician yeah and and how
much do you think he was aware that this
was happening I mean he it wasn't like
the David brat Eric Cantor thing where I
think like Eric Cantor showed up in his
district three weeks before the election
was like hey wait a second what's going
on here
I feel like Crowley has been aware of
this as a problem for at least like
three or four months at least I think
yes or no I mean I think that they were
worried about her breaking past maybe
like thirty percent in embarrassing him
as he went into the speaker earlier you
know whatever race he's depending on
what happens in the house right um but
let's not forget and I tweeted about
this yesterday about how journalists go
to elected officials for electoral
advice or strategy and allies elected
officials Cuomo Crowley not everybody
they walked into their seats Schumer is
different actually Schumer hustled his
way in right he fought he and he you can
see it sometimes it comes out he has a
sense of where the wind is blowing I
don't agree with a lot of his policies
and who backs him but he does have a
sense of where the wind is blowing on
the ground Crowley
inherited that seat he was a staffer for
the previous congressman and the way
that New York politics works is most
seven out of ten I think
elected officials end up inheriting
their seats by county committee because
the county committee basically decides
who the Democratic nominee is going to
be when there's a special election and
there are a lot of special elections in
New York for corruption for retirement
whole bunch of reasons and that's what
you know he inherited the seat he's
never had a real real opposition he
basically lives in Virginia as Alex
Ocasio Cortez says he doesn't drink the
water his kids don't go to our schools
so there's a disconnect and you know
that meeting I went to with that
lawmaker the other day
a good guy I'm he's actually very
progressive so I shouldn't you know he's
not like all other politicians he asked
me my perspective after we kind of broke
broke down the numbers yes it's like
what a farmer when a farmer is on a farm
and they feel that that day the previous
year is two degrees cooler real
sophisticated politicians know when
things are moving just by the slightest
degree and those are people are
connected to the roots those are people
who know what their voters are like
those are people who go around in their
neighborhoods and talk to the business
owners those are people are listening
and that's what Alex was paying
attention to Joe Crowley had no clue
what the temperature was like in his
district at all last year the year
before the last 15 years i I mean I sort
of feel that's a perfect metaphor for
someone like Nancy Pelosi with the with
the entire with the entire caucus and
not just the entire caucus the entire
party because in the main I am
supportive of Nancy Pelosi I think you
know in her capacity as a both a
majority and a minority leader you know
she never took a vote that she didn't
win I mean she knew what was going on
with that caucus but I think her sense
of what's going on in national politics
now I think it is there's some there
we've gone past some type of tipping
point where she seems completely adrift
I think Chuck Schumer also completely
adrift and no sense of not just even and
I'm just talking from just sheer a
political assessment and what I like the
idea that they would come out with
pay-go
a couple of weeks ago is just bizarre to
me the idea that Chuck Schumer is
talking about you know gas prices or you
know or afraid to get involved in the
mix where we are kidnapping children at
the border is insane like Jeff Merkley
when he went down there it felt like he
was going rogue and because he was going
round
I mean he was and that is stunning that
there are just opportunity after
opportunity after opportunity in terms
of politics and they seem completely out
of touch and I don't know if it's just a
function of of your in the leadership
for too
if you're in the leadership for too long
and you're also like pushing your your
late 70s early 80s with a lot of these
folks and add in the the the rate of
change on the ground all those things
combined make it feel like they are
they've been jettisoned into the ether
and have no sense of what's going on I
mean one of the things that I'm very
encouraged about is in Crowley I think
sort of ironically was probably the most
in touch of the leadership of the
Democratic Party but he still was like
part of that generation on some level
and that opening there creates an
opening for people who are a little bit
more I just feel like you sometimes you
need to to break that up like and and I
think that's pretty positive
