[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well um this
is just a mirror America shared
sacrifice by everybody what could it do
to you except reflect your image I did
nothing wrong at the Minneapolis Airport
a rough far more credible to me than PBS
and front lawn the majority report with
sam cedar
[Music]
it is Thursday November 2nd 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
journalist Katie Gilbert on the
socialist experiment in Mississippi
meanwhile Republican dropped their hot
mess of a tax deal Donna Brazile reveals
details of a Clinton DNC deal Trump in
the White House apoplectic in the wake
of the mana Ford indictments and the DOJ
prepares to charge Russian hackers in
the DNC hacking case meanwhile coal
miners in southern Pennsylvania reject
retraining waiting for Maga the epa
chief bans epa funded scientists from
the epa advisory boards that's the
classic wouldn't want to be a member of
a club that would let me in move slash
just want to make sure science doesn't
interfere with corporations raping the
environment maintaining independence FCC
lowers the boom on local TV and opens
the door for big conglomerates Trump
wall would be builders fear
discrimination amongst normal people and
the Democrats marginally better deal
platform just got marginally better
and lastly Robert Mercer quits his
company in sells his stake in Breitbart
hmm all that and more on today's program
ladies and gentlemen we got a lot of
news to get to this story that Donna
Brazile has written here's I'll give you
the the to long don't read version
because we won't get to this until the
fun half of the program you'll recall
that I think it was over the summer
probably in the spring of last year the
story came out that Hillary Clinton's
campaign apparatus fundraising apparatus
had a relationship with the states that
was denying it was the victory fund
which was the joint fundraising
committee comprised of Clinton's
presidential campaign the DNC and 32
state party committees
it allowed Clinton to solicit checks of
more than 350 grand from high end donors
and then it transferred that money 3.8
million to the the states but then that
money was then resent to the DNC by a
and and ended up in a in a fund
essentially run by a Clinton campaign
staffer and the whole deal had to do
with recent changes to campaign finance
where there were no limitations on where
you could spread money around or there
was no cap on donors in their total
giving and so what they would do is they
would give us sensibly to the states and
it would it was it functioned like you
know you hear those stories of a certain
country where let's say foreigners can't
invest into write Americans can't invest
in country X and so you get someone in
country X to be essentially your proxy
and it's your investment but they're
your proxy they're there it's their name
on the the title this that deal was
something like that and we spoke about
that over the over the summer but Donna
Brazile has written a piece basically
saying I came in and I found this deal
that outlined this and really the big
part about this story was that it gave
so much authority to the Clinton
campaign in terms of how that money was
was directed and DNC resources were used
obviously this is at the beginning the
campaign back in 2015 they made this
deal Bernie Sanders was aware of this
deal he spoke out against it I guess in
2016 and once he realized that he had a
chance to win the the the election but
nevertheless interesting development not
just for what it tells us because some
of that of which we knew but that Donna
Brazile is the one who's telling us
donna brazile was deep cover that's why
she need to give my wife the questions
in advance is seeing it generally off
the trail double agent now I can only
hope that my wife doesn't get her hands
on her triple agent maybe through you
Sam she's gonna get your fostered she's
gonna get she gonna get vince foster tom
seth rich and here on many MSNBC we're
gonna run interference you're gonna do
not the whole thing was really even
though now you have the proof i would
say listen to lay camp the other honest
reporters like to him black part of the
part of the problem by the way that's
pretty embarrassed party wasn't it part
yet he called in the show yes
you got slammed yes that happened months
ago you're very late on this it's just
breaking now standard Lovis has
withdrawn from consideration for the
agriculture department post that he had
to admit yesterday was completely
unqualified for which makes it really
hard to justify why you're up for a post
when you have absolutely no scientific
background
hey Sam what was the last time you
covered the Department of Agriculture
just out of curiosity just now yeah
before that time right what was the last
time we covered it probably I don't know
when Clovis was first nominated yes
coincidentally as soon as Donna Brazile
has blown the lid off of this whole
thing and you want to minimize it
because you're a goddamn Chris Hayes
lesbian looking shill so go right over
to Sam Clovis you ought to be disgusted
with yourself
I think after what Tim black did to you
you better taking a moment to reflect
I beg a sellout career as to has it done
anything worthwhile so it's a goddamn
cameo in Sex in the City
I do but now you're still me you're
gonna say that just beat you got it Sam
you wouldn't know that those a failed
comedian PAC apparantly someone spent
the night on YouTube but we will we will
talk more about this as we go but it's a
it's a good development and apparently
the part of the story is that the deal
the DNC
was completely deprived of funds in part
because Barack Obama left Debbie
wasserman-schultz there whom apparently
everyone thought was completely
incompetent and he was happy to have a
total incompetent there because he
didn't want the competition in terms of
any power base outside the White House
but that's how it's changed Jill girl Oh
worldstar baby all right so before we
get to this interview with Katie Gilbert
on Chokwe and Chokwe anti Lumumba and
what's going on in in Jackson still
fallout obviously from the the terror
attack on Tuesday and you know I we
didn't get into a deep discussion with
it here I I spoke with Digby about it
for Ring of Fire and I imagine I'll talk
about it with Cliff but you know the
bottom line is the distinction between
this attack on Monday or I should say in
Tuesday in New York City
where a man drove a truck down the West
Side Highway bike lane to kill people
and did when you compare and contrast
that with the man in Las Vegas who fired
a automatic weapon on a crowd of 20,000
people killing almost three times as
many people injuring almost 50 times
more people when you start asking why
did they do this the reason why you ask
these questions is how can we prevent
this in the future how can we mitigate
in to the extent that we can't prevent
it in the future how can we mitigate the
damage that can take place in Las Vegas
the obvious way of mitigating what
happens there is perhaps I guess to
increase security I don't know how you
would prevent people from bringing guns
in frankly and and their their luggage
but you could prevent access to guns now
we don't do that in this country because
of statutes and because of
interpretations the Constitution and
because of massive amounts of money that
are poured into our political system
when you contemplate what could be done
in the case of New York you could put
more sophisticated curbing which is
there in New York in many places and you
could maybe maybe make it harder for
someone to do that with a truck or at
least give them maybe a little more
heads-up that hey something's going
weird why is that truck weaving through
these different pylons to get onto this
thing whatever it is but because there
was no direct connection to Isis because
it was nothing operational because the
guy didn't travel to Syria to get
training because he was just a guy
living here came in as an immigrant
eight years ago I suppose you could say
we're not allow any immigrants in but as
Ronald Reagan pointed out on Twitter
yesterday that if you read this book
about the terror plot that was stopped
in the 90s it was stopped by a guy who
came in in the exact same visa from
Egypt so you know you're not necessarily
going to get less in fact there's a good
argument that you could get more of this
if you because for every one immigrant
you let in who is ultimately going to do
something like this you are probably
letting in hundreds if not thousands who
would be in the best position to stop
someone from doing like something like
this
so the idea that there's a broader
lesson here is only a narrative that's
going to be pushed by people there's no
practical application for making an
issue of this guy's religion or the fact
that he followed Isis on YouTube any
more than there was when like hey rock
and roll music is driving people to
commit suicide unless there's some type
of operational ties there's just no
value in it unless you have another
agenda like let's say this guy Brian
Kilmeade whose agenda might be hey we
need we need another block of
programming oh how about our anti-muslim
block see something say something if I
see an angry Muslim who goes into a
supermarket always arguing with the
cashiers is that enough for me to go up
to an officer and say I'm saying
something without being labeled
anti-islamic if you just see someone
who's angry and from a religious
community that is not in that is not
enough so at least at least at least
they were good enough to bring on
someone who would say
that's not enough as I mean I frankly I
think the proper response is what the
 is wrong with you yeah that's what
lead Faris who is not a great guy and
yeah and if he becomes the voice of
reason right likewise first step to
jihad to complain a grocer
number one you start yelling the the why
don't you have how all hot dogs in your
I think you have overcharged for many
soft drinks and Baghdadi has released
new fart we're going to blow it the
whole thing up is this gum fresh
I am a Muslim and must it is not
cinnamon I am a Muslim sir this grocer
is not Saudi a compliant I wonder if
he's got like some like is he going
through something at his local bodega it
kill me it's having an anxiety attack
because he seems mad and I think he's
Muslim
it's probably like a Dominican guy
speaking in Spanish to his friend I
wonder I wonder I wonder how polite and
nice kill meat is as a customer in some
of these places
oh yo Sam it's a serious question
it's a Muslim being rude go listen to
some fleet went back and kill yes I bet
I bet I bet something like 70% of the
vendors who deal with kilmeade on any
type of regular basis are like oh this
or like what the hell is the matter with
that guy huh he still doesn't know how
the Slurpee machine works
all right we're gonna take a break when
we come back we'll be talking to
journalist Katie Gilbert on the
socialist experiment that is taking
place in the form
possibly of Chokwe Lumumba we'll be
right back
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report like to welcome to the program
Katie Gilbert she's a freelance writer
who is writing for Oxford American
dot-org and the piece is the socialist
experiment welcome to the program Kitty
thank you very much
sorry Katie let me let's just start with
this before we go into the story of
Chokwe Lumumba and antar Lumumba and
frankly Jackson Mississippi I'm curious
why why did you write this piece sure
well as I touched on pretty briefly in
the piece I had I've spent several years
as a regular contributor for a financial
trade magazine called institutional
investor and the beat had kind of
assumed for five years or so was
socially responsible investing so this
idea that there are investment products
that are more focused on being kinder to
the environment or human rights or
what-have-you and that this can help
make our economy cerar it interested me
for a while but I started to feel I was
getting a lot more interested in
grassroots versions and trying to
achieve those same goals rather than
some of these products that are being
thought of on Wall Street so I started
looking around for what I was thinking
of as economic experiments around the
United States and especially those that
were gaining traction since the
recession and I found a few I visited a
commune in Virginia that's not new it's
been around 50 years and a few other
things but when I came upon what was
happening in Jackson Mississippi I was
very interested the first thing I
learned about happening there was this
effort around developing a network of
worker cooperatives that would create
good
jobs for people in the city where
there's a big problem when its
long-standing poverty they're businesses
that would need human needs and also not
moves that weren't turning enough of a
profit which the city's had a problem
with all right well we get into what
what is actually was in Jackson
Mississippi tell us just give us a sense
of Jackson Mississippi as a place to
sort of I guess let us know the context
in which these experiments are taking
place right yeah that is important
Jackson is to be is obviously the
capital of the state it's it's had an
interesting history in the past few
decades and it's changed a lot so it was
a majority white city as recently I
believe as the early 70s mid 70s and as
things started to change in Jackson
similar to a lot of southern cities as
schools were desegregated and the kind
of white segregationist power structure
started to crumble it experienced a lot
of white flight so it's now an 85
percent black city the the city was
shrinking pretty quickly in the 90s and
it's leveled off a bit it shrunk a
little bit slower more slowly in the
first decade of 2000 but it's struggling
with a declining tax base it's having a
hard time making payments on things of
basic of keeping up infrastructure so as
soon as you go to Jackson Mississippi
one of the first things you'll hear
anyone talking about are all the
potholes that just aren't being
addressed water distribution system is
facing problems and there is a scare
with lead last year as I recall so it's
taking some pretty fundamental problems
and meeting some of its basic needs of
the city and even in the downtown there
are a lot of storefronts that are empty
but obviously there are a lot of really
great and interesting things happening
there to which I think we're getting to
in terms of seeing some of these these
problems that opening to rethink how
economic solutions might be proposed and
we should say Jackson is the biggest
city in Mississippi by by far right I
mean there's like a hundred and one
hundred and seventy thousand some odd
people there and I think the next
closest city is probably closer to
65,000 so this is this is the biggest
city in the state and so when tell us
about the history of I mean this isn't
the the I guess the the existence of a
socialist experiment in these coops is
not particularly new per se give us a
sense of like what the a brief
recounting in your pieces is is very
comprehensive on this but give us a
brief recounting of sort of the history
leading up to let's say the last ten
years or so right right and there are
there are so many pieces to it Simon I
do sometimes have hard time being
briefed especially when writing about it
but basically I think a good place to
start and looking at the history and
understanding what's happening in
Jackson right now is the late 60s when a
group formed in Detroit called the
provisional government
the Republic of new Africa and what this
group was seeking to do was create a new
nation and a new new society within it
that would be based in socialist
principles it'd be majority black and
led led by black people and it would
occupy five southern states which this
group thought that it would be able to
peacefully petition the US government
for as a sort of reparations and the
idea was that if if you could have a
separate nation you could appeal to
international bodies with human rights
issues and the people who formed this
group had determined that the United
States government had shown that they
didn't have any interest in doing that
when it came to some of the violence and
atrocities that black people were facing
in this country so it was not a lot of
headway made petitioning the government
not surprisingly and there was a day in
the early 70s when a few members of this
group went down to Mississippi because
they had bought land from a farmer there
and decided that if they couldn't have
all five of these states they would at
least take control of some land and
build the dining-hall a few things and
where black people could go and start to
democratically create together a new
society where everyone would have what
they need and be treated with fairness
thank you combien a commune
right right yeah I didn't see them used
that word necessarily but it's what it
sounded like to me short way Lumumba was
in law school at the time and he was one
of the people who went there in the
early 70s and what they called land
celebration day to move on to this land
and and start to build something there
and it was only a few months before the
farmer who sold them that land reneged
on the oral agreement they didn't have
that land anymore and long story short
over the next few years didn't make a
lot of headway in attracting people to
the cause faced a lot of pressure from
COINTELPRO and and other issues they
faced for law enforcement but people
like Chokwe Lumumba still had this
vision this idea of creating a new
society where where they felt that there
would not be a racial inequity class and
equity I mean the rest of it so he was
he formed a couple of groups and in the
90s one of them was the Malcolm X
grassroots movement that had a different
tack really but wanted to focus on this
idea of
creating new political systems economic
systems that were fairer the idea at
that point for em xgm the Malcolm X
grassroots movement wasn't necessarily
you know sovereignty anymore but this
kind of difficult act ik and that group
in the early 2000 started to write a
