now I this audience I think is very
familiar with with the Janis case it is
it was sort of the Friedrich case part
two but Scalia had passed away and had
saved public sector unions and in we now
live in a centrally in terms of public
sector unions a so-called right to work
country which means that of course you
always had the right to work I mean to
the extent that the employers will hire
you you know subject to the employers
but now agency fees the payments for the
negotiations and I think probably even
more expensively the issues that come up
under the contract whether it's so this
is the difference I first off I think
the word right-to-work is the biggest
misnomer I've seen of course but what
has happened is that a lot of these
right-wing groups that frankly first who
didn't want integration in schools
didn't want integration in the in the
workplaces they started doing things
that would separate people from each
other and they used the pretext of
choice but you saw it after Brown versus
Board of Education you saw it in what
happened in in in Virginia afterwards
where all of a sudden school districts
closed because they said well we want to
give people the choice of you know going
to this elementary school also known as
we do not want to integrate this
elementary school and we saw that in the
in labor as well around the same time
right-to-work was about not allowing an
integrated workforce and starting to pit
people against one another having said
that what has happened in the Janis case
was that it overruled
basically 45 years of precedent were
about 23 states under the Tenth
Amendment of the Constitution
had made a decision that it was in the
interest of labor peace and efficiency
of services if workers wanted to they
could create unions and that the public
employer would bargain with the unions
just like GM bargains with UAW right and
then yeah I have 10,000 employees I want
to negotiate with you exactly what I
have but the obligation of the union
which gets lost in a lot of this was
that if they had the solemn
responsibility to bargain the contract
then they bargained for everybody right
and the that that the the obligation of
people was not to join the union people
did not to join but they had to pay a
fair share for the work that the Union
did in representing them in contract
negotiations for health benefits for
pensions for salaries that's frankly
what just got busted out that mean the
the the the ruling from the Abood versa
vote and what and what happened the last
thing I'll say is what happened was what
a boot said 45 years ago was said the a
boot took the the the First Amendment
issues the free expression is off the
table because a boot said you Union if
somebody doesn't want to be involved
politically they don't have to be
involved politically what you have the
responsibility for doing is the terms
and conditions of employment so the
issue a political expression hasn't been
an issue for 45 years and we should just
say that's why this case is so
ideological and why Kagan said Justice
Kagan said it was weaponizing the first
amend exactly and we should say and and
I want to get more to you know how
you're responding in this particular
environment that we're in and those
things but we should say that this is
just one element of the weaponizing of
the first met we just saw in a case
about about fake abortion clinics in
California the the First Amendment is
being used
literally wielded in every direction
that just depending on what the what's
being preferred outright it's being used
as a sword exactly as opposed to what
the original intention was of the
framers and the founders as a shield so
that people could engage in political
speech and not be discriminated against
by the government when they engaged in
that political speech right there's this
whole theory that is being developed of
a forced speech and the implication is
that by paying for services that are
required by your employer right it's
really basically and and they're gonna
do this when it comes to washing your
hands in the if you're an employee
washing your hands it's some type of
forced expression they may they may
bring a case I mean this all started
frankly if you think about it Citizens
United Justice Kennedy basically equated
unlimited corporate donations as
political speech right so that was the
first time all of a sudden money became
speech and and and so we there's a whole
again I point people back to this I
think was Haley Sweetland Edwards had
written about this a couple years ago
about the weaponizing the First
Amendment but alright but but more to
the point in terms of what you're doing
here give me the reaction like what what
obviously you saw Janis coming at least
since the 2016 election on November 9th
I would imagine that was one of the
first things you started to think about
you mean that elections have
consequences that elections have
consequences but that Janice you saw
this coming down the pike people knew
there was another one in the pipeline as
soon as it got picked up by the Supreme
Court well well let me just be clear as
a legal matter because the right wing is
now actually using that argument to try
to see if they can get retroactive
application of Janice so I want to be
meaning we there's now 17 cases that the
right wing has brought after Janice some
of which trying to say oh no
because Justice Alito has been talking
about this for the last five years you
saw it coming
therefore you should have five years ago
clawback yeah yeah yeah all right so
what so I want to be so so I'm not I'm
not being funny about this I want to be
something so it's insane but this is but
when you have a Supreme Court that no
longer is doctrinal but is just
ideological right you hangs on the tape
everything's on the table and so but but
what but let me let me so what we saw is
that I actually sat through the
Friedreich's oral argument and I sat
through the Janis oral argument you know
I'm you know I I pretend that I still
practice law every now and then there's
big stage and and I wanted to hear it
and so in February 2015 Lee Saunders
ahead of ask me came to our Executive
Council and we had talked about this
beforehand and from that day forward we
started planning a very different
strategy about member engagement we've
always talked about we've always wanted
members to be engaged in the Union and
frankly when they are the Union is much
stronger but that what the shift was
that this was now an imperative
it wasn't precatory it was mandatory now
and we had to think through how we
shifted culture from a culture of
members feeling like okay they elected
their local leader they elected their
state state or national leader and then
the leaders did the things and and we
had to figure out a way that the members
not only felt that power but were
engaged and connected and solve
themselves and and and so the stakes
there saw themselves in in the Union and
so the stakes very clearly I mean this
is broadly a problem that we have with
our citizenship in this changed because
voice exactly right because voice became
well it's you know it's somebody else I
did my job
I elected somebody
you know and then people stop voting and
so so we had to really change culture to
a culture of reimagining engagement and
reimagining recommitment and so that
started for us in February 2015 and it
started by one-to-one conversations and
so if you look at our resolutions dating
back to April May of 2015 we put
ourselves on a course of how we're gonna
have and we were gonna have one-to-one
conversations with all our members that
started as simply as how are you what's
going on knocking on people's doors
having these meetings in school meetings
or site meetings showing up and you see
from the themes of our convention caring
fighting showing up and so the the the
the run-up to Janice was much more about
what we were gonna do to re-engage our
members in the Union as not
transactional but a part of their lives
and and so and I and I noticed in your
in your speech in fact I I mean I wrote
this note obviously the the theme but
you said there you had at one point a
bit of a Epiphany that the member
engagement and community involvement
around issues that matter is the is the
pathway for a better life but also I
imagine the success of unions so I mean
I think yeah I often say community is
the new density well I mean it's
interesting because I know that we
touched on this and I think the last
time we spoke was a couple years ago but
on this this this burgeoning and maybe
it's not that burgeoning but social
social justice unionism right and in
some respects I mean is that what are
you saying something similar there
that's okay but what the difference
between what I did today versus the
conversations you and I have had
beforehand and even any speeches that
I've given at the aft is that
the formula spelling it out it's not
rhetorical anymore I used examples that
people in that audience saw because they
have been doing it and so this was
really a reflection of mirroring back to
people of what they've been doing and
frankly I believe it is the path forward
for us because you have right now and
Hillary Clinton actually said this by
using Dickens words you have a
juxtapositioning in this country between
basically oleg earth oleg ARCIC
authoritarian crony istic kleptocratic
takeover of most of the organs of
national power versus tremendous
activism on the ground of people wanting
a better life and it is that kind of
David versus Goliath battle where people
seem to get it and it feels like will
the will of the people
prevail or will the Oleg Archy prevail
do you think so it is social justice and
economic justice is in some ways what
King said in the I have a dream speech
in 1963 as okay so as part of that is
engaging in the community because I want
to I want to talk about like what does
that mean a and B do you think teachers
are uniquely situated to do that or do
you think that maybe they just there's
certain advantages that teachers and and
frankly nurses on some level as well I
mean they have a similar dynamic in
terms of there's a set group of people
who there's there's not as much like a
poll there that there's a poll coming
from a community as opposed
to a push that would have to go for the
teachers I mean being a parent of two
kids let me just say I love frankly
older parents I mean right let me just
say this I think it's more you know I
look at things these days through a lens
of values and responsibility and I think
because teachers and nurses are really
the caring professions that that we are
skilled to care and to help nurture you
know nurses the body teachers the brain
and and and so we are in a position of
great responsibility
and can as a result if people are
willing to do it help move cruelty to
decency and and that's what I think you
see I mean teachers shouldn't have to do
this job just like teachers shouldn't
have to take money out of their pockets
to buy supplies but it takes a really
special person to want to be a teacher
or a nurse frankly I would argue to who
wants to be a probation officer who
wants to actually be a civil service
whose making sure the water is clean in
in in Montana you know so we in some
ways I'm one of the luckiest people on
earth because I get to represent the
people who really care about other
people right I guess what I'm asking is
so I think your aunt the answer to your
question is yes but it's not
opportunistic that's why I'm answering
this way it is because of who we are as
people and and the dilemma is because
our governance structure right now
because in some ways it's been hijacked
I think the Republican Party has been
hijacked too if you look at Steve
Schmidt and what he talks about or even
Joe Scarborough and frankly I'm you know
i got it they have I have sparred with
them Oh
but on the issue of democracy they if
you hear them and not on the issue of
economics but on the issue of democracy
they're set the guy who gave us yep
you don't even have to finish answering
I'm like Sarah Palin didn't come out of
nowhere right and and so and you know
but gyro gate who who also I would say
you know I mean this is married to a
rabbi I believe in Redemption I had I
get your to go that's fine so anyway
seriously I'm sorry
well no but but I want to ask you
because all right aside from it not
being opportunist yes so I mean that's
fine I agree
but but I'm I am looking at it from a
pure strategy and power I want to just
look at this from it from a purely a
power perspec right okay so and and I
think there is a natural tendency for
teachers obviously and nurses think
their jobs are to care about people and
so they're gonna develop these
relationships correct but there's also a
strategy to this and there's awesome
there's also going further than just the
parents do right I mean right there's
also and info questions as to where else
are we going to exercise this power that
we have and to leverage these
relationships that we already have with
the correct and in fact if you remember
and and frankly there were corporate
Democrats who are as guilty as this of
this as you know Republicans like Betsy
DeVos Joel Klein was one of them
Michelle Rhee was one of them that they
actually tried to strip teachers of that
dignity and that those relationships and
that strength bike can fight you know at
at during the last recession basically
trying to say over and over again that
you know
that that the biggest issue in teaching
was tenure as opposed to the biggest
issue in teaching is how do we recruit
and retain great teachers for all our
kids how do we pay them sufficiently
enough so that they're not doing three
or four or five jobs how do we have the
tools and conditions so we meet kids
where they are and help nurture them and
if somebody is not doing their job you
know due process should not be
interpreted as a job for life you know
there should be real evaluation systems
but we had to actually fight through
that garbage that was thrown at us in in
state after state after state as a
pretext for austerity and for laying
teachers off and what's happened now in
25 states still spend less money on
education and what you saw in West
Virginia Oklahoma Kentucky Colorado
Arizona was teachers basically saying
look I love doing this job but I can't
keep on working two and three and four
jobs right and I gotta actually feed my
own family and and this is what was so
amazing and when you try to pit me
against my students I'm not taking the
raise and you taken that out of my
students hide we need to actually have
enough money for both for the kind of
conditions for kids and I think what
shocked the country was how much public
support teachers in these red states god
I mean what they were doing I spoke
today to Oklahoma City president the AFT
and he I think was said that even they
were surprised that nothing after a
couple of weeks there was no there was
not the sort of fall off that he had
anticipated people are still bringing
and so I guess but that activism that we
saw in those red states that's also what
you're seeing well that you know it is
and it isn't
and the reason I say it is it is in
terms of activism the reason I say it is
and it isn't because there are the the
issue about collective bargaining is
absolutely an essential pathway for
working people to have a better life so
what I think you're also seeing in those
states that were the blue states that
just lost agency fees as a result of
Janus you see also an incredible model
of reengagement and of actually doing
more political work in those states so
the irony in both the states that had
collective bargaining and the states
that didn't have collective bargaining
is that you're gonna see more political
action that what Alito and Kennedy tried
to snuff out actually is gonna backfire
hugely because people will be more
politically engaged and that is the
model now would it be better if a lot of
problems actually got solved there's
numerous problems in education or in
nursing at a bargaining table where
people could talk them through yeah of
course but what you're seeing now is if
they're not going to be talked through
and the employer the state is not going
to respect people it's not gonna be the
Koch brothers that that employer is
gonna have to reckon with it's gonna be
teachers and parents that are saying you
need to solve these problems because
public education is a public good for
our kids if if I was asked you to take a
bet is there gonna be more put aside
what just happened I mean obviously this
will implicate your answer maybe but is
there gonna be more withholding of labor
in the next five years than there was in
the last night yes and and Alito will
end up look Alito's dismissiveness and
derisive nosov labor peace is what
elitists do because they live in their
little white towers
where they don't actually engage with
the people and what has happened is that
when you had collective bargaining both
in the private sector in the public
sector you saw less strikes you saw less
stoppages of of work when you had in the
public sector what you saw is people
made people ended up solving problems at
a bargaining table and if you don't have
that ability to do that anymore or you
have less of that ability to do that
you're gonna take it on the streets
because these problems have to get
solved the issue about having enough
wages to live in a democracy
with for yourself and your family the
the issue of making sure that you're not
one illness away from bankruptcy the
issue of making sure that there's public
education for special needs kids making
sure you don't have class sizes of 60 or
70 so you can't teach kids these are
legitimate issues and if we can't solve
them at a bargaining table we're gonna
try to solve them because this is what
people need
do you anticipate having more
conversations with unions outside
obviously you guys are affiliated with
the afl-cio I mean but do you anticipate
sitting down and looking across
industries that you may not have ever
sort of contemplated in the past and
saying you know there's we need to have
some solidarity that transcends union
affiliation industry affiliation even
genre right like I mean is that and it's
we gotta see more of that look first
first off Lee Saunders and I both went
and spoke at the NEA Convention Mary Kay
Henry Lee Lilly are all coming here we
did a video together that those are the
four largest public sector unions Larry
Cohen and I have talked about how to
have some conferences on sectoral
bargaining now Larry is no longer the
head of the CWA but we are really
thinking through different kinds of
ideas this that Democrats in the Senate
and in the House of Representatives have
