there's some really great people running
for Congress legit Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez is part of a broader efforts
across the country I just interviewed
Cannella inge County LA it hasn't been
released yet we're gonna probably put it
up either today or tomorrow on the it'll
be unlocked for everybody on the Michael
Brooks show patreon also on iTunes we
haven't decided which YouTube channel
yet but it was great interview and we
covered everything from his proposal for
a universal social housing option which
is a excellent parallel for the federal
job guaranteed Medicare for all in
postal banking we talked about his
organizing the state legislature against
Mark Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg went to
Hawaii and tried to kick a bunch of
Hawaiians out of their homes so he could
build a some type of Peter Thiel style
apocalypse bunker and Canela Inge helped
stop that from happening so that's an I
will let me actually I I like that
status and we also then talked about
everything even from Brazil the coup in
Brazil and how he is a congressman would
practice International Labour and Social
Democratic solidarity he's the real deal
he's a great candidate this is an ad
they just put out it's the same people I
believe actually who did Cortez's ad
it's a talented outfit every month I pay
sixty percent of my income just for rent
and student loans
if you're making under 93 thousand
dollars a year in Hawaii and you're
considered low-income know now is 11 my
father passed away I worked in the
pineapple fields to help my mom a the
bills and later at Walmart and hotels to
pay my own most of my classmates my best
friends go to the mainland unable to
afford life here in Hawaii we're
surrounded by military bases spending
trillions of dollars waging for-profit
wars we have an affordable housing
crisis our children are moving away and
health care is somehow a luxury it's
time for a new era of democratic
leadership
my name is Connie Allah King and that's
why I am running for Congress it's easy
to blame Republicans to blame Trump for
our problems we have to look in the
mirror who controls our state who's
controlling our party the people of
Hawaii the man housing for all Medicare
or call of green new deal free college
and student debt cancellation now the
majority of people in Hawaii and across
the nation support his ideas but big
donors don't I'm the only candidate in
this race isn't taking corporate money
as a candidate I remember my grandma
telling me stories of my ancestors how
they preserved our environment and took
care of each other she told me how our
people were exploited by colonizers and
forced to work on plantations the people
of Hawaii have clumped together and
risen up before and we can do it again
if my great-grandparents didn't stand up
to the corporate establishment of their
time I would still be on the plantation
it's time for us to stand up not just to
leave a better future for our children
or grandchildren to live a better life
for ourselves Hawaii for the many as
possible but no one will give it to us
we have to take it together vote Connie
Ella cycling on August 11th whoa no
Iaconelli wi e ka o allah he's an
amazing candidate i had a great
interview with him we also talked about
Bob Marley and chronics and I will add
that Eadie case who is leading the polls
it's an uphill battle at case is one of
the worst Democrats imaginable uh like
much worse than Joe Crowley like not
even like a like a machine guy like a
right-wing Joe Lieberman style
I believed lobbied for a union-busting
hotel and in 2006 there was a senator
from Hawaii daniel Akaka who was not you
know he was he was a liberal basically a
legit liberal I think like Conn yelling
a native Hawaiian I think he served in
the Senate wasn't spectacular but he had
some good like he he voted against the
invasion of Iraq he was a steady voice
for labor ed case ran a Senate race
against him from the right in 2006 and
fortunately lost but ed case is a
disaster I think also related to a Steve
Case who's like the AOL guy so this is a
very good verse evil primary there and a
con yelling will be another excellent
voice to get into Congress yes and shout
out to the filmmakers they're called
means of production there are a couple
of Detroit based members of the
Democratic socialists of America Austin
they also did the ad for AOC there's a
great article about them and intercept
if anyone's interested in learning more
there means underscore TV on Twitter
means underscore TV they're doing great
it's interesting to note the emergence
of these sorts of things in parallel
with the labor stuff in the UK
is it a movement movement they have some
sort of momentum like their media
operation is like they're like they're
like six months ahead of us right think
they I like bracelet and then we had
Trump like they're just slightly earlier
earlier scheduled it's actually funny
because it used to be like with all the
Third Way stuff that like the Blair
people came and copied Clinton and now
it's happening with reverse with the
actual left wave now maybe we're about
to get a Jeremy Corbyn to it's time go
 yourselves
I mean look bernie is still like the
dude I'm not like I'm open to critiques
of Bernie I'm totally like whoever the
Democratic nominee is I will support
period but I'm nobody has given me I've
gotten some compelling critiques of
Bernie from people well to the left who
definitely do not have a viable
Democratic candidate to go against him
and in 2020 of Bernie Sanders runs if
you're in any way serious about any of
this stuff I have me just unfathomable
to me that you wouldn't support him in
the primary wait left enough for what
are you talking about i I'm sorry
I'm saying the only valid criticisms
that I hear of Bernie come from people
who are well to the left of Bernie and
they do not have there's no Democratic
candidates gonna run in 2020 that it's
the left at Bernie's oh yeah yeah and so
I'm saying like I so III I get not
wanting a hero worship the guy and I get
having a critique but I think even even
I guess even people trying to pit posit
like AOC against Bernie it's like no
this is the same politics and Bernie
like she worked for Bernie's campaign
like Bernie helped make all this happen
and he's still grinding it on everything
from he just introduced a bill to get
rid of for a cash bill and he just
signed the Brazil letter the dude is
good absolutely I mean I support him and
I critique him right at the same time um
but I I guess I should have said we're
gonna get an election like the UK
recently had yeah no I think you I think
the popular feeling that would create
both those in both places is similar
definitely definitely and Bernie's
really I mean thank God for brawny the
other thing announced at what he did for
us in 2016 was so frigging help the
other thing is if you look at
presidential history if we get Bernie
Sanders he is like the best president
from a policy standpoint that we've put
in there for I mean since maybe like at
least Johnson at least Johnson and also
I don't anticipate Bernie I mean I'm not
I'm sure I'll object to things just
structurally in foreign policy but I
don't perceive Bernie getting us into
like a mass murder grindhouse war in
Asia or the Middle East and he has a lot
more uh you know political capital that
is you know susceptible to being
criticized by things that are awful
happening done by us Empire so it's it's
you wouldn't be able to stop a lot of it
but it's better Hemant in there then oh
one other thing with Canela Inge and AOC
the like people are started trying to
read the tea leaves and how radical AOC
will be what she's in right and the
truth is like it really depends on who
else is in there with her like if
Cannella King is in there its she's
gonna be way more radical and have way
more room to be radical than if it's
just her and by the way then you know
who else will be more radical barbara
Lee lay dress like the people that are
already there who have pretty good
politics they're seeing this and there's
because that was something that oh and
Jones said to me when we talked about
Corbin I think he was a hundred percent
right he's like what Corbin has done to
the Labor Party is it's revealed like
there's some people in the Labour Party
who are really they're frankly just
they're very extremely right-wing
they're blare rights they're they have a
different right wing politics there's
other people that don't agree with
Corbin and but they're they're they're
soft they're center-left and he's like
and there's a chunk of people he's like
who really just to be fair to them their
whole formative political lives were
defined by the notion that left politics
were discredited and so now they're
they're basically being like wait we can
actually do this stuff and win great
that actually is what I believe like I
actually am
socialists and they're happy and that's
and I you'll definitely if you think of
people who've grinded it out in modern
democratic politics including people
like barbara lee who've taken some very
brave stands they're gonna be very happy
to have some like serious energy behind
them to move in the right yeah Ryan grim
had a good segment for is it rebel HQ
that's yeah that was saying like there's
members of the Progressive Caucus that
like the premise of the piece was that
they're not all overjoyed with AOC
success because a lot of them are like
okay she's gonna challenge me in a
primary where is you know and like good
like they should be afraid like that
absolutely yeah the ones who are good
should will have and the ones who've
just been coasting they should have the
fear of God in them she's already
floating a sub caucus idea for
progressives to vote as a bloc which is
like wow imagine is that Tea Party what
I need to do need to do something like
that they need to do and that's and
that's right and that's it I mean the
progressive caucus the progressive
caucus was founded I believe by Bernie
Sanders in the 90s with a couple and it
was literally like just to be like you
know there's a handful of us that don't
want to totally deregulate Wall Street
and gut the social safety net because
that's where politics was at this point
now it can be much more aggressive like
that congressional subpar could be like
well not just Medicare for all what
about you know what about universal
housing what about canceling student
loan debts what about cutting the
military budget I mean all of that type
of stuff it's great what you say be
something but they need to have a bla I
actually think a block like that is kind
of the synthesis answer for like how to
relate to the Democratic Party
like I think cuz I don't but you know
obviously I don't I think this third
party thing is not gonna happen at a
federal level but I do think that there
does actually need to be some type of
distinct power of vector that isn't just
like subsumed and some type of real
distinct block like that
Rafael character Tory and I don't know
how to pronounce his last name and David
CLIA I'm talking CLIA and said I know
power feels far away from the left but
if Democrats win control of the house
and a block of even a dozen
some switches maybe that's that's
optimistic but our so members of the
Democratic caucus have politics of okay
Okinawa in a scenario that by 2020 seems
entirely plausible we would have
enormous leverage enormous leverage
iref else is an important point it's not
necessarily about pushing the Democrats
as a party to the left but about forming
a unified and disciplined voting bloc
that's it absolute that's exactly it
I mean I think I was talking about this
the other day I think it would be pretty
badass if a lot of these real
progressive folks which their
affiliation to independent once they
were beloved incumbents like Bernie did
he was independent the whole time as a
total anomaly like or like Bernie did
from the beginning yes it's a hold on um
he's not even a Democrat because like
there really is a need for an
independent I don't want I don't know if
it's a party or if it's a movement but
we need some class independence from a
capitalist political parties and you
know I don't think we're there yet where
we can have a third party I think that's
gonna be a really long time before
there's any kind of like labor or
Democratic Socialist Party in America
that could run and win on anything but
the very local level but that said like
it's something to keep in mind and we
have seen over and over again
throughout history the way the
Democratic Party attempts to co-opt
these left populist movements I mean I
saw it the other day at a fest when Tom
Perez tried to take the credit for
Ocasio Cortes so it's just stuff it's a
lot of balls unlike I think the DSA
should people involved in DSA should be
very you know honest and clear about
their major role in that happening and
also totally that like our revolution
and just justice Democrats were
essential in making that happen
but it's that was a progressive
Democratic Socialist wind like Tom Perez
getting in on that is Alexandria like he
knows her and I think it's important to
flag how unpersuasive that is I also
think it's that is an inevitable
byproduct of the project that is the
inevitable byproduct of success right
that's they're gonna try and co-opt it
and we can't let them I would also and
you know it's funny for me like I all
really reiterate though how
in some ways like really profoundly just
I just don't have the emotional
attachment to any of these party label
questions period to the point where I
could be persuaded honestly in a pure
Republican district debt somebody is
like I'm gonna run as a DSA candidate in
a Republican primary like I high school
do it like I have no awesome like if you
have a strategy and you're like I'm not
gonna compromise on a sink like I'm
literally running that same ad except it
will be in the Republican primary
awesome like if that's easier if that is
the lower barrier to entry because
you're in a one-party state cool and I
think that's I think that will throw
some monkey wrenches there too I think
it's great i I should ask some of my Red
River Valley DSA people what they think
about that sort of approach in North
Dakota but that's what happened to note
to go 200 years ago there was a
nonpartisan League they said we're gonna
run in both sides right and it just so
happened that at that point the
Democrats were more less controlled by
Capitol basically because the
Republicans were like the railroad party
and that's how it worked out but you
take yeah all these things are on ramps
yeah precisely
