[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
yah my just is
your Royal Highnesses distinguished
guests comrades and friends today all
are still by our presence here and by
our celebrations in other parts of our
country and the world confer glory and
hope to newborn Liberty out of the
experience of an extraordinary human
disaster that lasted too long
multipolar Society of which all humanity
will be proud our daily deals as
ordinary South Africans must produced an
actual South African reality that will
reinforce humanity's believe in justice
strengthen his confidence in the
nobility of the human soul and sustain
all our hopes for a close loss life for
all this we owe both to ourselves and to
the peoples of the world who are so well
represented here today to my convertors
to my combatives
I have no hesitation in saying that each
one of us is as intimately attached to
the soil of this beautiful country as
are the famous Jacaranda trees of
Pretoria and the mimosa trees of the
Bushmen each time one of us touches the
sign of this land we feel a sense of
personal renewal the national mood
changes as the seasons change we are
moved by a sense of joy and exhilaration
when the grass turns green and the
flowers bloom
that spiritual and physical oneness we
all share with this common homeland
explains that the depth of the pain will
all carry in our hearts as we saw our
country tear itself apart in terrible
conscience and as we saw it spend
outlawed and isolated by the peoples of
the world precisely because it had
become the universal base of the
pernicious ideology and practice of
racism and racial oppression we the
people of South Africa feel fulfilled
that you know humanity has taken us back
into its bosom that we were outlaws not
so long ago had to date given the rare
privilege to the host or to the nations
of the world on our own soil
[Applause]
[Music]
it's the Michael Brooks show my name is
Michael Brooks we are broadcasting alive
from Brooklyn in USA where it left as
best as it is everywhere else with
super-producer
you chief economist David Briscoe how's
it going super booster David Slovak
off-site roaming digitus fear Twitter
discord everywhere else and growing ever
expanding ever aggressive
universe on this week's program mehrsa
baradaran not bad she is the author of
the color of money she's a professor of
law at the University of Georgia we are
talking about the foundations of wealth
disparity in this country in the history
of racial discrimination and financial
distribution and the overlapping
hierarchies that have created the
distinct pathologies of American
capitalism and then a very frankly
lightweight but embraced by the
intellectual dark web a group of men who
have once again taking their
self-proclaimed named after a part of
the web where you you know I don't know
buy like stolen organs and child porn
yeah that group they've attempted to
promote the work of an article the
challenge to work will respond to that
and touch on the federal jobs guarantee
plus megan mccain who has she ever like
when you watch megan mccain you realize
we really do think gulags we'll get to
that in the gulags segment and the
shoutout
there are some very good people running
for congress of course we know about
alexandria Ocasio cortez but there's
candidates from Massachusetts to Hawaii
running for real left campaigns
medicare-for-all abolish ice
and deal with the overarching themes of
inequality u.s. militarism and all of
the areas of true crisis and opportunity
that we face today register get out vote
it's coming all that and more on this
week's Michael Brooks show but first
let's turn our attention to what
happened in Israel just a couple of days
ago
many of us have said for quite some time
if we're talking in a purely functional
legal ethical and moral sense Israel is
an apartheid state with regards to the
occupation of the West Bank which very
closely mirrors what we saw in South
Africa the occupation the siege on Gaza
which is actually a very different thing
and in some respects more autonomous
than what you would see in apartheid and
then also far worse because it's
literally a ring of presence that does
not allow people in Gaza to function in
any way outside of the open-air prison
that Israel has control over and of
course is governed in absolutely a
repressive and abusive way by Hamas this
legislation that was passed last week
and deals with Israel within 67 borders
where Israeli politicians could make the
case in some limited respects that in 67
borders Israel was a sort of
preferential democracy but still a
democracy
well this law statehood law has come
into place and that throws that and to
profound doubt we're gonna set the table
this is a piece a report from Al Jazeera
that goes over the reaction to the bill
from Arab and Palestinian lawmakers and
some of what's actually in this
legislation as Israel's capital
Stephanie Decker has more from West
Jerusalem it's official Israel is a
state exclusively for Jews that's the
essence of the controversial
nation-state bill passed by the Knesset
on Thursday after hours of heated debate
the measure became law by a vote of 60
to 255 with two abstentions
for years the language of the bills
divided political opinion between the
ruling parties and the opposition Arab
members of the Knesset say the law
legalizes discrimination this is a bill
from a government that is an enemy to
Palestinians it's the most dangerous
measure it's a law from a racist
government against Palestinian rights
and it creates an apartheid regime
it turns Israel into a fascist state the
most controversial clause in the bill a
provision calling for Jewish only
communities was replaced at the last
minute the original legislation would
have allowed the state to establish
separate communities on the basis of
religion and nationality
the replacement provision says the state
cease developing Jewish settlement as a
national interest and will take steps to
encourage advance and implement this
interest then of course Israelis
far-right government Israel's far-right
government is made up of a coalition
which includes parties that support
settlers in the West Bank and parties
explicitly dedicated to the West Bank
settler colonial project and as we know
and as I touched on before Israel was
already an apartheid state in a very
broad sense of the term because of the
67 borders this an occupation that has
been ongoing since the 67 war this is
the legal definition of apartheid a
deliberate and systemic act of racial
discrimination with the purpose of
maintaining unlawful structures of
domination by one race over another we
see this in everywhere from separate bus
lines IDF soldiers backing settlers in
violence against Palestinian civilians
we saw this in the reality that
Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank
are not autonomous actors and are
controlled by an outside force who in
the case of West Bank restricts their
movements and freedom behind an iron
cage and security wall and in Gaza
blocks them from food medicine
participation in a global economy and
regularly kills civilians in Gaza in a
reckless and wanton fashion which we see
on a regular basis so that is the
reality of Israel and it's also a
reality now that
it's sort of very painful and striking
variant is really giving the sort of
final death throes of a liberal Zionist
perspective and I'm agnostic about this
in the sense that was there a historical
injustice and the founding of the State
of Israel going back to the 1940s which
as a matter of course meant that
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
lost their homes absolutely it's a
foundational injustice and it's of
course also a foundational reality that
Jewish people fled genocide Holocaust
and persecution from from Europe and
this was the political reality and the
reality of the founding of Israel if you
had a point where there was an actual
two-state solution with two full clear
autonomous states and provisions for
Palestinian refugees including going
back to an independent Palestinian state
or going back to Israel and financial
compensation other resources that might
have been the workable political
solution and that by the way was never
fully put on the table not by a hoot
Barak whose proposal would have only
been about 95 percent of occupied
territories and would still not allow
for an autonomous Palestinian state in
terms of doing things like controlling
its own airspace a hood bra a hood
Olmert came a lot closer but still some
of the same problems remained and of
course even as he was doing that he was
implementing on the verge of
implementing cast lead which was a major
humanitarian series of crimes against
Palestinians in Gaza so we're at a point
today where a regardless of where you
come from with it if you value equality
fraternity anti religious supremacy of
any code of any sort and you do not
believe in identitarian politics at the
expense of the human rights for all you
need to be in the struggle for a
non-violent fully democratized
resolution to this process not only is
the world turning in the opposite
direction in fact we could see that
Israel's on Apollo
jeddak racialised ethnos state was
actually not just the sort of
exceptional case which the United States
supported in all conditions and the
Europeans had an ambivalent but
supportive relationship to in some cases
because of their obvious hideous history
towards the Jewish people specifically
in Germany's case obviously but in many
other European cases we can actually see
now the far-right ethno nationalist
fusion of hyper capital and white
identity politics in Israel because of
course this also not only applies to
Palestinians this also applies to Jewish
people who might be from Ethiopia as an
example not this bill specifically but
other efforts to deport people and moves
by the Israeli right we could see that
this move this strategy was the
precursor of a resurgent far-right
politics in all Western countries so
that the fascist heirs of the same
people that persecuted the Jewish people
in France and Germany and elsewhere that
are now running rampant over Europe but
this time in a program of Muslim bigotry
they reached out to Israel quite some
time ago because they saw an analogy
there and it's the same reason that the
ever punchable Richard Spencer endorsed
this legislation and it's also the same
reason why you'll see some of the worst
people on earth showing up on your
YouTube feed trying to lie about the
legacy of the liberation struggle of
South Africa which is something that
we're gonna have to be covering much
more extensively and we'll be on this
show but if you care about real values
you care about dignity justice and
freedom from violence for all then you
have to be supportive of a clear just
and equitable solution for all in Israel
Palestine and Nelson Mandela is in our
camp on this and here he is at a town
hall that he did with Ted Koppel in
Harlem just in his first tour of the
United States before becoming president
of a democratic South Africa and after
being released from being imprisoned by
the apartheid regime for several decades
as far as yes arafat is concerned I
explained that to mr. Sydney that
we identified with the piano because
just like ourselves they are fighting
for the right of self-determination and
part of that new project is we're
actually inaugurating a new series on
our recently launched independent
YouTube channel which we're going to
talk about in a few minutes in the pitch
but in YouTube fashion we're coming up
with this series of called it's like
with titles like 30 times that Mandela
owned Israel or this Zionist idiot ass
Mandela question and then got crushed
[Laughter]
that's what there was a huge market for
VHS in the 80s ferment Oh like 90s it
was the 80s I was like wow say he was
like he was owning Zionist via video
conference from prison that's pretty
impressive
it's like real real loosening in the
apartheid regime there they were like I
don't we're not gonna let Mandela out of
jail but if he wants to crush Zionists
and YouTube compilations he can do that
I don't see what difference I got see
you know those videos would be awesome
could we get what what what I don't
watch those videos actually but do they
like bed music underneath like 50 times
like been free to find one I guess so oh
I usually wait to have my stomach turned
until the postgame with those kind of
stuff but I'm just curious like like
actually you know we don't even need one
for our purposes let's suggest that
these videos have some type of bedded
music under them maybe like the
instrumental to something like eye of
the tiger or something like it something
like that I feel like that's very
fitting for like you know the 52 times
that Ben Shapiro told a student that
transgenderism wasn't real or whatever
the these nonsense videos are on
YouTube I just got distracted by some of
the titles
I'll put them up assure you did but we
need some vetted music in a second okay
wait
Jordan Peterson class with feminist host
and heated interview on gender equities
epic Jordan Peterson mops the floor long
[Laughter]
alright let's see if we can get like a
epic Mandela fan tell'em mops the floor
with snowflakes zionist student this is
my name is as if and I have a question
for mr. Mandela about Israel oh I see
the snowflakes are out this evening do
you compare academia Hamas terrorism
because it is very hurtful for us when
you don't well first of all you must ask
ourselves what is terrorism terrorism is
the fight but if you think Mandela
started talking and speeding up like
Shapiro the apartheid is a specific
legal metric which means discrimination
and systemic band out of people based on
nowadays racial characteristics so that
applies both to South Africa and his
real sorry facts don't care about your
feelings crushed
destroy destroy Mantella destroy
Zionists
hey that's more like the right Jean
trick that doesn't really work that's
right that's right wing Mandela music
that's right wing Mandela music alright
let's go to the shoutout gentlemen shall
we and let's play it all the way back
only agreed Anarchy could give us a
[Music]
[Music]
talk about it David David really grooves
out to that slog dude I'm a sucker for
those beats yeah yeah he brings fire and
by the way somebody asked me like the
point really is is that whatever we're
shouting out probably Alex Jones would
be really unsettled by so we're both
paying homage to him as a broadcasting
talent we're also saying like the thing
that we're about to praise Alex Jones
would be like you know this is part of a
globalist cabal blah blah I wanted to
talk about it we'll start with her and
there's a couple of candidates I just
want to mention me look there is
absolutely no contradiction between the
urgent and essential need for mass
organizing we're talking about
everything from teacher strikes I'm
really interested in tenant rent strikes
campaigns
Joshua Kahn who for patrons we've
initiated a new series of patreon
content on the specifics and the how-tos
of organizing he's worked everywhere
from transgender rights in Columbia to
the climate crisis in the Philippines to
combating Joe Arpaio who's white
supremacist policies with regards to
immigration in Arizona really that along
with people like Jesse Helms southern
Stratton politics were really the
foundations of the modern Republican
Party all of that is true and
indispensable and it's also absolutely
essential that Democrats take back
Congress ideally the Senate and you
really need to make sure that you at the
very least are registered and voting or
participating in the process there's no
sort of like tool cool position for that
and I do also want to highlight the fact
that there are some actually very
worthwhile and good people running for
Congress obviously we know about
Alexandria Acacio Cortes we're gonna
need to stay very vigilant on that
campaign because Joe Crowley's doing his
little sneaky by staying on the
Working Families line I believe it is so
we're gonna have to keep monitoring that
and let's make sure her general
election margin over him is even bigger
than the primary and also this isn't an
idea it's just a thought maybe somebody
will snatch his board to run Qatar just
the thought but there's other people
running and I this this actually really
stuck out for me
yo Higgins who's a good journalist that
I know a lot of people follow is abased
out not too far from where I grew up in
Massachusetts and he wrote a profile on
the intercept for a candidate named
Herrera I'm a tool of a dude who is
running in Massachusetts his first
district this is the area that I grew up
in in rural Western Massachusetts not I
the district has been broken up
basically so even though I grew up in
these towns it's actually a different
district than the one I grew up in and
she is taking on a guy named Richie Neal
who is the Dean of the Massachusetts
delegation and the sort of perfect
hybrid of like machine politics with
corporate donations in the Crowley mode
although with far less charm to be
honest she's an african-american Muslim
attorney
she works in civil rights and
immigration cases and among other things
including actually some very local and
important issues for the economy of an
area like so many other rural areas
that's really fallen behind she's
running on a campaign of
medicare-for-all on and abroad serious
civil rights campaign and we have her
link up to her website she might be on
the show but I'd like people to check
her out
Tahrir AMA told Wadud she is a great
candidate and the piece is can this
progressive woman of color pull off in a
kzkzo Cortez style upset in
Massachusetts
kalana I'm gonna I'm gonna butcher it so
I'm gonna look it up kaniela Inge is a
candidate that I just record an
interview with and it's going to be
released for everybody we're releasing
it publicly as a bonus for TMDs bonus
for everybody on our new youtube channel
and of course on patreon and on iTunes
he's a member of Democratic Socialist
for America he was a leader in clawing
back and protecting people's homes from
