I have some areas of agreement
disagreement and then I think but but
before we get in some ways those are
actually almost sort of secondary
because I think that broadly speaking
it's always struck me that there's
essentially there's some position that
acknowledges reported realities and
certain connections and then you can go
from either thinking that it points to
something kind of scattershot
and limited but still real or something
more systemic and so on but I think that
anywhere in that kind of middle category
anywhere that isn't either on one hand
that this is you know Putin Manchurian
Candidate and the vote and of the kind
of full garland Mensch sort of world and
then on the other hand the complete
denial of reality world that you see
some people on the left right that
they're in in there is this is an area
unlike many others or I do think there
is some kind of like broad sort of
middle I guess that makes some sort of
sense though I wish I could think of a
better word I'm not sure what that was
there but but before we get to that I
mean I think the other very relevant
point of this piece though is how you
frame how we understand this because
this is another area that I think
actually takes place even independently
of the specific evidence or not evidence
about what happens there's people like
me who would say I think that there's
totally real evidence there I'm not sure
if I'm as convinced as you are is how
sort of systemic and integrated it was
but as I say there's no doubt that
there's something there but then I might
say I'm concerned that some people use
Russia as a sort of conspiratorial
rubric to sort of dismiss and get away
from any other conversations including
by the way the fact that things like
influence peddling on social media is
going to be leveraged by everybody
including you know domestic influence
peddlers which I think are ultimately
kind of in an American domestic context
much more dangerous than
and foreign policy to a clean election
process I'm more concerned about what
the Facebook ads that the Koch brother
you know outlets are gonna sort of end
up cooking up but being that as it may I
think it was very important about your
piece is that instead of kind of drawing
to this one-dimensional Russia
conversation
you drew a through line that connects
the influence peddling of Russia to a
broader set of revelations about
everything from the Panama leaks the
paradise papers these kind of global
parasitic relationships of money and
influence peddling
that is sort of exemplified in our
neoliberal time and you filter the
Russia investigation through that angle
so maybe if you could sort of elaborate
on that yeah absolutely
um it's very funny actually on my pitch
I promise not to use the word neoliberal
in the piece and in the end I did it but
I certainly had it in mind neo liberal
liberal neoliberal neo liberal sometimes
overused my true I think it's a very
good word yeah with a real meaning but
but many many disagree so there Neil
words yeah I haven't read yes especially
near liberal right but I was I was
trying to um I I was trying to move the
conversation forward in a way yes
because I I have been frustrated over
the last year by how much time and
energy I spent just arguing with people
over whether the Russia story is a thing
at all whether there's anything to it
and I think people at this point it is
becoming pretty ludicrous to pretend
that there's not something you say and
we can debate about its size or
importance or whether it was decisive
and in many ways that that's an
empirical debate more information will
come out well no but it's getting to the
point where it's it's completely absurd
to pretend that it's just all made up by
by the DNC or whatever but or the deep
state but um there's a word that's tiny
review aired yeah that one should be
it's a great word but I mean Sean he's
talking about it then you really don't
know anyways please go ahead well yeah
sure but but it but yeah I I wanted to
move the conversation forward sort of on
the assumption and it was really the
manna for
indictment where I thought this is the
moment because I could start to see
people in my feed who I thought of as
smart skeptics who you know don't
totally dismiss the things but would
really rather talk about anything else I
started to see them kind of coming to
terms with like wow this is a pretty big
deal this man oh poor guy him and
there's there's just a lot of meat here
and and and I started to think and then
actually sort of after I touched it and
before I drafted it the paradise papers
came out and I was like okay this is
this is perfect this is what I need to
really make this piece work that that I
think if the left can wrap its head
around the idea that there is something
here and can accept that and that and
that the story has to be engaged with in
some way that it can't just be ignored
or dismissed it's not a story that
flatters the sensibilities of
neoliberals whether they're Democrats or
Republicans as much as you might think
as I as I say in the piece I think for a
lot of Danity said I think for a lot of
Democrats and people who like me were
enthusiastic about Hillary Clinton's
campaign you know the whole thing does
seem like a very excuse for why she lost
and a way to you know not take any
responsibility for any of her failings
as a candidate or to campaign failings
and and I think for you know never Trump
er is who I often joke or a population
of a few dozen people top and most at
most yeah but you know for the for the
prominent conservative pundits and
figures who you know who were all in on
George W Bush McCain and Romney and have
been vocal critics of Trump and gotten
nice it could completely undeserved
rehabilitation among liberals room for
for those key you know for them they'll
say well we were right about Rush all
along Romney said it was our number one
geopolitical enemy in 2012 and and we
need to get tough on them and what I
think both of those camps
really miss I mean in their self-serving
rhetoric is I I agree with the Glenn
Greenwald's of the world that we don't
need a new Cold War right that it's a
terrible idea that we don't need to arm
Ukraine which is a take I've written at
least twice that you know that we don't
need to ask late in Syria another take
I've written before any of this but that
you know there is a left read on Russia
if you take it seriously and it's not by
any means limited to Russia which is
that global neoliberalism which is you
know a reigning ideology for which the
US government is more responsible for
promoting that any anyone else over the
last 25 years or however long it's done
has created these kind of unaccountable
transnational flows of capital that is
you know looted legally or illegally
from the public and stored in you know
in offshore accounts and in complex
financial institutions and and that this
is a global problem and that it requires
a kind of left internationalist solution
one thing that I did in the piece that I
think works well is that I kind of
pulled out and I hope everyone will
forgive this Woody Allen reference I'm
not I know he's a terrible figure for
many reasons but I I did a sort of
Marshall McLuhan in Annie Hall type
thing here at the end where having made
all the arguments I wanted to make I
pull out Bernie Sanders himself who I
think already agrees with me on all of
this yeah and and because Bernie give a
very good foreign policy speech a few
months ago which included sections on
Russia in which he said and I'll just
give the quote I wrote in the piece here
inequality corruption oligarchy and
authoritarianism are inseparable around
the world we have witnessed the rise of
demagogues who once in power used their
positions to loot the state of its
resources
these kleptocrats like Putin and Russia
use divisiveness and abuse as a tool for
enriching themselves and those loyal to
them so to my mind this is the way we
need to start thinking of this Russia is
not our idealized conception of what the
Soviet Union should have been it's not a
left state at all it's also not you know
an enemy of all that is good and Noble
about the American Republic I entirely
reject the framing of we were fine and
then the nefarious Russians came and
messed us up
it is a corruptible Liberty that the US
had a significant hand in felled eggs in
the 1990s and has you know despite all
the belligerent rhetoric had had
functional relations with in a lot of
ways ever since mostly because of the
needs of the energy sector and and and
you know and and we've allowed Russia's
kleptocratic elite to store wealth in
this country and we've of course done
this with many other countries two
powerful ones and otherwise and it's
these relationships and you know which
you can see right in the Trump
administration with with Tillerson and
Liv what's-his-name
will really happen in the piece Wilbur
Ross come over ah thank you yeah yeah
you can you can see those relationships
right in the administration among many
other places so this is where I think
the left has something productive to say
and and it relates back to what you said
earlier about about how the cokes or
anyone else can abuse social media
platforms or just not accountable honey
in politics I mean I think we need a
sort of unified framework where we
understand that large corporations
wealthy domestic oligarchs and powerful
foreign intelligence states that are
basically you know corrupt oil companies
themselves all sort of have this
unprecedented ability to manipulate our
political process and and and and that
we should see all of those things as of
a piece yeah so I've never I'm certainly
not a Russia expert myself but I have
you know if you're just even just in
this business at all you have to deal
with Russia and I've in various ways and
what I've noticed in the line I say is
that Russia makes everybody stupid
because it brings out sort of you know I
mean in some ways a certain type of
right-wing kind of clown fascist sort of
authoritarian populist politics of a
Donald Trump or pop you cannon or really
the broader modern Republican Party to
be fair to them even before we got into
all this collusion they should like the
modern Russian state it's a Petro state
that exploits religious anxieties and
extreme social conservatism to prop up
upward financial regeneration and racism
and anti and in fact anti-semitism to
basically loot the public sector and and
fund you know a military-industrial
complex and it thrives essentially the
base of the economy is a Petro state
which fuels incredible levels of income
inequality degraded living standards and
then hyper wealth and then there's a
social policy which leverages racism
xenophobia and religion the Republican
Party should love Russia you know
Vladimir Putin that would be a
tremendous GOP candidate but then you
know you have a neoconservative desire
to have a resurgent Cold War and the
never-ending hunt for enemies and the
neverending hostility towards diplomacy
and smart international frameworks then
we have our kind of dumb-dumb Center who
doesn't want to take accountability for
anything they don't want any broader
conversation about capitalism about a
campaign strategy nothing it's just
Russia Russia Russia Russia and then we
have a small kind of you know tank II
left where you know and I love all their
stone in some ways but I mean just the
sort of comedy of watching Oliver Stone
who seems like I mean I guess the polite
way would say he seems really jet-lagged
or may be influenced by other things
walking around with you know Vladimir
Putin who is just like a you know
essentially just a gangster walking
around with him being like yeah man it
means pursue you're pretty concerned
about our
control right bro and this notion more
or less time for that or Jill Stein this
notion that Russia's like a paragon
advocate of international law and
stability when in reality and again this
is another dis is a both end we should
not escalate in Syria we have supported
terrorist groups in Syria and Assad
commits obscene war crimes and Russia is
playing an imperial human rights
violating role there as well these are
all simultaneously true and for some
reason every single grid on the
political map seems to graph their
delusions onto Russia as a place so it
becomes a an imagined territory than
just an actual yelling which is which is
actually not new it's been true since
probably at least late 19th century and
and throughout the 20s in fact my friend
Hannah case as you know she's read she
wrote a good piece about that some
months ago about the kind of mystical
qualities that are ascribed to Russia
but it I will say one nuance to that is
the Russians themselves I think have
often played into that themselves the
the government has and intellectuals of
all stripes in Russia you know have have
have always I mean it's not simply the
West orientalizing Russia there there
are old and complicated discourses in
Russia about what Russia represents in
the context of the West and the world
you know for all that the Western media
outlets and politicians like to paint
Putin as a Bond villain Putin likes to
paint himself as a Bond villain and he
enjoys that dynamic again it's not it's
not it's not entirely imposed on them
but anyway that's
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS have come back but not nearly as
much as we had before so if you can help
us out any little bit helps head over to
our patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
