I was moving my car in New York City you
got to do that when the street sweepers
come if you want to avoid paying for
parking which is a prohibitive in New
York and its environment environs I
should say and I got into the car I
listen to Sean Hannity Sean Hannity
starts to show up by saying and of
course the big news from this weekend is
the release of a letter by Lisa graves
and of course I thought as soon as I
heard the release of the public release
of a letter I thought it was going to be
dealing with the Kavanagh nomination but
instead it was with Donald Trump
basically releasing a tremendous amount
of information about the early stages I
guess there's reason why he can't access
and doesn't want to release the later
stages of the Russia investigation but
you write in the the Nation magazine
that this and other things constitute
Donald Trump actively obstructing judge
justice break it down for us it's not
very complicated and you know here's the
bottom line we're all for transparency I
mean I probably am more for transparency
than anybody you're going to be I'm
pretty willing to release an awful lot
of stuff but when a president of the
United States under the veil of
transparency say he just wants you just
wants to be open about stuff targets
specific information related to ongoing
investigations into people associated
with his campaign and his presidency an
investigation that an awful lot of
people believe will ultimately end up at
his doorstep when he does so with the
clear purpose of undermining that
investigation when he in fact
acknowledges that this is a case where
the President of the United States the
current president of the United States
is committing acts that the House
Judiciary Committee in 1974 specifically
in their most
broadly backed article of impeachment
against Richard Nixon said was that only
an impeachable act but an act for which
the president should be tried and on the
vote of the Senate removed from office
so I mean we've you have achieved the
standard by any reasonable measure and I
might add the back in 1974 that article
of impeachment was the one that more
Republicans back I mean that the
substantial number of Republicans not
all on the committee said well yeah this
is this is baseline stuff if the
president is telling the Department of
Justice what to do and meddling in their
investigations which is precisely what
Donald Trump has done that's impeachable
and so you know I don't think we should
only we have to parse it much beyond
that and remember that this is the
president United States early naming the
names of the investigators all of whom
are in in incredibly important positions
as regards these inquiries naming the
names of the people who he wants to not
just be exposed but whose notes whose
emails whose communications about a very
delicate investigation he once brought
out into the public why does he want
that except to benefit himself
politically and I know it seems naive
almost innocent but presidents of the
United States do not get to make orders
as regards law enforcement as regards
the rule of law in this country merely
for their political advantage what in
the context of Watergate the what what
did Nixon's attempt to or not even
attempt I guess his firing of Archibald
Cox and in the what is known as the the
Saturday night massacre I guess right
what
which was a a similar circumstance right
where they were basically looking for I
think
officials at the Justice Department and
you know these inquiries what did that
end up being part of the the impeachment
as well this what that was actively
discussed by the committee is led by
Peter Rodino and discussed by Democrats
and Republicans people who were Nixon
fans and frankly uh you know people some
people who were willing to defend the
president on a lot of the issues that
arose but one of the deepest concerns
was that Richard Nixon didn't fire
Archibald Cox right he fired people
trying to get to Archibald Cox you know
he he meddled with the upper levels of
the Department of Justice till he got
somebody in place who would do his
bidding I see okay
and that's see and see think about where
we're at right now here the present
United States uh angry has Hackett at
Jeff Sessions because Jeff Sessions has
it recused himself from Russia inquiry
um you're saying a pretty visceral stuff
about offer to people at the Department
of Justice and he asked yourself why is
he so angry why is he so impatient right
well might it have something to do with
the investigation which he repeatedly
refers to as a witch-hunt and attacks
you know kind of at every turn led by
robert muller who the president is not
in a position to fire but that that
upper-level people at the Department of
Justice potentially could running so the
parallels here are are great and they're
not things that we should underestimate
and we also should not underestimate
this manipulation of information this
effort to manipulate information the
fact of the matter is that one of the
great lines out of Watergate was
and we don't you don't necessarily
always get people for the crime you get
them for the cover-up
well the cover-up is the manipulation of
information it is the efforts to mangle
warp alter what we know and when we know
it and how we know it with the purpose
of benefiting in this case a President
of the United States who has a great
deal of power and I would suggest that
the abuses of power by Richard Nixon any
abuses of power by Donald Trump are not
exactly the same but are sufficiently
parallel that this is a moment at which
to pause and recognize as as has been
suggested not just by me but by
constitutional lawyers constitutional
law professors by savvy observers of
what's going on you know this is this is
classic impeachable stuff all right I
want to take a break at a moment when we
come back I want to talk about more
about Jeff Sessions in this context
because I mean on one hand the guy is
getting a certain amount of credit for
standing strong I guess and not and and
and not firing or I should say because
he recused himself and not I guess
presumably we read recusing himself or
unworked using himself I'm not exactly
sure what the expectation is or for not
resigning and but meanwhile of course
he's expending a lot of energy
essentially terrorizing immigrants in
this country as as what appears to be
some type of quid pro quo maybe with
Stephen Miller in the White House I mean
who knows we'll talk about that for a
moment but what I'm really interested in
getting at is that now that we've
established or that we have established
a historical establishment of a about as
analogous of a situation as you can get
when we look at at least the charges of
obstruction in the context of why Nixon
was impeached
the question then becomes does it matter
does it matter because this is a
completely political process and are
those people who are trying to avoid
impeachment playing that political game
better than the people who might
ultimately be seeking to impeach the
president we got to take a quick break
when we come back we'll return with John
Nichols from the Nation magazine okay we
get another eight minutes in this one so
John when we broke you had basically
broken down for us the the the broad
contours of some of the impeachment
I guess indictments really in some
respects of Richard Nixon that made into
the articles impeachment regarding his
obstruction of justice
he and certainly we have yet to see it
in the in the case of Jeff Sessions but
as you know Nixon fired those people who
had appointed Archibald Cox looking for
Cox to be fired I think it was
Richardson who decided to to leave I
think he had to go if you said no then
rucklehaus said no and then I think if
I'm right here they got to work right
and Bork was the one who ended up firing
Cox in what ultimately became known as
the Saturday at massacre those never
made those those moves never made it
into the articles of impeachment but
they were discussed and of course there
was no impeachment of Nixon they were
just contemplating them but certainly
what Trump is done and you made the case
that what Trump is done up to this point
has been blatant obstruction of justice
now it looks like Muller is going for a
full or Monty if you will but just based
upon that we could see articles of
impeachment but with that said and
people seem to forget this because they
asked where are the the you know the
Howard Baker's and the Republicans of
yesteryear well those Republicans
weren't in control of the Senate a and B
it's a very different Republican Party
than it was 40 years ago and see it
seems like Donald Trump has at the very
least his advisers have internalized the
fact that impeachment is a political
process and they have done everything
they could at this point in in including
creating these fictions around different
FBI agents and whatnot too muddy those
waters they are preparing for a
political campaign it seems to me and on
the other side you don't see one that's
right and I think you said a lot there
that is precisely correct let me add one
other thing he said the Republican
Party's not the same Republican party it
was in 1973 1974 the Democratic Party
it's also not the same party that it was
and one of the painful realities about
impeachment a subject I wrote a book on
and I've written a lot about over the
years is that the understanding of
impeachment was very badly worked by the
attempt of Brett Kavanaugh and some of
his associates to impeach Bill Clinton
or at least to investigate Bill Clinton
and in an inquiry that led to an
attempted impeachment well they did on
Jim right they just didn't convict him
in on it right yes exactly and and what
happened there is that they went after
Clinton initially on a host of mid-level
claims they ended up down with some
claims as regards they know sex that
we're frankly ridiculed right by the
vast majority of people and as such they
they diminished the impeachment process
there also though they created an
imagination that all impeachments are
going to be unpopular
that if you do this it's a third rail
it's a dangerous thing and you may lose
politically well here's where the
problem comes in history doesn't tell us
that what history tells us is that yeah
if you manipulate up an impeachment that
the people do not see is legitimate um
you know that that could hurt you a
little bit politically I'll just remind
you that Republicans did retain control
of the Congress and ultimately you know
they had they struggled for the Senate
back and forth but they didn't exactly
lose everything as a result of the 1998
impeachment but if you go back to 1974
and you look at that picture there was
not fully realized Nixon resigned and
yet if you look at that you say well
well the Democrats must have been
punished for creating that
constitutional crisis no hey they had a
landslide victory that brought in one of
the the most impassioned reform
congress's in in American history and
then two years later they got the
presidency of the United States and so
one of the council's that I give is that
you can't just think about this in
political terms sometimes you do have to
think about you know what is the right
thing to do how do you you know what
point do you have to step up and yeah
that's hard it's hard to get beyond
politics and it's harder today because
both the Democratic and the Republican
Party play what authors have referred to
as winner-take-all politics they're so
you know kind of in the thick of this
strategizing and everything that they
don't always rise to you know the
constitutional moment and um and so we
at this point are having a very stilted
discussion about impeachment I write
about it quite a bit you know other very
much wiser people than I write about it
and talk about it on some members of
Congress bring it up but it's we have to
be realistic here and say that a you
have a barrier obviously with Paul Ryan
and his Republican allies in a house
where impeachment originates
putting every barrier in front of it of
course but then you also have a lot of
Democrats who are incredibly cautious
about this because they're afraid it
will somehow as you suggest then if it
Trump the Trump will build up a
political head of steam off this and at
some point my counsel is that you have
to put the calculations aside that you
have to recognize that you have an
active obstruction of justice occurring
and it ought to be called out as such
and it ought to be it ought to be noted
and stated that that when a president is
engaged actively in the obstruction of
justice
there was a counter to that that was
created and that counter was created in
1787 when George Mason and other members
of that body that created our
Constitution in that summer in 1787
George nation's Mason said that no power
is more importance if you maintained in
the power of impeachment because it
answers the question shall any man be
above the law I'm paraphrasing here and
particularly should a man who makes the
laws or who who enforces the laws be
above the law and this is a critical
critical discussion that we the people
ought to be having John Nichols couldn't
agree with you more
and it's something I think that we're
gonna I think we have yet to see peak
obstruction I think we probably are
going to see more of this on the other
side of November's election but
appreciate your breaking this down for
us always fascinating to talk to you
John Nichols at the Nation magazine
thanks so much for your time today I
really appreciate it
