[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
joining us now is professor Mark life
he's a political scientist from Scotland
and he teaches at Brown University
professor of life we finally made this
happen thanks for being here not always
a pleasure so you are known for two
predictions Trump six months out brexit
three months out I predicted Trump would
all I always predict the trumpet win the
Republican primary I thought that
demographics might save Hillary Clinton
but I did think it would be closer then
a lot of people anticipated and that's
because I was listening to people like
you I guess give us the why of those two
predictions and the story because it's
not just you know you have a story that
this ties into yeah I mean the story is
you know the the bumper sticker version
is this has been 30 years in the making
yeah and the way that we can think about
things is there either or social
scientists called conjuncture all shifts
or structural shifts in other words
they're just random that happened
or this has been a long time coming and
in England anywhere soon and I subscribe
to the water version so what's the
structural shift so the matter in the
world that we've had since 1980 where
the big inflationary crisis of the 1970s
now why is inflation a crisis is a
crisis cause if you're an investor
you're a capitalist and well just say
this year I used this language about
freaks people like because it makes me
sound like a Marxist I'm just trying to
actually be terminologically accurate
right I know that you're not I mean I'm
sure you will be soon after this
conversation you'll never miss a single
show but we are a mark we are Marxists
around here so I don't know that's fine
environment of inflation you expect to
make 5% real in your investment and
inflation goes up to 7% you might as
well take your money round the back of
the house and bonnet and that was
basically what was happening in the
1970s also by the 1970s labor share of
national income had never been higher
and it was effectively costless to move
from job to job which meant the capital
lost the ability to discipline labor
hands
while labor strikes were up and all that
ice they were right across the world so
the response of all this was the
neoliberal Revolution which is Reagan
and Thatcher and politics and the whole
new classical macro and economics and
theories about credibility and central
bank's and the importance of inflation
control and we built a whole new world
we reconfigured both the software and
the hardware of capitalism we can want
to put it that way
but there was two bugs in the software
the first bug was when you financial
eyes everything when you let banks do
what they do because they've been locked
up in the New Deal regulatory box for
the previous thirty years then they have
a sin and the sin is called leverage so
they will continue to make wounds we
pass their assets security that the
amount of assets they've got a security
until basically they fall over and
that's what happened in the financial
crisis now we've heard people think
about this bear with me for a minute
it's been banks talking about assets
they're talking about what normal people
call liabilities they'll give you an
example I have a condo in Boston that's
my asset to the bank lots of liability
they're not landlords they're interested
in the mortgage that goes with that
which is a zero say and my liability now
the awesome to zero now one you realize
this when banks talk about having an
asset footprint of two hundred and fifty
billion dollars what they're saying is
they have made loans and debts on stuff
out there and they hope most of it will
come back and the more that they do this
the more loans they make they tend to do
this because interest rates are falling
and interest rates are falling through
the 1990s into the 2000s so they have to
make money on a decline in spread how do
you do that you pump up the volume
leverage and that was the financial
crisis the second thing is left on their
own without robust policies in terms of
taxes and distribution and these were
the targets of the neoliberal revolution
then capitalism generates massive
amounts of inequality and we've seen
this right across the world in the
countries that basically protected their
ability to produce public goods and
collect taxes your Germans your Swedes
etc have far lower levels of inequality
than we do now they still have populism
is to do with migration migration and
Europe and all that sort of stuff
working again do that but just coming
here right so basically you got leverage
in the banking system which everybody
has been using to borrow money to pay
for the middle class lifestyle that they
can no longer the four
why because their wages have been
stagnant since 1979 why is that because
inflation got squeezed out of the system
and all the returns went to capital
which is the inequality skew now in 2008
a whole system goes bond and the central
bank's steppin and basically bail out
the assets and incomes of the top 20% of
the income distribution everywhere
because when you bill at the banks
you're talking about the bar sets and
liabilities again and when you bill at
monk's you're bailing out the assets and
liabilities of the banks which is my
condo in Boston some other guys pension
some these portfolio of investments and
when you do that you Tod and private
they're in a public debt which is why
there's a big spike in public debt
through bill in the bunks and then you
get people like Ryan who Tom Rena go oh
my God look at that huge increase in
debt which is outrageous
we need to cut Social Security it's like
bulrushes you know Citibank why
are you cutting Social Security that
doesn't not anything to do with it but
it's a nice convenient not as so that
sets up a politics whereby you've got
people who have been living on borrowed
time borrowed credit and stagnant wages
for generation almost more than
generations sixty percent if not seventy
percent in the US income distribution
now along comes a guy called Trump and
Trump walks to places that the Democrat
mainstream Democrats won't even touch
because don't have proper lattes or
whatever right and these places and they
say hey you know these people that
comment every four years and say vote
for me hope vote for me change how's
that been working out for you cuz
they've done right you guys you
used to have manufacturing jobs the
companies are doing well they've done
better than ever but basically they're
all in China and that's why the only
thing that works in your town now is
Walmart because that's what happens when
they import it back to you so you can
buy it with your declining wages but
don't worry because we'll give you
credit cards that use obs interest rates
to make sure you can keep buying this
stuff until your family goes
increasingly bankrupt the minute you
have a healthcare emergency and that's
basically the story the barely on the
left and also to a certain extent Trump
on the right was telling and that
resonated with millions of people
because that's true so because of that
when you're living in this bubble and my
favorite example of the Democrat bubble
was when the Podesta emails got hacked
some the geo-located the names
of the places that they speak about or
one most frequently mentioned name and
the Democratic emails was Martha's
Vineyard and of course it's bad what was
the retail East East Hampton for the
Hamptons
oh yeah number three was I think it was
San Francisco and then after though it's
early New York Washington and anywhere
that people actually live in the blue
wall was like two standard deviations
out so basically like miles down the car
right so that's the imaginary so
basically people show up and say hey
we're back to full employment they're
not going to get number nobody lives in
an aggregate who care front um your
wages are stagnant why are you all
complaining or you're a bunch of
deplorable right you can just see this
beginning to snowball no my favorite one
for brags are on this is months before
it was going on couple one spot was
going on three months there was a rally
up in Sunderland and there Sunderland is
a place where there is a per turn in the
Northeast the main employer is Nissan
automotive and they make all these cars
like export it to Europe
so the entire British establishment
links arm and arm because of course
Europeanisation in globalization has
been very good for them the top 10% so
they all line up labor conservative
makes no difference you can't do this
where our future lies of the Europe so
they go this place this sales to
Europe make for Europe and you
think well come on on honestly these
guys all understand right and then this
guy stands up and says you realize of
course there'll be a huge loss of GDP if
we leave Europe and one of the guys who
makes the car shout so your GDP right
now from the point of view yeah yeah
exactly you immediately get it right ya
know to the people that I spoke to one
that come in like all that guy what a
 have you ever seen idiocracy
wouldn't be it right you're just like oh
my god you people literally do that guy
understands the distributional effects
of capitalism better than you did right
with all your advanced degrees because F
those GDP growth is gonna go into London
it's gonna go the people who already
have assets every contract he's signing
he's working longer hours he's getting
more squeezed he's getting monitored for
these pigs
right and you're like oh you have to
stay in this this is awesome well it
might be awesome for you but it's not
awesome for him and once you figure out
that this is the common story
particularly across the kind of
anglo-saxon developed world the European
story is slightly different because of
the neuralgia over migration in
particular but you've got basically
stagnant incomes life chances have been
shredded 20% of people have made off
with 80 percent of the returns within
not twenty percent twenty percent of the
20 percent have really made off with
sixty percent of everything
astonishing levels of inequality and
basically people are broke and they've
had enough and they don't believe of
what anyone's saying anymore so once you
tap into that as a thirty-year
structural story you kind of get why
where we are and you also get why Italy
the Italian election oh my god what a
surprise it was like really come on guys
I've been telling you this for two years
now this is the way things are this
isn't a new normal deal with it
the Democrats the mainstream Democrats
they're dead they don't even realize it
yet it's like the German Social
Democrats they're signing their own
death warrant by continuing to support
policies which is a vessel rated the
support and impoverished of supporters
and until they recognize that there's no
there's nothing left for them well
there's no question about that and I
think that the Democrats might perform
very well and in in the midterms I think
they will but I think that that's in if
you look even just take it to the 1990s
and I know people have heard me say this
before but this is just the truth the
only time Democrats have won in modern
politics certainly you know since
anybody in their 20s or 30s has been
voting age and 40s as well probably is
in two scenarios one is that Republicans
mess up so catastrophic aliy that the
 up is so overwhelming that they win
a seat in Congress or the Senate
which i think is about to happen in 18 I
think Democrats probably will take the
house or you have an individual
extraordinarily charismatic candidate
who is a generational political talent
and actually has incredibly modest
policy portfolios but has extraordinary
personal charisma Bill Clinton Barack
Obama that's how they win and they can
kind of win as individual brands but
that being said I mean looking at the
Social Democrats looking at the
Democratic Party and then maybe
potentially
this with some of these you know with
cereza which is obviously turned out to
be you know a failure maybe not because
of its own sort of fault but we could
get to that put Deimos in Spain it seems
to me they another thing that I really
like about your analysis is that you
also track an idea and a cultural
history which correlates with these
economic movements and it seems that on
the right and you know I won't lay this
all out for you tell me what you agree
and disagree with but it seems like on
the right in some ways not only is Trump
not new in many respects I think this
sort of like fusion particularly now
that he's governing of a kind of
basically
xenophobia and just sort of more of the
same kind of supply-side economics
that's actually very analogous to Reagan
because what Reagan and Thatcher there
was this social reactionary bring back
the good old days and then this hyper
liberalisation so they're reverting the
type the center-left parties are still
in something and I did an illicit
history on this for the show
Utley this Third Way bubble which you
have to accommodate an incredibly
specific historical set of circumstances
that they still have not evolved out of
absolutely correct I think that's right
there's a great book that's about to
come up with Harvard University Press by
a scholar called Stephanie Mudge she's a
sociologist mu D GE and it's a
comparison of all the major Social
Democratic parties and she makes the
following argument
across the cases and I think it works
beautifully is that when you get to the
1990s because of these structural
changes in the economy in part but also
because of kind of a generational shift
and the people who run these things and
also class fragmentation and stuff what
happens is you begin to tone to write
you get away from party intellectuals
and rabble rousers and community
organizers and you turn towards
pollsters tell me where the voters are
you don't try and make your own
constituency anymore you try and find
them like they're mushrooms buried in
the forest you then get rid of all your
kind of left Dickensian oriented
economists because they're not credible
with the economic establishment anymore
and you hire what she calls finance
oriented economist with the result you
basically end up with finance friendly
business school economics penis
close by left parties and then you turn
to strategists who tell you how to put
these two things together into winning
formulas so you have this floating
intellectual cast I mean if you will the
K Street Muppets that we all know and
love so much running the show for these
places to the point that basically you
end up with for example senator
Clinton's campaign well you know what's
the slogan we don't know what are the
policies well we totally do policies why
don't we have us 9% tax and a 2 percent
surcharge on incomes below 60
170-thousand thorn and what are you
talking about what's the vision here why
do we need vision we just need policies
and that's the incredible technocratic
apolitical morass that they've got
themselves into now there's two problems
with us and the first one I think that
Nassim Taleb has got the could corn or
DeMarko on beautifully and he's right in
his book skin in the game as is all
about this is the people who dispose all
this knowledge on her affects the world
it's kind of false you really don't know
what the hell you're doing and a candid
examination of everything from the
glittering success that was a rack to
what we thought about banks before the
crisis to the complete mess that we've
made of for example criminal justice in
this country the the evidence that
trickle-down never ever works but
nonetheless we keep doing it so we've
got a technocracy that shouts about its
technical expertise but if we were to do
an accounting of what they get right and
what they got wrong they'd be struck off
and a heart be if there were doctors so
a little one relatives Ino faith in them
so then and that sets up but the other
dynamic and maybe we'll get to two
potential solutions I mean there's a
kind of map that I see and obviously I
think it there has to be some type of
resurgent actual left but now if we're
pitting a battle and I think this brings
back into focus your predictions and why
you so clearly called brexit and Trump
if you basically have a battle between a
divorced insulated a political nerdy
condescending economically and
culturally elitist technocratic elite
and that's pitted against a you know
even if you look at Trump I mean it's
not a
and again I think people I'll use the
obvious caveat of course I loathe and to
test him and you know battle against him
in every way shape or form but even just
the personality I mean some people you
asked me one time they said why is it
that Hillary Clinton you know she gets
held accountable for every single
misstatement and lie that she tells me
well Trump is just like a sort of life
actory and nobody holds him accountable
I said because when Trump lies he's
being true to his essence so in it
bizarre way he's being real by being
this kind of disgusting lying figure
there it's not neurotic and so you have
the stylistic contrast where the
populist far-right is taking the kernels
of truth and pitting it against the
technocracy I mean the last example I'll
use I know you were on Tucker Carlson
and he gave you a very respectful
interview tucker carlson in my view you
know his con is a is promoting all sorts
of obscene social attitudes and policies
and racism and bigotry at the same time
it's very disturbing to me that you
could tune into his show over a fair
amount of the MSNBC lineup if we're
being blunt and get a much better sense
of what's happening in the middle of the
country economically yeah absolutely one
example from carlson right so he does
this he goes viral a couple of weeks ago
but basically how may not dying right
all this attention and women and gender
and make white men who are dying right
well again it's one of those things
where if you pass everything that he
says i mean you could say well that's
not quite right etc and yet ninety
percent of the guys in jail or men but
actually the vast majority at
african-american so that's really the
problem right what he's doing is he's
taking stuff that people feel is
viscerally true and packaged in a way
which really gels with their lived
experience because none of the
technocracy is dealing with people who
are let's say a recidivist criminals
none of them are homeless vets
none of them are recovering addicts
right and if you live in communities
where that's normal and you've got
somebody like carlson who's actually
putting that out there and saying you
know what this is the problem this is
where we should be of course it makes
sense to them and then if you turn
erroneous if you're just a big sexist
