a good perspective on the way you should
view history in the context of what
we're seeing now with Brett Kavanaugh
because there have been in this country
obviously more than two sort of
irreconcilable at least to this point
perspectives on how our democracy should
should work there have been other
perspectives in two major ones but and
which is not to say that there aren't
you know it's strongly a third or fourth
perhaps one being more democratic and
socialistic and the other being more
authoritarian and fistic but two major
forces that have run through our history
and they really in many respects there's
an ebb and flow to where they how strong
they are
in terms of identifying with their core
brand proposition as it were but they
have never gone away and I think when
you hear the conversation I had with
Carol Anderson about what voting rights
were like following the the Civil War
and following really reconstruction and
you're going to see some parallels
between one hundred and fifty years ago
and today one hundred thirty years ago I
guess and we're also going to enter an
era now with Cavanaugh where we're gonna
see some some things that are parallel
from the the first 25 years of the 2020s
century really I guess a 40 year period
maybe from 1890 to may 50 years
2:37 where which is known as the Lochner
era we have talked about it in this on
this program in various times you can go
back and listen some of the in Milhiser
conversations we've had but it was a
period when the supreme court regularly
struck down economic regulations in
addition to upholding a lot of laws that
disenfranchised voters so basically
attack the rights of minorities and of
poor people and enhance the rights of
corporations that is the sort of 101
version of what the Lochner era is and
we are about to enter a new Lochner era
the only upside that I can say to this
and it you know it's one of these things
where it's this is I don't even want to
say it's a silver lining around a cloud
try and stay positive in these
situations but there is no calculation
whatsoever where this isn't a massive
net negative not to mention Cavanaugh is
a guy who I think is is driven by the
most hyper partisan ideological find a
result and then reverse engineer how
you're going to argue to get there
type-a judge who's going in with a
apparently quite a chip on his shoulder
not to mention a series of lies that he
told to the committee I mean we just had
the day after the vote Chief Justice
John Roberts received more than a dozen
judicial misconduct complaints against
Brett Kavanaugh
which a judge on the US Court of Appeals
of the DC Circuit because Merrick
garland who is the Chief Justice of that
Court I don't think that's what they
call it but the head judge of that court
recused himself for obvious reasons and
handed over to Karen la Kraft Henderson
she dismissed some of the complaints
against Cavanaugh as being frivolous
others
she said warranted serious consideration
they were based upon lies that he told
during his hearings so the guy is
best-case-scenario
a proven liar and an obvious liar he
obviously it and beyond that you know
people make their own assessment here is
Susan Collins now look here's the deal
people were saying they know why is
Susan Collins getting so much grief
about this vote as opposed to say the
other 50 people mostly men who voted for
Susan cover for Cavanaugh why not Joe
Manchin
to start with joe Manchin's a Democrat
at least nominally he's a horrible
Democrat from a red state joe Manchin
if Susan Collins does not vote for Brett
Kavanaugh joe Manchin also does not vote
for Brett Kavanaugh that is the reality
there would have been no space for him
to do it he would have never been the
deciding vote it's still not helpful to
have him vote for Brett Kavanaugh it's
indicative of in many respects what a
corrupt guy he is but
that's the reality of the situation
there's a reason why they timed it all
the way they did there's a reason why
mansion waited for Collins to announce
before he announced because he had to
make sure that she was actually going to
do what she said she was going to do
when they were meeting all together and
they had a sense of where they were all
meeting and by all of them I mean flake
and Murkowski and mansion that's why
mansion announced after Collins because
that is how his his vote was contingent
upon her vote and the reason why Susan
Collins gets more grief than the rest of
the Republicans who voted for Kavanagh
is because she has branded herself in a
specific way as a protector of women's
rights even though she's a Republican
she has branded herself as a so-called
moderate and then she went on the floor
of the Senate and basically argued just
about everything you could without
bringing up pizza gate she is not a
moderate she may be slightly less
strident when she speaks but that's not
the point of being a moderate in the
Senate she votes with Trump consistently
and then she goes on CNN and tries to
sell this garbage do you still think it
is possible that he did it you just
don't have the proof to back that up I
do not believe that Brett Kavanaugh was
her sailin so I do believe that she was
assaulted I don't know by whom and I'm
not certain when but I do not believe
that he was the isn't so people watching
you hearing you say that you understand
that they'll think that you're saying
you don't believe her that that she I
know you say that she believes that that
he was but maybe she was wrong but if
she said that under oath and he said
that under oath you made a decision
he said is more valid than what she said
in this country we have a positive
positive per second okay she doesn't
want to answer that question because the
answer is obvious but also note that she
can't she can't just decide that Blasi
Ford was accurate in the fact that
something happened to her she doesn't
know who did it though she doesn't
believe her about who did it but what
she's also not saying is that I also
don't believe that she that she must
have made up or imagined mark judge
being there and she must have made up or
imagined the existence of PJ and her
close friend who was was there at the at
the party like how nuts the susan
collins have to believe that Blasi ford
is to say this i mean it's one thing to
say I'm going to have a completely
unreasonable standard in which to reject
this guy's application for the highest
court in the land for a lifetime
appointment it's one thing to say that
I'm going to have a standard that's
actually even higher than it would be in
a civil court this is in court but it
goes criminal standard civil standard if
you were going to sue for wrongful for
harm or something it would be there's a
lawsuit that she could file that
standard is not beyond a reasonable
doubt and this isn't even a civil court
proceeding
this isn't even a magistrate proceeding
this is a job interview this is we're
gonna sign off on you being hired for a
lifetime appointment but she makes up a
standard and then pretends this is how
Craven Susan Collins is continued
tree we have a presumption of innocence
and as a matter of fairness what I
decided to use as a standard was the
question of is it more likely than not
that Brett kavanah assaulted christine
ford and there was no corroborating
evidence that he did so each of the
posit well but there was corroborating
evidence and everybody knows it the fact
that Blasi Ford had told her therapists
seven years ago
six years ago that Cavanaugh had done it
was corroborating evidence the fact that
Plaza that Cavanaugh was a blackout
drunk and there was plenty of
corroborating evidence to the the idea
that he was lying about that like you
said the calendar with the names and
that I mean somehow Blasi Ford got it
down to almost the week that he was at a
party with those same people but she
doesn't have the ability to know who
assaulted her I mean this is absurd it's
absurd it's embarrassing that she
actually goes on television to try and
push this stuff but Susan Collins made a
decision the other day and Lindsey
Graham made this decision a couple of
weeks ago McCain is gone they have lost
the cover of their being some other sort
of like third way in the Republican
Party and their future lies in basically
becoming louie gohmert just a little bit
you know more polite and now I don't
know how much they've raised now that
will go to Susan Collins uh it's over
with three point five million dollars
you know they crashed the website within
I think within a half an hour of that
but this is indulgent disgusting speech
of hers this is why
Susan Collins deserves to be hit on this
it's not like she just made the vote and
walked away she is trying to sell it she
is her job her job and she will get paid
for it she will get paid in support like
we've never seen for Susan Collins from
the Republican Party her job was to go
out there and sell this to Republican
women and muddy the waters and be the
shill for the Republican Party that's
what her job is
you know it's Orrin Hatch's job to
dismiss the women with a wave and chuck
Grassley to say women are too busy to be
on the Judiciary Committee did you not
hear that yeah do we have it in the
sound list you should grab it to play
that later in the fun half chuck
Grassley overheard saying the reason why
there are no Republican women on the
Judiciary Committee is it's too much
work for them so this is where we are
and I mean you know you can the
importance of this midterm election is
obviously huge and there is still a path
to the Senate it is you know very
difficult very difficult but we are a
month away from the election I use Heidi
Heitkamp as just as an example the
people who are motivated to vote for a
Heidi Heitkamp by this process are going
to be just as motivated on November 8th
as they were yesterday the people who
were activated in defense of Brett
Kavanaugh and against the feminazis
who would in some way endanger a
potentially great man's opportunity to
become a great man they will not be as
motivated and so it's not just enough to
vote but go out and knock on some doors
tell your friends to vote vote early
taking the Senate is pretty crucial at
this point it's going to be much harder
because a lot of the reason why the
house is much easier at this point is
because those districts where there are
basically Republican women in the
suburbs who are probably gonna stay home
those tend to be the swing districts and
so those are the low-hanging fruits but
when you have red states I think there
are 10 states where you have Democratic
senators running or ten Democratic
senators running in red states much
harder so go out organize and the you
know the next step is going to be to
talk about reform of the Supreme Court
and I you know people are also talking
about reform of the Senate that's long
overdue you know we should say the
Senate originally I hope people know was
not elected by the people
in the state it was elected by the state
legislatures we were chosen essentially
right I mean there was an election but I
have a feeling it probably wasn't
terribly contested for those first
hundred years more or less do you think
statehood would be a good first step as
far as that goes for DC and Puerto Rico
without a doubt it's absurd it's absurd
but that's that is a step one in terms
of refer you know reformation of the
Senate
getting rid of the electoral college
more democratic reforms but I also think
that pushing for court packing I've
stayed this before in my opinion term
limits on the court will be more durable
but push for court packing by all means
because if that is a legitimate threat
on the table then a term limit is much
more likely and there should also be to
that end get a commitment from your
representatives to hold hearings on
Brett Kavanaugh whether he lied and
certainly Brett Kavanaugh should want
that to clear his name to get out from
under this cloud to show all of those
Clint Knights who ginned up all of these
claims against him that he didn't lie go
through the Mannie Miranda stuff when he
stole when he received stolen
information 12 years ago go through the
questions of his drinking go through the
documents that the Bush administration
has we're gonna see some of those
they're gonna be fired soon all this
should be revisited there's there is no
other path there is no other path folks
