[Music]
let's start with why Jeremy Corbyn is
very close to being the UK's next prime
minister Prime Minister committed to an
actual left agenda a Prime Minister
committed to reversing the global order
of exploitation and abuses across the
global South someone committed to
reversing lost arity and neoliberalism
and preserving the safety net and
expanding it in the UK and addressing
the inequality crisis and corporate
governance crisis globally and he did
something over the weekend he gave his
speech on brexit which was very smart
very shrewd he basically said call for a
soft brexit essentially and said that
the UK should remain inside the customs
union inside the eurozone which both
undercuts the Tories because they've
been committed under Teresa made
actually not stay inside the customs
union which is a very radical position
and an appeasement of the sort of far
right position on brexit and also
another byproduct of brexit is that it
undermines and threatens the Good Friday
Agreement which brought a uneasy and not
thorough but nonetheless actual peace to
Northern Ireland and part of that deal
involves open borders and freedom of
movement inside Ireland the Republic of
Ireland and Northern Ireland which is of
course still inside the United Kingdom
and the EU open borders policy helps
allow the viability of that agreement to
stand the brexit ears threatened that
because that border would be reclosed
and a hard brexit corbin addressed that
as well ultimately we need to destroy
the euro as a currency it's very
reactionary in its design and
antithetical to left policy but a hard
brexit is obviously harmful to the UK
and the strategy that the Tories want
coming out of it is to lower labour
standards and turn the UK into some type
of European financial Haven like
Singapore
with even greater inequality so Corbin
picked a shrewd positioning there and
all signs point to serious momentum for
Jeremy Corbyn and labor and how do we
know this as well we know this because
the smear merchants of the far-right
Torrey media in the UK are freaking out
and government ministers and Theresa
Mays government are using every tool and
tactic amount imaginable to smear
distort lie about conspiracy theories
and generally freaked out about Jeremy
Corbyn as premier and inside the last
couple of weeks in the UK there has been
a conspiracy theory that the right-wing
tabloid press and its recent make
government has ran with that Jeremy
Corbyn was a paid spy for the Czech
government in the 1980s the communist
government of the Czech Republic in the
1980s this has been thoroughly debunked
he met with a Czech ambassador and along
with many other European and American
politicians at the time in fact we have
a brief clip of Jeremy Corbyn explaining
the meeting which we'll play for a
second but the far-right press has been
running with this we're gonna play
Corbin's explanation of it and then we
have an incredible piece of footage from
the UK dealing with the fallout of this
tabloid smear but first here is Jeremy
Corbyn explaining his meetings with the
Czech diplomat in the 1980s well I met
him as did the number of other people
he was the
diplomat work in the Czech can see his
job was to talk about zone peace and de
Thompson at a time that God Chavez
president of the USSR there was a real
chance of deterrent developing of more
peace within Europe we spoke about those
matters and I told him what I thought
and he bizarrely discovered that I was
opposed to Margaret Thatcher in the Tory
government I think it wasn't it should
not have been a surprise to him you do
it but I had no knowledge of what
Margaret Thatcher ever had for breakfast
she never told me any regrets about
meeting him I met him as did many many
other members of parliament I also met a
lot of American diplomats during that
period I went to the u.s. embassy to
talk to them about what I thought was
their homily long strategy in Central
America if you're a serious member
apartment and serious about
International Affairs you meet people
you don't agree with most of them but
you have to meet them to understand what
their position is and try and put
forward your own view on peace justice
and human rights anyway okay this former
Czech spy who claims that Jeremy Corbyn
worked for him said that he told her
what Margaret Thatcher ate for breakfast
which would be truly unimaginable that a
far-left MP in Tory UK and Tory Britain
the 1980s would know it Margaret
Thatcher had for breakfast this is an
amazing piece of footage here which
really shows that both the lengths of
which the Tory establishment is going to
smear Corbin but also the extent to
which they're starting to own golden
themselves and this is a UK program Matt
what's the name of this presenter in
program
Andrew neo I have to look up the name of
the show this is Andrew Neil and I
believe this is question time but he is
has on a Tory MP guest and a
spokesperson for the Labour Party and he
is gonna tear in to this Tory about
tabloid covered
of the Czech spying fake story the
Defense Secretary says mr. Corbyn has
quote betrayed his country in what way
well the defense Secretary's chosen his
own words I mean the point for me about
this debacle no hat is that we believe
country well Jeremy Corbyn I think is a
grave danger to this country but that's
because I think that trade that that's
because of the the ideas in which he
believes and what that would mean for
our economy and our society lots of
ideas but you're a defense secretary our
defense secretary the defense secretary
of this government of our government has
said the leader of Her Majesty's
opposition has betrayed his country in
what way has he betrayed his country
that it really is a question for Gavin
Williamson that's not so you don't agree
with it well I'm not commenting on the
no I think he's betrayed the country I
think that Jeremy Corbyn is a grave
danger to our come that's the illogical
point that's a different of course you
do everybody in one party things the
other party is a grave danger
betrayal is an entirely different matter
that's a serious accusation I just point
out that a senior figure of the Czech
Republic
Defense Ministry says Sarkozy who is the
former Czech spy it's his real name is a
liar that's the exact word the director
of the Czech archives on security says
no file showed mr. Corbyn cooperating
with Czech intelligence the German
archivists say there are no Stasi files
on mr corbyn at all so I ask again in
what sense has mr. Corbyn betrayed this
country well and Roy I'm not going to
comment on that as you've suggested this
is an area where there's lots of
questions to answer we've got a free
press in this country the Free Press is
asking the questions they should be
answered yeah but you it's not just the
Free Press your fellow Tories are all
piling in as a result your security
Minister again the key word security
Minister he's compared mr. Corbyn to Kim
Philby Kim Philby was a traitor at the
time if he had been found guilty he
would have been hanged that's an
outrageous smear to say of the leader of
the Opposition well Andrew I'm not going
to allow you to draw me into potentially
labelling anybody and so I'm not going
to comment so you don't agree with that
either well I don't agree with the
defense minister
you don't agree the security minister
this is classic dead cat strategy isn't
it the government's on the ropes on a
whole range of issues from NHS crisis
children services are in crisis I've got
the government I've got the government
on the ropes and you've just interrupted
gender let me try and keep him on the
roll a Tory backbencher MP Ben Bradlee
he tweeted the mr. Corbyn had quote sold
British secrets to communist spies sold
British secrets to communist spies
so clearly without evidence that he had
then had to delete it well that is
really as a matter for Ben but what I
would say to you is that we we believe
in a free press in this country the
questions have been our nitrogens needs
to be answered
I'm asking and do you think that mr.
Corbin can be compared to Kim Philby do
you think that he is in any way betrayed
this country do you think he saw British
secrets do you think any of that I've
got no evidence for any of that and so I
won't like why do your colleagues well
that's a matter for their manager surely
the real scandal mr. Baker
isn't what mr. Corbin has supposedly
done or not done it's the outright lies
and disinformation that your fellow
Tories are spreading that's the real
scandal isn't it I'm not going to accuse
my colleagues of lies with this
information they will need to they will
need to defend what they've said I would
put it to you is clearly a lie on any
evidence so far available to us that mr.
Corbin sold British secrets to the
Communists agreed I've got no evidence
to make a judgement so only a lie what
the questions been asked the questions
should be answered but it's not for me
to sit here on your program inventing
evidence and reaching a conclusion
myself it's not something I'm willing to
you leave that to your Tory colleagues
that's perfect daily politics of the
Andrew Neil and that was Neil Baker the
brexit Minister for the Teresa make
government so this teaches us a lot hold
your ground
there will always be smears Bernie
Sanders if he runs again you're gonna
see all sorts of tax it's tactics like
this deployed against him and the demand
needs to be
that mainstream presenters people with
those platforms like the BBC or CNN or
whoever else this video needs to be
shared and constantly added and anchors
in general so that they can have some
model of what debunking this kind of
garbage looks like and also again the
democratic tendency to capitulate to try
to appease these people can never be
competitor to compete appease they only
need to be fought defeated with clarity
and purpose so more momentum for Corbin
and just really honestly the pleasure of
that sketch of that uh felt like a
sketch because it's something that I
would have script it seemed very dated a
it did see if they broke the news
exactly on a similar theme let's
actually get to the shot out here
oh man someone tweeted of me actually a
picture of Birdman and toni braxton it's
not it's just far out I'm gonna have to
do an illicit history on it the patrons
Lee Carter is a DSA member of the
Virginia State Senate and in this clip
that we're gonna play he is explaining
why public-private partnerships don't
work why tax rebates to the private
sector to incentivize behavior has not
worked and in fact it's continuing to
drive inequality and gentrification and
behind him an absolute idiot named Mark
kiemce who is also a Democratic state
senator and a former Verizon lobbyist is
gonna get on his iPad and flash a hammer
and sickle behind Lee Carter let's watch
this and if you're listening you can
actually listen to a very intelligent
assessment of why these kind of ppis
policies don't work to to go to a job
that pays $9 an hour and in my district
we've got entire low-income
neighborhoods where we're having to
fight the bulldozers because we've got
out of state money that's trying to come
in and buy up property that people are
living on right now and kicking them out
and you know it may make the locality
look richer on paper it'll look like
you've done something about poverty but
at the end of the day if this does what
what has happened in Northern Virginia
what will happen in South West and South
Side and the Eastern Shore and
particularly I think Petersburg is
particularly susceptible to this what
will happen is you won't have any poor
people in those localities anymore but
it won't be because you've helped the
poor people it's because you've moved
them to other localities so I actually
want to thank it is a double shout out
first to Lee Carter who's doing an
incredible job in the Virginia State
Senate who
was articulated perfectly why these sort
of private incentive structures are not
working in addressing poverty and
inequality in fact they might be
actually expanding those issues and
making them worse but also to this
complete immature jackass
toolbox in fact he is he's literally the
box that the tools come in Markheim for
flashing the hammer and sickle for
basically perfectly showing us the state
of modern politics inside the center to
the left in this country a former
Verizon lobbyist neoliberal jackass
flashing a hammer and sickle while a
Democratic Socialist explains poverty
and policy failings the perfect
distillation of neoliberalism and the
failure of modern democratic party
leadership and then Lee Carter for
explaining exactly why the policy
apparatus that fools and hacks and
jackasses like Mark Kane push for is
completely failing real people although
in fact working perfectly well for
companies like Verizon that that
fool lobbied for so dual shout-out
Markheim thanks for being you you should
be primary your political career should
be totally destroyed and your only role
in the history books should be as an
example of a catalyst of when Lee Carter
becomes elected governor of Virginia
will say like Warren things that
actually helped push this improbable
political journey along was when this
 did a hammer and sickle
behind Lee Carter while he was
explaining my public-private
partnerships and giving corporations and
sentence to deal with poverty issues
obviously don't work so double shout out
on this week's Michael Brooke show
