[Music]
and so all right let's let's get into
this a Bolton thing you know there is it
feels like the failure to account for
what a disaster the Iraq war was slash
is continues to haunt us minee ways you
know john bolton is back and just for
folks who don't know who john bolton is
tell us well john bolton has always been
a very very hard right hawk and he was
during the 90s he was a member of a sort
of a cabal that formed around the iraq
war and he had some ideas that sort of
came out of the right during that period
yeah you know what we called neo concept
that at the time and although it did
have a sort of that cabal was more than
just neo cons that was sort of the ideas
that came out of it during the 90s were
about this idea of what they would call
benevolent hegemony you know that it
would be the PAC's americana that
americans would would rule the world in
in benevolent fashion bring democracy
and freedom and you know we'd all sing
Kumbaya
this is I have the worst project for a
new American Century that's right you
know yeah the manifesto that sort of
would undergirded the gargy argument
that led that they that they raised to
lead us into the Iraq war after 9/11
which they had been waiting for an
opportunity and in the manifesto they
actually said you know we need a new
Pearl Harbor they got one we all know
the what happened then now john bolton
even among that crowd was considered to
be out there I mean he was even a fringe
member of that particular group and and
largely because his view and you know
we've talked with you know we can talk a
little bit
about this but his you know he just to
give the the history he came in and they
put him in the State Department sort of
his dick cheney's mole in the State
Department and he sort of was there to
keep an eye on : powell that was his his
role and when richard armitage and
powell left Richard Armitage was
Powell's assistant and they both were
sort of leaving under under a certain
amount of duress after the first term
Bolton was supposed to be raised up to
Assistant Secretary of State and that
didn't happen it really he that everyone
objected and didn't so they nominated
him to be the UN Ambassador and they
couldn't get two votes even I mean the
Republicans you know bunch of them
wouldn't even vote for him that's how
far out he was and think this is 2005
the Republicans were out of their minds
right I mean you know John Bolton was
too much for them and but Bush put him
into the UN anyway in a recess
appointment and he made a complete fool
of himself they hated him there everyone
hated him there condi rice was having to
call up every chief to the Secretary of
State at in the second term had to call
up and and you know constantly sort of
you know tamp down whatever kind of
problems he was causing any un he is in
short a nut he is he is a far-right nut
let me just put it this way I don't know
people who are listening probably
remember Atlas Shrugged Pamela Geller
there's probably a lot of people who
know who she is she is a far-right
Islamophobe dangerous and violent she
ran the Ground Zero mosque campaign she
write the one who funded the draw
cartoon about Mohammed you know event
she is a lunatic she's a she is now like
she's considered such a lunatic in fact
that are Brendon our producer Dan
abstention of these days was talking
about how was telling us about the story
about how her kids have tried to hide
their identity have had to try and died
to get out from under
being her daughter that's how I mean
it's sad and they sort of renounced
their teenage years where they were also
Islamophobic and then they went off to
college and realized oh my god something
to that effect but she is a lunatic so I
just want to set that up as you talk
about Bolton's relationship with her
well they're very close put that way
lunatic he loved her book he blurbed a
book or her book he has appeared in fact
if you go to youtube you can see the
interviews between Pam Geller and John
Bolton in fact you know I mean I don't
mean to spread rumors or anything but
there are rumors that they were actually
you know close if you know what I mean
reparations are to be paid yes yes so I
mean this is that that is the kind of
you know that is the the the fringe side
that John Bolton exists on now you know
it's true he was in government back in
the in the 2000s in the Bush
administration he did have some you know
quasi credibility as some sort of a
government bureaucrat but the truth is
that he is a fringe dweller just you
know not that far in maybe a couple of
degrees out of you know Alex Jones I
mean that's how bad he is and as an it
the idea that he is going to be the
national security adviser is you know
there's a reason why people are even
people who aren't normally you know the
sort of panic artist types are going oh
my god now you know getting back to what
we were talking about you know what I
mentioned earlier the his his
association with neo cause the truth is
is that the neo cons had varying degrees
of neoconservatism this idea of you know
let's all sing Kumbaya and bring
democracy at the point of a gun and
we're going to run things
Boulton is a much more straightforward
neocon doesn't really matter I mean
these definitions are irrelevant to the
fact that it's all about you know
American dominance war and you know do
whatever kind of gloss you want to put
on it we're spreading democracy or we're
just going to take the resources it
doesn't really matter because it's all
adds up to the same thing exactly in
Bolton yeah but in bones case he is he
he is much more straightforward you know
about what he believes and he believed
he believes there should be no
international law that the United States
is a law unto itself he has said this
that there is out there's only one law
and the law is what's good for the
United States and the rest of the world
has to abide by that law he believed
that the United Nations shouldn't exist
even though he became the ambassador to
the United Nations which was always kind
of a you know you've got to be kidding
and you know this that this guy is very
very much I mean as far as I can tell
what he really is just a straight-up
old-fashioned imperialist just you know
we're gonna take over we're gonna
dominate
and in that respect he is very much like
Donald Trump they are national security
soul mates and you know going back to
the American carnage speech and Donald
Trump's campaign when everybody was
saying oh he wants to withdraw from the
world and everything and you know
America first I felt that people were
being confused about him they didn't
understand what he really was and that
is when he says America's America first
he means we're number one that's what
Donald Trump means by that phrase he
doesn't he's not talking about you know
didn't for the domestic needs before
Howard Taft and you know let's withdraw
behind our borders yes he wants to build
walls but if not but that's you know
just to keep out the foreigners that the
idea there's a reason he wants to expand
the military to the point you know to on
a level that we haven't seen since the
height of the Cold War and maybe beyond
and that is where he and Bolton are on
the same page and what's scary is is
that we have two crises on the horizon
very very serious one of course is North
Korea the other is Iran if Trump decides
to tear up the Iran deal which the the
the hiring of Bolton's is an absolutely
clear signal they're going to do that so
let you know when you look at all right
so I want to just just just pause there
for a second and we should talk about
the implications of what would happen
with the Iran deal but
just want also reiterate this point
about about John Bolton in the past
about three weeks ago he wrote a piece
basically describing how we could win a
war with North Korea and maybe it was a
year ago he said the way to stop Iran
maybe it was maybe those two years ago
he and I'm not said said he literally
wrote an op-ed piece in The Times the
other one was in the why the Wall Street
Journal if I remember he in The Times
the the piece was entitled something
like the way to stop Iran from getting a
bomb is to a bomb Iran I mean so this is
a guy who is again diplomacy and and we
should also say is at a time like do i I
should at the the National the his
position is basically in charge of of
absorbing all of the government's ideas
essentially all of the national security
as apparatus ideas and giving them as
options to the president so he has the
ability of saying like here are the
options you can bomb them or you can
invade them and bomb them I mean that's
basically what what what is the concern
here and the other concern is there's no
there's no mitigating factors there's no
there's no there's a gutted State
Department there are no people around
you know Donald Trump to say hey you
know actually that may not be the best
idea there might be some other ideas
there's no other there's no other
there's no other like funnel of ideas
short of and I'm not saying this
facetiously Sean Hannity well I was just
gonna add that that that that is the
that is where Trump is getting his
advice me for instance and I don't want
to digress into the details here at the
moment but you know just this morning
he's now threatening to veto the
spending bill
which he did White House it agreed to
the Republicans have passed yeah they've
got their spending bill he's now going
to be to it and the reason is because he
was watching Laura Ingraham and she was
saying there wasn't enough money for the
wall and so he's mad and you know so
that is that is the the other you know
he's going to have john bolton and he's
going to have sean hannity and laura
ingram and tucker carlson
and whatever the the fox and friends
bozos are those are the people that he
listens to now there's nobody else I
mean and I mean that literally
there just isn't anybody I mean I guess
matters over at the Pentagon who knows
what what he's going to do he's lost his
allies now in I guess Kelly is sort of
one of his allies opposes Leahy right
but I mean well I don't Kelly doesn't
seem to Kelly seems to be completely I
mean aside from being a horrible person
at his core to the extent that he was
exercising any discipline on Trump that
seems to be over I mean you had said you
had said to me I think two or three
weeks ago that you had felt that the two
or three weeks prior that Trump was
really behaving in a way that suggested
that he was starting to feel his oats
like he started to realize like he
controls this place and he doesn't need
to kowtow or to listen to anybody and
since that time he has gotten rid of his
his his top lawyer and the Russian thing
he's gotten rid of Tillerson he has now
gotten rid of McMaster and replaced them
with complete cronies I mean total total
yes men and it's clearly that's going on
oh I don't yeah I no longer think
there's any doubt I got a feeling about
that maybe a month ago that I'm going
okay something shifted and it had to do
with the idea that he was suddenly he'd
either just decided that that you know
things weren't going well and he just
was deciding that you know well I'm I'm
the one who has to take charge here
because none of these people know what
they're talking about obviously or he's
starting to get panicked about the
Muller investigation and decided that
you know he needed to you know do some
dramatic things in order to try and
change the trajectory
in some way and maybe set up the idea
that he was going to fire Muller
in any case doesn't matter because he is
doing this I mean it's pretty clear he's
just he's just basically taking a
wrecking ball to his entire
administration
you know Tillerson was the other one I
mean he's just you know he's just
letting them all go and basically you
know encouraging anybody who wants to go
to walk out to walk out and he's
replacing them with you know people who
sees on TV that's essentially the the
sort of you know the whatever
headhunting he's doing he's doing it
when he's watching TV and eating his
cheeseburgers in bed and by the way
there was a report yesterday that he was
actually thinking of eliminating the job
of chief of staff altogether and running
it like he ran running the White House
like he ran the Trump Organization which
you know I mean I think everybody needs
to remember that was a tiny little you
know family boutique company that he
inherited from his father it's not the
United States of America nice government
but he thinks that he can do that and he
doesn't want anybody telling him what to
do so you know he has he's letting go
he's unrestrained he's doing what he
wants and what he wants to do is please
the Fox News people that seems obvious
to me that is who he is
there was something that really stuck I
mean I this is going to seem so sort of
narrow and and myopic but on I guess it
was just two days ago Trump had a tweet
that was when he was talking about
calling Putin and you know people wanted
him he he wrote something like people
wanted me to excoriate him and I'll tell
you why they stuck out with me there is
one person that I have heard used the
word excoriate over and over and over
again for the past three or four years
and it is Sean Hannity and I don't think
that Donald Trump has ever used that
word before very few people use it but
if you listen to Sean Hannity even half
as much as I do and God forgive us all
that word in
that's what just it spooked me like I
I'm not convinced that Sean Hannity
isn't writing some of his tweets for him
like came I think I mean
