[Music]
there's a lot of people who feel like
the the GRU indictments were the
predicate for another round now I've
heard two different things I've heard 60
days and I've heard 90 days in terms of
the window where DOJ policy is you're
not supposed to talk about an
investigation that could impact an
election and I got a double check on
this yeah I have a buddy who was
involved in public corruption cases at
one point and and he would know but
manna forts trial starts next week
90 days as far as I can tell is more or
less to August first 60 days is
September first right September October
more or less yeah and the I I guess the
the question is like what what do you
think the next three or four months are
gonna be like and how does this play
with and I guess you know the NRA stuff
is also in play right RT you know and
and I will say you know we had Marcy
wheeler on she has the story I'm sure
you're aware oh yeah how she had to turn
in a source yeah and she's convinced
that there's more stuff coming and that
it's bigger and that it implicates Trump
directly and the only thing I would I
would also point out that we should know
about this indictment is the specific
yeah of how they knew and what they knew
also to me feels like a red flag oh yeah
right I mean this has the same sort of
feel as the Cohen tape yeah like dude we
didn't want to do this but we're telling
you and we're telling everybody and
we're blowing the cover of some people
yeah and that's that type of stuff seems
to be what Marcy wheeler is upset about
yeah that that there have been assets in
individuals who are in mortal danger or
have been because of what has been
revealed through this stuff
yeah and the White House and the FBI you
know having to give up sources to the
White House and to Republicans yes yeah
exactly yeah
and the only other thing I would say I
would add to the mix and it's arty I
don't know why they would be reporting
this but supposedly Julian Assange may
be leaving London soon Ecuador is almost
certainly gonna and I mean that that
also has a lot to do with what's
happening in Ecuador it's like the you
know this guy Correa has a hand-picked
vice-president you know successor who's
significantly more to the right than
Korea and also is trying to put Correa
in jail they just did an Interpol notice
on Korea and accused him of being
involved in a kidnapping scheme so I'm
sure it's connected but this has a lot
to do with what they're trying to do it
might not be part although you know hoon
is all coded yeah so so well I mean it's
been it will it would have been
impossible to predict the last you know
three months so it's really hard I mean
I definitely believe there's more coming
and I think you get the impression that
what they've been what they've gone
public with so far primarily what the
Russians is like a prelude to going
after the Americans and I think the NRA
thing in particular is evidence of
plenty of material not even just
directly applique ting trumpeting this
sort of entire conservative movement
what do you guys think of that that was
kind of like what Mark Blythe floated to
me and he's granted he's self-admittedly
like not an expert in this but he has
talked to people involved who he's like
you know I've talked to people now were
somewhat directly involved in this and
he's like that's another thing is that
this investigation could basically turn
and that's the David Kleon piece
essentially that especially when you got
rid of citizens united you have these
like lobbying / PR / spying shops with
unlimited amounts of money coming from
Russia Dubai Saudi Arabia Israel and it
could like implicate almost the entire
modern political class on some level if
you really start following the stuff out
and that's something that scares them in
the investigation well that's the thing
that I think has been you know that has
always occurred to me that like just
replace Russia with
like yeah Boeing okay you know we're
like replace russia with like and get
away any and i would it would be just as
disturbing um I mean I I find it very
far-fetched that we would get into World
War three with Russia yeah and I guess
the III I'm not as concerned about that
as worried are they are we maligning
them maybe you know somewhat unwell
that's actually that's yeah I do i that
actually is one of the sort of left-wing
lines among the skeptics this hyper
skeptical xenophobia but not just a
xenophobia but the idea that like well
you know like well what do you want you
want World War three like you want you
but it's like they're what I would like
is is to like for for someone to take
down the International kleptocracy I
don't I don't want missiles launching
but I would like to see this like
endless free-flowing dirty money like
not be free-flowing like a way of saying
or how about we will de-escalate
mutually deal with the kleptocracy
issues and if you want to deal with the
military stuff say like you obviously I
mean International was dead but like you
need some you need some type of
international conventions to govern
cyber warfare obviously because it's
completely unchecked and everybody's
doing it to each other all the time we
did it to Iran and unleashed a major
computer virus across like that could be
something that comes out of it how about
we mutually agree to not hack each
other's elections and steal each other's
intellectual property and all that like
that's net was I mean I'm not I'm not I
was out that apology yeah yeah it was
I guess that is like more like it's sort
of a man it's still elite I mean no no a
quarter implicates a process it's a
difference a slightly different kind of
thing like though by that logic if we're
gonna say that's I mean because I'm not
I'm not gentle you're not but I'm just
saying Iran is says their program is for
energy and it's never
and proven otherwise right and if you
start getting into giggling with
people's right and then it'd be exactly
then yeah exactly power grid is like
sort of like another sort of element of
this a but it is you know I don't think
look we you know they can't even muster
what they need to attack Iran
never mind so you know selling to the
American public like we're prepared to
lose a major city or two yeah with this
thing people just not knowing like even
at the most tense times like there's
still communication between Russia in
the United States in Syria like hey
we're both fighting a proxy war here and
bombing the hell out of this doing it
they're on the phone with each other we
don't escalate this that's how they do
yeah it's actually another lesson in
international khakhra see so I'm not an
expert on the Russia story but I do
spend a lot of time on Twitter feels
like the beginning of an ad which
basically makes me an expert
no it's seem the people on both sides of
this issue are very overly focused in on
Russia to the exclusion of more
important things that we're just talking
about like there's people on the Left
who see Russia is this like
anti-colonialist freedom fighter like
checking us power giving us a taste and
there are people I would say in the
center who are conflating Russia with
the former with the Soviet Union and
they're saying all kinds of like crazy
anti-communist things when Putin is a
capitalist and they just it's it's a
mess on both sides people I mean I
haven't seen like the in like obeah I
haven't seen like the the the claims
that it's that it's communism oh i
overborne the overblown notion of of the
threat that russia as opposed to these
actions yeah you know
mean for the United States like I say if
Boeing was doing this it would be just
as disturbing and they probably are and
they would probably do it better yeah I
think they probably would yeah
there's also this bizarre like anti
Slavic strain I've been seeing where
people criticize like Russian culture
and things they have nothing to
do with it okay would they be doing that
if it were Boeing let's get back to your
prime have you heard their pop it was on
Twitter right it's on Twitter like this
is their hive mind well but this is I
don't even know if it's the hive I mean
I think it's like it is Twitter is you
know sort of the the margins of
everything on some level I mean Russians
aren't called and brutish people I will
say this which I think sort of plays
into this is that there is sort of a
quality to this scandal as opposed to it
being Boeing or whatever and I I don't
know I just using the word Boeing ge the
Cobra whatever exactly that does have a
feeling of like the emails that you get
that are written in English that you
know are not written by a native speaker
like there is like a couple of things
like literally in terms of like the
stuff on Twitter but even the
calculations you know seem to be a
little bit like there's just a couple of
things they're just like slightly off
like they can't quite get what we'll
play and won't play oh yeah in this case
you know I'm saying yeah and that's why
they need it that's so this is like boy
funneling their money through the NRA is
a great that's a great investment for
them like it's it's so crazy it might
just what yeah it's perfect like that
what is more American you know from from
like the outside like you asked
Europeans like what is America cowboy
hat guy they might have tried the
McDonald's Corporation first like that
might have first gone to them Russian
intelligence unit and one guys just like
Nate Silver says is looking very bad for
us
victory goes through dissatisfaction in
Midwest a bomb actually gets out like
that catch that what is one peculiar
aspect of this which was the degree to
which elements in our society welcomed
it because it wouldn't it wouldn't have
worked if it wasn't turbocharging
already existing strains in our politics
without a doubt barber from Connecticut
okay so yesterday we played I mean you
talk about like the susceptibility to
this that the Russians could think like
and I don't think they came up with the
idea of the NRA but she was courting
this Republican adviser who knows what
courting constitutes and and essentially
he they you can see some of the outlines
of how they came to the NRA and and who
knows if the Russians were like wow this
stuff is or you know I mean probably not
because I think you know the idea of
like corruption is not something
otherwise yeah but I mean I think from
like the the fairy tale notion that mean
a lot of people out there I think if it
ever comes out that the NRA was this
corrupt yeah I think are gonna be sort
of surprised yes now I I wouldn't be a
me it just seems like a completely
corrupt premise oh yeah of that
organization but the idea that there are
these the susceptibility we played a
clip yesterday from a c-span show but
used a a Tuesday should we play it again
sure let's play it again so on Tuesday I
played this clip in Newington
Connecticut line for Independence Mary
Lou good morning good morning I'll try
not to sound too awful but I want to
thank the Russians for interfering with
our election stop Hillary Clinton coming
and cut on marine who's got his hand
his head in his hand he's just like
embarrassed for every woman is God the
illusions of grandeur and so hasn't her
husband that man the whole time he was
in the White House was just fooling
around sexually with Monica Lewinsky he
is an accused rapist he has never denied
it and his wife never did anything to
stop him from doing that
Mary Lou let me ask you do you think do
you think Russian interference was the
reason that President Trump won in 2016
yes because the Russians interfered I
mean what would we do with Hillary in
that way she doesn't know what she was
doing what a mess she made of Benghazi
what she did with those emails to put a
server in her living room or whatever
okay first off to two things one is that
guy yeah that guy the host yeah that guy
he should get a man he should use like a
poker face one we should also say that
like the one thing that we did learn in
this indictment is that the only thing
that was secure was the only thing that
was secure whether it was the State
Department emails whether it was anyway
the only thing that was secure was that
serve the private meet her living room
or basement or bathroom well it was
that's the only thing that was secure
yeah okay so after we played that video
we're like this is what's gonna this is
we're watching that's the next it is
it's the next one it's the next day I
give you the next step
Jacob wall who's this dude he's he's a
yeah he's a mag a blue check and if
Russia assists Magga candidates on the
Internet in this year's midterms that's
not the end of the world beautiful yeah
it's really it's not exactly co-signing
it's almost like a lawyer looked at it
first you know Cassandra Fairbanks were
responding to McKay Coppins if Trump and
company just pivoted to aren't you glad
Russia helped us to defeat Hillary
Clinton would there be any serious
blowback from the base Cassandra
Fairbanks answer's no I mean it I'd be
cool with it I'm already there if Russia
was involved we should thank them
Kirk Bridgers speaking as a trump voter
Hillary is a great earth well could you
imagine if like the left side we're
doing that like if Bernie were like
Venezuela was involved we should think I
don't know perhaps Venezuela did hack
their emails perhaps they can find more
perhaps they could get the work but you
know nobody talks about the private
meeting we had why would I listen to the
CFO rhasta don't work phone I mean is
what's going to happen right I mean
they're gonna ride this you know I was
on on a show yesterday with bob
torricelli right having the end humor in
New Jersey senator yes all right and he
was like Mitch McConnell needs to go to
Donald Trump and say you need to have
national security people in this meeting
with you and and Putin did you say baby
otherwise take bribes otherwise you know
otherwise you know history is going to
judge you and missing that and he was
getting very passionate he and you have
to believe it like I heard him in the
green room and he was just like you know
that's really I mean you really believe
he really believes it and then of course
I was like well we already know how
history's gonna judge McConnell he
bragged was yeah in the summer of 2016
when he first heard about this stuff
that if it was brought up he was going
to punish everybody politically yeah and
this is not gonna happen
Mitch McConnell's gonna ride this out
this NRA thing I know people with saying
like oh the Republicans are covering up
there may be a couple that know right
there may be a couple but they're all
gonna be able to say like I was getting
money from the NRA I had no idea what
was going on right honey yeah it was
coming from the end all right
may go down which would be yeah beyond I
mean just beyond all of it right like I
mean I mean just the one thing that
basically brings us sensible gun control
is the Russian criminal prosecution
right like when do I call in - if the
Russians are gonna bring down I say
[Laughter]
because now my kids can go to school
don't worry about being shot up by a
semi-automatic Russian if you're
listening keep giving if you're
listening some of us might find it very
helpful there are a lot of weird
mid-level operatives that could be
bribed by sex with even the most
mediocre looking of your spies continue
doing what you're doing alright
