so dave rubin proves to joe rogan that
all of his economic theories and his
small lean government philosophies are
just literally mumbo-jumbo not even not
even jingoistic because he hasn't even
taken the time to learn the jingoes now
he's going to move into the cultural
realm where he's far more comfortable
he's a comedian he he's a social critic
and and you know he's a social critic
cuz he's wearing a black t-shirt now
yeah and and so here he is going to
explain to Joe Rogan the dynamic of
racism in this country and and here's
the thing is he when you talk about what
I guess you know identity politics is
about and and yes different people use
different definitions the one thing that
I've never heard anybody say is that
identity politics on the left or the
right is about knowing what the other
person is thinking right like like it's
not like I can divine what someone else
is thinking you never read Kwame Torres
book knowing what someone else is
thinking the roots of radical identity
politics in a racist America it's not
about knowing it's it's about there are
structural issues that exist in society
that based upon certain elements of your
identity will increase the likelihood
that your experience will differ from
others in this way right as you pass
through society your lived experience
broadly speaking not every single same
thing happens to every single person but
broadly speaking you will experience
things that are different and
and not necessarily even totally unique
but more common amongst a group that you
share certain characteristics with he
doesn't even understand that part of
what he's bullshitting about which is
like like I say I mean the greatest
argument as to why people without
government regulation will do a subpar
job at even their job but here he is
explaining to Joe Rogan about racism a
little bit like a little lie I think
nobody would even picked up on it we
don't think that's what they do I think
they're just misrepresenting I don't
think they're saying the apps the
opposite of the truth they just they
just look they're finding these little
categories like homophobia transphobia
homophobe
did Reubens talking about his tour with
Jordan Peterson and he's now going to
make the argument go backwards just a
little bit that Jordan Peterson can't be
in any way homophobic because he works
in close proximity on this tour with a
gay guy being Dave Rubin I don't know if
I should say this before or after Dave
Rubin says this but he is making the
argument that could apply to like you
could hear from someone maybe I don't
know a couple hundred years ago like I
have Negroes in my home I have Negroes
in my home taking care of my children
you tell me I have a prop I give them
free boarding free food in return for a
little bit of work I took I thought the
FBI was homophobic until I heard some
rumors about Jake but but here's Dave
Rubin making that argument not that his
ideas are promoting homophobia not that
his the the perspective he has on a
transgender of folk are transgender
phobic but that like his close proximity
to me is proof look if you give me an
opportunity to hang out with some
bubble-headed gay guy makes stupid money
hand-over-fist I'll do it I'm a
pragmatist they're finding these
categories like homophobia transphobia
homophobe he's on tour with the gay guy
he's a trans folk there are trans people
that show up there night and I discussed
it with him every freaking night I
asking to be doing so I basically do
like 15 minutes of stand-up up top he
does an hour and a half and then we do a
QA together and we bring out all of
these things and every night to clear it
up and sometimes I'll have people bust
out their phones and I'll be like why
don't you guys record this tonight let's
get it out on Twitter where he takes
down the all right because he hates the
identity politics of the right as much
as the identity politics of the left I
mean I don't know I think the reason we
all focus on the thing of the left is
because it has encompassed culture and
media and politics and what you're
allowed to say and and universities and
all that so it makes more sense to focus
on that the little sliver of it that's
on the right pause like track where he
is in this conversation the little
sliver of identity politics on the right
is governing the country now it is well
it's not just governing in the country
now it has been the governing principle
of this country since its founding since
before it was a country right I mean I
assume he's talking about white people
right I mean cuz it's like I don't we're
you know we're I think he's talking
about white people here and to say that
identity politics for white people has
not been the governing principle of this
country is just absurd we have we have
example after example after example
after example I mean ad nauseam on both
societal and governmental and
institutional I think there's a lot of
white identity politic right but let's I
just wanted to just like put a marker to
get a sense of where we are because he's
talked a bunch of mumbo-jumbo but the
real problem is the all the identity
politics on the left which is apparently
just you can see it because what it
involves is critiques of Dave Rubin on
his Twitter
but it's and all that so it makes more
sense to focus on that but little sliver
of it that's on the right yeah it's
shitty it's horrible you should not look
at your skin color as some great thing
that makes you better or but it's not a
right thing is racism always a right
thing though racists right no I think
the left is far more racist than the
right at real moment yeah why do you
think that because identity politics is
based in racism you happen to be white I
know nothing about you by the color of
your skin I know about Joe Rogan because
I watched the show a closet I could tell
you a couple of things about that guy
who happens to be white I can tell you
that he doesn't randomly get stopped in
his car with any type of regularity as
he drives through LA I I know that I
don't mean I've never asked Joe Rogan
that question I haven't talked to Joe
Rogan but I know that and I know there's
a huge amount of black people who
whether in a similar economic class to
Joe Rogan who in fact get stopped in
fact they're being part of that class
and driving a certain car is the reason
why they get stopped I know that Joe
Rogan has never never once in his life
stopped to think like hey did I not get
that job or did that guy react to me
that way because I'm white Joe Rogan
never had to say like hey is my race in
some way inhibiting my opportunity who
when he says small slice of the right I
think he's only acknowledging the
Richard Spencer's of the world who
actively want to make laws to oppress
people of color and he's not thinking
about the fact that the status quo is
white supremacy and if you don't do
anything if you're like a hands-off
libertarian that is supporting white
supremacy because that is the status quo
right now I mean it's it's it's always
been and there have been I mean even
we have had systemic and statutory
repression of black people for the vast
majority of our our history Dave Rubin
should do a deep dive into
reconstruction yes okay - into the New
Deal or let's say into miscegenation
many people were to like the Nitty
Gritty of like race stuff but I guess
I'm just focusing a more like the ideas
level all right wait continue is there
anything more than white I know nothing
about you by the color of your skin I
know about Joe Rogan because I watch the
show I listen to the show we've done
this several times and we can print
hours that we're gonna sit here now we
can dive as deep into any issue and
that's the only way that I can sensibly
judge you you say but the idea that you
will look at people that you would look
at a black person a black person would
be sitting there or a Muslim person
would be sit in there or transverse and
sitting there and you'd go
I have even the inkling of what you
think because of that immutable
characteristic that is actual racism
posit first off he thinks I'll did he's
like really first off there's nobody on
the left and I don't know maybe on the
right but I don't there's nobody on the
left who's going like I know what you
think I can name one on the right Jordan
Peterson when he says he talks about
pronouns he's saying it's like a
cultural Marxist plot and now when
they're oh they're attempting that's why
they're doing right these the word is
imparting its upon upon a theory based
on his ESP right can we get that video
but on the left when I think I see a
white person a transgender person a
Muslim person and a black person I think
is what Dave said up there I do know I
don't know the specifics of these
individuals but I do know the likelihood
broadly speaking of what their
experience is in our world today I mean
broadly speaking we were to have ten
black people ten
Muslims 10 trans people and and 10 white
people and what else did he say I can't
remember
I could broadly tell you what a
significant portion of each one of those
has gone through I could list five
things that they probably experienced in
the world like the trans person probably
has dealt with a job discrimination has
dealt with housing discrimination the
Muslim has probably gone around and
dealing with with cultural
discrimination and probably concerned
for his children or her children the
trans person is probably worried about
their their physical well-being
depending on where they they live of
course if they all live where Dave Rubin
lives there'd be much better shape he
lives in the bastion of liberalism that
he hates I would like to do this project
in fact I would pay for it here's my
challenge to Dave Rubin I want you to
move to rural juror Georgia or rural
Alabama now through the show from there
do the show from there take your message
to the people who will really appreciate
it you can show them there's look we
April that don't judge you by your
reaction no way to predict how they're
gonna react right we know they're not
gonna judge when you walk through town
holding hands as you should be able to
do and of course you there's no way to
predict how the people there I would
never deign to to generalize or in any
way use my ESP to predict how they're
going to react and this would be a great
way for us to all learn there should be
a great way for you to face like to
completely pawn those of us who are
skeptical about your politics because
you have made it really clear that one
of the staples of your
of of why it is wrong for your
ideological perspective to be considered
anything other than a classical liberal
you would have for whatever reason rely
on identity politics your personal
relationship with your spouse to prove
that you are not a right-wing purveyor
of right-wing thought I would say let's
put that to the test you're right
there's no way for us to possibly know
how these folks in rural Alabama rural
Georgia are going to react to the new
couple that is moved to town and hold
hands and are publicly affectionate like
any other couple might be heterosexual
couple may I just say I want I mentioned
this yesterday but I just want to say
again in the conversation on the Baker
case which we didn't even get to one of
the liens and I am paraphrasing but not
terribly not by much
he said is dave rubin said something to
the effect of it I know people like to
get into the legal details of its bakes
he's talking about the court case to be
fair that's what law fairs motto is it's
really right now it's unbelievable it
really is just unbelievable of to mash
up that Dave Rubin video with the
Stephen Colbert clip where he's like I
don't see race I'm told that I'm white
and I guess I got to take people's word
for it so I have you challenged Ruben to
it debates them I will reiterate that I
will debate Dave Rubin in any context on
any show in any medium and or any place
at any time in in I feel bad any rules I
feel bad for Dave so let me help them
out here Dave you're an idiot
oh sorry all right all right resources
Shawn just tweeted a Anti Fattah wonders
why trubin report who's willing to go so
hard debating the demerits of the postal
system with Joe Rogan is unwilling to
engage in a debate with Sam cedar no
let's see who gets owned in a
tete-a-tete between coke money and
Casper mattress money there you go
bingo do you wanna do you guys remember
why Reuben got mad at us the video that
we loves to wear my joke was coming from
yeah those two groups I still think is
mostly like I say do 5 minutes worth of
reading you know God let's wait early be
illiterate like this could be like not
enough time to understand that Jesus
would have known them literally just
chronologically and I won't get a guy
like that I'm just like I'm jealous of
the fact that he doesn't have kids you
know he works with his spouse like he's
got you know he's got plenty of time to
dedicate to his business and to just
like to set aside take five minutes off
of the time in the gym and just like I'm
gonna read five minutes worth of stuff
about what I'm gonna talk and try
audible Dave yeah being real cultural
leaps right now about people who could
read or not read and also possibly
ablest okay all right
