a topic so that there is every reason
for making a shock noise and and why
don't I get Bob McNamara people to do it
well they just somebody would say that
the miss poor it's unfortunate to have
this come aid comfort given to or not
even come a gestation it's thought of
saying which is involves intelligence
which is lasting ought to be discussed
this way and this is going to Senator
Goldwater and a disclosure is helpful to
the people in Cuba you know well the
only thing I suppose that confirms it
doesn't well know that I mean discussion
of it can only be helpful to the to our
enemies and Senator Goldwater should
some of the officers that he should know
that good some anonymous the best pop
yeah say that guiding so hello - Frankie
right this morning I thought the general
Cairo CIA says we have no new equipment
on our electronics intelligence aircraft
it's simply the typical electronic
intelligence equipment which is meant to
be tubes electronic emanations and
perhaps pick up generators and
associated with SAM sites with them when
any case is a violation of security so I
called general of may who is a close
friend of Goldwater's and I asked him to
get in touch with Goldwater handle it
directly and we're also gonna try to get
a senator on on the Armed Services
Committee to say in the Senate the
violation security analyst definitely
now secondly on the word article we will
brief Ward as well as other newspaper
correspondent on a background page
hello please leave a message after the
tone
hello ha how you doing Devils this is
Barack Hussein Obama I just wanted to
call and congratulate Michael Brooks of
Michael Jamal Brooks Matlack dead
Russia he clasped your first one
thousand-page rings on patreon
I knew that investing in you Devils was
the right call
there is a place that you can find for
yourselves in the new nubian Mecca we're
constructing just the long as you
remember your rightful positions now
I've told you the secret plan and I
think you're all familiar other things
you know Bill Cosby innocent Louis
Farrakhan secret Joe we're gonna Adam
and uh Donald Trump not part of the plan
a pretty funny
plane lands I wanna congratulate
everybody thank you I look forward to
more degrading of the white man and
various socialist schemes that come out
of your Brooklyn delusions before we
create the next divine Mecca and stay
away from our women obfuscating devil
enjoy yourselves until that moment a lot
walk
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show were
broadcasting from Brooklyn where left is
best on today's program of course we
have super producer Malik hello ed
theoretician David grishko he's high on
the button he's ready how's it going
oh it's going good David and of course
super producer David Slovak roaming the
Twittersphere that discord all other
facets of the Michael Brooks digital
universe on today's program uh Noah
changa Michael Brooks show crew were
talking about a recent trip she made to
Puerto Rico the situation on the ground
there and future prospects the message
from the grass roots as we head into
2018 and face more democratic failure
but also more bottom-up opportunity and
then Anthony lop a showrunner filmmaker
journalist he's joining me we're talking
about the hidden history of the opioid
crisis the poppy fields of Laos the CIA
Purdue the family behind oxy cotton and
the role that marijuana legalization and
the Sinaloa cartel played in creating
the opium price the opioid crisis as we
know it then he's gonna hang out for the
postgame but first let me get to this
week's commentary the Democrats caved
they picked a really weak position and
shutting down the government over
actions to protect the dreamers now
let's be really clear about this this
failed by two pretty key metrics one
metric is the integrity metric of
holding government shutdown until at
least some bare minimum of action is
taken to protect a classified dreamers
who are being terrorized as part of this
administration's larger war on
immigration this administration's
Archer push for abuse and white
supremacy that was the moral push as
well as the strategic one because
ultimately a broader more multicultural
America is in fact going to be
advantageous to any type of center-left
cohesion then they also messed up on
purely cynical political grounds so in
other words if you're gonna make this
move you should actually make it and if
you know that you don't have the
follow-through to make this move then
don't make it cut that deal out of the
gate and don't embarrass yourself now a
lot of people have made this point and
there's also been some spin to sort of
counter it and I'm aware they got a
six-week extension six-year extension on
ship incredibly important theoretically
Republicans even have said that they
support the children's health insurance
program although I'm sure they would
have let it die on the vine that's what
they got there were some human stakes
involved but the broader strategic
failure is stark and clear for anybody
who's in any way sound enough to see it
but to me it also points to this deeper
crisis of just a fundamental asymmetry
of perception between a stagnant
technocratic leadership completely out
of step with the world as it is
any relentless relentless totally
reality bending far-right populism that
embody that is embodied in the Trump
administration the modern Republican
Party let's take a clip this is from
living in a city on you unreal world
which was a short film that Adam Curtis
put together for Vice check out the
intro to this this is the normal world
you go to work in a city all around you
are enormous new buildings they look
alike but you will never be able to
afford to live in them because they are
not really homes they are blocks of
money brought by global investors whose
money has nowhere else to go
brexit happened it showed that all the
people who are supposed to tell you
about the world the journalists the
politicians the think-tank experts know
nothing it showed that they and you live
in a dream world detached from reality
you spend your days and nights on social
media the original vision was that it
was going to open up a new paradise
where information was shared freely but
now the algorithm is a so strong and
knows so much about you
they only give you what they know you
like this is the world we're living in
and this is why this kind of false sense
of expertise and the small-bore tactics
of the Democratic Party are not only
wrong in a traditional political sense
even if we were playing by 1990s rules
this would be a failure it identifies
once again
both the lack of commitment to actual
material outcomes because of course
there's this other sense that the
Democrats have articulated implicitly at
least that yes if nothing happens to
protect Daka people protected under daca
then this can be a winning issue in 2018
this can actually come through in some
way for electoral benefit there's no
actual material conviction which is the
only way to counteract this sense of
unreality
but then conversely if we're playing in
the realm of unreality Trump in the
Republicans who make up reality as they
go along with a totally fluid
relationship to institutions who don't
play by any of these small point scoring
games are still owning the landscape
even as they're immensely unpopular so
this failure in this cave of the
Democrats is wrong on the ethics it's
wrong on the strategy and it also points
to the fact that in a broader even just
world we live in sense these people
don't get it just like they don't
understand an Anthony we'll talk about
later that when Trump talks about
carnage all of our America yes he's
queueing xenophobia yes he's queueing
bigotry and when but when liberals
respond with will actually statistically
the crime rates are down they're
ignoring the fact that he is talking
about specific pocket specific specific
areas in the periphery where crime and
violence have in fact skyrocketed until
they can play in an unreal world and try
to make it real through actually
delivering for people they're going to
be at a structural disadvantage with
only brief bits of
respite where they win by default
because Republicans have created such an
awful reality themselves and that is the
depressing and cold reality as I see it
we are contemplating making an Adam
Curtis documentary ourselves we were
working on one earlier well listen what
are we talking about we were saying
we're losing is winning and winning is
not for you
when winnings for the other guy you know
the music has to drop and then and then
the subway like the escalator goes to
the bottom of the subway and then um and
then like Vivaldi comes on and then it's
like we live in an incoherent world up
is down and down is up but where are you
not in the middle we want to take some
time now to go to this shot out this is
gonna be a little bit of a longer than
usual shot out because Bernie Sanders
we're gonna actually head over briefly
he's holding a medicare-for-all Town
Hall right now and talked about
injecting reality into politics the
reality that we need a mass universal
based systems we need a socialism thank
you I know Bernie's a very big fan of
the song where's my intro music you
little pricks this is the basic
recognition that the way to win the way
to win and avoid silly culture wars the
way to have a strategy to defeat
oligarchy to have a strategy to defeat
neoliberal to have a strategy to defeat
fascist it's gonna be grounded in
serious universal delivery health care
housing education I feel like that clue
Beck I keep it simple
if you've ever owned health care no bums
no bumps in the road al garage rip rich
people out of their houses
strip them of their assets keep it
simple steal their hood ornament steal
or hood arguments put them into prison
and re-education camps keep it simple
that's definitely a new character gulag
clue back where he just all of a sudden
gets it take away their money have a
financial revolution that's really a
cultural revolution we need to send them
underground it said make it socially
poisonous to be wealthy keep it keep it
simple be humiliated socially ostracized
burn down their ski condos keep it
simple connect the tactics of Earth
first with the politics of the
Internationale before it was watered
down by the Third Way keep it simple
class politics today class politics
forever keep it simple all right and
with that introduction let's take a
couple of minutes to check in to Bernie
Sanders Medicare for all our health care
crisis Town Hall yeoman's work by the
great comrade Bernie Sanders right now
she could continue to work because what
she knew was that if she couldn't
continue to work she wouldn't be able to
pay her bills including her rent and if
she couldn't pay her bills nothing else
mattered so what we see is that we have
studies that show that people who do not
have insurance delay and seeking care
for heart attacks that people who have
co-payments for medication no matter how
low it decreases the utilization of
much-needed medications decreases he
uses a blood pressure medicine decreases
the use of diabetic medications and
cholesterol-lowering statins we know
that the higher the co-payment the
poorer the outcome for children with
asthma so we need to make health care a
right in this country the reality is
that we already spend enough
money on healthcare in this country we
just allow too many people who are not
involved in the delivery of healthcare
to take profit from it let me ask a
question tell me if I'm wrong but I
expect some of the people who actually
walk in your door do have health
insurance but their deductibles and
co-payments are so high they can't get
to the doctor when they need it would
that be true that's exactly right so
when you see someone who has health
insurance but their deductible is 10% of
their income $35,000 a year with a
$3,500 deductible that's not insurance
and so the the problem we have is people
who don't have access to medications we
provide access to medications for our
patients now when we talk about a
dysfunctional health care system and a
wasteful system
tell me about people who walk in your
door much later than they should have
and end up a great expense for the
system not to mention suffering in the
hospital does that take place well so
the patients that I gave you examples of
were all examples of people who would
have been much cheaper to take care of
them earlier on that cook would have
been able to continue working if he
could have his afford his blood pressure
medication that gentleman was diabetes
got very sick or the salesman who had
uncontrolled hypertension and got kidney
failure he could have continued to work
and not need dialysis if he had
controlled his blood pressure so you see
people who are walking in to your door a
lot later than they should every day
every day it is the what fills our
emergency room it burns our clinics we
find it's much easier to control the
blood pressure than to pay for the
rehabilitation after your stroke right
and that's one of the craziness --is of
the system we pay after 10 times more
than we spend rather than preventing the
crisis care is far cheaper okay Debra
Wachtel is a nurse practitioner outside
of in Burlington Vermont Deborah you and
I were discussing in
that is probably the issue of most
concern to the American people in terms
of health care and that is the high cost
of prescription drugs when somebody
walks into your office and they get a
prescription for medicine how often does
it happen that then they are unable to
fill get that prescription filled that
the doctor prescribed my closely mother
in our case it's the nurse practitioners
because we have a nurse practitioner
practice and whether you're a nurse
practitioner or a physician of PA when
we prescribe medications for patients it
becomes a circus so one patient might
walk in with insurance and their copay
is four dollars and they walk out very
happy the next patient who has the
identical medical issues and it has
insurance there they're come their
insurance company makes them pay $1,200
for the same medication that another
patient would pay four dollars for my
day is spent seeing patients but
interjected throughout my day is phone
calls from pharmacists with rejection
welcome back yeah so Bernie Sanders is
doing it I mean look this this is it and
this is the work at all levels any
politician any organizer work that we're
contributing to work in this any part of
the ecosystem
that is saying look socialism is not and
any type of left politics it's not a
niche it's not about being trendy it's
not about having an internal dialogue
it's not about knowing all the lingo
it's not about how proving how woke you
are it is about the mass humane
treatment and radical economic democracy
and delivery for people and he's doing
that medicare for all is vitally
important because it is the tip of the
spear for disrupting
the choke hold that capital has on all
of our lives and the inherent violence
you know anytime you talked to some
libertarian fanta system they're talking
about coercion ask them who has more
coercion in there what is the most
coercive relationship in their life now
chances are they are some type of you
know parent dwelling aspiring or
entrepreneur but if they have a job and
they're answering honestly they're gonna
say their boss they're not going to say
some government agency that they've made
up some freaked-out story about and to
the extent government agencies are
abusive to the extent the IRS focuses on
terrorizing lower-income people while
the wealthy get away with evading masses
amounts of taxes and accountability
that's because the system is stacked for
the oligarchs the rules are written for
the incumbents and that's not an
indictment of our shared democratic
endeavors that's an indictment of our
small clique of economic concert
concentrations and sclerotic Mis
distribution which is choking out
innovation democracy life and basic
goodness now we're gonna do a brief
pitch here and then we'll get to Anoa
changa but as always really props I mean
Bernie Sanders and Jeremy Corbyn they
stayed there like obi-wan Kenobi figures
they stayed in the wilderness while
these other people embrace the Third Way
and all sorts of garbage I thought we
were doing bad boy for life but this
works I always never L every time I
think of Dipset I have Bill Clinton and
my mind split Dipset Dipset upset works
we crossed the thousand patrons thank
you is the board up you ready for this
mashup Dipset meets
oh wow so far totally overpowered it
bring it back down to the mix yeah
Dipset Dipset all right
we are you ready all that
that actually sounds kind of hot I like
that um thanks to all of you thanks to
everybody that's made it happened
obviously this is a first of many goals
getting past a thousand is gonna allow
us to sustain ourselves build out our
first set of animations which we're
starting make sure on patreon at the end
of the month that your card and
information is up to date that's really
important to keep getting content make
sure that the money flows properly
there's always a pretty big drop-off and
a lot of that is because of things like
the clients and stuff and there's a ton
of offerings you get way more services
as a patron you get at least double the
content you have a thriving discord
community at 21 and above you have those
intensive calls with me the real
in-depth analysis
stay tuned for animation stay tunes for
Wolfenstein I haven't forgotten about
that I'm going to LA this week got a
bunch of stuff going on out there with
dyt with my brother woz and all sorts of
other great people Hunter mots
christopher ryan daniela belly it's very
exciting i appreciate all of you please
become a patron this is how we win this
is how we fight the larger war we're
profoundly committed to this project and
it is simply not possible without you
and you are really the only ones that i
want to have make it possible i don't
want to be accountable anybody else so
thank each and every one of you so much
we will be right back patreon.com slash
t MBS we're on the move keep moving with
us we'll be right back with a Noah Chaka
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
yeah man that thing is stuck I've got
Bill Clinton Dipset Dipset that's
definitely like 90s odd humor it works
so it works even I could tell even to
know it thinks it works
joining us now is Michael Brooks show
crew and host of the way with the Noah
