I think this is the first non-lawyer
that we have had in the on this program
in the five years plus maybe now that
I've been coming to this conference but
the nature of what this guy is doing I
think is going to be of a lot of
interest to you folks in the audience I
think probably two people in the office
back in Brooklyn well you're gonna want
to listen to this one and and certainly
I know if Kelly is listening today she's
going to want to hear this as well but
well I said if I don't know but if she
is now you're gonna hear it Michael for
that crack so question okay so I don't
know I don't know
all right so sitting with me right now
is Jared Johnson and I met him at this
conference one of the few people I've
met at the conference not at the
blackjack table but so Jarrod came up
and I guess you've listened to ring of
fire radio in the past but tell us what
what you're doing well I mean what
you're doing here what is your entity
I've been affected personally by debt
collectors when I wasn't making any
money when I was newly married when I
was just a young entrepreneur trying to
feed my family and so when I got into
working you know some marketing for
attorneys a group of those attorneys sue
debt collectors and I was introduced to
this vertical this this practice of
suing debt collectors through getting
help with actual debt collectors in my
own personal life and lo and behold
stumbled on
what I felt was a missed opportunity in
the United States to help consumers and
give them some sort of light on a hill
to get help if a debt collector is
actually bothering them or doing
something they shouldn't be doing and
today that's a violation any violation
of the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act violation of the telephone Consumer
Protection Act or Fair Credit Reporting
Act violations and so now there's a lot
of there's a lot of statutory protection
there is for people who have debt but
there also seems to be a very deep and
broad lack of awareness of those
protections and so what happens is the
debt collectors they run roughshod they
prey on people's ignorance and a like
lack of education on the subject because
so many people I mean we run an ad on
Twitter right now that actually says has
any debt collector called you in the
call may be illegal and what we're
saying by that is if our debt character
calls your phone without written
permission in advance using an automated
telephone dialing system the debt
collector is actually obligated to pay
you a $500 fine for every single call
that violates the telephone Consumer
Protection Act nobody knows this so okay
so all right let's back up tell-tell
your personal story like on how you got
to this so so you're working in some
marketing which you know a lot of the
vendors here they help lawyers sort of
advertise that they're covering mezzo
Fumio in my case or something like that
so you're around lawyers and it's making
you a little bit more savvy maybe to
your rights in these instances it is and
then and then what happens your wife
right yeah my wife was getting phone
calls on her cell phone from a mystery
number and we decided to answer it one
night we were just doing the marital
thing where the people like sit in their
beds and read their iPhones these days
this is what they do you know so we were
sitting there and then her phone rang
then my phone rang and she didn't answer
I did and it
debt collector and so the guy introduced
himself he said he was looking for my
wife I asked him what it was about he's
trying to collect the debt I said well
look I'm his I'm her husband so tell you
what if you can send me your fax number
I'd like to send you some information
myself and what I meant by that was I'm
gonna send him now a debt validation
request pursuant to 1690 to title 15
that allows actually forces the debt
collector to validate and prove that the
debt is a true debt before attempting to
collect the debt any further so it's a
little okay so let me just first ask you
this yes your everything seems normal to
me
you're sitting in bed reading your
iphone yes but how did you know that
there was a statute 1692 about
validating your debt this I actually
knew on my own even before I ever got
into this just for the reading on the
internet like you know things you should
do but that collector calls you in like
the you know the cowboys of you know
doing this kind of thing this is one of
the only things they know so they talk
about this first and you google it and
you see though those all these like
templates people have written that you
know if you don't have a fax machine can
you email it send it in the mail oh oh
the physical map physical mail when what
is what is it what is it you write on
this um so the debt validation notice
just says you know I'm requesting that
you prove that the debt is a valid debt
and that as a debt collector you have
the right to collect the debt in my
state that you are bonded and licensed
that you know that the debt itself
hasn't lost any chain of ownership so
for instance if they're collecting on a
debt that they don't actually even own
or never bought well then they can't
really collect the debt can they so I
want to prove that and so we want to
show that we're mice where did I sign
anything did I actually do you have a
cup physical contract signature that
shows that I agreed to take this debt I
actually truly oh this debt at all and
so you're you're asking them to prove
that you really owe what they are
attempting to collect they cannot prove
this they cannot continue collecting it
if they don't attempt to validate the
debt they don't send you anything back
they cannot continue to collect the debt
can't call you they can't buy Mexican
standoff you you're done right then in
there and I've had I've sent letters out
so you literally watch it all vanish the
disappears off my credit report and
never get a phone call they just walk
away never never call you again and in
some cases the credit can stay in your
credit report but they won't collect it
interesting they just leave you long
okay so you went through this and then
you're thinking not many people realize
this no not many people realize this and
I you know even in the letter I sent
them I actually there's two things I
want to ask for a validation of debt I
also want to revoke consent so I don't
want them to call my mobile phone
anymore so inside the letter I actually
say please don't call my mobile phone
anymore
that's revoking consent you probably
gave consent to the original creditor
when you took the loan out giving them
permission to call your mobile phone
using an automated telephone dying
system but you can take that back at any
time just by just saying I don't want
you to call me anymore I'd rather do
this value of the mail so when you've
done that you've River consent now
anytime they call you after that it
becomes a violation of telephone
Consumer Protection Act so you bet I
sent that debt validation letter off to
this debt collector they got it in a fax
the next morning that same night they
called my wife's phone my phone and
continued to try and collect the debt so
the first call to my wife's phone is a
$500 fine the call to my phone is
another $500 fine because I'm in I'm
also and the fact is they they called my
phone and I'm not even listed on the
debt so I personally never granted this
entity and consent to call my phone so
my wife may have but I certainly had
never then the attempt to continue to
collect the debt violates 1690
- I'm not sure which letter on that
statute it violates to continue
collecting prior to validation of the
debt so there's three and then they
actually used you know some pretty bad
language things like harassing language
you can't use profanity on the phone
that's a fourth way so they did all this
I said look man see you later hung up on
him and had a fantastic attorneys name
is Craig Erlich he's in Atlanta Georgia
he called them up and in about a week he
had it all settled out he said the debts
gone we're gonna pay your wife five
hundred dollars just for her trouble
they're gonna agree to my attorneys fees
is that acceptable to you I pretty much
yes so for all that in a matter of just
a few weeks we had an extra five hundred
dollars cash but it made me think about
this like well why isn't there one big
you know helpful brand that's out there
that people can give their information
to and then get free attorneys so cuz
that's the thing with sue the collector
all the attorney work is absolutely for
free for the consumer because the
attorney never charges the consumer it's
not like a cartoon an attorney where the
attorney gets 30% of whatever's
recovered the attorney gets none of this
money the the consumer gets everything
that's recovered and the attorney
actually gets to bill their time and
expenses to the debt collector and
federal judges enforce the attorney fee
provision and collect that money on the
side a separate from all the other money
that they actually sued and won and it
doesn't it doesn't come out of what is
owed to the consumer because the consent
what's owed to the consumer is a
statutory amount there's no you're not
doing like damages on like you know this
has caused me mental anguish no that's
so you get like for instance with the
FDCPA violation it's a thousand dollar
statutory award plus actual and punitive
damages Wow so this gets to be a lot
bigger if you can show mental anguish if
you can show that this has affected your
ability to buy a house you were about to
close on in two weeks but
jerk-off collection agency just put this
bad thing on your credit report and now
you can't you know now they're going
where you got to get that offer you
can't close and so now you're like stuck
in a motel for three months and all
these outgoing expenses and maybe you
don't get the job you were looking for
because people do better background
checks and stuff like that you got bad
credit you can't get a job and so
there's all these to in so if it's all
illegal or wrong you can prove actual
damages that way okay so there was one
of the things I asked you earlier as
when we were talking is if there's been
any change with the Trump administration
and I was thinking about Betsy DeVos
because she seems to have unshackled the
the student debt collectors in many
respects has has there been any
implications of that a and then be more
broadly what are the implications of the
the Trump administration on on on debt
collection again I'm an attorney I'm
going to just talk about what I know so
I know that the nomination and confirmed
confirmation of Judge Gorsuch to the
Supreme Court judge Gorsuch actually
wrote a recent opinion regarding debt
buyers third-party debt buyers there was
a case against Santana or USA where it
was pending before the Supreme Court
judge corsets got into then he got to
actually write the majority opinion on
it he they voted that third-party debt
buyers should inherit the rights of
original creditors the reason why this
is important is because the Fair Debt
Collection Collection Practices Act does
not apply to original creditors so when
these third-party debt buyers are now
considered original creditors again they
can continue harassing even though
they'd never loaned the money out
themselves even if they buy the debt at
five ten cents on the dollar they really
don't have any actual
monetary interest in the debt really
except for the now they've suddenly
accept her as a commodity
they were never involved in the original
treatment trade catch so like anything
there's this is a weird decision that
isn't all by itself bad in some way it
is bad it was fine the way it was but
what it has done is if Santander decides
to now collect debt for itself for its
own debts they can actually remove that
protection because then they can be
ruled as a third party debt collector
again because if they statutorily fall
under that definition then it can be
made an argument can be made but then if
they don't want to do that they just
want to hire somebody else to collect it
at a law firm right the law firm would
then be subject to the Fair Debt
Collection okay act is's act so it just
passes that roll down one change with
that said I mean it's just so people
understand what gorsek was trying to do
here and the the conservative majority
on the court was basically saying okay
it is the law that all red dogs must be
on a leash and then they just looked at
some dogs and said well that's not
they're not really read the more like
maroon right and so we've just redefined
what red means red if they don't have
red hair and red eyes they're not red
right right okay and I just we got a
saying for that around here and that is
the moon just fell into Lake Michigan
again you don't necessarily need to know
what it means but okay so and what about
on the DeVos end is there anything
that's happening there I know that she
has severed the relationship with the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to
sort of oversee these debt collectors
are you anticipating more problems on
that Accord is there any waiting so at
the granular level debt student debt if
collected by a third party debt
collectors still going to be subject to
the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
regardless of it's a
featherly you know insured loan itself
it's you know it they're still gonna
have you know these third-party you know
actual deck but you know not just fires
but the actual third-party debt
collectors they don't own the debt but
they're hired to make the phone calls
they're hired to follow up with the
debtor and try and collect payments and
so on they are subject to the Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act it's still fair
game to send these third-party debt
collectors without debt validation
notices once you get that first letter
from the debt collector that says you
have 30 days to request validation send
that letter okay because inside of that
30 days is the statutory time line in
order to request the debt validation
itself you can still send it after 30
days but they don't necessarily have to
get back to you in any statutory amount
okay either so so if I go to your sites
in the collector well I get all this
information yes so if I know that I'm
getting calls from debt collectors if I
know that if I know that I'm getting
calls from debt collectors or letters or
whatever it is I go to your site I can
get a bunch of information that doesn't
necessarily involve beginning to sue it
just says the you should take these
steps first to protect yourself and then
in the event the debt collector
continues on with this behavior then you
have time to do some type of action and
if if you don't find it call us because
we have literally a network of attorneys
that are standing on on whole you know
in the office waiting to answer and so
you won't talk to a peril you'll talk to
an attorney that actually prosecutes
these kind of cases and you'll talk to
them now so if you call our toll-free
number that's listed which is eight
eight eight four three three nine seven
five zero at sue the collector com
you get ahold of an attorney right away
ask them anything and and you Amade the
point I was like is there any chance
that this could inhibit the behavior of
debt collectors and you made the point
that this is just like they're preying
off the ignorance of the general public
and so it's a numbers game it's a
numbers game for them
know that if 5% or less that's probably
way less than that you know in fact I
think Ahmad Suleiman attorney Suleiman
told me in his office only 22,000 such
cases were filed last year and there is
a trillion dollars worth of debt out
there and people know how debt
collectors behave but only twenty two
thousand ever got filed in federal court
in this field that's nothing
so that's why that's proof no it's a
total numbers game so if these guys only
have to fight off with of course their
corporate liability are their errors and
omissions insurance that they they have
so they only have to just keep filing
claims with their errors and omissions
insurance they get settlements they
close it they start again just the cost
of doing business as long as it doesn't
isn't as long as it's sue the collector
calm right yeah as long as sue the
collector calm doesn't get huge and then
inform everybody of the rights they have
in terms of collecting they'll continue
on with these business pragmatic even if
this did become huge I don't honestly
think that it's in the best monetary
interest of debt part debt buyers debt
collectors know these cat these payday
loan companies all these guys makes so
much money on all this crazy loans and
the interest rates are so high it makes
no sense to start correcting that
behavior today they would have already
been bit correcting that behavior if
they really if it made as we've we've
seen huge awards come out of some of the
cases that have been brought before the
court wrongful foreclosures resulting in
1.2 million dollar Awards
Bank of America had to settle with this
nice couple on a TCP a claim 1.8 million
dollars the judge awarded a treble
damages verdict so there was like some
almost 900 phone calls placed using an
automated telephone dialing system after
this couple went got behind on their
mortgage bank the judge awarded fifteen
hundred dollars a call Wow fifteen
hundred dollars a call almost a thousand
calls judge went fifteen hundred bucks
this image was just a straight-up math
verdict like here and they walked away
with millions of dollars free house the
whole nine yards confidential settlement
I just heard was somebody's mixed file
case so that means somebody's similar
same sounding name ended up on somebody
else's credit report and drugged their
credit score down hundred thousand
dollar settlement and that's the low end
that was the first offer that this
company had made they likely if pushed
would have been two or three hundred
thousand dollars a mile so you know this
isn't just assessing kids play these
these cases are worth a ton of money at
the very minimum you can get the debt
likely dismissed and voided forever at
the you know at the most egregious
violation full experience you could be
awarded millions of dollars Wow and so
it it's worth checking it out it's worth
looking into it if you're getting phone
calls on your mobile device from a debt
collector today tell them to stop
calling you tell them to stop just in
the next call just say hey I want to do
this by mail instead I don't really want
to do it over the phone anymore if they
call you after that I want you to write
down every single date and time and the
number they called you and keep a call
log and then we're gonna use that to sue
the collector and we're gonna go get
fifteen hundred dollars a screenshot so
your recent inland war just print out an
itemized bill from buy it from Verizon
or whatever your your telephone provider
is well get the TCPA claim going that
can be huge I mean and a lot of times
we'll let that toll so if we know it's
gonna just continue on say hey give it a
