let's speaking of which you know a
couple of people have have complained to
me about this and I I actually I don't
want to I don't want this to come off as
magnanimous in any way because you know
that's you're not I'm not
but apparently Joe Rogan was you know
had a steven crowder on his program
we'll talk about that in just a second
but the the gist of it was that I think
Rogan was responding I don't know I
think to our a little talk that we had
about Joe Rogan I think when Doug
Stanhope was on yeah
and the that we accused Rogan of having
mostly right-wingers on now I wasn't
[Music]
yeah which i think is is it's true at
least within the the YouTube environment
wasn't saying that you don't have
non-political people and of course he
has non-political people on I don't
think it is necessarily a political show
he has huge here's a be martin on i
think that's mean you know he
has he has a huge huge platform i mean
it i don't know if his show is the
biggest show in the country but it's
it's pretty darn close in terms of like
this space and and certainly probably in
terms of independent shows it is and so
you know from my perspective i i want
there to be well i mean if it was up to
me I wouldn't have any of his right-wing
guests on but I want in this country
there to be policies that are largely I
think you could say leftist policies
it's not because that they're leftist
policies it just so happens that these
policies are described that way and so
in response to this Rogan has invited on
Kyle kolinsky and in jimmy dore
he was gonna be doing on before or not
what and people are like or even like
that's not why why and look I'm all for
it that's great I don't agree with Jimmy
on strategy or the fact that we're you
know that Hillary Clinton's Parkinson's
revelation is imminent or the seth rish
was killed but i think broadly speaking
in terms of his policies
you know preferences I agree and any
opportunity for those to be to get more
exposures great I am NOT as caught up
frankly in the the implications of of
trolling for for more audience would I
like this audience to be bigger of
course who wouldn't but if if my primary
or even secondary or probably even
tertiary motivation was to grow this
audience a lot of what we do here we
wouldn't do but I mean even the way that
we structured the free show versus the
the the fun half is is backwards what
you do is you put all the boring stuff
out for the general public and then your
division actually it's a very
entertaining he'll tell you how many
times that people have said to me like
why are you putting on the you know the
professor from you know Wichita State
University to talk about you know the
what happened with these twenty years
following reconstruction why is that why
is that your your broad the show that
you're supposed to be hitting the most
amount of people with as opposed to this
stuff where you you know mock let's say
steven crowder for the in for that
instance because it's fun to do but so
steven crowder was on a Joe Rogan show
and here is I guess they were talking
about jank lugar and so here is that
exchange well I felt like the sam Harris
one was a big downfall for him because
like it's Sam just handled it
you know when they were had that long
three-hour conversation in a three-hour
conversation with someone you know it's
hard to hide it's it's like your ideas
get exposed your lack of knowledge gets
exposed well that that's what the left
doesn't do it and I know people's why
well okay we do a segment we're the big
biggest success for us this year that
we're really grateful for is the change
my mind sent it and that's just right I
literally sit down we put up a booth
that says I'm pro-gun change my mind or
I'm pro-life change my mind or there are
only two genders yeah it's wildly
unpopular here in the wrong spots I
didn't tell you where to go yeah and we
had one that was like an hour long thing
on abortion one that wasn't out just at
SMU five people just lined up and I just
listened to them and out of the five
people two of them changed their mind
and then some of them we didn't find
come it's completely unedited and
everyone when I worked at Fox News
everyone in cable news would have told
you this would not work and no one's
gonna watch an hour-long discussion but
there's no one on the left who does that
well they can't do it in their format
they can't do it when they have and
cause in now I just want to say there is
we do one of those change your mind
things every day this show streaming
live right now we do not screen phone
calls we take I don't know how many we
take a week a day it depends on how long
the you know we have we take Iams I
don't know if I have ever said no to
anybody who wants to debate me on
anything and when we do our interviews
they are 40 30 35 minutes 40 minutes
with people who are not I mean there's
nothing wrong with with undergraduates
from a university and having but with
people who have literally dedicated
years and years to the topic that
they're coming on to talk about it I
feel quite confident that nearly every
day that we do the show and I think I
don't know how many shows of this when
we've done 1800 I don't know
we're at 1770 about 1770 that our guest
isn't smarter than me like that is the
point to bring on people who have a
depth of knowledge and and that of
course isn't necessarily the most
sellable thing on YouTube but let's
continue so they're asking like who does
this they didn't do this on the left
slot or an eight to nine slot and
there's every 15 minutes you have to
shams and --which in a commercial and
then you have all these segments to play
they can't do it but that's just because
their format sucks
like it's an art it's an antiquated form
of entertainment it just doesn't work
anymore
but even the left's on YouTube like The
Young Turks they don't do that the
unedited is long-form a good read shows
are there on YouTube what what are they
like really popular ones no I don't know
they're really sam cedars show right the
majority report is he to that up I
called the Minority Report once that's
easy to do yeah if they think I did it
on purpose
positive now no I never did think you
were joking right yeah I mean I've said
after that we talked about that that
Chris Hayes who has me on his show I'm a
contributor has said the Minority Report
probably a dozen times over the years on
air so I was Aslam it's odd last weekend
the injured in part of my intro they
said Minority Report
yeah people make that mistake Oh happens
all the time but go ahead but I'm glad
that when Joe was looking for a good
left YouTube I was very good maybe he's
watching right now got it maybe defense
you white he's on her a little bit
though I mean look I I think some of
their segments are good I mean I don't I
didn't see the Harris exchange the right
ways well the same ways also yeah if
they think I did it on purpose
what were they mad you thought you were
doing like that sort of talk show thing
where you're like now that Demma dumbs
Democrats I don't do that no I think
they also called me right-wing to which
all right pick up one of the things they
were saying was that people just
I like that these people that we decide
to help each other out that the right
supports themselves and they support
like other right-wing people but the
left needs to figure out how to do that
I'm like I'll have anybody on
yeah I have left-wing people on all the
time I have libertarians and also I have
people that are completely neutral to
politics on all the time now I mean I
think look I'm not gonna go through his
his guests I feel quite confident that
the the amount of right-wing rhetoric
that goes on in look and Joe Rogan could
have whoever he wants on the show and my
critique is intended to simply say to
people because again he has a huge
platform people who are watching that
they're not getting the full story
now steven crowder let's look a little
bit deeper into steven crowder just for
a moment because this guy seems very
thoughtful this is type of the
steven crowder does know look I can
understand if you if you're steven
crowder I mean this is a guy like we're
give me do we know his background where
do you come from so did someone from
Michigan Michigan and what was he doing
where do you go to school he go to go to
college to semester champlain alright
well here he is and maybe he has a an
issue with this maybe he's like you know
he's but here he is where he is going
out and harassing undocumented workers
or as he would call them illegal workers
they're just people right and there I I
suspect they're from Central America and
I would also bet that these guys are
here because their families are either
in the States or back in their home
countries and they're trying to raise
money for to pay for their kids so that
they can eat food I don't know maybe
these guys are up here because they're
like this is what I always envisioned I
would do for my life stand out in front
of a Home Depot and hope to get some
unregulated work but so here is a steven
crowder he's gonna he's gonna hand it to
these guys okay so they kind of hate
white people who among us doesn't turns
out they liked it even less when some
Americans like us were willing to do the
jobs so less than $25 an hour tax-free I
posit so so here it is so the
implication is these guys are getting
away with murder
$25 an hour tax-free they must be living
large and what happens is people pull up
at like and I don't know if this is a
shot in California but I've seen this
like in a Home Depot or something like
that the half a dozen of these guys will
hang out hoping to get some some work
that day some days they get work some
days they don't
and what Crowder and his his buddy did
is they they went in and tried to
underbid these guys and that's why they
they decided they'd pretend to have jobs
to offer them right Oh pretending I've
jobs offer them and also to compete with
them to work for these jobs and because
these guys don't like white people
under ready 110-120
we're 140 per 100 no one threw one under
here I'm not unreasonable heck we just
wanted to fight for $1,500 we got two
will do for 90 so posit so if you can't
see what's going on Crowder and his
buddy are basically trying to undercut
the exchange between this guy in a
pickup truck and this guy from Central
America because of course Crowder
doesn't give a because he isn't
that this is not how he makes his money
he's not paying for four kids with this
job he's just showing that like he can
go and undercut what if some other
really untalented comedian who was like
overly bulked got in the middle of a
meeting with him and some oligarch and
was like how you doing in funny videos
I'll do it for half that I could do one
funny videos I get harassed gay people
on the street I get harassed
central-american I got my own drag maker
I go I got my own drag outfit I could do
weird transgendered generative sexual
obsessiveness with them I could do that
too I can undercut you I get him to cut
you you can use your buddy and Jesse
waters in the room and let them fight it
out like well I think that well the beep
hey listen well that's that's it I'll
check out my resume man I do I've
Mollison you revive your old Chinese
guys well that's another reason why he
should be more empathetic cuz Jesse
Watters already did do that to him which
is why he couldn't even stay on Fox
well yeah but I guess this is the what
happens right I mean it's you you the
boss fired you go home you kick the dog
is right all right all right let's
continue watching this travesty
[Music]
66 hours we take it I'll do 60 all day
we're hilarious so what do we learn here
mostly that contrary to what the media
tells us these individuals don't
necessarily have a great affinity for
American pride paying taxes white people
or a good-old competition and as for
just how we knew that these people were
here illegally call it a hunch
hey you guys have papers you guys have
papers I need papers stamp papers he's
gonna call I shoot
[Applause]
kidnapped them so there it is there's
crowd now listen this is not about
politics from my perspective it's just
like it's it's like I'm going to target
some really vulnerable people who are
afraid that they're gonna get deported
and they won't be able to feed their
kids and I'm gonna pretend like actually
uh you know the funny part about this is
that the very fact that Crowder is there
making a video and he's the only white
guy who's willing to undercut these guys
sort of undercuts his whole point right
like we're gonna prove that white people
would take these jobs by having people
in there paying white people who don't
need these jobs to go in and pretend
like they're taking these jobs right and
then the way the video would Crowder
would end was that one of us would turn
around and be like oh by the way are you
funny we're gonna and they'd have to
jump out of the truck and at the run
that's a good point there yeah
you know what you know what let me just
say I heard Joe Rogan once when I was
listening I I'm I go in and out of this
pot I haven't listened to it for a while
but in one of the I don't remember the
context but he told the story once which
essentially that he got rear-ended by
somebody in LA and it was pretty clear
to him in fact like the guy might have
even said it like I don't have papers
and Rogan was like you know what dude
like maybe he took some cash or
something but he's just like it's fine
like I'm not gonna call the cops I'm not
gonna turn this little thing until I
quit ruined your life which was great
like he was actually gonna be the exact
so sometimes I think he does have these
people on and it's like dude you're
actually kind of at times preaching
exactly the opposite here's here's the
point and obviously but here's the thing
that I don't know that Rogan fully
appreciates when you platform someone
like this like there's a reason why you
know people are emailing me and saying
like you get on the show and this night
and I
happen to do the show when when I went
out to LA to do Marin's I tried to do
his I don't know if he ever got the word
about it whatever this is about a year
ago I guess I don't
but what Rogen should surely must know
or maybe doesn't fully understand the
implications of it when he platform's
crowd and he is giving them an
imprimatur he is giving them a license
he is providing some credibility to
these people and so Crowder goes on to
attack these undocumented immigrants if
you want call them illegal like you know
we all know that it's a civil violation
to either be here with your
documentation expired or be here without
documents not unlike when elderly people
buy their prescription drugs from Canada
because it's cheaper I don't know if
Crowder would would go in and I don't
know hey grandpa you know that heart
medication you thought you got haha
you've been eating sugar pills for three
weeks you know and you'd start playing I
mean maybe you would do that but
especially we could dress but but Rogan
has to understand that he's platforming
these people didn't he also have Jordan
Peterson on oh yeah I think I'm saying
yeah interesting ideas on rape on that
same day but so he's got to take some
responsibility for it and you know spend
a lot of time talking to people who talk
about the spread of things like of of
white supremacy we just did any to be
that we're gonna play during the
vacation where the bridges that
far-right groups make consciously make
to bring people into their movement runs
right through the type of guess the Joe
Rogan has on a show and the whole point
is that Joe Rogan is sitting across from
somebody who's espousing certain things
Joe Rogan the reason why Joe Rogan can
have that person on it's part of the
strategy that the far-right has which is
we're gonna bridge stuff we're gonna
introduce tiny nuggets of different
ideas we're gonna get mainstream enough
so that we get a certain amount of
credibility and then that credibility is
gonna come back on us so that when we do
the stuff that is a little bit more
racist hooray see we're making a bridge
there's a mine oh my lo yon innopolis if
you look at what they found I can't
remember who did that piece a BuzzFeed
BuzzFeed when they saw the emails and
whatnot you see that yawn innopolis was
specifically toning down certain things
to make sure that he had access to
bigger platforms I don't know
specifically Joe Rogan's but I'm just
talking now in a general sense and they
bring people and they port them over and
that's what happens and so my point in
pointing this out about Rogan show and
other shows for that matter is to make
it clear that people understand what's
going on here this is you know and some
of it is just like I just want to be
rich it doesn't matter to me and I just
you know that way I get on a bigger
platform and I can get more YouTube hits
and whatnot
I would definitely also do Rogan though
too and I think it's important that we
try to route the platforms like that yes
of course I mean I did I mean I don't
like it or not that's a major major
influence and you know I I wouldn't I
think there's a handful I know I think
you would do do Rogan but that's not the
point I'm not saying that people
shouldn't do Rogan uh my point is that
Rogan should be aware of what he's
enabling yeah I love the idea to that I
this kind of ideological diversity is
inherently good when you're actually
doing exactly what you just said you're
putting on the one side people who have
reasonable views on immigration or
whatever and on the other side this
cartoon nationalist neo-nazi xenophobe
and saying oh you know both sides and
both sides are making
good points here you know we're just
having a debate right net bene side and
here's the thing is that there is no
such thing as I'm just allowing for
debate there's you there is no such
thing as that you are making editorial
decisions every time you have a guest on
and you can pretend like you're not but
you are yeah and not having someone on
your podcast is not the same thing as
censorship I think a lot of people
conflate those two things don't know I'm
not a no platformer and that I don't
think it should be illegal to spout the
kind of pseudoscience racists office
garbage that they're doing but that
doesn't mean I'm going to invite them on
our show all right I actually think my
freedom of speech is being actively
suppressed by Joe Rogan every day I'm
not huh so I would say platform me get
in touch Joe I can attach to Joe stop
suppressing my free speech brother be
true to your principles to your
principles bro it's like I was think we
will put I did an ayahuasca trip last
week and I was thinking about this and
we'll put like we put a we'll put a
