[Music]
story in The Washington Post about how
how vicious people are being to the
Trump here it is its viciousness in
quotes like can you put this up on the
screen matte viciousness there's never
any subtlety to do these stories well
you know it's a quote so it's someone
else you know I understand I understand
but just one of these but it appears
you're often writing Trump aids in der
public fury towards the president's
policy but but the first thing you
should know about its viciousness one of
those vicious vicious Nissi things that
they mentioned in there this graph most
of the interactions that trump's
well-known aides have with strangers
amount to nothing more than posing for
selfies so in other words actually they
get treated like celebrities but his
advisers have also found themselves
subjected to a string of embarrassing
public spankings hmm a litany that even
began that began even before he took
office oh my god what horror what horror
are we gonna be talking about before
vice-president pence is swearing in oh
my god or vice president pence
incidentally he was hated in Indiana
like his approval rating was actually
lower than I think Trump's is now
nationally Oh significantly so Trump's
up in the 40s I think he was like 20 he
well you may have been like high 30s but
low 40s but pretty sure it was lower
than then Trump's before Vice President
princess wearing in his neighbor's in
Chevy Chase where he was renting a house
oh god I almost don't want even read
what happens next this is so vicious
they hung up rainbow banners it's pretty
officious to protest his opposition to
equal rights for gay men and lesbians
full-on rainbow banners
on their house oh my god that's a real
votes there was a real spanking the
horror more of a bacon right and then
when pence went to the musical Hamilton
and I'm curious how do pants get tickets
to that so quickly hmm so what he was
given tickets right there's a special
StubHub if you want to do publicity
stunts right when pence went to the
musical Hamilton I think we all remember
this this was so horrible folks I had to
make sure that my kids didn't read the
the newspapers for days because I didn't
want my daughter to think that actors in
a play particularly the actor playing
Aaron Berger concluded the evening by
announcing from the stage that he was
afraid Trump wouldn't uphold our what is
it our inalienable rights oh the horror
ladies and gentlemen I let my kids just
I love my kids read about how a hundred
kids under the age of five have been
separated from their parents and
essentially kidnapped and and we've lost
any mechanism in which to identify them
or the other 2,500 or showed that have
been kidnapped from their parents I let
them read about that cuz that I know
they can handle but the idea that maybe
there would be a rainbow flag up that is
just a bridge too far well maybe if
you're Mike Pence it is I I do want to
say what a hell right good you can go
straight to hell this was a couple of
months after I think he'd been on the VP
ticket but as of 2016 and he's still
governor of Indiana his approval rating
was at 34% Wow with a 33 negative yes so
as I recall it was super bad it was not
sure but I'm sure you know when in
Indiana had the the absolute viciousness
well you know it to hang up a rainbow
flag remember wood pence I forget there
was some big homophobic thing it like
2014 or something in Indiana I don't
even remember what it was and Mike Pence
would come out and he'd be like well you
know we've got the Hoosier spirit
the Hoosier spirit that's as big like
which is like basically we're really
polite to each other while we
discriminate against people
here's another anecdote there I and and
and really all of you all of you all of
you should feel horrible about this
story one night Stephen Miller ordered
eighty dollars of takeout sushi from a
restaurant near his apartment and a
bartender followed him into the street
and shouted Stephen when Miller turned
around the bartender raised both middle
fingers and cursed at him the
viciousness this is according to an
account Miller is shared with White
House colleagues like growing up in Long
Island and then Miller was so angry he
threw his sushi away good I love it you
know if it affects him like that and
it's as simple as just a middle fingers
you're gonna tell me to F off well then
I'm throwing eighty dollars of mine away
that's great oh yeah it's so easy to get
his feelings then perfect if I was
Stephen Miller I be like you made sushi
for a white supremacist and I'm gonna
relish it now this is and then yes
this story is just really really
offensive on Saturday
Stephen K Bannon Trump's former
strategies brows that in an antiquarian
bookstore in Richmond for metals what's
that let me see what was I looking for
some knots gari new books in for muesli
these guys hey still looking for that
second edition my commentary Robinson
what were you was a blogger section I'll
tell you what Hillier was good artist
apparently and and you know this
resonates with me because today I had to
take the kids to the camp and I was
listening to glenn back on the way home
and he's
you know Glenn Beck like it seems like
every time I listen back he's reading
the Declaration of Independence again
and slowly and sort of explaining what
each word means like alienable in other
words a right that cannot be alienated
from you hmm
but he's talking about how he's talking
about how he's conflating the notion of
a free speech again where it's like
where free speech Rises it becomes a
free speech issue if you're criticized
for saying something right right
like making no difference no
differential between the state the state
infringing upon abortion rights versus
people criticizing us for being pro-life
like there's no distinction and this is
of course you know this is he's on the
the you know everybody's this is very
popular in the conservative circles now
this aggrievement where they try and
make it seem like they're being
oppressed because they're being
criticized or they're you know a
bartender told them to f off is the
functional equivalent of the state's
apparatus infringing upon a an
individual right and this distinction is
very important that's why we don't talk
about when we talk about things being a
free speech issue it must involve
government intrusion upon this to be a
free speech issue or that that speech
must be particularly protected and I
don't even know I don't even know if I
have an example of this in in in the in
the private and private I mean you can
make fired for saying stuff on the job
folks you could make an argument you
shouldn't be there because of what you
said you could be fired there's no
there's no law against it that's just
the way it is and you it is not a First
Amendment issue so anyways so Bannon is
in the bookstore
and might not be a First Amendment issue
where it's a core issue according to the
owner of the books a woman in the shop
called Bannon a piece of trash that
sounds so tame you just have to say
trash what would you say to you leave
Bannon if you encountered him at a book
and so the the owner threatened to call
the police on her we are a bookshop book
shops are all about ideas in tolerating
different opinions and not about
verbally assaulting somebody which was
which was happening and okay so but but
honestly like okay you're the bookstore
owner you get to do that but here's what
would happen if you called the cops the
cops would show up and they would go
seriously I'm sorry did you just call us
because someone called somebody else a
piece of trash you told the lady to
leave right did she leave oh she did oh
okay now here was the woman black ma'am
here's the other question how did the
Washington Post find out about this
story right like how like do you think
the owner of this bookstore said I've
got to get to the post about this this
is like the Pentagon Papers I've got to
let them know that a lady in my store
called Steve Bannon a piece of trash I
got coordinating a mess deal
Steve Bannon um you know whined about it
to the reporter because there's another
story about Steve Bannon and this is
really just the idea that there are two
of these stories folks it's just
heartbreaking
while he was a part of the president's
team Bannon dealt with Emin enemy life
in Washington a city he freely described
as enemy territory
so he called it enemy territory and then
wondered why people called him a piece
of trash okay fair enough
by hiring security and rarely venturing
out in public as if this is any
different that Steve pan in any report
of the way Steve Anand has acted in his
entire existence right this is a guy
they found his up his rental apartment
in Florida the bathtub was corroded from
acid mistake context when Bannon
traveled it was usually aboard a private
plane never does it appear that the
Washington Post said how did you used to
travel before uh I probably knows I've
been in a lot of different every city
I've lived in and wanted to conquer
because of my rage and narcissistic
projection in the world is enemy
territory cuz I want to be in LA and in
Washington check what are you a Jew some
ask me questions here's the story of
what would you say to real quick what
would you say to Steve Bennett if you
saw him at a bookstore you're a piece of
trash
my understanding sir is that you're a
piece of trash a White House reporter
once on the phone was Sean Spicer while
the then press secretary was standing in
his yard in Alexandria said he could
hear a passing motorist shouting curses
at him good good how could you be sure I
don't know that's Spicer - it's like all
the other ones get like these
personalized interactions but Spicer
just gets the guy drive by hey
you're a loser you can't even get a TV
contract hey the only thing you've ever
contributed to society was Melissa
McCarthy doing a funny impression of you
this is unbelievable you don't even get
stories about this for like you know I
don't know celebrities who have to deal
with the public well wait is it true
that and I'm reaching her you would know
this better than me but was it true that
there was some like priests that
wouldn't give John Kerry communion when
he ran for president cause he oh oh yeah
were there whining articles about that
of course not of course not right I mean
give me a break the guy couldn't even
find refuge in his own church I mean
that actually I'm not you know
sentimental about those things but if
anything I mean that seems to me like a
lot more of a real thing than someone
says at a bookstore hey you're a journey
I mean can you imagine if you had to
turn on well I mean I just talked about
the abuse that Janeane Garofalo got back
in the day when she was the reluctant
face of the anti-war movement I mean
they were blowing her up in comedy
movies they were she was being maligned
from television programs people were
stopping on the street and threatening
her people didn't read about it because
she wasn't whining to the Washington
Post about it or can you imagine like
can you imagine being someone who or you
would turn on your TV and see entire
arenas yelling lock her up or doing oh
like the you know the atomic chop
because and or maybe the president's the
United States calling you Pocahontas I
mean this is such garbage it is
indicative of the the two-prong strategy
and we'll talk about the other prong
that the Republicans have for the fall
that is not going to work one is that
these conservative icons are being
maligned but here's the problem with why
that's not going to work
to motivate Republican voters is because
I don't think the Trump voters are going
to vote no matter what but I don't think
broadly speaking Republicans who would
vote for Trump actually give a crap
about Steve Bannon or Steve Miller or
Donald Trump for that matter they just
want what they can get out of these guys
which is like you know terrorize
immigrants cut my taxes
then also you know crap on black guys
who are making too much money that's
basically it right I mean that's the
that's the Republican agenda and they're
just not moved in any way by the slights
on Stephen Miller that he has to throw
out is $80 worth of sushi because he's
just so disgusting guy I could even put
that piece of tuna in my mouth knowing
that that bartender said after you to me
I couldn't even do it this is the worst
story they can come up with not like Oh
someone left a dead pigs head like on
the back seat of your car they broke
into my car and left the dead pigs head
like that might be like oh that's a
little disturbing
but a bartender said f you and you
decide to throw out your own sushi
that's gonna motivate people to vote the
other one is is that the entire
Democratic Party has been taken over by
this woman who at one a primary in New
York as opposed to like Bernie Sanders
right like like they tried to they
they're so muddled in their attempts to
motivate Republicans to go out and vote
that they can't find anything and I
don't know it's funny to watch them
flail you want to talk well but they're
really what's so funny when we go into
the fun out will play this yell you know
there's a sucker between they are
seriously aggrieved I mean it's
incredible you would do you've read the
collar that come out every couple of
months about how hard it is for Trump
administration officials like in their
20s and 30s to go to date and washing oh
yeah yeah we talked about it's just
incredible yes it's super hard but no
one cares and no one here's the thing
that occurs the the reason why they
don't feel the that pent up and will
play this clip of another you know
example of a white guy who decides like
oh I des myself and I'm going to make
sure that this black person actually
belongs in this area that's I'm a now a
deputy a self-identified deputy but the
the pent up you know the the the anti PC
that was pent-up right this notion of
like I'm aggrieved
because I can no longer say like hey
what's this black person doing in my
neighborhood that's gone now for them
because they all feel like they can't
they all Mitt Romney's Mitt Romney total
he said oh what's that
trickle-down racism yeah he was correct
yes they all feel like they now have
this sort of license to express it it's
Trump time and fortunately now I have my
free speech back again where I don't
feel guilty about telling the dirty
immigrants to get out I can teach my kid
that Mexicans are over populating us
that's the in Montana in Montana right
we have no room out here too many
Mexicans you know I did see a Norm
Macdonald of all people who I if
anything I thought his politics were bit
to the right I don't know much about him
but he actually did a riff a while ago
which just to registers at least that
some of this PC thing is kind of
starting to burst in some ways in the
culture cuz he was he was doing a
routine about Cosby and he was like you
know when is a rapist gonna come forward
and be like you know I'm not PC I like
to rape people sorry to not be
politically correct and I was like right
that's exactly where that would fit that
is exactly I think even the the
pedophile guy who was running as a
libertarian said something like that you
know like I'm not politically correct
which is why you'll find me writing
criminal things on internet forums of
how assaulting children which is not PC
