you're calling from a five honey area
code who are you where you calling from
hello Jacob calling in from Germany if
that's me
Jacob Jimmy yes sir Jacob how are you
thanks for cloud wonderful um I don't
know how are you timewise good go ahead
okay um so it's uh it's quite a basic
point but I wanted to get your opinion
on it um what do you think of the the
limits of social democracy and like
welfare states reform if they are not
like backed by organized workers because
I think oh yeah sorry we're gonna have
more to add to that of course um I just
wanted to engage in a dialogue and be
the audio lag is a bit confusing for me
always oh right I understand um I'll try
to be mindful that well I mean I think
to the extent that there's a debate
about this stuff that comes up on this
show or if you're trying to I mean the
nuance in the perspective I think are
kind of three things one you know I'm
not an acceleration ax stand I don't
believe in pushing human misery to its
outermost limits in order to instigate
change so that means that on a very just
you know I agree with Sam in terms of
voting is like being a tool and a
practical thing so I believe you know
you vote to minimize suffering and you
vote to create conditions that are the
least materially harmful possible in a
given context and that is gonna mean and
has meant voting for a lot of terrible
mediocre you know and so on so-called
center-left
candidates that's almost always the case
the second point more broadly I totally
agree I don't think you can
have I think that the the challenge of
the left right now in some ways it's
harder in the United States because
there hasn't been the same you know the
Democratic Party's not even
traditionally a historically left party
it's a very weird and unwieldy coalition
of many things but you cannot have a
sustained left even you know social
democratic one without serious labor
power and without um you know ancillary
and connected institutions movements and
groupings that place a context around
the politics and obviously you mean you
see this you know conversely I mean if
it were to take cereza at face value and
their best intentions and I think plenty
of people in syriza were they simply
could not do it um you know because of
the powers outside of their control so
there's no doubt about that and then the
third thing is what does the mechanics
of that inside outside strategy actually
look like and I think that's where it
gets you know it does get complicated
and I think people need to you know
really strike that balance I think pure
electoral ism is not gonna achieve what
we need to achieve and I also think
downgrading and minimizing the
importance of literally holding state
power is just delusional so it's it's uh
it's somewhere in those three but I mean
your general point I agree with but as
always sorry should plug the Boateng
good thing oh yeah I want to say I just
actually literally did an illicit
history that's gonna be released Sunday
forty MBS patrons with mark plaits hanga
who's a member of the Belgian Workers
Party and an advisor at the euro
European Left European Parliament and we
talked precisely about this what would
it take specifically in this case in the
eurozone to have an authentic left
govern and we talked about everything
from you know in that case there are new
political configurations which can work
in Europe because of the parliamentary
system and so on but you know most but
also the fact that you know there were
docks strikes going from Finland
to Spain but you know again he didn't he
he took the momentum of the of the
strikes and also what it would just
happen right with Ryanair as incredibly
important
it still doesn't you know it's still
like you still need to take control of
European institutions and a major part
of that is electoral so there's really
it's really about just how do we
actually synchronize these things and
you know and I think also act
appropriately in the different venues
you know I love the strikes and strikes
should be radical and I think pretty
uncompromising and very militant
electoral politics demands a different
set of skills and strategies and they're
complementary right I would say as far
as this we're totally in agreement the
thing is a tendency if you focus on
electoral politics right how can you hit
yeah I could you yep just go ahead
you're all totally clear go ahead okay
wonderful um if you only focus on
electoral politics and that's a
phenomenon that I saw again and again
basically then you think okay the work
is done we've got our guys in and that's
not the case that's when the work begins
yeah that was an interesting case of
threading that needle basically in in my
opinion were the Austrian Marxist read
Vienna and stuff like that because they
were engaged in three fronts they were
scientifically a very well educated
statecraft wise they had a lot of
lawyers and stuff they're also organic
intellectuals of the working class and
they've managed to use being in power to
build up the institutions for the
working class outside of the state ask
pressure points and they had a really
good strategy to combine those so and
when the right like we're just to just
say like the right does that when they
help corporations out right well yeah
that's actually the really funny part is
that in a in a way and might I mean the
obvious difference is the difference
between you know just
unlimited money and resources in a game
that's designed to benefit the corporate
sector but in some ways you can look at
inside outside yeah the right has a
great model of it they fund you know
they fund intellectuals and propaganda
and PR infrastructures they have all
sorts of transnational and global forums
to organize and coordinate themselves
that's actually it I mean that you know
like there you go
those are the those are the analogous
models of globally connected nodes and
networks and we see flashes of it I mean
I remember there was a story it again it
just wasn't where we were at you know
this is the other thing too is where
you're at in specific historical moments
and what is and isn't achievable so like
the incredible achievements of Lula are
very specific to a period of time when I
mean under Bush first my god and then
even you know and then under Obama it
was really still firmly a global
neoliberal consensus so he found a way
to still get 20 million people out of
poverty that's a major achievement on a
much more you know organic and local
level there was a you know I think in
2007 or 2008 when Mugabe was seriously
cracking down on Morgan Cheng or I and
the opposition and there was mass
violence after a disputed election in
Zimbabwe and a lot of serious states
security violence there was a group of
workers in South Africa that refused to
unload and dock a shipment of weapons I
believe coming from China to Zimbabwe
and that's amazing that I mean that is
the work and the question is is is you
know but but in the geopolitical context
that time that was morally inspiring and
very important and it didn't mean
anything because it could easily be
circumvented so we need to figure out
again you know what could get it to mean
something is if you had as an example a
South African you know government that
took its history seriously and you know
blocked those arms shipments from
Zimbabwe as an example so I I think
you're a hundred percent right it just
as many of these things
just you know it's in the how and I love
that Austria example I'm gonna look into
that that sounds like that would make
that also would make a great TMDs elicit
history right and you would have like
counter examples against like the Sam
Harris type of intellectual like
atheists who are like very logically
mind about also Marxist to know so
that's what really bothers me about
those kind of people I always used to
consider myself an atheist but in the
Marxian sense like opiate for the masses
and all that stuff like criticizing
superstition and and B is Phi deifying
oppression and stuff like that that was
where my atheism came from and that
always was like spirituality is
something completely different and
divorced from organized religion which
is a tool of oppression like yeah that's
like the classic atheism you know when
this new atheism came came around it was
like what the these people are
stupid stupid than the people like 400
years ago I agree some
predecessors of Marx and you would have
better great atheist and this atheism is
like it's it's like religion it's
completely stupid and I was baffled that
I was proud a theist like 10 years ago
and now I'm like well yeah I don't
believe in that but I also
don't believe in the other so
you and I are very like-minded you know
Ren III you distilled so many of my
thoughts there I went through a similar
progression myself and I kind of
appreciate it now because I if I'm
talking with a religious person about
atheism I can say like yeah I don't
technically believe in God but I think
like the way these atheists online
present themselves and then we could
sort of bond over how like obnoxiously
people right right yep and I think
you're and I think it's also interesting
that if you look at older atheists
writing or Marxian or otherwise it's
interesting because it's so it's so much
more historically grounded literary
minded and it also deals with the
consequences of you know I what I know
there's another thing that triggers
people because they don't understand the
point it's not that it's not that
obviously
accepting science whatever that even
means but you know okay I'll make it
concrete
you know accepting evolution over
creationism is obviously a major step
forward in terms of your understanding
grasp of the world but on the other man
but but substituting in a second but
substituting belief in God for some idea
of progress and science is foolhardy and
and that's another thing too that I
think initial atheist they were dealing
with well
these myths need to be unsettled and
disrupted and they just replicate you
know cosmically the oppression that
exists in our real lives and that's
already a different frame to because
they're actually connecting it with
understanding and uprooting oppression
but then they're actually saying like
well what is the substitute what's the
alternative not just a kind of blind
positivist well we'll have you know
flying cars and that will do the trick
and they were really dealing with actual
stuff here and that wasn't that's
another distinction I you've already
anticipated my interjection that was
like um even with evolution that was
like kaput ki mutual aid that that
competition is not the only leading
principle within the development of
nature that the evolutionary theory is
just a projection of liberal principles
into nature not entirely backed by facts
and and it's highly ideological there's
no such thing as a neutral science and
stuff like that if you look at the
debates about social Darwinism at the at
the beginning of the last century for
example and and people today are still
or you look at Frankfurt School theory
about positivism people today are so
stupid about this about that that
they're considered themselves advocates
of science and they have no no
philosophical is epistemological like
backgrounds no no no consciousness of
how problematic this concept of this the
knowledge TM is and stuff like that and
it's really yeah it's all just lack of I
mean the big thing that always just
comes
is just no historical awareness whether
it be literal history or intellectual
history I mean and I'm talking on some
of these things are as simple as like
you know I remember taking philosophy of
religion in college and you had to read
you know you read positivists here at
Freud you read Nietzsche arete and so
then it was just very easy to realize
when some character like sam harris came
along i mean even if you my god even if
you agreed with him to just really oh
okay this is just a restating of
something that was said in the 18th
century and you know it's obvious where
those blind spots are I mean it just has
no it's just amazing just the other lack
of um yeah III think that it's I think
historical illiteracy and the idea and
this is a weird way that quote unquote
science interacts with this stuff
because it actually supports for these
people in a stance of a history it's
almost like I don't need to know
anything because I know you know I'll
get pop neuroscience I'll get pop
evolutionary biology and then everything
else is just hot takes on culture as it
is now and I can skip everything else I
don't need to know intellectual history
on these no policy history I don't need
to know you know anything yeah Sam
Harris thinks removing history from a
discussion is controlling the variables
right exactly and not like the variable
well you say Brennan does si that
scientism in general in that way is
extremely dangerous
absolutely absolutely right a joke a
friend of mine would would tell about
those kind of people was always if they
were in the concentration camp they
would say well actually if you structure
the camp this way and you enlarge the
wrote in the door that way you would be
able to kill more people per hour and
and the only thing that they would
criticize about the concentration camp
would be it's not efficient enough
that's well yeah our people like oh you
know you're not
you know yes like well actually you know
well actually count cults
right well I know you appreciate life
that's precisely it I appreciate the
call as always I really appreciate your
insight thank you yeah sorry for just
agreeing with you might be a bit boring
but okay no no it's better that way
