[Music]
where everyday casual Friday that means
Monday is casual Monday Tuesday casual
Tuesday Wednesday casual hump day
Thursday casual Thurs that's what we
call it and Friday casual Shabbat da
majority report with sam cedar
[Laughter]
it is Friday September 28 2018 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
professor Eddie Glaude of Princeton
University will join us they also may
hear from very angry regular secret
possible guests also on the program
today
Christine Blasi Ford gives totally
credible testimony of an attempted rape
meanwhile Brett Kavanaugh gives totally
believable testimony as an incredibly
aggrieved privileged white guy Jeff
Flake and Republicans are just who they
who you think they are as their
committee votes today at 1:30 p.m.
meanwhile the Violence Against Women Act
set to expire this weekend just in time
the Congressional map is expanding as
Dempsey blue and heretofore red places
George Bush is out whipping votes for
Brett Kavanaugh it's not just Donald
Trump folks it's always been the
Republican Party meanwhile from the
drafters of FASTA a new Patriot Act oh
boy and in Maryland 11 Maryland
lawmakers call for a Montgomery County
investigation into sexual assault
allegations against the potential next
Supreme Court justice
all this and more on today's program
ladies and gentlemen it's Friday we're
all a little bit tired yesterday was a
long day and then by all of us I don't
mean just those of us here working on
the show but I have a feeling everyone
is a little tired as far as I can tell
everybody's pretty exhausted yesterday
was an exhausting day as a species yeah
indeed exhausting just to watch I can
only imagine how you guys feel I mean I
think yeah I think there's a lot of
people are just exasperated and it was a
it was really stunning it was a stunning
day we will obviously go through some of
the clips yesterday we released two
podcasts write both over three hours
long the first one was about four hours
20 minutes not to make it Elon Musk joke
and the next one was three hours and
something like 40 so if you want to go
back and listen to those you can listen
to them at 1 or 2 times speed I mean a
1.5 or 2 times speed and you could get
the whole hearing in just half the time
we have commentary at different times
there are breaks when we talked mostly
through the breaks as far as I remember
and really extraordinary if you did not
see it you can also head over to our
YouTube channel and we have both halves
up there the first half my understanding
is the first 20 minutes are we're taking
out yeah because you can only go back 4
hours so we'll upload those first 20
minutes okay we will upload those first
20 minutes but you can go and see the
entire thing and it's worth I think
seeing it obviously if you can't do that
you listen but it's worth seeing because
well I I really do think we are in an
extraordinary moment in our culture
where a lot of forces that have been you
know moving are are you know this is a
moment where it's getting crystallized
in some respects
and I think we've you know on issues of
gender and and race
I don't think comes up here but I think
there are really two sides of the same
coin in many respects at least from the
perspective of those on the right and I
think that on the left and from people
who experience it there are differences
between being part of a class of people
who have been in some way marginalized
or have lacked power in our society but
from the perspective of of generally of
white privilege of of male privilege and
I think to a certain extent there's some
class stuff that takes place here too
that is like a laid over overlaid on
this particularly for a guy like
Kavanagh
but the outrage that was displayed and
and maybe it was manufactured maybe it
wasn't but the fact that it was
effective was is a function of white
guys privileged white guys growing up
with a certain understanding of what the
deal is and the deal is like we get to
do this we get to do this and if we you
know it's not it's not polite so if it
happens when you're you know it's a
youthful discretion discretion it's okay
because there's fundamentally at the
heart of this and and and any glad and I
will go into this more but Exedy has
written a book on you know white
supremacy and the value gap and to a
certain extent there's this value gap is
not just I think a racial phenomenon I
think it's also a gendered phenomenon
and I think the idea of like
but you can't rule in my life for
something I did at 17 and it's the deal
that a guy like having I grew up with
was that well yeah but I mean her life
is just like a little bit a little bit
more disposable than mine she's never
going to she doesn't have the potential
to grow up to be a great man
and I am on the cusp of achieving it
I've put all the time in I think there
is that quality and I think like I say
whether he was manufacturing his outrage
or Lindsey Graham manufacturing the
outrage is less relevant than its
effectiveness but we will talk more
about that also when I went into my
house cleaning I was actually going to
talk about how we okay on the video
thanks to Ted Leo we have a different
version of pressure drop so big thanks
to Ted and we had other people who
submitted some songs for us and we're
going to probably put them in a rotation
we'll play around with them a little bit
but I want to thank everybody for their
contributions in helping us deal with
the the problem we had with with YouTube
rain stopper sent one in I think right
we played that on Thursday oh we did we
did already okay
and so and a couple other songs came in
so I want to thank everybody for that
meanwhile if you like the stories you
hear on our show we think you're gonna
like the Sierra Club's new storytelling
podcast the land I trust season 2 of the
land I trust is out now brings you
storytellers from across the western
United States who share their experience
in harvesting protecting and living with
the four natural elements water fire
wind and air Ceres has 14 tales of
individuals across the western part of
the country as they share their tales of
climate change clean energy and
everything in between each year the
Sierra Club visits
region of the country for a new set of
stories season 1 stories from the
American South they talked to musicians
families farmers climate refugees
helping to move the south from coal ash
pollution to a brighter cleaner future
you can listen to the land I trust at
beyond coal org slash stories are an
apple podcast stitcher google play
wherever you get your podcasts check out
season 2 of the land i trust today also
one of our sponsors today is news voice
dot-com / majority I think if anything
described in the course of eight hours
the bifurcated world that is our
politics and our culture in many
respects then we saw it yesterday in
that hearing and which I think shows at
least the importance of seeing different
perspectives because we need to
understand or be aware of write in the
same way like Rommel like they would
study Rommels like the desert fox in
world war ii honestly like to be able to
process what took place yesterday you
need to understand the that literally
their currency was how much toxic
masculinity and just the grievant will
cave and i'll bring to this session and
when he hit a certain level that's
basically like we're gonna vote for him
it had nothing to do with the fact that
they did or did not think he was guilty
or that forged testimony was compelling
it was like how much white privilege
aggrievement can this man deliver it's
who I picked them honestly that is the
norm historically for the supreme court
the only difference is they're starting
to lose their grip on power now and
that's why he's crying well that's why
there's agreement right and anyway
there's a new media company out there
that's coming up with their own response
to these problems so we got a little
carried away there but it's called news
voice it's a website and app for iOS and
Android which you can access for free if
you go to news voice comm / majority
gives you a personalized news feed by
aggregating a mix of mainstream media
sources international sources and
independent media sources and multiple
sources are provided for each story the
whole site is fueled by crowdsourcing
you can upvote stories you think are
important so more people will see them
you can add stories to the site or you
can add a source that's missing for a
story it's meant to be a completely open
and democratized source for news that
lets you get every side of a story they
also have a video interview series
featuring guests from Chris Hedges to
Alexandria Acacio Cortez go download the
app for free by going to news voice
dot-com / majority put the link under
this video if you're watching on YouTube
if you're listening we've got it in the
podcast descriptions check it out we
always have we always have the the links
in the podcast descriptions and if you
can't find them you can't remember what
day it was from often if you google
majority dot F M and the the the offer
or the company you can find it and of
course if you don't want to hear ads
become a member at join the majority
report dot-com all right let's play a
little bit of sound and in about five
minutes we'll have Professor Eddie cloud
the Democrats yesterday decided at the
very least to the extent that they
coordinated they were keyed into the
idea that Cavanaugh does not want an FBI
investigation now I think the Democrats
did a fair job yesterday I don't think
they did a particularly great job I can
understand the keying in on the FBI
thing fine you have one processed thing
that do you all agree on and you
go for that but there should have been a
second one and that second one should
have been more material less
process-oriented
more material hammering on one or two
things in Blumenthal sort of brought it
up a little bit with a I don't know the
the saying in Latin but it's basically
lying on one thing flying on all things
it is the standard in which juries are
given instructions if a witness is found
to have lied on one thing then the jury
can discount all of their testimony as
being potentially lied and they did not
hone in on one thing enough judge
Cavanaugh was very well practiced he was
waiting for every answer some instances
he had one that he kept answering over
and over again this is a fascinating
exchange with dick durbin because Durbin
said why don't why won't you call for a
FBI investigation and then at one point
Durbin just changed the question
slightly and Cavanaugh had not been
trained and prepared to answer the
question if it was asked that way and he
freezes and he looks to Grassley like
hey dude this is when you're supposed to
jump in watch this if you judge
Kavanaugh turns down McGann and to this
committee and say for the sake of my
reputation my family name and to get to
the bottom of the truth of this I am NOT
going to state be an obstacle to an FBI
investigation I would hope that all the
members of the committee would join me
in saying we're going to bide by your
which wishes and we will have that
investigation I welcome whatever the
committee wants to do because I'm
telling the truth
I want to know what you wanted I I'm
telling it I want to know what you want
to do it isn't I'm innocent of this
charge that you're prepared for an FBI
investigate on treat conclusions you
reach the conclusion they do investigate
questions can't have it both ways judge
you can't say here at the beginning I
wanted is your moment I will open any
kind of investigation this thing was in
this this thing was sprung at the last
minute after being held by staff you
know judge and I called for Holmes very
hearing immediately if there is no truth
to her charges the FBI investigation
will show that are you afraid that they
might not say what the FBI does not
reach you know you know this is you know
that's a funny question because the FBI
doesn't reach conclusion they just
provide the 302s with 302 so I can
explain to people who don't know what
that is they just go and do what you're
doing and ask questions and then type up
a report why would you resist that kind
of investigation sorry I welcome I
wanted the hearing last week I'm asking
about the FBI investigators out how to
ask the questions I'll do whatever I've
been on the phone multiple time so
committee counsel I'll talk to judge
Cavanaugh will you support an FBI
investigation right now I I will do
whatever the committee wants personally
do you think that's the best thing for
us to do you won't answer
look senator I I've said I wanted a
hearing and I'd said I was welcome
anything I'm innocent
this thing was held held when it could
have been presented in the ordinary way
it could have been held and handled
confidentially at first which was what
dr. Ford's wishes were as I understand
it and wouldn't have calls this like
destroyed my family like this this
effort has I think an FBI investigation
well there he is
he does not want an FBI investigation
and when he's asked the question should
there be an FBI investigation I'll do
whatever the committee wants don't you
think an FBI investigation would be
better I'm willing to do whatever the
personally what would you want to do I
didn't study for that answer
that wasn't not oh I got A's I like
drinking beer I mean this guy is not a
credible witness
he practiced for a week for this then I
mean you know and the idea that the
process the timing of this when Blasi
Ford here let that what we would do one
more clip here but we don't have time
let's will do this in a bit but Blasi
Ford says during the testimony that I
reached out before he was even a nominee
and I look I have issues with the way
that Dianne Feinstein handled this as
well frankly and some to some extent
they were us waged because it was clear
that plazzy Ford was highly ambivalent
about this process and to put her into a
meat grinder has to be a decision that
she makes and according to Ryan grim
yesterday nobody in Feinstein's office
was the leaker that the letter existed
it's amazing that the Republicans have
sort of managed to turn this into a leak
investigation and of course it was clear
I think we said that at one point early
on they're gonna make this about the
Democrats when they realize it for a
while it looked like they were going to
make Rachel Mitchell the scapegoat and
then they sort of stumbled on to like we
this thing with the Democrats is gonna
stick but all right we're gonna take
quick break when we come back Eddie
Glaude
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome back to the program the james s
mcdonnell distinguished University
professor at the University of Princeton
Eddie Glaude Eddie welcome back to the
program oh it's a pleasure family
pleasure
so I yesterday was I think one of I mean
obviously we're talking about the the
hearings or the hearing I should say and
right now I know that the the committee
is on its way to a vote give me I don't
know give me the top line for you in
terms of because I think what we saw
yesterday was a seminal moment in our
politics in our in our culture in our
society across the board I don't know
how this is going to turn out nobody
does I think at this point but this is
this is just like one of those moments
where I think it's just sort of what's
been going on just comes into relief and
crystallizes in a moment yeah I mean
it's very difficult to kind of just to
summarize it because it so much happened
on so many different levels on the one
hand we saw the complete kind of
shattering of the nominations process
the judiciary committee that process has
been broken and this was the culmination
of that another another thing that we
saw is that this society remains a
deeply and profoundly sexist and
patriarchal society that dr. Blasi
Ford's courage was summarily dismissed I
think what the Republicans did yesterday
was not only condescending it was
horrifying on on so many different
levels and and then thirdly Sam I would
say that it's it's it became very clear
to me that these people aren't
interested in governing the country that
they are so focused on their base
and that base consists not just simply
and of the stereotypical Trump voter but
big-money and the light that they are
willing to throw any pretense of
democracy out the window so profoundly
sexist a broken process and a deeply
anti-democratic Sensibility was revealed
to me it was revealed yesterday those
are the three things that stand out to
me you know I have to say that I mean I
think we had we had talked about you
coming on before we knew how the timing
of this would work out but the when I
saw Lindsey Graham's performance and and
and Cavanaugh's in the his opening
statements where he is yelling and there
is just in just a such an agreement I
mean I I really did think of of your
your last book democracy and black when
you talk about the racial value gap and
it you know it was clear that for those
men very convenient but literally for
those men on the Republican Judiciary
Committee the only Republicans on the
committee are men and Brett Kavanaugh
there there is there is also like
there's a gender gap there there's that
that the the the value gap exists across
vendor like gender like they can sit
there and say that the and be moved and
be aware that you know many of their
constituency are moved by what Blasi
Ford had to say and that she comes
across as incredibly credible yet still
there's in this indignation that is a
function of like okay yeah that happened
to her but still I'm a guy like like I'm
an route to becoming a great man and
that youthful indiscretion that may have
made her life veer off in a horrible
direction or you know deal with stuff
for a decade or two more
that is just not as important as what I
can become here oh absolutely I mean we
saw on full display the rage of
indignation of patriarchy under threat I
mean I mean I I was stunned as I watched
Kavanagh scream and yell and condescend
and and evade and and Claire how hard he
worked to get to Yale and and and what
he has done it seemed as if and of
course Lindsey Graham just just I I mean
there's a kind of question that is being
asked across the country what what is
what do people have over this guy that
he could become so unhinged
what does Trump have over him or
something this is the question that I've
been asking myself because yesterday was
was a despicable display and I think
