the news you know that broke literally
15 minutes before we came on air was
that Paul Manafort was ordered to be
locked up ahead of his two different
trials for bank and fraud and money
laundering man affords bail was revoked
basically because prosecutors were able
to show sufficient evidence that man
afford attempted to tamper with
witnesses for his trials now look it's
quite possible that Paul Manafort is
guilty of all these things and there has
absolutely no relationship to to Donald
Trump I mean theoretically that's
possible you didn't know him that well
like I think I just said hello one yes
just probably while he was his campaign
manager it's almost in pile of the same
line right I love you oh he does the
same laughs oh yeah well don't pay much
for a short period of time but I know
him that well
Felix Vader was only sharing an office
with me for six months and know him
right you know it's like he's always got
the same hilarious line yeah look I mean
could could this all be completely
separate store could be I would look at
the number of contact between Trump
campaign and eventually administration
officials and Russians at this point I
think being in the hunt being triple
digits somewhere in that range and find
that to be questionable guilty pleas by
folks like you know twin I you know uh I
have to get a little bit you know just
suspicious there's more Tiger especially
also you look in the real estate records
and I think there's a point in about
2015 or somewhere there where 70% of the
Trump organizations condos are being
bought by by shell companies you know
anonymous shell companies because that's
normal which actually I look into that
the whole thing it's very much not
normal if you don't want money
launderers and dictators and it's a much
lower number than that usually if any at
all so I mean you know we'll see but I
have to be kind of suspicious
well that mana fort had long-standing
ties to these folks sorted Trump somehow
the marriage came together man afforded
long-standing ties to Roger stone
obviously they had a firm together in DC
Leo stone to try and we can go we can
like play a little game and draw like
one of those maps that Glenn Beck used
to drop when he was high in the show
right and do so you know it will see
this is also that but he's going to
prison which is fun it's going to be
interesting to see how much it changes
his disposition spending that time in
prison and frankly speaking of
disposition changes Michael Cohen this
week it appears lost his representation
it's unclear why maybe it was a function
of cost or whatnot
but there's real reason to suggest that
if he hasn't already begun to cooperate
he is sending up a signal flare
essentially to Donald Trump you got to
do something that gives me reason to
believe that I shouldn't cooperate and
and and I don't know that there is
anything he can do you know you see
today or I guess it was last night the
New York Attorney General's Office filed
civil suit against Donald Trump's
charity and I should also say his three
of the children's I guess that would be
Ivanka Eric and Don jr. alleging
persistently illegal conduct persistent
illegal conduct you know at the present
well let me just finish saying this
because it's it's stunning the the
charity it appears did nothing
charitable and almost was exclusively
for persistent illegal conduct it's
almost like you can't call it a charity
it's almost like you call it like a
criminal enterprise or it's like the
Trump business I mean it's the same
thing right I mean they even built
anything more very much anyhow in ages I
mean he basically got himself to a point
where and
and there's you know I mean with the
Genovese theater Lucchese crime family
in New York he had strong ties to
through his uh old buddy and McCarthy
lawyer Cohn Roy Cohn
I mean he'd had these contact to the
Russian mob never everybody who's looked
into his business life has basically
sort of looked at it as one big sort of
con operation and you move on to the
next con right you you con enough people
with Trump University eventually they
catch you hopefully you know if you're
not in president the time you threaten
them with your superior resources often
they go away
or you have one of your guys rajab you
you have Michael Kohn send somebody by
to manhandle and threaten them like with
stormy Daniels allegedly and they get
them to go away but once in a while you
get caught like in trouble University
paid a twenty five million dollar fine I
mean sort of an ongoing Ponzi scheme
daring justice to catch up with you as
fast as you can break law you know we
had Paul Waldman on our podcast today
who just wrote a bunch of things about
this and Paul's I can do any was you
know I mean he was sort of like a teeny
I'm trying to remember that you got
corporate I mean it almost seems like he
does stuff legally that's by mistake I
mean talk this is all criminal by design
you know it put this sort of the the the
sort of thin veneer of I'm a businessman
my dad was a businessman we build real
estate on the front and really it's just
a way to use you know to use sort of
marketing Fame and a business operation
and political contacts and everything in
no different way than you know a
Corleone a to sort of to launder all of
this and I mean it just seems like
there's that the fact that this guy ever
got close to being president much less
presidents ridiculous whether then he
could carry on this way
that raises a question how is it that he
was able because well you know what when
you see the details well what's clear is
look Snyderman either was about to bring
these charges or was specifically not
going to bring these charges
maybe because he was compromised in some
way because the he was afraid of being
blackmailed because the theory right I
don't I come from seams of tweed out
that he knew about you know he said
we're and and Spitzer and
what's-his-name it'll be net so you
don't even know about all this I feel
like there's an interesting story about
how this stuff about Schneiderman came
out when it did it very well may be that
there were people in the office or in
his orbit who are aware that he was
sitting on this stuff and that he
couldn't do stuff against Trump because
of this and that's what motivated people
to speak out Madhvi and we probably will
never know you have to get Ronan Farrow
on your show and seize it but of course
I'm sure he's got plenty of sources that
he's just not gonna you may not even
know how that story ultimately got to
him and the first place I mean I he may
not even be aware of it but nevertheless
the acting Attorney General or I guess
he is the Attorney General for the
moment and Barbara Underwood
she was a basically in the attorney
general's office and was elevated I
don't know if she's running for for the
seat when it comes up in the fall but
she brought this case and she also sent
letters to the IRS and the Federal
Election Commission identifying what she
called possible violations of tax law
this is federal tax law and federal
campaign law the tax stuff is actually
could be could rise to criminal charges
but what is it these people have gotten
away with this for so long and come
on to prison for this before it
definitely you can go to prison for it
but again you're right
I mean do you imagine if we sort of you
know take a look under the hood so to
speak and many of the other sort of
major what do you know I know real
estate family's financial families
whatever in this country right now but
again like we do know that that sort of
the that regulation Ronald Reagan and
then you know what they call the
revolution I call the devil
starting in the 80s ran on deregulating
all sorts of things well yeah but this
is still I mean they need some of it and
George Bush Senior did and then George
HW Bush put it on steroids
sadly Obama I mean you know weary
regulated something we you know we but
this is loan but this is market but this
is this this is not just a question of
deregulation this is a question of a
complete lack of accountability for
folks who have the money to I guess - I
mean look Trump is not the only one
right Steve Newton if if the Obama
administration had prosecuted people
involved in the financial crash Steve
minuchin wouldn't be wouldn't be in the
administration Donald Trump wouldn't be
in the administration a whole host of
people Wilbur Ross yes I mean no I'm not
arguing with you I'm saying but some of
that is deregulation because you need to
have money spent on these regulatory
bodies so they can have investigators
who actually do investigating and we
don't spend that money because we decide
government wasn't as important to
function right and and there's no doubt
that Bill Clinton gave in to a lot of
that and frankly advanced some of it
with some of the Telecommunications Act
later you know the commodities future
actually I don't remember the exact name
of it but you know I'm talking about
commodities future modernization and
then Obama - and I was just I was just
saying I give credit words do he you
know he took the bank's out of student
loans who knows one of the things I mean
Obama did do some good things Bill
Clinton did do some good things you know
when it came to you know to finance but
but a larger they didn't really push
back the trend they allowed this stuff
to happen and we've been moving in this
direction where you know the IRS has
been defenestrated you know and and they
let these attacks on Lois Lerner and all
these folks you know about big bias
against the right wing which is their
favorite thing to use so they don't look
into anybody anymore
so I mean if you deregulate you
stigmatize this is the the exact formula
by the way the NRA use like this is a
trident of women they attack the ATF
they
they call them jackbooted thugs they got
the money to stop being sent there they
made it so that people weren't appointed
to those offices in the way they should
have been they made so the technology
was upgraded this is what these guys do
you know and we've allowed it to happen
it's not just with guns it's with
finance it's with oil and gas it's with
all sorts of things and this is the
result that we've got these these new
modern-day sort of these oligarchs like
Trump who are sitting on top of
basically criminal enterprise yeah I
mean again yeah and everybody's had fall
to some degree again I still would blame
the right a hell of a lot more this is
what their raison d'etre with Reagan it
has been since but there's no doubt
Obama and Clinton and frankly governors
and other people deserve on the
Democratic side deserve their share to
blame the DLC and we go on forever I
mean this is what we've allowed to
happen because there's simply no way
this guy should have not been in prison
a long time ago again if he does
anything legal it's only because it's
easier that way at the moment or he does
it by accident I mean the illegality
that follows him around with any is
almost the laws are there almost the way
they were deter some of us I hope
morality would but laws certainly would
say I'm not gonna do that cuz it's
illegal
I don't even ever do stuff that doesn't
that doesn't cross Donald Trump's mom
yes is it available sure can I do it and
make money yes do it yeah I think we're
looking at I mean there's a quality to
this that like the even the way that we
that I think normal people in society
conceive of laws in these areas I think
are irrelevant I mean I just remember
years you know decades ago being told
that there were tribes I was I was
traveling through Thailand and in the
the Golden Triangle I think between
Thailand China and maybe it was was a
Burma I'm not sure the there are tribes
up there who have no concept that
they're moving from country to country
as they you know follow the poppy crops
they just but not they don't they don't
you could go and ask them are you in
China right now are you in Thailand what
what do you mean
where we're right here I think that's
the way it is with with I think
the Trump Organization there is just no
concept of like legality illegality what
are you talking about we do this we have
a different different forces that push
back on it sometimes it's the Union
sometimes it's the collection agency
sometimes it's the government you know
we just gotta go and go forward all
right they're just they're just
impediments you knock out of the way or
you go around you think about how many
different agencies at this point
different if you want regulatory bodies
government bodies are investigating this
guy how many different I mean would we
have attorneys general from at least New
York Maryland Virginia and DC but I know
about I'm sure there's others too I
think there's there's you know maybe
additional ones you've got obviously
various branches of the federal
government doing it I'm very very part
of the Justice Department you know to
that obviously we've got Muller we've
got the House Senate you know I mean
some of them are a joke but the fact
that all you know I mean because again
this is by design I mean it's kind of
hard to find laws the guy didn't break
like and that and that sure that should
be shameful to us before we ever got to
this point it should be shameful because
it's a cultural thing you know it's the
sort of the the sort of obsessive
individuality of I mean I should be able
to do whatever I wanted you of again I
can't see the break in about 1980 when
Reaganism kaiba breaking away from what
this country had had been at least
economically you know where yes
capitalists yes but at least since the
since we you know the Progressive Era
there's been a belief in sort of a
responsibility to society brought a
responsibility on itself and the rest
and we empowered these sociopaths like
Trump you know and and you know if we
don't stop them they're not going to
stop themselves nothing stops them you
know so it it's kind of sad and kind of
pathetic and I mean it's really not that
much different than what you know then
the fact that he's cool with Kim jong-un
you know and a lot of your food and in
Detroit a and they're real leaders you
know they really leave their people and
you know they're toss or whatever I mean
this is what what he looks up to so I
mean it's the same thing everything is
kind of a zero-sum game right so in the
private business world and in the
charity world if you want to call what
his thing was charity it's the same deal
now if you're not pulling one over on
somebody somebody must be pulling one
over on you right so working together
there's no coalition's there's no in
fact I even found Sam to you as an
entertainment type guy something I
enjoyed which is he actually used the
line from the movie thank you for
smoking to justify Kim jong-eun which I
thought was arch was that line yep would
you ever see it like you know they're
trying to finance the movie you got Nick
Naylor with with the Rob Lowe character
who's like the weirdo movie producer it
was like oh one thing you'll be
co-financing the picture with the sultan
of gluten
he's like the souls of gluten the one
that mastered his slave his own people
aren't they calling the Hitler of South
Pacific and his response is I can't
speak to that all my dealings he's been
very reasonable and sensitive he's fun
you'll like it
and that's exactly what Trump said like
right what about all the concentration
camps and the little you know and the
mass starvation of Kim jung-ho I can't
speak to that yeah you know I we had a
clip of him today on Fox & Friends where
not only could he speak to it Steve
Doocy was saying he fired three generals
and Trump was like he he fired him that
could be you for visit him I mean this
guy is so great I'm just like we got
what man I mean it's not just obviously
that I could the financialization is
some of it but you know the trend
towards towards everything being you
know everything being blurry zoom in on
something you can watch it on TV reality
keeping the rest of me like we got the
perfect embodiment of all the worst
qualities of our modern age with this
guy yeah it's sort of incredible yeah
it is it is true he is sort of like I
don't know I don't want to say America's
tampon but maybe America's diaper and
some ice and it all just stopped with
him all of the all the stuff we try and
shed from ourselves all of the just got
and then it just formed into a human
being who could talk and spend his dad's
money
