[Music]
[Music]
the Commission uncle Paulie p-diddy sees
Emile de Janeiro Charlie for tomorrow
I spoke slammed the Bulls savings
you baby
[Music]
in 1953 in fact the CIA secretly
sponsored its first full-scale coup in
Iran and as a result the USA kept
control of one of the largest oil
producers in the world
Iran was important for two reasons it
had oil and it had a thousand-mile
border with the Soviet Union now Russia
the CIA wanted access to the border so
they could spy on the Soviets and they
could put their missiles there the
British who were deeply involved in this
intelligence coup in Iran we wanted
access to Iranian oil so between us we
quite deliberately and viciously
overthrew the Prime Minister mr.
Mossadegh in 1951 Prime Minister
Mossadegh became Iran's first
democratically elected leader his first
act in power was to nationalize Iran's
oil industry and his second was to begin
talks with Iran's Soviet neighbors
[Music]
talking to the Soviets and taking back
the oil industry might have been popular
with the Iranians but it certainly
wasn't popular with the CIA what the
British and the Americans managed to get
terribly wrong was that they thought
that Mossadegh was a communist and
that's why they were so fearful about
and they thought somebody else could
come in through the backdoor into Iran
and take over today the greatest threat
to peace is the expansionist aims of the
Kremlin freedom everywhere our freedom
is in jeopardy in April 1953 Allen
Dulles the CIA director secretly set
aside a million dollars to get rid of
Mossadegh by any means possible
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show I'm
Michael Brooks were broadcasting live
from Brooklyn USA where left is best
greetings to comrades friends and
enemies with me as always a super
producer Matt lek hello head
theoretician David wish come how's he
going pretty well we got to get you
connected to the printer system dude and
of course super producer David Slovak he
is roaming the digisphere Twitter
discord and everywhere else in the
growing t MBS universe on this week's
program Glenn Greenwald he is the
co-founder Co founding editor of the
intercept he's also a columnist we're
talking about the coup in Brazil how a
right-wing political formation removed a
democratically elected president from
office imprisoned one of the globe's
most popular politicians and a
paramilitary assassination of a leading
rights advocate an up-and-coming
politician in the country the bigger
context the bigger story of what's
happening there plus his reaction to the
almost certain to be confirmed torturer
as the next head of the CIA as well as
the disastrous destruction of the Iran
deal then Julia Salazar she is a
candidate DSA backed candidate in New
York's 18th district running on the
Democratic primary on a Democratic
Socialist line we're talking about her
background in union organizing what
brought her to socialism and the left
electoral project plus we have a
shout-out to Grandpa Bernie he's doing
more dope stuff and I think you already
know who is in this week's gulag a ultra
ultra Oh
from mediocre times columnist who I
really absolutely would put in a gulag
that is not a joke
I am absolutely into not only shutting
down her ideas such as they are but in
an ideal world really just actually her
everything she represents all this and
more on this week's T mb/s as we wage
the war against the open and free
exchange of ideas as we do every week
but first president Trump has withdrawn
from the Iran deal the preeminent
diplomatic accomplishment of modern
politics a deal that was specifically
narrowly tailored to deal with Iran's
nuclear program that brought together
stakeholders European United States as
well obviously with support from Russia
and China p5 plus one this deal has been
working it's been recertified by the
IAEA it was recertified by the Obama
administration by Trump State Department
under its previous leadership under Rex
Tillerson this deal is not about ICBMs
it's not about Hezbollah it's not about
any additional broader strategic issue
it was one specific area and it was
working and this is a disastrous move
from the perspective of the security and
well-being of the globe the potential
for war as well as finally in this case
because this is a overuse cliche and
journalist and global political
discourse but it actually does
jeopardize the credibility of the United
States in a way that's actually real and
not made-up we're gonna start with a
couple of reactions first this is report
from CBS News of President Obama's
official response to this and then we
will go to Iran where President rouhani
has responded to this reckless and
stupid move
as well former President Obama says
pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal is
quote a serious mistake in a statement
mr. Obama said walking away from the
jcpoa turns her back on America's
closest allies and an agreement that our
country's leading diplomat scientists
and intelligence professionals
negotiated he continued the consistent
flowering of agreements that our country
is a party to risk risks eroding
America's credibility and puts us at
odds with the world's major powers now
President rouhani in Iran responding to
the news as well and actually Iran
committing itself to remain in the
agreement in spite of the u.s. violation
they've done nothing except put empty
signatures on pieces of paper without
doing anything about it
the Iranian mission on the other hand
has agreed to everything and
accomplished all its responsibilities we
had some duties based on that agreement
and we have delivered all of them but
today we can see which is the country
that doesn't respect international
agreements we've done nothing wrong it
is not acceptable that the u.s. is
pulling out rouhani championed the
nuclear agreement in the face of
hardline critics at home who said it was
unlikely to succeed so despite the u.s.
pullout rouhani isn't willing to give it
up without a fight so javad zarif
johannes foreign minister who's
instrumental negotiating the deal is
attempting to coordinate with the
Europeans that are still in the deal who
have decried this move in an attempt to
save it now there's a couple of things
that will come out of this really
briefly the Europeans will be threatened
economically by reimpose sanctions
because there were secondary sanctions
from the ones that the Trump
administration is going to reimpose now
along with them were nicking and
attempting to blow up this deal which
could in fact jeopardize European
companies doing business in Iran but the
broader effects of this deal have been
less specifically economic in fact in
some ways rouhani has oversold arguably
the economic benefits for Iranians the
Iranian economy is still very unequal
and very stagnant and we
labor unrest there several months ago so
that's an ongoing issue regardless of
the agreement well of course this
agreement has done has been a tremendous
step forward for international security
and safety and rationality in the global
system so there might be a way in which
inspections will continue Iran will
continue to live up to his agreements
they'll continue to coordinate with the
Europeans and of course continue to open
up and deepen a trade with China and
Russia as an example
regardless Israel wants to blow this
agreement up potentially in the
worst-case scenario because there is a
massive appetite for war amongst members
of the Trump administration and the
Netanyahu team it would serve as a great
distraction from other infractions
across the world including of course the
Israeli occupation and ongoing siege of
Gaza and it would be an aggressive
attempt to reset the tables in a
regional conflict which the Saudis and
the Israelis perceive the Iranians is
winning and that tells a lot of the
backstory behind some of both Israeli
and Saudi moves in Syria and certainly
the ongoing massive humanitarian crimes
that occur on a daily basis with us and
UK support in Yemen there's also the
angle here of frankly fulfilling the
desires and excitement and wishes of
deranged campaign contributors Sheldon
Adelson is gonna need to open open his
coffers up in what are looking like very
tough midterms for Republicans and I
want to just give you another sense here
I don't know how many more lessons
people need to have that just because
you're wealthy doesn't mean that you're
not deranged insane delusional dangerous
have absolutely no idea what you're
talking about and have toxic and
terrifying ideas that are a threat to
the well-being of the entire globe this
is Sheldon Adelson in 2013 he was
talking with the silly celebrity rabbi
and Cory Booker he better not be your
friend anymore
Shmuel e-boat haic a truly odious and
ridiculous presence in America
life and he proposed what he would do
about Iran this is a multi-billionaire
and one of the most important Republican
King makers and middle-east influencers
on the in the globe on the globe so you
would support negotiations with Iran
currently so long as they first seized
all enrichment of uranium No
what do you mean supporting - goes from
whatever gonna negotiate about what I
would say is listen you see that desert
out there I want to show you something
so you pick up your cell phone even at
even at traveling rates you pick up your
cell phone and what are they call
roaming charges roaming Chuck you pick
up your cell phone and you call
somewhere in the Braska and you say okay
let it go so there's an atomic weapon
goes over a ballistic missiles admitted
that the middle of the desert that
doesn't hurt a soul maybe a couple of
rattlesnakes and scorpions or whatever
and then you and then you say see the
next one is in the middle of Tahrir so
we mean business you want to be wiped
out go ahead and take a tough position
and continue with you know clear
development if you want to be peaceful
you want to be peaceful
just reverse at all and we will
guarantee you that you can have a
nuclear power plant for electricity
purposes and it's also a tremendous
demonstration of American strength so
that they would get the only thing they
understand and do you see the current
negotiations as a demonstration of
weakness so let's tease that apart and
again I remind you that's not a crazy
old man on the subway okay that's not
one of my uncle's trying to show me a
picture of their kids first little
league practice and then saying hey
you're involved in politics what about
this idea what if we dropped a nuke on
the unoccupied part of the Iranian
desert that
hurt anybody and then we use it as a
jumping-off point to threaten genocide
if they didn't give up their nuclear
program which instantly you just said at
the end could be used to generate
electricity which is actually entirely
the point because all the technology is
dual use and that's the whole point of
the agreement that it could be used for
civilian purposes with strict oversight
all of which have been recertified and
reconfirmed by all credible
international bodies that is the mind
that is the thought process that is
directing Israeli and American foreign
policy making and I doubt very much that
any other frontline Republican would
have done any different they all
campaigned against this deal this has
been a major agenda of the political
side of the Israeli right not the
Israeli defense and intelligence
establishment which does have more
rationality on this issue so there's
three things out of this yes this could
lead to war which would be beyond
catastrophic more likely there will be
more contained and focused in a way that
is just on the sort of project that
Derrick Davidson and I talked about on
last week's illicit history for patrons
of the process of not quote-unquote
normalizing Iran and keeping them
outside of potential broader regional
diplomatic solutions from everything
from Syria to Lebanon to Yemen all of
these flash points and three while I
have a lot of cynicism about sort of
hashtag activism in some respects I
think that this is quite important that
in a place like Iran where of course the
right now will be ascendant and having a
great victory and the Supreme Leader's
profess cynicism at the outset of these
negotiations several years ago is
unfortunately being vindicated by these
grotesque morons that run the United
States right now it is actually
important that everything from the
statement to president from President
Obama to even people sort of social
media feedback actually registers that
normal people inside the United States
are not stupid they support this deal
and they want to somehow pull back
slightly from the brink and here's
another little kradic candidates in 18
and certainly 2020 what are you gonna do
to save or not save restore or generate
something new here because this is a
major catastrophe that actually is a
crisis that has been generated by these
thugs and fools that run this
administration alright let's get to the
shout out DJ Dan turkey oh you know what
two-part brief shoutout let me just say
Julia Salazar and I along with Jaime
pack and a couple of others are going to
be doing a and I have to get this up on
my phone very professional we are doing
a health care symposium for the DSA in
Brooklyn this Saturday it is May 12th
the DSA healthcare community fair it's
gonna be from 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
and we are doing a panel discussion you
can look up the event on Facebook and of
course tweet any of us about it and we
will promote it more when Julia's on so
if you want to meet any of us and also
learn not only from the panel discussion
there's also actually a lot of practical
actionable steps on how to access the
health care you need there's a bunch of
kind of community interaction it's up on
screen now DSA community health care and
now the shoutout goes to Bernie Sanders
as we maintain our birdie bro brand here
on TS Bernie Sanders has just announced
the workplace democracy Act and has
gotten co-sponsors Elizabeth Warren
Kamala
Kamala Harris and Kirsten Gillibrand and
ten other Democrats it would make it
easy
for workers to organize the bill would
allow for employees to form a union by a
majority signup process rather than an
election which will also make the union
busting tactics and strategies of hire
of private companies that corporations
used to attack unions much harder to
implement it requires companies
negotiate with a new union within ten
days of receiving requests it mandates
that workers in every States pay some
use to unions that represent them and
expands the laws definition of employers
a hotly debated term of course in the
contract economy which are gonna need to
address urgently obviously Bernie's
always been great on these issues and we
should take yes for an answer it's great
to see Center center-right Democrats who
don't have great histories on these
issues jumping on board as Bernie sets
the agenda for the actual policy implant
policy blueprint that we need to deal
with the defining crises of our time and
as I talked about last week and made a
there's no democracy without unions
there's no left without unions and
there's no solution to all of the crises
we face from corporate monopolies to
extreme inequality without union power
so shout out to Bernie and what does it
rethink of the new set you mean us the
producers yeah well I can't I'm not no
one else is in the room well I mean I
don't know if you're just throwing that
out for people to comment
well maybe I'll throw it out in the in
the postgame though I I'm kind of loath
to do I'm there's a certain type of
person that there first I think they're
just unsettled by change so I almost
would want to wait like a week or two to
let it kind of sink in and then people
could but we've been looking at this for
a little while already actually we
assembled this thing incredibly quickly
it's insane only only took us two days
to do this what do you guys think the
desks are looking a little too clean we
need a little more books and a little
more book submission brush comb with
some very theoretician response to the
new setup
looking a little to CNN little I don't
know if you go to crisper Griscom but if
I get new shoes I don't feel comfortable
in the until scuffs up yeah
right you don't have you know never do
you get two pairs and have a scuff pair
and a fresh to death pair no I don't
have anything fresh to do not luck I
don't have anything fresh to death
all right let's do a little fresh to
death pitch and then we'll be back with
the great Glenn Greenwald
yes it is insane
it's how the whole Dipset catalogue just
holds up and up and up and up this song
sounds like if you sampled a bunch of
like Edward Scissorhands stuff and then
made a beat up and then just made like a
ruthless beat out of it and that this
doesn't have but in the real Sun and in
the in the non-instrumental with the
girls just going out it's almost the
best early two-thousands music
production would have been uh pretty
awesome you know it really really would
have been guys we continue to grow we
had a little bit of a hiccup coming out
of April and it's no it's nothing major
the the rate is still extraordinary but
our goal is to get up to 2,000 patrons
during the month of August it's my
birthday month and it will also be the
year-long anniversary of the show so we
can continue to push out and expand what
we do and sustain the many things that
we already have we have some new reading
from marks non reformist reforms on the
reading group we have a brand new elicit
history on iranian uh alarmism the roots
of these lies and narratives that are
actually helping of course form the
crisis and the decision that were in
today
there's monthly phone calls will be for
21 and above patrons for comrade above
with David Slovak and myself where we do
everything from take your questions to
do specific targeted activism and
strategy calls and another thing that is
just starting wise and I don't worry
he'll still be regularly on the show
he's crew we have our own show now which
is going to be happening probably a
both times a month and it's going to be
just 40 MBS patrons and just for our
brothers over at count the dings patreon
and guess what the first one is done we
went deep
there were laughs there were arguments
and of course the other super producer
the very evil the very genius Jade Hoyt
is flipping the dials on that one that's
coming out for patrons tomorrow so and
