he is turning over the tables in the
swamp it's like being really like being
gay in the 1950s what do you think about
that do you even care who's laughing now
Sam this is so deep it's a deep state
and what is Aleppo
I'm sorry hello how is it that he's
contributed so much to American culture
well music dance everything you can
think well I have to be very very modest
about that I would say certainly as we
look at the African peoples in Nigeria
for example I just got a wonderful
invitation to go to Nigeria to be
present at the installation at the at
the governor-general is equally an old
friend who and I and I had to cable him
I'm in Australia I said would like to be
with you but I'm out here with some good
folks but I'll get to Nigeria later
Africa is to some extent an affinity for
hey mo do you still feel America is
essentially your home how do you feel me
well let me come here I'll come to that
in just a second but to come back to it
so I would say the effort and the
American Negroes have turned out to be
an extraordinary gifted people the great
tragedy is that by not making us full
class citizens as yet in America they
may be losing I don't know how much yet
that's all and to come back I would say
that unquestionably I am an American
born there
my father slave there upon the backs of
my people was developed the primary
wealth of America the primary wealth you
have to have accumulated wealth the
start you know to Bill you did it
another way here in Australia you you
know you had to build your accumulated
wealth to it just came and took it you
know what I mean and that's what they
did in most of the country is watching
West is what do you appeals did you just
took it we got to catch up with you okay
that's so in America so there's a lot of
America that belongs to me yet you
understand but just like a Scottish
American is proud of being from Scotland
I'm proud for being African I want our
schoolbooks they tried to tell me that
all Africans were savages till I got to
London and found mostly Africans I knew
and were going to Oxford and Cambridge
and doing very well and and learned
their culture and even once hadn't well
somebody had the temerity after one had
had conquered the Chinese people and
imposed upon them the opium trade and
everything else to suggest that they
were back with people just the people
who had been civilized so long over the
rest of you folks didn't make any sense
at all so somewhere it was wonderful to
find about the colored peoples of the
world that they were very advanced so I
would say today that I'm an American who
was infinitely prouder to be of African
descent no question about it no question
about it I'm an afro-american and I
don't use the word American ever loosely
again you really had the world at your
feet then I mean you your tremendous
success you were recognized late of the
world and yet you went back to America
was this for the feeling that took you
back I felt I had to go back to my
people that's right the good the going
was tough and today I can go back I just
had my passport renewed I could go back
to pretty tough times now but any time I
could get a telegram next week that the
Negro people had gathered somewhere in
one of their conferences as they could
and say Paul in the difficulties that
are going on in America would you come
back and help us I would take the plane
as soon as I finished my engagements
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show with
rock - live from Brooklyn USA we're left
as best as it is everywhere else with
substitute super producer Brendan Finn
howdy folks
chief economist David Griscom recovered
from an incredible beating that we're
gonna play later how's it going I'm
doing all right
are you doing all right you know cracked
ribs or anything you doing all right
buddy
I did some stretches yeah I would
imagine so some producer David Slovak
roaming the TMB s ever-growing ever
aggressive TMDs digitus fear and TMDs
world on this week's program Trevor
Beaulieu he is a host of sh√¢m co-host of
champagne sharks incredibly smart guy
friend of show we're talking about
Azealia Banks is get out weekend with
Elon Musk and what is the deal with Ben
Shapiro and the right-wing meltdown
around aoc plus we are Cohen Dame -
culture capital hip-hop and religion
we've got a shout out for another very
exciting woman on her way to Congress
another member of the DSA a gulag that
will weirdly warm everybody's hearts
sort of some incredible Queens scumbag
eree at work
we've got course warnings on the global
financial system in the economic minute
with Griscom and tomorrow key moment in
the struggle against the coup in Brazil
as the Workers Party petitions for lula
da silva who still remains the leading
presidential candidate and who has been
a political prisoner since the spring to
be on the ballot all that and much much
more
on this week's Michael Brooks show let's
get it down Brennan of course DJ Dan
urkki the genius musical impresario
behind the TMB s interstitial experience
this past weekend in Washington DC the
far-right white nationalist they had a
failure they were totally outmaneuvered
outclassed out organized and out
humanity dove course by
counter-protesters in that city who
turned their attempts to replicate the
horrors of last year in Charlottesville
Virginia with a protest that actually
turned into something much more
analogous or much more in reality a
protesting of the Trump administration's
white supremacy racism savagery
inhumanity and cruelty and a lot of
those people who are the harbingers of
modern racism of the 2018 version of
ethnically cleansing America whether in
the policy manifest those that come out
of the Republican Party or the filth
that emerges from internet chat forums
and seemingly everywhere else the wine
track version of those people talk about
something called Western civilization in
fact even so-called moderates are
constantly talking about the unique
gifts of the west and this rhetoric
usually overlaps with being things like
I don't know classical liberals or with
commitments often unfortunately fake
commitments to things like free speech
and open societies things that we
actually do support here on this show
and in a broader humane socialist
project and the reason I say so-called
West is because of the West by any
rigorous historical Geographic or
intellectual definition is a fiction and
I say that because the West conceptually
from its foundations has never been a
clear thing as an example in antiquity
and scholarship for long
considered Greece to be a part of the
East or what was then called Asiatic and
only very recently has been absorbed
inside what we call Europe some in
Greece that were considered to be
important Greek thinkers and
philosophers were actually in Libya in
other parts of North Africa as but what
another example of this sort of
Geographic fluidity of the concept and
the sort of disputed nature of what is
and is not West the idea of the West is
used to imply that it the sort of has
been a fixed static metaphysical reality
that has gone back from Greek times but
we know even going back to the disputed
nature of Greece in the beginning to the
fact that Islamic and Arabic societies
were the sort of containers through
which Greek philosophy was held at
different points in history as an
example Plato and Aristotle and those
ideas were transmitted and physically
contained we know that the Moors were
actually a Moroccan group that stretched
their influence all the way as far as
Ireland so that this concept of fixed
geographic boundaries is even in
antiquity inaccurate in modern times
west of course doesn't include and
didn't include in colonial eras
colonized spaces in Latin America as an
example which is geographically pretty
far west the United Kingdom and other
great empires scoured the world and
engaged in colonialism and imperialism
in Africa and Asia
stole resources administered colonial
governments and disrupt local forms of
economy and governance however as we
know from scholars like Amartya Sen
who's probably my favorite liberal
scholar those concepts by which we are
strong and profound supporters of things
like holding power accountable open
exchanges systems of intellectual rigor
and accountability across the society
can actually be found in
traditions globally there was traditions
in China for public accountability
traditions in India in African societies
there was deep sort of cooperative
decision-making frameworks in the modern
era people in Africa and Asia and Latin
America respond to colonialism and
imperialism often through Marxist
thought but Marxist thought that grew
and transformed in local conditions and
made Marxism a genuinely global
tradition go back and listen the
conversation with Bill Fletcher jr. on
the black Marxist tradition so we have
three core areas here one there's no
Geographic or historical continuity of
the West the West is an invented concept
and a lot of the people that people
would refer to as the sort of founders
of the West were in fact Libyan as an
example and Greece was not in Europe
conceptually until rather recently then
we have a global expansion of
imperialism and colonialism where
countries and this periphery literally
in the economic periphery has we've
designed our modern world are subsumed
into Western systems and assigned as
other outside of the bounds of history
progress democracy science and
accountability and that was a political
project a political project that lives
on today through global extraction of
resources Western corporations World
Bank and IMF and trade agreements that
are written to not favor poorer and
vulnerable nations and three concepts
like accountability like need to
intervene in history to promote
democracy human welfare and overthrow
every type of shackle whether it be
economic or religious is something that
either can be found in traditions
traditionally broadly speaking with
regards to power accountability and
public discourse and specifically in the
battles against colonialism and
imperialism systems of thought like
Marxism which people might lazily call
Western we're indeed made actual global
traditions with Cuba
Vietnamese South African and various
other variations the West is a
fictitious concept it's a way of making
the world neat clean and orderly in a
way that doesn't reflect reality but
does give a wine track version of the
types of simple categorizations and
efforts at supremacy that we are
fighting against every step of the way
so whether we are overcoming some
jackasses that come to DC and needs to
be made fools of or people who do open
exchange of ideas YouTube
videos question the very concept of the
West because history geography and
global philosophy don't care about your
bigoted fantasy life guys jump in here
Griscom you're chomping at the bit on
this one recovered from the injuries I
keep teasing this too I was shocked when
I watched this video we're gonna play
later
well if this saves battle it's gonna
happen right before you wreak anomic
update buddy I'm sure if it's gonna
enjoy that very much they are my family
and loved ones not so much oh wow but
you know the concept of the West is one
that is pretty funny because when you
start to ask people about what nations
are included in the West and you really
start to push them and they started
talking about countries like Australia
or South Africa right he started such
become very clear by what they mean by a
Western tradition right which is which
is a white tradition and you know I
would just I would just add that
especially with this idea and like in
philosophy it's something that's always
really funny when people start talking
about Western philosophy looking at the
interventions that place is outside of
Europe add into like what it would be
quote and quote Western philosophy to
think that someone in England reading
we're actually even better think about
somebody in Detroit Michigan reading
Hegel right it has some kind of more
like claim to this history of philosophy
than somebody in Algeria is it's pretty
hilarious right this idea of a kind of
uniform Western tradition I mean we
could talk about Western tradition as
you know Beethoven or
I had a problematic Valk nur right
something like that but there's a fog
nerf in who's come really likes Wagner
yeah we'd be killing with that one but
uh but uh you know but it's also it's
also KFC and like reality television
shows and it's just like the continuity
between these concepts is so fast that
to try to like package them into this
nice kind of very you know academic
veneer that a lot of people do when they
talk about Western culture Western
cultural values which are under attack
is and then just like as a
final point you look at things like when
when people like the most liberal the
most progressive people when they talk
about Western values their meaning like
liberal capitalist democracy right well
let's look at one of the most Western
European nations Spain which throughout
the last hundred years was basically run
under military dictatorship right well a
nation like you know Japan had actual
democracy err South Korea had a
democracy yeah they've transitioned and
those ridiculous particularly South
Korea pretty robust democracy after
divorce of course breaking through a
horrible militant dictatorship as well
but the training with is the backing of
the United exactly so try to make in
this continent is claim about Western
tradition Washington values Western
culture it's you know it was really
erroneous in the first place so we
should be careful about it
because it not only it implies a unity
but it implies a fairly dangerous unity
of you know of white supremacy of
colonialism and imperialism what's at
least for me whenever I use that
tradition Western tradition that's
typically it's more of what I'm drawing
from what I'm talking about in a
critical way talk about the Western
tradition substitute super producer
Brendan Finn he's a scholar
he's a very well-read gentleman he is a
thought on many things usually which he
whispers Svengali like in the background
but he's on mic today on TMDs Brendon
your thoughts
folks I'm just gonna start this off by
saying that I am no Matlack oh stop it
no no lucky and insights for me but I do
recall and I don't want to sidetrack
those so just kill it whenever you want
but I remember recall Angela Nagel
actually pointing out that like well we
do have to take these Western
chauvinists at tasks and say like oh you
guys are basically
slang for white supremacy or something
to that extent racial superiority there
is a series of events that happen where
the Western cultures are you know kind
of in like going away and like they will
be outnumber we will become a global
community and the question then becomes
like how do we remember these histories
these people that aren't going to be
here anymore and the fact of the matter
is Western cultures are very bad at
maintaining others you know cultures or
anything of that sort yeah let's see
what we can do for ourselves I also
think that one of the reasons so
important I'll just say really briefly a
marquee ascend wrote a piece called book
called the argumentative Indian and he
took the task two arguments in it and
one was this thing called the Asian
values argument in the 1990s which were
government's like it's Singapore and
Malaysia and they would say look we can
people and we beat the out of you
for spitting because we're Confucian
it's our value system and they made that
argument right and then and then there
was you know definitely the 90s were
like that kind of you know helsing on an
age of Clinton and Thomas Friedman and
the really like the West figured it out
first but everybody just wants to eat
McDonald's and invest in blue chip
companies and that's sort of like the
end of history and what a Margie said
came along he said look obviously things
like specific forms of parliamentary
democracy or you know specific ways of
doing things were definitely like
products of seventeen eighteenth century
Europe but more broadly speaking a
notion that you couldn't find global
roots on all continents and in all
traditions of ideas of holding powder
accountable on different types of group
decision making me even went into like
various forms of like early Buddhist
communities in India and how there was
like relatively democratic
decision-making after the death of the
Buddha and his point was not to say like
it was all the same or that some of it
wasn't even necessary like applicable in
the modern age but to say that like look
both of these viewpoints are really
wrong because one viewpoint is saying
that like you know it's fixed and static
and somebody in Singapore because it's
their culture right like they you know
they don't
want to be able to speak out against
government corruption because it harms
social cohesion and then in the West you
know or in European United States like
oh yeah everybody really totally wants
to catch up with how we do things versus
just this notion that every human being
really does you know there is an
instinct you know for for freedom for
having accountability and and you know
this also to me sunk up linked up with
Bill Fletcher juniors conversation on
Black Marxist tradition and the idea of
like these you know revolutionary
figures in places like Africa saying
like we have to return to history we've
been robbed out of history by things
like imperialism and colonialism and
also at this time already we're not
talking about westernization we're
already talking about globalization the
positive sense which is just ideas and
traditions and people cross-pollinating
and generating things that make more
sense yeah it's like and that's just one
more thing to add is that you know think
about that the Paul robe sent video that
we've watched for a cold open which set
the stage you know that's how we do
when he says you know it's like you know
America is my country and I built this
country that's right and you know that's
something it's very powerful and that's
also true I mean in the United Kingdom
as well and in France so like all these
nations they're these kind of
relationships are very deep and their
relationships of force and the
relationships of of terror but this kind
of way to talk about you know these
communities that are fading away now
that we're all living together mean like
we've been interacting with like so much
of the world like the entire West has
been interacting with so much of the
world for so long to try to talk about
its like some moment that's past is you
