[Music]
on the phone it is a pleasure to welcome
back to the program
Roxanne Dunbar our Ortiz for her latest
entitled loaded a disarming history of
the Second Amendment
welcome to welcome back to the program
Roxanne thank you Sam
so let's start with and I was I don't
know that I was necessarily surprised
but I guess I was a little bit surprised
you and and and and and you know one of
the things that we hear when we hear
when we talk about gun control we talk
about guns is the complaint that that
the left doesn't know anything about
guns these people don't know anything
about guns and so they don't have a
right to talk about it
you You certainly have a little bit of
experience in terms of guns and frankly
in our Arsenal tell us just let's start
with that yeah well I I call it's not a
memoir you know the book but I have only
two injuries at beginning one and one
under the Confederate guerrillas you
know Jesse James and all them in the
book because I I just thought it was
important you know to bring in what I
what I had experienced and so I
understand you know in some ways they
say I call it gun love because yeah I'm
1970 living in New Orleans and
organizing and just that we had a
women's study group study action group
against the war and you know against
racism and and you know the usual
nineteen sixties stuff but we had just
several of us had gone to Cuba on the
Vince Ramos Brigade and at that time
there were these Cuban exile terrorist
groups that were you know telling people
who went to Cuba people in the Vince
Ramos Brigade and threatening them and
so forth plus we had David Duke movie
person does Ku Klux Klan
gran whatever and they were calling us
on the phone threatening us you know
they would need things that look like
bombs on the porch we lived in a very
rickety Ricky wooden house and you know
in a really poor district Irish Channel
and so we decided to arm ourselves and
of course we were inspired by the Black
Panthers we supported the Black Panthers
we hadn't thought of arming ourselves
and Weather Underground you know all
these different groups underground only
they weren't much too Goods it was more
bombs right and kind of a show more than
a you know real any kind of real
terrorism but we you know they were know
that we research there's no gun laws in
Louisiana
none whatsoever except building an
arsenal but at Arsenal the definition of
an Arsenal is more than 50 guns
accumulated for to commit a crime it's
so you know almost no one qualifies for
that except maybe for local mafia but
and theoretically I guess that is only
something you could be arrested for in
retrospect right I mean right yes until
you commit that crime I mean you're not
gonna say that's why we had these but
yes and it was some federal restrictions
you know crossing state lines and I
think still there was still an automatic
weapons ban but we really had nothing to
worry about and we went to their gun
shows every weekend several in the area
so we went to one in Slidell and this
became our main place to purchase guns
absolutely well there were no background
checks and even the regular grunge
stores but you could get cheaper guns
you could get used in one you know
rifles and shotguns that were in very
good condition but
from individuals sellers who charge much
less and you know in the gun shop but we
also started visiting in the gun shops
and what happened to it is well New
Orleans is very humid for one thing so
and any rate you have to clean guns all
the time clean and oil them and collect
them and you know have them in your lap
and play around with him all the time
and they're very powerful instrument you
know I had grown up in a gun culture in
rural Oklahoma my dad and my brothers
all had done if my mother was terrified
have done so she didn't let me and my
sister touch them and I was terrified
good
my mother put the fear in me and it was
very controversial in our and lots of
heights over done to my house but there
were there you know and you know the
Winchester and the shotgun no sidearms
no pistols or anything around that rural
area but you know guns were were really
a part of the culture and I you know my
mother was with a weird exception
because all the women you know shot
through they had no problem with guns so
she was weird in many ways but
fortunately but what I we started
getting attached to these guns all our
meetings were you know we were talking
while we were cleaning our guns or you
know and we start talking more and more
about guns and going to target practice
and really enjoying it and getting then
getting a lot of sidearms and going to
indoor practice so I call it gun love I
think it's a form of addiction what is
it I mean what is it about what is it
about guns that that drive that I mean
what is it I think I got it what well I
think it's really smart for people not
not to play around with guns because
it's sort of like an alcoholic you know
trying to drink or drug addict kind of
drinks but once you're hooked on them
what it is their erotic you know the
Marine Corps
saying of this is my rifle this is my
gun they point to their groin one is for
killin and one is for fun and so there's
this you know this this empowerment you
put a gun in your hand you know and many
people testified to this I've seen many
articles lately put a weapon in your
hand either on your shoulder or a
firearm and fire it and it is the most
incredible experience that I don't want
people to have to have because there's
no need for it it's like you know it's
like a it's not a toy and it's not a
it's not really a tool and people and I
would say most people who are gun nuts
are actually addicted to guns because
they're only you know they're only
thirty percent of the population owns
these 300 million guides only thirty
percent of the population and the
average gun owner owns eight so that
means you know someone fifteen twenty it
would you know when the Las Vegas
shooter you know killed forty eight
people and it was found that he had
dozens and dozens I think they finally
found fifty five or so in all it's
different hiding of all legal that's you
know for the gun hoarder they like to
call themselves collectors or hobbyist
but I call them gun hoarders that's you
know that's an addiction and that's
nothing having more than 50 guns it
doesn't you know it doesn't bring a
ripple of being something out of the
ordinary but to ordinary people who are
not addicted it does and also we you
know this statistic of it's it is mainly
white men you know who owned owned these
weapons of these thirty percent and a
good many of them a good percentage of
them are combat veterans and I think the
uptick we've seen I mean it's not mass
shooting
started in the 1960s or that they had
been done but several of them have been
done by combat vets but I think it's
simply that that they have caught they
collect the more guns have collected
more guns are in circulation and the
wars themselves you know kids growing up
watching all this this real war I think
much more than videos you know Hollywood
gets blamed a lot you know but that's a
fantasy world that I think you know like
horror stories when you're a kid it's
much more the real life Wars and then
this sanctify certification of the
combat that you know coming back from
those wars that has risen again and the
privileges they get and the you know
honors they get and yeah and in all
these interviews especially their
liberal media image NBC and CNN they
look they they love to bring on these
combat vets who preface what they're
going to say that they do watch some gun
control you know over semi-automatic
weapons and how those are just for them
you know for the military but they start
talking about all their arsenal of guns
and how their lives or you know everyone
is armed and how important the Second
Amendment is and but they're calling for
some gun control and these are the
people who have credibility you know
that are given credibility and I'm not
to be trusted yeah I think this is a
credible source to ask about gun control
because basically they're saying yeah
mentally ill so stigmatizing the
mentally ill who you know are more the
victims of crime of violence and they
are perpetrators and also just having no
funding for mental illness that exists
and then some things are called mental
illness that are not white nationalism
is is permeates this society well let's
let's let's let's let's go back here
this is a good opportunity before we get
to that sort of the the that what what
is part of that culture if we can call
it that or that addiction on some level
let's start where you do after you talk
about your you brief I guess phase as
what some people call an mo sexual I
have heard you know but the the the
historical context around the second
amendment on the the the the left or the
anti-gun I should say maybe the the the
gun control side of things there is a
belief that the Second Amendment was
never to apply to individual rights and
now and I also just want to want to say
that like the Constitution evolves with
changing circumstances and it wasn't
until 2008 in the Heller case I believe
it was that the Supreme Court finally
ruled that it was an individual right I
think that's uh I think there's I think
there's fluidity in that obviously and I
think the Supreme Court the fact that
they first ruled on it in 2008 I think
it's a perfect example of that
but you argue in the book from a
historical standpoint it wasn't about a
necessarily a well-regulated militia was
it well it is a well-regulated militia
but these malicious that were provided
for were volunteer citizens militias
they were very well organized self
organized to kill Indians you know and
take their land and then later their
self organized to control enslaved
Africans with flight patrols so this is
light in a 17th century the first
documentation I found is sixteen sixteen
thirty-two only twelve years no 1635
only fifteen years after the pilgrims
that they already were requiring the
colony colonial government was requiring
that every men have a firearm in his
home and a certain amount of gunpowder
and bullets to load them and cannot go
out the door without being armed
including going to church or any public
spaces or out into the fields you know
to work the armed with a you know gun
slung over his shoulder so these were
you know these this is the nature of
settler colonialism
if the settlers themselves are very self
organized in grabbing land you know
grabbing wealth so here are these you
know people from England where Britain
only the the crown owned all the land
and only granted it to Lords you know to
use it and everyone else was without any
land rights whatsoever so they come you
know what attracts them to come is free
land that they could be a lord you know
they too can later be a capitalist own
property so this is a tremendous
incentive to carry out what you know the
colonial governments couldn't really do
and there are not enough redcoats you
know or and they don't know how to do
that kind of counter insurgent you know
attacking civilians and burning down so
the so the British citizens settlers do
that so what it really does and it's
really important you know when people
say that that it's what the meant the
National Guard they haven't read the
Constitution it's not hard to find it
that the fact that a standing army was
created in the Constitution and the most
state militias which came to be the
National Guard exactly in the
description in the Constitution is what
the National Guard does today is
provided for in the Constitution so why
would this amendment in an end
vidual right Bill of Rights be put there
if it's not meant to be an individual
right I think it is MIT it was meant
that's why it has to be questioned and
we do have the sanctification of the US
Constitution which is abnormal most
countries don't even have a constitution
like Great Britain and they get along
fine they have laws you know they don't
have a constitution Frances had many
every generation practically they have a
new constitution a whole new one they
don't just amendment and the when he set
it up for amendments it you know it can
take a lifetime or Never there's still
not on equal rights of Emma because so
many states have to do it and then it
has passed three-fourths of Congress and
it's you know it's an impossible task
and and they're actually very few
amendments to the Constitution and to
the Civil War you know to end slavery
and take that out and it took a you know
huge movements to to get women's right
to vote and this is you know it's it's
not easy to to amend the Constitution
