from a 5:01 area code who's this where
you come from
Sam this is Blake I'm from Searcy
Arkansas how you doing hello Blake
what's on your mind well I wanted to
investigate what you guys are talking
about with the the children's have
ordered a little bit more do you do all
their in the studio agrees that that
illegal should be turned away at the
border or sent back at the verities do I
think that I don't know what you mean by
illegals do I think the people who are
undocumented if they're seeking asylum
my first response would be no they
should have the right on and they do
under US law to to go through an asylum
process where we determine whether or
not their claims are valid I would
expand the claims particularly from
where they are as of today that would be
valid for those people who are entering
into this country without documentation
it is a civil crime and should they be
deported I mean personally I think that
we have plenty of space for for new
immigrants I do think that we could be
doing more to get less push going rather
than a poll you know so that people who
are coming here aren't just coming here
because they're trying to escape escape
some hard conditions but they actually
have interest in coming but so but
continue they are well they're
undocumented if they're coming in and
they're going across the border without
documentation they're undocumented but
if they're walking up to the border and
they're saying I'm seeking asylum then
though that term undocumented means
nothing because we have a process of
asylum seekers here you know the idea of
like a Russian athlete a Soviet a soviet
athlete coming here in 1982 and saying
you know i'm a hockey player but i want
political asylum here and that's going
well you're not
documented as soon as you say that we're
gonna kick you out of the country is
absurd and it's really the same dynamic
well okay so do you believe that these
people that come across since they are
undocumented regardless of what
documents they may or may not have that
it's probably pretty hard to verify that
those children are there particularly if
they're teenage children
are you asking me if we can believe that
these children belong to these people
who are coming I would say common sense
says of course is it possible is it
possible this guy's an uncle and this is
my nephew or this is my niece because
his parents or her parents have died and
I am their legal guardian yes I suppose
but the idea that these are these kids
are just randomly paired up with these
people I would find that very very hard
to believe good can I give my listen are
you are you aware that the cartel
controls about 80% of the illegal
immigration across the southern border
okay now giving that or even a range
there in would you allow that you know
probably some of these people aren't
exactly telling the truth I would
imagine that yes in any if you collect
any number of people in any circumstance
whether they're a caller to this program
or whether they're going to buy a car or
sell a car or whether they're showing up
at the border seeking asylum that yes
there are certain people who will be
telling lies and not truth in fact if
you just put presidents in a room I
think you'll find people who are telling
lies so if you have if you have a mixed
group of people that may or may not be
telling the truth
with a company or unaccompanied minors
coming across the southern border which
at this point happens to be a crime what
now excuse me sir excuse me we define
crime for me what's that define what you
mean by crime because uh that is no
proper feature to come into this country
when you come into this country for the
first time without documentation it is a
civil violation a crime right no no I
don't know you call that a crime I don't
know is it a crime to get a speeding
ticket
you committed a credit card you pay you
pay if I'm it goes on your record
speeding tickets a crime okay it's a
pretty broad definition of crime but
okay but but even if all these you ever
said before have you ever said before
you ever gotten a speeding ticket look
at that
have you ever gotten a speeding ticket
am i yeah
are you talking to me yes you sir have
you ever gotten a speeding ticket so
you're a criminal yeah you're criminal I
just want you to know I'm gonna just
take what you put your criminal criminal
okay so tell me you don't worry about
what's coming from the criminal mind
[Laughter]
I'll finish the thought so even if even
if all these children belong to the
people who say they do yeah even if they
do regardless of the age and I'm I've
been told I've seen reporting of this is
a lot of teenagers well if they come and
they in their house with their families
how do you how do you segregate a family
or children from other adults who you
may not you obviously don't know the
identity of where they came from why
they're here well this is this is what
you could do I mean if you're suggesting
that it would be really difficult to in
turn these people and keep these
families together this is what you can
do it is exactly what was done up until
about two months ago is you could put
ankle bracelets on these folks and say
do you have a place to stay yes I do
it's with my cousins who who've been
living in this country that's been done
there are multiple resources or
oversight is there to track what may be
what do you
million and a half immigrants coming
across the border if you have the
ability to house them
in pens are you telling me you don't
have the ability to put electronic
bracelets on them it would be a holding
position they don't hold position what
are you talking about holding position
how long on the book how long barely at
six weeks now is it six weeks I think
it's not even a longer so why they are
yeah whether or not they're asylum
claims are legit there's a court process
for that right so so going back to what
I said at the very least of all my
points what do you do with the children
do you have them with I just told you
that you let the families go don't
excuse me you let the families go
you put a bracelet on them so that you
can track them and make sure that they
come back for their court proceedings
and they cut it off and you never see
them again
what is that that what happens at
electronic pace let's you've there a lot
of the same scenario that that everybody
was taught up in arms about about the
1500 lost children they were given to
family members and the family members
quit it's in fact no it's a different
it's a different situation they were not
obligated to keep in charge of those of
those kids it was a big deal it was
misreported okay here's the thing
from the criminal mind like yours right
I mean you have added to committing
crimes I don't know what other crimes do
but go ahead
I bet do you take drugs have you ever
taken Jamila's you've never you've never
known an age drink before you were legal
when I was 8 yes I saw a crime arch arch
criminal the speeding the speeding the
criminal stuff look we didn't have to
create concentration camps for people
two months ago for children so there's
no reason to believe that we need to do
it now
right I'm trying to reduce this down if
it was effective
before was it well we had net a little
negative immigration net negative
immigration across the border okay
as if we could keep track of it so
you're telling me a million and a half
wait a second a million and a half
people come across the border but
somehow we can't keep track of it so
what is it is it a million and a half oh
we can't keep track of the inflow and
outflow accurately oh we can just keep
track of the inflow is that it I would
assume so what what do you mean you
assume so you just gave me the number
and you told me we can't keep track of
it Sam how many times you're gonna
switch to go post here what I just told
you we had net negative immigration you
can google it and look it up but he told
me there's no way to keep track of that
right after you totally how many are
coming in according to US government the
government you hate you know listen and
you don't believe in the liar in chief
mmm so wait a second so do you not
believe in that liar in chief or do you
have you ask out amount do you hate the
US government No then why won't you
accept their numbers when they when they
say it's net negative I don't think
anybody has an accurate idea of anything
right nobody has an accurate idea of
anything it's going on except for you
believe that and then you call to
espouse some opinion which is based upon
that and you have no idea about I have
no idea about what anything besides
committing crimes sir
I think he's proven that he has can I
blow your mind for a second you are not
you are not equipped to talk about you
fail dude if there's nothing more to say
here and you don't even understand you
don't even understand that you failed
like we
about what situation with the children
that you guys keep talking about right
and so you're in favor of locking up
children in these prisons separating
from them from people that you can't
verify that are their parents so leave
your argument so let me just see if I
let me just see if I get this clearly
the reason why you think that these
these children should be separated from
their parents is that you do not believe
the claim of Parenthood should you if
they're under no no no just to answer my
question now the question answer it I
just want to get this straight so that
we can bullet point this for people so
when people say how is it the people
justify separating children from their
parents and in the answer can be well
this guy doesn't believe that there are
actually their parents he thinks this is
some type of happened where whose kids
do you think they belong to how do you
think human trafficking happens I know
how human trafficking happens whose kid
do you think visit so you are suggesting
let me just got this let me get this let
me get this let me get this correct and
frankly a lot of them do have
identification but you don't care about
that so your assumption is that these
kids should be separated because they're
being humanely tracked their human
traffic victims is that it some of them
are how many you you just said you're
making an assertion separate from there
all the parents are in process like a
man and tell me hold on stand up like a
man I'm gonna hang up on you stand up
like a man you stand up like a man you
tell me how many you're saying you're
protecting these kids you tell me how
many of these how many of these kids are
being human traffic tell me right now
do you know you are making the assertion
that any of them are oh no I can't say
it's zero you're making the assertion
I'm saying that if the vast majority of
these kids are who they say alright so
your plan is we're going that's we're
gonna separate these kids despite the
fact that everything we know about these
kids coming from people are that they
are suffering there you're going to
decide in your mind to justify it that
they are actually being human track
traffic I get news for you you're a
piece of garbage you're a criminal piece
of garbage you're a criminal piece of
garbage hey blow your mind for a second
okay just I just don't know this guy
doesn't I love Italy like he knows for a
fact that they cut off and but does not
know out of here I was gonna tell
him my answer to the first question is
no I don't believe that immigrants
should be turned away at the border I
want to abolish the state so
maybe you should listen to reasonable
folks like Sam before people like me
come along and just he's just very
butters there's no reason here this is a
sadistic scumbag who's making up reasons
who doesn't have who doesn't even have
the fortitude to stand up and say like
look I don't care about these kids get a
make up some fake some fake
that I'm protecting kids from being
human traffic because these aren't
really their parents there's 2,000
people are coming across with their kids
and they're pretending that these are
their kids because why wouldn't they he
just wants to help the children it's
just I what kind of do you
listen to oh I know what kind of
 you listen to let's play this
 and I would also say one
other thing these child actors weeping
and crying on all the other networks
24/7 right now do not fall for it mr.
president I get very nervous about the
president grows news from TV because I
also have an idea I don't know if well I
don't know Yorker
is not a conservative publication they
describe I told you we wouldn't get away
these kids are being I'm so sorry we
have to go given scripts to read by
liberals according to The New Yorker
don't all four the actor children with
there you go maybe they're all actors
these children this is just a big
casting call what a coward
what an incredible coward you have to be
to call in and tell me that this is
about protecting kids from child
traffickers you got to be kidding me you
gotta be kidding me
no I mean okay I forget who said this
but every border implies the violence of
maintaining it it does but in addition
to that there are matters of decrees and
I think we can all acknowledge that's
what's happening now is far worse far
worse than what was happening before but
like this is something that is a problem
with the concept of the state in the
first place and long term horizon like
there's a reason there's a reason why
leftists have issues with borders and
the state to begin with I don't want to
put tracking bracelets on people I think
people have a right to flow wherever
they want to so I listen I have I would
expand legal immigration significantly
we can certainly absorb these folks and
but there is a big gulf between that and
having to you know do this the children
certainly I wanted support that guy
exactly that's what I want I think
people are not focusing on the major
takeaway from that call we need to which
is deport that guy I just can only stay
if it's enforcing crimes against
immigrants yeah that's right
I would actually totally that's that's
the type of third way public-private
initiative that I'll implement
come on president
