there's always about the dogs over at a
stuff because this is huge
I was listening yesterday to two
Limbaugh and Hannity and this is the
story ladies and gentlemen the story is
is that project for Veritas has
uncovered something that just about
anybody who did a little bit of reading
or listening to experts knew about
social media and that is you are the
product they suck up all your data and
then they sell it and the way they
police their product are through
algorithms that look for certain
indicators that may suggest that you are
somewhat problematic for them and in the
event that they're going to get sued
they will have some type of defense in
which to or lose advertising revenue
that they're going to have defense and
apparently project for Veritas and James
O'Keefe have blown the lid off of this
now the interesting thing is the way
that they're using it they're using
these rather but now revelations as some
way of saying that conservatives have
been targeted and let me tell you
something if you're someone and I'm not
going to name any names but if you're
someone let's just I'm gonna do your
name's Dave right whatever just some
random name like Dave if you have a
youtube channel you're Dave or John
Smith or Dave I don't know Rogers or rub
it rub minh or whatever and you're
noticing that a lot of your content
seems to be getting flagged by an
algorithm it's not because this
algorithm has its own minded it's that
the algorithm is set up to have no
subjectivity and all it is is that there
are
relationships or keywords or metadata
that is flagging it for you
so for instance let's say so many of
your viewers also enjoy let's say racist
stuff then the algorithm is going to
know this and it's gonna assume that
you're catering to those people and so
certain words that may not trigger a a
review on monetization for let's say a
video from us where our audience are not
a bunch of racists and we say the words
like hood let's say people are gonna
it's not gonna flag but if you've got a
lot of racists hood may mean something
very different to them so just as just
FYI but meanwhile here's a project very
top over a toss and on their blockbuster
twitter find now Jack Dorsey CEO of
Twitter this message is for you every
Monday morning you get your coffee at
Blue Bottle on Market Street in San
Francisco a few times you've interacted
with some artists homeless people
businessmen who may or may not have been
some of our undercover journalists you
may recall a few of these interactions
remember what you said we do I was
watching from the yoga studio across the
courtyard a few of these times you may
want to think about which of your
employees also interacted with some of
these same people and what they got to
creep again jack take the weekend to
think about it American problem now the
best part about that video released on a
Sunday yes you didn't why he wanted a
shortened weekend take actually they
just did take the afternoon to because I
know that you're subscribed by he does I
think in every one of the Bourne movies
there's that part where Matt Damon's
like actually I was watching this the
whole time well that's what he wants but
his videos have a lot of like doctor dr.
evil effect yeah there's a lot of like
$100,000 to it
hmm you are getting your coffee and I
was at a yoga studio and all I can think
is like every slay it every single woman
in the United States should just get a
restraining order no creative one that's
all I could think every time I figure
you were getting your coffee and I was
at a yoga studio why was I at a yoga
studio I don't know don't ask me
questions I was just there I was
watching you from the yoga studio I was
pretending to do it downward dog in my
hipster glasses disguise
you got a cappuccino and didn't get
sugar in it he's got a cappuccino and
then that woman next to me in the yoga
studio is wearing hot pants and it was
so hot was crazy and I actually got and
I kept looking at you and I kept looking
at her and a reflection and you know if
I ever watched by James O'Keefe and
those stupid glasses like oh hey James
Rick like like what kind of disguise is
that I'm like oh you're the to
fake videos that had a hit and two
thought that actor Jack Dorsey would be
like oh my god is that James O'Keefe oh
no he's wearing glasses James O'Keefe
doesn't have glasses right all right so
but it doesn't end there folks wait till
you see what Jack Dorsey was supposed to
be super afraid of apparently twitter
has algorithms and they have access to
all the information that you put on
Twitter even if it's DM
do you understand this this is this is
incredible when you go on Twitter and
you sign in and you sign the terms that
say we own all of your information and
all of your work product here is
actually ours you you're actually giving
them access to all of those things
pardon me one moment please
[Music]
pause it like did you realize this folks
that when you send dick pics on a DM on
Twitter it actually goes through the
Twitter servers do you realize this I
mean like I had no idea what has zero
idea it's only a young Indian gentleman
that's always exposed drunkenly
explaining it yeah you a scam fake
journalist outfit I mean is anybody even
like remotely surprised by this well I
have some speculation about this I think
that there might be and I emphasize my
an unusual degree of highly of very low
intelligent high probability aspiring
pedophiles and the project Veritas
audience so this might be very relevant
oh my god no idea I thought that the
public stuff was what was available but
now you're telling me they got there my
Pook and seeing sample DMS I had no idea
on our side is actually big terrified
I can be terrifying positive positive so
he's just said like we can see
everything you do which is like that's
almost like material that you would try
and say to someone if you're impressing
them on a date like it is so obvious
that oh we have a server we have a
system maybe it's obvious to me just
because like look hey folks guess what
when you log into our system and you
become a member we can see stuff like
your address
cuz you put it in the system you become
member of the majority of the point me
up if you have it with you entire poll
Melling address system okay all right
continue because this guy's and it's
like this guy's trying to impress the
like the like we can see all of it and
people just like wow this is actually
unintentional expose of just the sort of
sad bleak realities to the can value and
the people who work there an invasion
and at a collective invasion of all of
our privacy's by pernicious corporations
that we accept every single exactly like
the more I mean we've had multiple
guests on this program who have said
this basically over and over again when
you're using a free service you're the
product you are the product
who cares if we ever get subpoenaed
mostly law enforcement and also pump
system history all right pause it
so he's why do you keep all this data
about the the passwords in the stuff oh
you know for law enforcement if we get
subpoenaed if there's any pedophiles dr.
Brody burger does video I know I know
the damn who got their private section
it says direct message that's why I
didn't know gold and Josh damn Chris
Hansen out Rhythm Machine routed all the
dates James O'Keefe ooh too slow let's
try it is very creepy big brother-ish
and you know who else would have said
that a reporter for Mashable or or
somebody who's written 5,000 think
pieces for Wired not a creep set up shop
at a yoga studio across the street
telling you your coffee order hold on
here I've set up I've set up I've set up
a Observatory post from a yoga studio
and I can see the newsstand across the
street the selling copies of Wired
magazine that told this very story 50
times this II heard of how much data is
being sucked out by social media but now
I'm going to edge my way over to the
locker rooms and just see if I can look
in as they open the door in the yoga
studio but also keep an eye on those
wired magazines from across the street
guys you go get the Twitter people drunk
and get them to confirm the obvious that
everybody knows I'm gonna stay in the
yoga studio just sort of check out
what's there's an episode of computer
today did I my
breakin 200 vines your likes for ad yeah
whoa it's so creepy someone dropped the
towel over there I'm just gonna go over
there and smell that bio nobody drop the
towel over there I'm just gonna go over
there and smell it uh you know I'm not
gonna say what the amount is but there's
a dollar amount and I think it's
probably a lot less than people would
assume where if someone said quit your
show I want you to make full-time james
o'keefe parody videos and I'm gonna pay
you but I would do that for the rest of
my life like do you remember what you
say my my happiness level yeah like you
think like here I am the locker room the
flow yoga studio master baby when I look
at girls changed the people wheels have
liked you at the same time I'll be great
it's like each thing reveals like Here I
am
an adjacent to a girl that claims she
never met me but I consider to be my
ex-girlfriends apartment I'm tracking
all of her movements and yours jack mmm
does she remember what she said
do you remember what you said because I
do do you remember how many downward
dogs were done yesterday at this Hugo's
in this yoga studio
I do Here I am stealing some eucalyptus
essential oil some oil to masturbate
well I watched him walk him like
excluding the camera there as well it
has to be him just exposing already
known like corporate liberties taken on
people it should be it should be it
should be a mash-up of him inadvertently
revealing that he's engaging like
multiple acts like stalking and
invasions of privacy and then being like
Facebook sells ads based off of your
life Instagram feeds advertisements to
you based off of who you follow we're
blowing up the story today there's also
some footage at the woman's locker room
I was trapped in an air vent staring
down from above
[Laughter]
where is it that was that clip of
somebody who is talking from inside the
from from a locker that was Ben Shapiro
very single we did someone finally shove
him in a locker
though that was a brilliant piece of
work because the guy just was remix
thing do you have it still oh this is
brilliant we did this I mean oh is it
with Rob Weissman I guess I don't know
who he is I feel like this is the story
of every single but the story James
O'Keefe was defied I mean this is
perfect for God the only way that he
should be heard the only way hi folks
Sam cedar here we still need your help
on our patreon page YouTube ABS have
come back but not nearly as much as we
had before so if you can help us out any
little bit helps head over to our
patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
