[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex
Zoma chart a report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Monday September 24th 2018 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal and
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today new
accusers royal the Cavanaugh nomination
as he preps his calendars meanwhile rod
Rosenstein fired or resigned or we don't
know yet
on the Republican Justice - Senate
Justice Committee the staffer fired over
past sexual harassment problems
meanwhile a right-wing operative on a
leave of absence after a desperate pro
kavanah conspiracy theory falls apart
turns out it was a Raytheon lobbyist now
a top state department advisor behind
the Yemen war support over a two billion
dollar arms deal jeff sessions has a new
scheme to attack lawful immigrants south
carolina besieged by floods following
hurricane florence former trump aide
dosed his mistress with an abortion pill
that's nice allegedly allegedly bill
cosby set for sentencing this week
[Music]
three quarters of the overdose deaths in
Ohio can now be attributed to fentanyl
and to round out your week if we don't
include Saturday's deadline for the
government to shut down Donald Trump
will be heading the UN Security Council
this week enjoy all this and if you can
believe it more on today's program folks
obviously sort of an insane news Day
weekend ongoing the Cavanagh hearings I
think as we last left you on Friday were
still scheduled to be on Monday by
Friday afternoon Ford and her team was
given till 10:00 p.m. Friday night to
agree to show up on Monday that was
extended and so ultimately where we're
at now is that Cavanaugh will be
testifying and Ford will be testifying
on Thursday I believe there is a deal
that is hammered out although I don't
know all of the details as of yet we
will get back to that subsequent to that
of course there was a big story in The
New Yorker about a second woman who had
accusations stemming from her time at
Yale with Brett Kavanaugh subsequent or
simultaneously Michael avenatti was
claiming to have a client who had
knowledge of some horrible sounding
things that Mike Judge Mark judge the
woman that Blasi Ford put in the room
with Kavanagh during high school Mark
judge was involved with which was
at the very least hinted at in The New
Yorker story we will talk about that
connection as well people have a bit of
a jaundiced eye towards avenatti and I
think that's a I think that's fairly
legitimate I mean we should be skeptical
of of all this stuff at one point though
the preponderance of of evidence becomes
fairly impressive and then of course
while that was happening there were two
other stories one of a an esteemed
right-wing think-tank er who had a
blockbuster theory of a doppelganger I
mean this is starting to sound like some
type of parody that quickly fell apart
there is legitimate reason to question
who was involved in trying to promote
that story which also libeled another
individual in addition a key staffer on
Chuck Grassley's team at the Senate
Judiciary Committee turned out to have a
sexual harassing past and so he had to
step down and there's more of course
okay
so right now rod Rosenstein is headed to
the White House there have been multiple
reports that rod Rosenstein who is the
acting AG in terms of the massive Russia
investigation and the Matt the Russian
investigation is expansive just a
refresher the Russian investigation
existed before Robert Muller
it was perhaps at that time it was a I
believe strictly a national security
investigation the FBI was involved then
of course Comey is fired
there may have been some pursuit of
criminal of a criminal investigation at
that point Comey is fired sessions is
recused rod Rosenstein oversees Muller
who is appointed as the special counsel
and and so just to catch you up with
that
so if rod Rosenstein is fall fired or
resigns now my understanding is it is
relevant not just because of the optics
of Donald Trump firing rod Rosenstein
and it making it look like he is
actively obstructing an investigation
but according to the federal vacancies
Reform Act Trump has the power to
appoint an acting AG if it's a
resignation if he's fired
it becomes a little bit more murky now I
don't know who stops that from happening
right I mean I guess you would go to the
DC Circuit Court and maybe that would go
up to the Supreme Court it's unclear I
mean that's when we talk about having a
constitutional crisis this is what we
mean that there's no clear way that this
gets these things get resolved there is
also some question as to who would
replace rod Rosenstein broadly speaking
people say Francisco this guy Francisco
who is the Solicitor General however
this Francisco is a member of a law firm
that apparently has some at Jones Day
that apparently has some connection to
the Russian investigation so Knoll
Francisco would probably have to be
recused
from the Russia investigation Jones day
which is his former firm I guess
represents the Trump campaign Francisco
has recused himself in all Supreme Court
cases if it is not Francisco who you
should also know is a federalist society
guy it could go to Steven angle who is
the assistant attorney general for and
heads the OLC this is the office of this
is the office of legal counsel which
essentially functions as an arbiter for
the president as to you know giving him
legal advice it's legal for you to do
this it's not legal for you to do this
this is where Wu was you know saying
torture is okay etc etc Steven angle
also a federalist society also former
clerk for Kaczynski the federal judge
who had to resign amid sexual harassment
charges so the Federalist Society has
done a pretty good job of inserting
their folks into government meanwhile I
said on Chris Hayes program I don't know
a couple months ago that Sean Hannity
was now arguably one of the most
important advisors to the president I
took a little bit of grief for that here
is Sean Hannity on his radio program on
I believe September 11th Mike in Detroit
Mike hi how are you hello Sean it's good
to speak with you a longtime listener I
love your Fox show I'm going to try to
be real quick because I got a couple of
quick questions all right
thumpa staff so many people in his porn
are ready to fight anything he can turn
over or declassify I can't understand
why he wouldn't do it
what's he waiting for one of his kids
to get indicted or something and if they
do get a special counts to look into the
investigators can it be stopped by the
Democrats if they take the house and or
Senate and something else I thought
about if they're for the investigation
the especial counts begin with they were
supposed to be a crime
designated if there's no crime
designated then can't Trump put an end
to it yeah I think 30 30 days name the
crime or appointment into it put them on
their heels listen I think all of that's
gonna happen I think it's going to
happen sooner than later I don't think
it's gonna happen on a week where 9/11
happened it's to me there's other things
that we are more important to talk about
and I don't think with a big massive
hurricane about to hit the east coast of
the United States that looks like the
real deal that that anybody's gonna be
focused on that we've got to worry about
our neighbors right now we got to roll
up our sleeves and be prepared to help
out the people of South Carolina and
North Carolina and elsewhere that's
where our focus is but afterwards I
would I would expect that he will do
that I mean so he's he's getting pretty
specific right we said we wouldn't do it
on this week but nobody called Sean
Hannity there you go Chris lopaka evil
twin indeed we will get more into the
story that came out by the New York
Times at the beginning of the weekend
that wrote rod Rosenstein as The Times
wrote it sounded like he was involved in
some type of cabal to wiretap the
president subsequent to that the stories
from the Washington Post and others made
it clear that this was very dubious we
will get into that in a moment then of
course we will turn to everything that's
going on with the Cavanaugh nomination
which we maybe just I mean I don't know
if I would bet that there's going to be
a hearing on Thursday
all that said if you like the stories
you hear on this show we think you're
gonna like the Sierra Club's new
storytelling podcast the land I trust
season 2 of the land I trust is out now
it brings you storytellers from across
the western US who share their
experiences in harvesting protecting and
living with the four natural elements
water fire wind and air the series has
14 tales of individuals across the
western part of the country as they
share their tales of climate change
clean energy and everything in between
each year the Sierra Club visits a
different region of the country for a
new set of stories season one stories
from the American South they talk to
musicians families farmers and climate
refugees helping to move this south from
coal ash pollution to a brighter cleaner
future you can listen to the land I
trust that beyond coal org slash star
stories that's beyond coal org slash
stories or on Apple podcast stitcher
google play wherever you get your
podcasts check out season two of the
land I trust today all right so let's
just go in and deal with this rod
Rosenstein first before we get to more
of the Cavanaugh stuff so the times came
out with a story on Friday I guess it
was happening mid-afternoon that rod
Rosenstein suggested that he secretly
this is the first lines of the of this
that he secretly record President Trump
in the White House to expose the chaos
consuming the administration and he
discussed recruiting cabinet members to
invoke the 25th amendment to remove
Trump from office for being unfit now
the problem with his story and it was
amazing to me the people who did not
read this story carefully enough and
actually thought that the sources they
were getting for this Times piece was
from the DOJ or the FBI
but if you read the story carefully
you'll see that's not where they got
their sources mr. roat and this is about
four paragraphs down and this was in the
the days after the firing of coaming and
the president divulging classified
intelligence to the Russians in the Oval
Office remember that one now as I
mentioned it actually right Rosen Stein
was two weeks into his job and
Rosenstein was apparently upset when
Trump had cited his memo is the reason
why Comey was fired mr. Rosen Stein made
these remarks about secretly recording
mr. Trump now remember what they said
right they they characterized how why
rod Rosenstein wanted not only that he
wanted to record president Trump but as
to why to expose the chaos consuming the
administration he made the remarks about
secretly recording mr. Trump and about
the 25th amendment in meetings and
conversations with other Justice
Department and FBI officials and then
here's here's where you got to read
carefully several people described the
episodes in interviews over the past
several months system on anonymity to
discuss the internal deliberations okay
so it sounds like they heard from people
who were actually involved in those
discussions but the people were briefed
briefed either on the events themselves
or on memos written by the FBI officials
including Andrew McCabe that documented
mr. Rosen's iins actions or comments so
in other words these people spoke to
people who were there and then those
people spoke to The Times or they spoke
to people
who
who were not there who simply read
andrew McCabe's memo you see the problem
here right is somewhere along the lines
having a first person's perspective on
what was said and how it was said was
absent from this story and whoever The
Times trusted to relate to them this
information that existed clearly twisted
it in a way that they wanted to because
it comes out hours later the Washington
Post has spoken to someone who is
actually there with rod Rosenstein and
he actually turned to Andrew McCabe who
was there and said so what Andy we're
gonna we're gonna wire the president
remember when Hillary and the whole bomb
or drone Julian Assange thing happened
there's a similar sort of thing yeah the
words are there but without the context
of of what they are actually meaning you
could make this story sound like he was
trying to wire the president when the
reality is he's looking at someone
saying calm down dude what are you gonna
do why are the president not what are
you gonna do why are the president but
this now of course whatever we shake it
unfair well this ends up being the
premise under which why right now Rosen
Stein is headed to the White House to
either negotiate or to basically say to
the president you're gonna have to fire
me sir I'm not quitting Thank You New
York Times
hashtag resist exactly
they were super psyched to get this
story and there were other people out
there who were very quick to sort of say
like there were FBI DOJ sources no there
weren't there were people who knew FBI
or DOJ sources and then we're relating
that information like telephone like a
game of telephone later so read
carefully folks and look there's some
people who argue that you don't need to
fire Muller if you're Trump you can
because of his reporting requirements to
the acting AG the acting AG could very
well slow down Muller's investigation by
just larding requirements on to Muller I
would imagine that Muller's already
contemplated this and that by the time
you get if you do get Democrats coming
into the continent to house you know in
a couple of months less effective so
they may end up firing Muller we just
don't know at this point we just you
know and I would be surprised if part of
this wasn't driven by the fact that they
don't want people to pay attention to
Kavanagh Mitch McConnell did you play
that Mitch McConnell thing on Friday
where he said he was gonna blow through
this thinking yeah we should get that no
we should play that way all right
just trying to figure out where we start
with this because it's a there's a lot
of information here is Mitch McConnell
he said this when when did he say this
okay so Mitch McConnell says this on the
21st this is on that that's Friday right
okay and for at least a couple of weeks
maybe I guess a week
Republican a senior Republican aides
learned of the claims made by a woman
Debbie Ramirez so this was at the least
at the beginning of last week as
Republicans are desperately trying to
speed up the Cavanaugh nomination vote
Mitch McConnell must have known by
Friday that this story in The New Yorker
was about to break and here he is at the
Christian health care ministries
conference speaking to them talking
about Brett Kavanaugh who's been accused
of some fairly non Christian behavior
you've watched the fight you've watched
the tactics but here's what I want to
tell you in the very near future
judge Cavanaugh will be on the United
States Supreme Court
so my friends keep the faith don't get
rattled by all of this we're gonna plow
right through it and do our job that's
right
nice choice of words there yeah Jesus
this their struggle is gonna be for
naught we're just gonna do it right now
remember in shuttler ostensibly the
Republicans want to get to the truth of
this matter which apparently was
preordained before Mitch McConnell got
up there Mitch McConnell also knew at
that moment that there was a second
accusation of sexual misconduct that was
about to break now there's multiple
theories here Mitch McConnell never
liked Brett Kavanaugh as a pic sort of
knew that there was a lot of problems
with Brett Kavanaugh I've said it before
it might have been just a Matt
of coincidence that there was all of
these female-oriented commercials saying
what a great guy Brett Kavanaugh I was
and about how they you know they made
him a soccer dad or coached an all-girls
basketball team and he could remember
all of their names he could remember all
day they were all distinct human
individuals to them he's a certain sense
he's so obsessed with teenage girls how
could he possibly be a creep indeed and
he was great in a car pool which is
really helpful he's actually like doing
the traditional mom roles right and so
maybe it was a huge coincidence maybe it
was that they wanted to show that he
wouldn't repeal roe v-- wade which seems
a little bit dubious to me like why
didn't they roll this stuff out with
gorsek why didn't go why was there no
yeah surely Neil Korsak has one female
friend who could get up there and say
he's a really good guy actually I think
we've just exposed the well stole in our
argument right it's possible he has none
but surely they could have found someone
who could pretend for that moment but
they were really concerned about this
Mitch McConnell is also concerned about
the enormous amount of documents that
Cavanaugh was involved with in the Bush
administration so Mitch McConnell never
a fan of Cavanaugh's knows that there's
a whole host of folks like Brett
Cavanaugh just as reactionary some
instances maybe worse some instances
maybe better from the perspective of
normal people nevertheless maybe maybe
Mitch McConnell who felt that his
keeping Merrick garland off the Supreme
Court with an open Supreme Court seat
when Donald Trump ran was the reason why
Donald
one we don't talk about that much but
there's a lot of data that suggests
those same people that Mitch McConnell
was talking to the Christian base came
out because there was an open seat on
the Supreme Court and we read the other
day that story about how Republican
voters don't see any stakes in this the
Democrats supposedly are afraid that an
open seat will generate more interest on
the Republican side supposedly the the
Republicans are afraid that's going to
demoralize their base so if I'm Mitch
McConnell and I know we're gonna cut
Brett Kavanaugh loose I'm gonna get up
there and I'm gonna make it sound like I
am putting a hundred and ten percent on
the field but what can you do the
feminazi is one I don't know that's just
a theory as to what's going on here I
don't I don't pretend to think that any
of these players think that they have
control over this process I think they
put stuff out there and they hope you
know that things go according to a
certain trajectory but you never know
certainly nobody knew what Ed Whelan was
up to and we will get to that story in a
