[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
conference rooms of any ELISA they are
unanimous for me we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar
it is Monday November 13 2017 my name is
Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today Trump
has a mid-pacific trip meltdown
meanwhile the Republicans cut the riches
taxes planned getting closer to passage
tonight is wit night in the house in
Iran along the iran/iraq border massive
earthquake kills over 400 people back in
the States
Trump installs a tax dodging expert as
the head of the IRS he's got a big
question - whether or not to let Robert
Mercer off the hook for seven billion
dollars worth of tax liability hmm I
wonder how that's gonna play out
meanwhile in Alabama Roy more defiant
not the least of which because a
significant percentage of southerners
and evangelicals are sociopaths the
election integrity commission sued by an
election integrity member the federal
judiciary will be the hidden disaster of
the Trump era
speaking of not-so-hidden disasters we
have midwife one in Yemen that could be
unprecedented and in Poland massive
protests or celebrations I should say
seek to purify themselves of Jews and
Muslims happy Polish Independence Day
all this and more on today's program
we'll take your phone calls and im's
early today - I think I think I'm not
gonna promise so well I I'm in favor of
it but I can't promise Oh
sometimes it happens sometimes doesn't
in a certain sense we should say that
there is reports that we're hearing that
there may be more another accusation
about Roy Moore that will drop today
unclear what that is we'll see but we
will we should also say that apparently
Mitch McConnell and we don't sound of
that doing Mitch McConnell said I think
you should step aside as of today okay
all right well we'll play that in a bit
and I think it's because they're
starting to see the same polling that
others are seeing which suggests that
Roy Moore may be in trouble
in Alabama I don't see how they get him
out of there unless it's like some type
of very very nice cynic here maybe like
he he ends up usually did something nice
for a black person once no no no I'm
saying that maybe they they end em I
don't know what a guy like that would
want other than probably it appears like
to be set up in a nice job where it gets
access to younger women he wants but I
suspect that this is this is there's not
much else they can't even charge some
hustler clubs right indie does more
there's a bobble in here bah we will get
to that in a moment first let's just
play something that is sort of fun so
Donald Trump is
was that the Association of Southeast
Asian Nations summit and apparently they
do a special I don't know
hug they do like a sort of like their
version I know that I don't know what
happens now but certainly when back when
I was 13 at all the bar mitzvahs they
would everybody would do the hustle and
everybody would put their hands on the
shoulders of people in front of them and
then you you I think you kicked a left
kick to the right I'm not exactly sure
what it was to be honest because I yeah
I was a little bit anti disco at the
time but be that as it may
apparently they do a version of this at
the Association of Southeast Asian
summit where they hold hands now what do
you do if the main stories are the ones
I read off today which involve a tax
plan that cuts the taxes of the
extremely wealthy in this country you've
got a Senate candidate that significant
amount of the Republican Party is
standing behind even though it is clear
and we'll talk about that CNN do we have
that CNN clip of the friend who said
yeah yeah I sent that to you guys of the
CNN guy who friends oh yeah it was
well-known it was always we always
thought it was weird that he liked
younger girls I mean it said it's quite
clear what do you talk about well do you
talk about the fact that Donald Trump is
getting on Twitter and calling the
leader of North Korea fat no you don't
didn't call him fat he held off of
calling in fact is he's trying to be his
friend right your facts straight there
you go do you do you do you raise the
specter no what you do is you say he is
being attacked because someone took a
photo of him here is Fox and Friends
delving into this thing going into the
weeds it's no secret that the New York
Times has not been very friendly to this
president or to this administration we
have a perfect example so the president
was traveling ever is traveling on this
Asia tour look at this photo this was
published by the New York Times
photographer Doug Mills he tweeted out
this photo and this was that I should
just tell you that there is a photo of
these leaders including Donald Trump in
the middle crossing their hands
apparently he had a tough time crossing
his hands doing this he had to do it
like two or three times but that's
that's not you know I guess that happens
but because he's standing next to the
because he apparently wanted to because
these things don't happen by accident
standing next to the mass murderer right
I think it's fair to call this guy a
mass murderer to tear tey of his own
people Trump can't reach him because
he's short yeah I guess they're both
shorter than him on either side and it
appears as if he is hyper extending his
shoulder like his shoulders gonna pop
out and so he's got a little bit of a
face on that shows concentration he's
got a bit of an awkward grimace and this
of course is basically according to
these guys well I mean let's listen a
family photo of the president with other
world leaders at the associate
Association of southeastern Asian
Nations summit in Manila and if you
watch the video look at this picture
this it looks like the president is
uncomfortable he's not smiling but if
you watch the video do you see that face
i watch the video earlier didn't even
notice that look he's smiling there hey
how you doing talking to the guy and
still smiling say snap the photo when he
was making that that interesting awkward
face well what's interesting about it is
the same photographer who tweeted out
that image of the awkward face president
awkward face is Doug Mills who on Friday
posted a just a blank frame because he
said this is what our coverage looks
like today no coverage that was from the
APEC forum meetings and he was steamed
about that and so the Washington Post
said Monday Mills got his revenge with
the family photo trying to make the
president look awkward right in fact
here is here's what the Washington Post
analysis said the analysis from a story
not an editorial Trump's awkward premise
reveals the messy reality of high stakes
geopolitics that an airbrushed official
portrait of the family would gloss over
photos like these can help remind us
that there are different motivations at
different levels of comfort on the world
stage in at play behind the scenes well
when you watch the video and you see
that photo it's obvious what they're
doing they're trying to portray him as
being awkward like they just said and
they want him to be remembered in this
light here's the thing I think if
there's anything says that by the shota
the photo it's that Medvedev can't do it
he's standing like this he's supposed to
cross her arms if present Trump had gone
like this instead of like this it was
said oh he thinks she's above everybody
it's this America first you know
ultimately Brian after the election mr.
Medvedev would be more flexible by the
way is it president Trump's 46th Deepcut
yeah I mean these guys I guess I guess
we would we always need to do is ignore
every single thing else and if we
ignored all those other things then that
picture would be the one that would
label a president Trump awkward well
it's not that it's not the posture he's
in when he's shaking Duterte his hand
that's the story here it's that he's
obviously excited to be positioned next
to Duterte on stage you this is the way
this works there is no way that that was
not a planned positioning there is when
you take these photos this is everything
Duterte takes that photo back and shows
look Donald Trump straining to shake my
hand he's so excited and that has real
value to a guy like that that's why it
was such a big deal that he was invited
to the White House but let's not talk
about that let's talk about how there's
a hit on a Donald Trump you know try and
make him look awkward god I want to
touch on this I don't you know I
have a lot to say about it but it's an
important story that in this era we
don't you know gets avoided easily you
are aware that for almost two years now
right the Saudis have been bombing Yemen
is it two years it must be almost two
years now
we of course have had our drone program
but there has been intense fighting
where a saudi-led Alliance has been
fighting the Houthis and they have the
sounds have established I guess in their
coalition has blockaded the air land and
sea means in which to get food I guess
to Yemen among other things apparently
since then the already inflated food and
fuel prices have skyrocketed and the UN
now has warned this is after a briefing
at the UN Security Council on Wednesday
of last week the UN's humanitarian chief
said we could be looking at a
catastrophic humanitarian crisis that
has pushed millions of people to the
brink of famine it will not be like the
famine we saw in South Sudan earlier in
the year where tens of thousands of
people affected it will not be like the
famine E which costs 250,000 people
their lives in Somalia in 2011 it will
be the largest famine the world has seen
in many decades with millions of victims
what did the UN Security Council do
nothing
they are doing nothing about this
blockade and there's every reason to
believe they're doing nothing about it
because two members of the BLA of the
council and maybe others who are also
hesitant but two members of that UN
Security Council are Great Britain and
the United States and we have certainly
helped the Saudis in this assault on
Yemen and there's no reason to believe
that our relationship with the Saudi
Arabia right now is not interfering in
the Security Council's ability to react
to what could be the worst humanitarian
crisis in decades
we're just allowing maybe millions of
people to die and just to be really
specific
there are aiding Saudis by among other
things and the United Arab Emirates who
are also flying bombing missions there
with refueling specifically so there
we're helping refuel these planes that
are conducting these operations in Yemen
in addition to blocking any type of
condemnation obviously on the Security
Council in addition to I think it was a
couple months ago approving a new sale
of an incredibly sophisticated arms
package to Saudi Arabia so just to fill
in some details and you know I I mean in
this era you know stories like this get
completely buried
and so I know it's at the very least
call your Congressman your
representatives I mean I don't know
honestly you know other mechanisms to
create pressure but if you're aware of
one send us an email and majority
reporters at gmail.com we're going to
get to the where we are with the tax the
Republican tax plan I think we're gonna
I think this is gonna pass in some form
another I think
past this will also talk about ROI more
in just a moment I also want to get to
the story about the the tax dodger who
has now been installed the head of the
IRS and one of the big things he's got
to do is sit down and figure out how was
Mercer gonna pay his seven million seven
billion dollars worth of tax liability
we may be looking on a pennies pennies
on the dollar type of situation
why doesn't he support my hello anymore
maybe should pay more of his bill back
yeah you know what I have a feeling he
probably owe secretly folks if you're
walk by a newsstand seeing a stunning
magazine cover that makes you want to
stop and peek inside you don't have time
sometimes you're at like the only time I
get to look into magazines is and check
out magazines that wouldn't uh normally
look is at the airport if I get there
early enough right you go you walk
through that whatever Hudson news was in
the airport maybe that's just a New York
that's a New York thing well whatever
they all have their own place and you
check out maybe you find a magazine you
like well you don't need to do that if
you have texture the texture app not
only do you get a peek but you get the
whole magazine plus a limited access to
over 200 additional premium titles like
thyme Atlantic The New Yorker Wired
Family Handyman in my case but you can
look at magazines that you've always
thought I would like to try but I'm not
going to pay that eight dollars for or
twelve dollars for that one magazine at
the airport you pay one fee with texture
and you get access to all these
magazines all the time just imagine
having your favorite magazines and their
archives anytime anywhere to start your
free texture trial go to texture dot-com
slash majority if you choose to continue
you my listeners will get texture for
just $9.99 a month that's 30% off
they're listed priced $9.99 a month and
you get 200 magazines do the math folks
you're making you're making money off of
this practically I mean if you were to
buy those magazines I love texture I've
talked about it before there's a lot of
features in there too that you can sort
of create your own magazine it's a great
gift options are available also for the
holiday season go to texture dot-com
slash majority start your free trial
today
that's texture dot-com slash majority
textured dot-com slash majority folks
you know Casper is a sleep brand that
continues to revolutionize its line of
products to create exceptionally
comfortable sleep experience one night
at a time I think I have what's the
what's the O escapes me now what's that
thing where Freud talked about the
Oedipus complex
I haven't reversed that's basically to
kill your son well he's the only one
with the Casper oh right yeah I don't
like it like I would say yeah but I
would actually like to switch out we
just you would like to kill your son's
mattress privilege yes I would like to
end his privilege over the Casper and
now Casper has three models the original
Casper that's the one we have which i
think is fantastic the wave and the
essential Casper mattresses are
perfectly designed to soothe and cradle
your natural geometry or in my case of
your you know your child's not to
mention the breathable design helps you
sleep cool and regulates your body
temperature throughout the night that's
what I want is my body temperature it's
delivered right to your door and a small
how do they do that size box free
shipping and returns to the US and
Canada the best part they give you
Casper's 100 night risk-free sleep on it
trial
hundred nights if on night 95 you say
you know what 91 through 94 I've been
good but this one last night stunk
sending this back they'll pick it up
I'll send it back no cost to you you
spent one third of your life sleeping
you should be comfortable start sleeping
ahead of the curve with Casper get fifty
dollars toward any mattress purchase by
visiting Casper dot-com slash majority
using majority at the checkout
that's Casper dot-com slash majority
offer code majority for fifty bucks off
your matches purchase terms and
conditions apply
alright let's get into this this story
about the tax plan just briefly I mean
this is gonna be ongoing and the tax
plan right now what it is is largely
hypothetical the house has passed its
bill you know the basic outlines of this
a doubling of the exemption on estate
taxes and then ultimately a phase-out
huge corporate tax breaks also allowing
people to take tax breaks on their pass
throughs and then there's stuff like
we're in the House bill you get taxed on
on tuition breaks that you may get at a
school which is just insane to me
or if you're a teacher you no longer get
deductions for supplies that you spend
in your classrooms there are they raised
some of the tax credits for lower income
people and middle income people but it's
basically a big giveaway to rich people
four hundred millionaires apparently
have said we don't need tax breaks
wake me when four hundred millionaires
write in to say raise our taxes however
eight point three percent of taxpayers
will pay more in taxes in 2019 and 22
percent in 2023 under the House bill and
I Got News for you guess who those
taxpayers are gonna be they're coming
from the lower end of the income
distribution surprise surprise
why are they doing this why are they
raising taxes and why why what in the
world aside from being just a general
a-hole why would you why would you
actually raise i'm almost make being a
grad student impossible that's what
they're doing a big chunk of it is being
a huge a-hole the other part of it is
they need to try and get to the point
where this is deficit neutral beyond ten
years so that they can make these
permanent because of senate rules that
we've talked about i don't know if
they're gonna get there but i think
they'll take their their ten-year i
think they'll take the 10 year tax cuts
like they did during the bush area Bush
era there is some concern by
conservatives well you should just let
if you just let companies write off
their capital investments for five years
it won't spark growth unless this
happens forever because they still
believe in this magic Laffer curve thing
Republicans in New York New Jersey
California some in Illinois still are
worried about the state and local tax
deduction but everything I've been
reading suggests that the Republicans
don't seem to care now remember they've
passed the bill but it's going to go to
the Senate and then it's gonna come back
so it's easier to take this vote right
now cuz it's gonna come back it's gonna
check
in conference but and they're doing a a
whip count in the house tonight I don't
know if they're gonna take like some
type of they have people vote on a bill
or what what it how they do that but
there have been reports that some of the
New York Republicans have not been
approached which suggests that they have
the votes they need in the house the
Senate doesn't allow for any deductions
even with a ten thousand dollar
threshold because senators honors worry
about these things as house members are
so the tax bill has will see a vote in
the Senate Finance Committee within the
next few days the house plans I should
