I think when we left the story out of
Oklahoma and Oklahoma teachers were
highly influenced by what happened in
West Virginia the story out of Oklahoma
was that the state Senate the
legislature had rolled back tax cuts on
things like Alcohol Tobacco and oil
drilling as a way of paying teachers
higher salaries Oklahoma I don't know if
it's number 49 or 50 in terms of what
teachers were making however though the
teachers were granted a pay raise last
month they have they are now into their
second week of a walkout because of the
state school facilities the lack of
equipment the lack of textbooks they
need more spending not just for their
salaries but for actually supporting
education more broadly and here are a
couple of clips this this one is which
one is this do I have this on the list
okay this is a compilation of a bunch of
teachers as to why they're out strike
and we have got a couple more Clips
science and then I also wait tables and
bartenders I'm a high school reports
official literally coach and then I have
another part-time job as an uber driver
you work at
48th in the nation for pay I head coach
to sports I was an adjunct professor I
picked up DJing videography any type of
handyman worked at Walgreens and worked
at Stein Lord Ockham
build a fence gate I have a teacher that
is working at loss I saw her with a on
one time I said I didn't know you were
here she said yeah I just don't get paid
as I clean this book after I finish
teaching I go in and get my janitor card
takes my clothes and clean the school
I'm a photographer on this side there's
I've seen pictures and they work in
restaurants because they have a better
chance of getting a good retirement in
that job than they do being a teacher
five dogs that I sell my own art I teach
English online to kids in China I drop
over on the weekend sometimes it's the
less - playing gigs as much as I can
actually sell I call me lip balms and
soaps and things like that I got I got
five thousand dollars when I first
started it happens
a nickel since as far as a raise knows
and I'm supposed to support my family
that ain't right they I just do anything
I can to make into me but I love to ski
gym so it's the sacrifice I'm willing to
make no see that's the thing you don't
want people like that in the teaching
business people don't have an
entrepreneurial can-do American spirit
uniquely American uniquely American so
inspiring
once I think it was in a debate or it's
some type of town hall it was a town
broached by a woman who said I am
working two or three jobs to to take
care of my family he just looked back
uniquely American with pride with pride
with pride but here is and that was
those were teachers who were on strike
to get better pay but now they have not
stopped with getting better pay
they actually contrary to what Betsy
DeVos would have you believe that
they're not serving the students they're
now actually arguing for stuff for the
students I think is this a a student
right here this is an art student high
school high school art student listen to
what kind of supplies this high school
art student gets so what kinds of things
the size of the classroom the supplies
okay I'm an art student we ran out of
blue paint two months ago it's really
hard been an acrylic art student without
blue pegs there's no paper there aren't
pencils we're out of blue class sizes
are insane last year I had four classes
where I didn't have a chair because my
schedule got swapped on the fourth day
and I walked in these classes and they
were just like sit on the floor so I sat
on the floor for a whole year
I still do in some of my classes I'm
sorry that's just f'd up
I mean honestly like can do American
spirit do you need it doesn't lawrence
o'donnell have that thing where he gets
desks for kids in in in
Africa is a charity that he supports I
mean this is it's just absurd it's just
absurd and good for the teachers to go
out and this is not about obviously
their pay raises this is about their
primary mission which is teaching
students and they're out there you know
clearly striking on on behalf of of
their students now here is Russell
Westbrook of the Thunder Oklahoma City
Thunder and showing some solidarity what
is Westbrook is he there like a forward
point guard he's a point guard okay yeah
it doesn't play like one no trip
averaged a triple double triple double
no I mean I think me personally I think
it's important day
obviously were teaching beautifully a
sport and education is very very
important to me I'm calm and
the teachers done enough for something
man obviously a man that's helping the
kids get a better a better education
obviously didn't get paid more more
funding for the schools is very
important so I'm I'm definitely all
there for that because I believe
education is a key to a lot of different
things going on societies I mean it's
just good that you're getting
broad-based public support there was
[Music]
interesting piece
during our break by Cory Robin on
juxtaposing the support that teachers
strikes are getting now particularly
from the center-left as opposed to
during the Chicago teacher strikes now I
think there was a couple of reasons for
that one being that the the reform the
so-called education reform movement was
a lot stronger five years ago six years
ago there was this is pre the backlash
to Arne Duncan's testing and this was
Chicago in particular obviously highly
associated with the Obama administration
Rahm Emanuel Pritzker Arne Duncan
obviously from Chicago and I will also
say that I mean I'm not sure you know
the the the liberal media that he cites
it certainly was not there was not as
much excitement generated by this strike
as there should have been broadly based
with that said I filled in for Chris
Hayes on up with Chris that weekend and
did an extensive panel on it I think we
did an hour on the Chicago teacher story
maybe two hours so but it is interesting
to see see how much people are rallying
around this what's this clip is this
clear
this is from one of Jamie's friends okay
so Jamie's friends was down there and
the the interesting that things
happening in Chicago
was at least in the past 10 years the
the the most prominent example of what
they call social movement unionism where
the idea is you're creating solidarity
and you're you're arguing for issues
that are broader than the immediate
concerns of the Union and its members it
is looking at you can almost think about
it is intersectionality as across issue
sets now teachers are obviously very
well situated for this because they have
close relationships with their clients
their students and their students
parents and there are so many different
issues that go into educating a child if
a child is not getting proper nutrition
nourishment at home there's going to be
a problem in school if there are social
services living in poverty in and of
itself is a far greater indicator as to
how a child is going to do in in school
than anything else that multiple
education experts over the years come on
this program and say tell me the the the
area code I should say the zip code of
where the child lives and I will tell
you what their education is going to be
like and what educational achievement
they will have there is no better
indicator than what their income of
their family is and so teachers are very
well situated from this and so we saw
this in Chicago and there was huge
support in the community for teachers
which was also something relatively new
very often after
certain period of time people get a
little exasperated what am I going to do
with my kids they're not going to school
we saw this type of social movement
unionism in Massachusetts
Barbara mouthed Leone a big proponent of
that one the teachers union we had her
on this program I guess a couple years
ago now maybe it was four years ago
people should check out that interview
but here is some footage that Jamie
what's your friend's name
Tatiana okay Casali at left voice she's
been doing some really good reporting on
the strike in Oklahoma and what what in
this clip what there's some construction
workers is that right no there we have
that one too
we have this one is of some students
actually protesting for their teachers
[Music]
I feel
all right so we got some students
protesting and do we have that footage
as well and here's a clip of and this is
what I think really encouraging is to
watch solidarity across professions
across jobs these are construction
workers who are walking off the job in
support of teachers this is where stuff
starts getting real are they Teamsters
yeah when you start to see this the you
know one guy's got a box at Pizza he
looks like he's bringing it somewhere
yeah you can people are gonna get scared
if they start seeing more things like
absolutely I would like to make the
point also that these are in
right-to-work states and a lot of these
strike actions are being organized from
the ground up from the bottom up they're
not being there not as mediated by
unions as one might expect and I think
it provides a really inspiring model for
how we can have workers struggle even
with like when a very small percentage
of the population is in an official
union and in in you know sort of the
wake of and we're anticipating this of
what's going to happen with the Janis
case when you essentially effectively
get white right to work a federal right
to work so-called right to work is that
we talked about with Jane McCauley last
maccabee he came and and spoke about
that broadly speaking in the wake of or
anticipating the Janis case so obviously
unions are really important but you know
in a way it also incentivizes compromise
and labor peace and it's always in the
union's leadership best interest to have
that whereas when it's just a bunch of
workers organizing themselves there
inclined to be on a wildcat let's be
let's be clear I mean these are these
these teachers belong to a union they
just don't have the same requirements to
support the Union as they would in a in
a non right-to-work state it's it's not
even called a union in right-to-work
states but it technically it basically
is yeah I don't know semantically if you
would call it necessarily Union I mean
you can have a union it's just a
question of whether or not everyone is
responsible for for paying in any type
of agency fees I know in West Virginia
it's called like an association or
something and but the you know I mean I
don't know if I would go as far as
saying that all union leadership
necessarily is looking to to cut a deal
and create labor peace I mean the flip
side of people not being unionized is
that you know things like taft-hartley
doesn't apply to them in the same way
but I don't III I don't know if I would
go so far as to say this is a positive
but it is I think like a lot of lemonade
yes and it'll be really interesting to
see lemonade yet they were Teamsters and
that's I guess a lead shot they're
Teamsters going in and refusing to cross
the picket line to work on renovations
on the Capitol no good for them
