I need a hill um this is Anita Hill and
I again I've been you know we spend a
lot of time on this last night on T MBS
I'm not gonna I mean look of course I
think that you know there's a political
relevance to this
I think there's political relevance to
the fact that Joe Biden was literally
like a credit card senator in the sense
that the credit card industry wrote the
bankruptcy bill that he pushed through I
believe in 2005 which is unbelievably
harmful to working in middle-class
people and that actually one of the
first major exposures Elizabeth Warren
had was writing and advocating against
that bankruptcy bill that Joe Biden
pushed through I get it he's a likable
guy I will totally vote for him over
Donald Trump but people need to actually
be quite serious about this record
because he's also he's gonna frame
himself as a major advocate of women and
I want to say that first there's the
question with regards to his conduct
with the Anita Hill hearings and then I
have to say yes I have no doubt that the
provisions he put in the crime bill
probably I don't know enough and enough
but I'm willing to say I'm sure that
they contained some very helpful and
important provisions to protect women
particularly in issues of domestic
violence but it also was in the context
of the mass incarceration crime bill
which we all rightfully recognized was a
massive expansion of the car circle
state and a huge problem
so even Biden's sort of feminism is
connected with prison industrial complex
and if we can't get out of that then
we're not gonna get out of any kind of
fundamental justice you know where we
need to go in terms of these issues Joe
Biden carceral feminist Joe Biden
Crossville feminist this is Anita Hill
talking with Ari Melbourne excuse me
he's interim though okay this is REM
Elbert easing an interview with Anita
Hill and she but there is her in this
clip talking okay
and she talks about her experience of
the unbuttoned in those hearings
emma-crats chairing that committee
though Joe Biden who has gone on to
apologize for his approach to Anita Hill
and she reflects on that in a
newly-released never-before-aired
interview I think chairman Biden really
believed that he was acting in a way
that was fair to the nominee and in
doing so I think he completely
underestimated that in fact he was
deferring to power and to the power of
the White House and who is the power of
his colleagues and what that meant was
that I would suffer but because I didn't
have all of those people behind me
that's exactly right and I said I I
would invite we were able to play a
little bit of it last night but there's
a lot you can go into um of the type of
attacks that particularly an Orrin Hatch
or in Arlen Specter waged in Anita Hill
they're playing it a bit differently now
with those we've already you know
established where does that list of 65
women come from what's that about and
then also when it's pressed I believe
what is the latest standing count is
about five women stand by that original
yesterday it was five there might be
more now this was coming for a long time
and they knew it was coming and they
were yeah they knew and he knew and and
what we have is we basically I mean we
have unaccountable power in the form of
Judge Cavanaugh and not just with this I
want to know more about this guy's
gambling stories I want to know more
about this guy's former boss and mentor
who had to leave his seat because of
actually a similar sexual harassment
scandal to what Clarence Thomas was
accused of I want to know about this I
want to know and I'm and I'll make this
point really briefly it's not because
his friend wrote novels about drinking
and having sex that is not the
the issue is is that he wrote first of
all implying that there was a culture of
blackouts and other things that might in
a narrow sense shed specific light on
the incident that he and Cavanaugh are
accused of doing in this very credible
way and also this guy's whole
bizarreness and sexual politics wrote a
column for the Daily Caller calling
Barack Obama the first woman president
yes mark judge is a weirdo mark judge is
trying to fuse together some type of
sort of latent midlife catholic
spiritual crisis and arch reactionary
teachings with his sort of self-concept
as some type of tango hat hedonist and
that type of weird sexist and
whatever kind of insecurities or
whatever I don't know the best language
to do it to describe it that is on a
continuum from a dude who will go on the
Supreme Court and even if they don't
specifically overturn roe v wade they
will vastly curtail it they will be a
consistent vote to harm women's health
women's rights women's Democratic
participation in every category in in
just an in an embarrassing I mean like
just even think like it's just
embarrassing that you have a population
that wants to infantilized the other
half of the population and then also
have sex with them it's embarrassing
wait you don't like to have sex with
children no I don't and maybe I that
will make I guess we're in that sense
all of the men here or like women
podcasters I guess that's actually what
soy boy means you don't have sex with
children I mean
it is bizarre if you look at the stories
of Judge Cavanaugh you look at the
politics of the Republicans on that
Judiciary Committee going back to the
judge Thomas the relentless attacks on
Anita Hill and frankly I guess she
snapped to it but the other through-line
of Joe Biden to Dianne Feinstein and now
we know what their agenda for the court
is we know it this isn't a mystery to
anybody and then the the ancillary weird
like sort of I don't even know maybe
maybe a Quentin Tarantino character
though that's probably giving him too
much credit is this bizarre guy who
writes columns for The Daily Caller
about Barack Obama being a chick I mean
yo if you could not I cannot imagine a
greater time for a political judicial
moral and cultural inventory and not of
a cry and drink apple cider variety
let's talk about or don't drink absolute
excuse me that'll be the ruin of you and
speaking of that let's really get to
what's unfair let will do Barry Weiss in
the fun half because I want to get to
this because you know Greg Gutfeld zuv
nothing he's a he's a he's not funny
insofar as I could ever see and I think
I'm actually I think I'm pretty good
about acknowledging even loathsome
people being funny I think I'm a pretty
straight shooter on that Greg Gutfeld is
not funny his presence of any kind is a
mystery to me he's the in house eyebrow
raiser he's the in house eyebrow raiser
and just just think of the language of
unfairness here it's one thing to say
let's pretend we're all like rugged
fascists and life isn't fair and life's
just hierarchies and you either are you
aren't and go yourself okay I want
to defeat that political project and we
will but did Jim just cap that language
don't be talking about people's lives
being hurt if this is your attitude
watch watch Greg Gutfeld discover
victimization in the most perverse way
imaginable get rid of courts this is
about winning for a party at any cost
and the cost is is perhaps ruining a
life I saw a headline I won't say where
it's from that said the headline was
this our Republicans really going to
nominate an accused rapist to overturn
Roe pause okay so yes they actually did
they've nominated him so he has been
nominated so not only as that headline
it the only part of that headline is
wrong is that it happened
unless he's reading a headline that was
before the diminution yeah the other
thing wrong with it is like it's a dumb
question because obviously it's it's
both wrong dumb and obviously which we
could call the we could change the name
of the five to go ahead okay so think
about I I would ask the people on both
sides imagine if this was your son dad
or brother we often think about you know
victims but it but would you
characterize this as fair without with
with the knowledge that we have right
now is it fair to characterize somebody
that way if that is your if that is your
husband your brother your son or your
father and I think sometimes well all
the time in politics we don't think that
way and we will ruin somebody's life
just so we can get somebody on the court
don't see it well okay so this is so
stupid
in so many ways first of all these
people are not your brother or your
uncle or your friend there's somebody
who's gonna get an appointment for life
to a completely or not or a very
undemocratically accountable branch of
government and make policy about
everything from health care to the
environment to voting rights to really
into the future of privacy in a tech
transparency age like they literally
have the power of life or death over
millions of people literally this isn't
your uncle saying hey I caught a charge
that's wrong can you help me out in fact
your uncle that's getting falsely
accused let's just follow the logic of
this okay say your uncle or your brother
caught a false charge on something on
the thing that he might have to worry
about would be of someone like judge
Cavanaugh ruling that even though DNA
testing has cleared him up he still has
to stay in jail on a technicality which
is the type of way Justice Scalia ruled
on things and all of the other you know
fascistic thugs that these idiots want
to put into the courts and are putting
in the courts so this isn't your friend
this is somebody whose life you know who
has as you say wields enormous power is
secondly life ruined no a life ruined is
all of the criminal justice policies
that all of the politicians that you
vote for and put into office Democrat
and Republican and voted for across the
board for mandatory minimums nonviolent
drug offenders non rehabilitation for
young offenders for any crime across the
board that's a ruined life judge
Cavanaugh goes back to another court and
you know writes some bitch-ass memoir
whining about how unfairly he was
treated and does the circuit and is
still a millionaire well it's the same
 as always right like it's really
speaks to the privilege that these
people have that losing any amount of
their position or power over others
amounts to ruining their lives that is
all of us I'm assuming in this room have
had opportunities that we would all have
considered maybe actually in retrospect
at least in my case I'm not gonna spell
out what I'm thinking of I'm actually
kind of I'm glad some of these things
didn't happen but at the time say you
were up for something which you
perceived of as a big like lateral step
right and and actually you're dealing
with a lot more problems than judge
Kavanagh is dealing with okay but you
know you're still relevant
that that is true like shall judge are
you gonna be on the Supreme Court I
knows the horses don't like you okay
this RICO case because I thought you
were and now all of a sudden you did
this disgusting thing with some broad in
high school it doesn't look like you're
gonna rule the right way anymore that
actually would be very cool ending to
this story but that being said I've
never
those events which actually had at least
on a personal level you know higher
stakes in terms of like things like
income which actually really matter and
her more material than any of this but
like didn't ruin your life the guy might
not get to be one of the nine most
powerful people think honor should
really be right like the Supreme Court
shouldn't be term limited yeah this
report needs to be term limited to begin
with and he might not join this
radically dangerous institution and have
yet even more power and what has already
been an unbelievably easy life there is
no accountability for any of these
people ever and you know I went to
school with some of them so I know and
I've seen it uh god I can't stop
thinking about that weird email that he
sent about the weekend that he had with
his friends we did that the other day I
remember like at the end I mean it's
it's weird all the way through but at
the end it's like and you know everybody
I expect will express well it will
exercise discretion about what we did
this weekend even with spouses and I was
like okay if they were just having sex
with prostitutes it would be especially
spouses for like even spouses it's like
did you kill a prostitute like what the
that would be funny even like alright
and as much as I know you want to tell
your wife don't tell her that we killed
hookers over the weekend all right just
keep your mouth shut
what happened was this mark judges
Facebook cuz March is Facebook this is
March so a mark judge takes a picture of
four scantily clad ladies at a pool
rights
I like the duck face on the one on the
right she's real that's like vintage you
don't see that anymore this is that are
you know I was gonna say that went out
of culture I feel like that was like
twelve to fourteen and all of a sudden
it stopped I'm like the only one who
still those duckfaces here we see your
synthesis of Catholicism and the lust
because I summer
god is good I rest my case
to likes but I got some comments so he
commented at first he says attraction is
not disordered lust is and then
somebody come at table says these can be
your daughter's judge and mark says I
know as much as you will call BS on this
as a journalist and photographer you
look for something beautiful and dynamic
like this trust me I know my place lol
he's like one of those people who get
sober and then thinks that he doesn't
have to do any other work on himself at
all yeah yeah no no that's
I actually I know exactly what
personality type you're talking about
that's exactly right
no since I quit drinking anyway wait is
he sober I don't know if he's dead
anyway that wasn't that yeah yeah like
Russell Brand talks about this a lot
yeah yeah Russell Brand used his
recovery to open up his horizon it's not
to like just repeat the same stuff over
and over not not to in any way minimize
anybody going through that but I think
yes you're talking or they transferred
on other things like you know George
Bush and like I mean some of the same
temperamental you know tendencies
persist right
