[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I was simply trying to fix the culture
in many ways
[Music]
Wow that's kind of a I don't know that
kind of that's amazing
[Music]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex the majority report with sam
cedar it's Thursday October 25th 2018 my
name is Michael Brooks and this is the
five-time award-winning majority report
we're broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on today's program Nick
Guttman he is a director at our future
our progress our blue future which is a
youth oriented political action
organization dedicated to helping the
Democrats take back control the house
through the youth vote we're talking
about what they're doing and how they're
mobilizing bombs have been sent to Joe
Biden Robert DeNiro Maxine Waters in
addition to the Clintons Barack Obama
CNN and debbie Wasserman Schultz as
Donald Trump blames the media federal
judge blocks Georgia from throwing out
absentee ballots based on a voter on
signature mismatches in one small
reversal of Brian keps apartheid style
war on voting rights in Georgia as he
attempts to save himself from the stacey
abrams surge trump denies that he
is talking on his iPhone unsecured
iphone and that the Chinese are
listening to his every conversation what
new information would you learn maybe
slightly more overt admitting of crimes
or something the more interesting
question for me is how you would
translate it was a tough deal and they
were unfair and it was a bad deal get
Carl I cut on the phone into Mandarin
Saudi Arabia acknowledges that the
killing of Jamarcus yogi was
premeditated but is still denying any
involvement from senior leadership as
the crown prince says it was a horrible
thing that has touched every human on
earth and must be addressed family
separations at the border started last
year before everybody found out
apparently Donald Trump attacks
freeloaders on drug prices and 15
million people will lose pre-existing
condition coverage or see a premium
increase if a Republican lawsuit which
the Trump administration is not fighting
against goes through even as Republicans
from Donald Trump to Scott Walker are
lying fluently blatantly and daily on
pre-existing conditions as we head into
the midterms the world's most prominent
political prisoner Lula da Silva has
released a note to the Brazilian people
saying that Democrats those who believe
in democracy from all political
persuasions must unite to avert a
fascist adventure as Brazil heads to the
polls on Sunday in light of a massive
slush fund scandal where corporations
were buying information from whatsapp
users to spread fake news and propaganda
on behalf of the bolsa narrow campaign
and Workers Party candidate Fernando
Haddad calls bowls and arrow a fascist
barbarian Bernie Sanders took took to
the op-ed pages of the New York Times
demanding an end for the US support of
the Saudi UAE
a brutal war on Yemen which the United
States and UK participates with and
supports every day and Andrew Gilliam
shows how it's done all that and much
much more on today's majority report
boys club edition was myself Matt luck
Brendan Finn Jamie is taking her her one
day off today
Samantha is out and about I was thinking
of uh
right-wing Mandela like who I think I
think right-wing Mandela who many of you
may not know that character but it goes
back to Rick Santorum comparing the
struggle against Obamacare to the
struggle against apartheid when Mandela
died and then we decided but basically
Mandela
I decided Mandela would just become a
right-wing pundit I think the next
iteration for Mandela the next place for
that character go as he becomes Joe
Rogan right I think like you couldn't do
that on DMT and that's the same you saw
a double helix we're not trapping the
other person who the other person would
fill that lane would probably be
libertarian Gandhi but he hasn't been in
rotation libertarian Gandhi hasn't been
in rotation as much and I feel like
libertarian Gandhi would be the one like
the guest like the awful gas is like
like what we discovered when we let
children work in a factory was that
everybody had more money and the left
won't tell you that and I mean I feel
like that's super complicated
because on one hand you would say you
don't want kids like working making my
shot like that's that's up but
you're saying everyone makes more money
Wow
sometimes things are just like
complicated you got to think about GDP
anyways did you see this clip of this
rhinoceros pissing on a boa
uh yeah but I wanted to I was thinking
of right-wing Mandela because I wanted
to do like a budget of like bothering
Sam with the broad Reid like really it
was the last time you snapped up a
Samantha
Andrew Ghulam is leading in the polls
against odd racist Ron de santis there's
actually something in this clip here I
don't want to bring up this whole class
race debate I actually find a lot of it
really very useless and as I've said I
think the synthesis that we need to have
is actually operationally pretty clear
and I would recommend that everybody
read and listen to interviews that I've
done with Bill Fletcher jr. who I will
be talking to against soon
I think he is actually probably this he
has the best view of this sort of
overall in terms of integrating
perspectives but this is a good example
of how of course in a context like this
race where there are robo calls being
run that are you know overt racist
appeals where Ron de santis has a in
addition to obviously the sport of
Donald Trump has his own extensive
background with racist and xenophobic
groups
Andrew Gilliam would make history as the
first black governor of Florida and
there's also a huge amount of civil
rights issues including of course voting
rights which hang in the balance in this
election and there's also just a
principle of politics here that go on
the offense make yourself look good and
your opponent look bad and in this
exchange in addition to the rightness
and the beauty of how well Gilliam own
DeSantis here think to yourself outside
are that core of Republican voters who
are white identity politics driven what
normal person including people who they
might not be is whoa cos you whatever
this is where I get annoyed with the
identity side they might they might not
be on board with everything they might
not use the right terms whatever but
they're not they are very you can appeal
to them on justice and rightness
and also just who's a more appealing
human being what normal person outside
of that white identity politics base is
going to watch this exchange and not
come away backing Andrew Gilliam let's
watch this from last night it was
incredibly impressive a live TV in
August on the first day of the general
election campaign you said of Andrew
gillum's run for governor quote the last
thing we need to do is to monkey this up
by embracing this socialist agenda Fox
News quickly disavowed your words saying
quote they do not condone the language
now you called some of this response
absurd you've made appearances at four
of David Horace's Freedom Center events
again four separate times for speeches
among some of Mister Horowitz's
statements quoting here this country is
the only serious race war is against
whites you know I'll ask the questions
it's not a McCarthy game and I'm giving
it wait for the question I said okay he
also said if blacks are oppressed in
America why isn't there a black exodus
now in 2015 in your speech before the
Freedom Center you said of mr. Horowitz
David has done such a great great work
and I've been an admirer I've been to
these conferences in the past I've been
a big admirer of an organization that
shoots straight tells the American
people the truth and standing up for the
right thing those are his words here's
Mike there's my question he hadn't even
made those statements then yes he had
sir the first statement was made to know
everything my statement somebody makes
yeah look at the way the way Gilliam
looks at him when he squeaks like that
yes and this by the way this is all this
is all Jordan Peterson dominance
hierarchy stuff and he's right about
some of this so look at the body
language look at who looks better on TV
look who's whiney and defensive look
who's calm collected and clear and made
those statements then yes he had sir the
first statement was made am I supposed
to know every single statement somebody
here's the deal let me just say this let
me just say this right straight up you
know I've lived my life whether it's
athletics whether it's military whether
it's serving as a prosecutor you know
when I was down yeah
serving as a Florida prosecutor would be
a great indicator for the sensitivity to
racial justice issues like that going to
the Kavanagh like I played varsity
sports with blacks yeah right
actually if you read Christian piccoli
nice book we have on the show he talks
about one of the first and it one of the
first disconnects he had between being a
skinhead and as in high school was
playing football with black players and
he was able to put aside his literal
skinhead membership to win some games
Generac we work together as a team
regardless of race we had the American
flag on our arm we wore the same uniform
and we fought for the country when I was
a prosecutor I stood up for victims of
every race color and Creed that's the
only way to do it in our country it's
something I believe in and as governor I
will represent all the people everyone
will get a fair shake but I am NOT going
to bow down to the altar of political
correctness I'm going to not let the
media smear me like they like to do with
so many other people are certainly not
going to take anything from Andrew
Gilliam who's endorsed the dream
defenders which says Israel is an
apartheid state and which says the
prisons have no place in justice this is
Roger
and I mr. DeSantis all for now I wish
you would waited for the question
because I had a question it's not what
you think it is mr. Gilliam I'll give
you a chance to respond let me first say
my grandmother used to say a hit dog
will holler through this room mr.
DeSantis has spoken hey first of all
he's got neo-nazis helping him out in
this state he has spoken at racist
conferences he's accepted a contribution
and would not return it from someone who
referred to the former president of the
United States as a Muslim in igg er when
asked to return that money he said no
he's using that money to now fund
negative ads now I'm not calling mr.
DeSantis a racist I'm simply saying the
racists believe he's a racist
that's mr. DeSantis boom if I would ask
the audience to please let mr. DeSantis
now respond the conference I attended
was keynoted by a Medal of Honor
recipient and of course it's perfect
because he goes actually to the most
pathetic form of identity politics there
there's one person playing identity
politics the way people use the term
pejoratively in that clip and that's him
the pejorative critique of identity
politics is that everything else is
subordinate purely to your identity your
positions don't matter your arguments no
matter your identity is the only thing
that matters and to the extent that
that's ever true that of course is
either an incomplete picture or just
wrong and the only person that's doing
that is him I was played sports I was in
the military I prosecuted there was a
vet
there was a vet there Andrew Gilliam is
appealing to a broad set of people who
even if they aren't they might like to
think that they might want to actually
get to a place that's from ethical and
correct with regard to opposing racism
and that's going to be part it certainly
anybody who's susceptible to voting for
a Democrat in that race is going to have
that perspective so he framed it as you
know you're the one who's out of the
mainstream normal people don't run
around with neo-nazis normal people
don't go to freakish far-right divisive
conferences it's the
same way that the residents of
Charlottesville came out and they
confronted that little scumbag Jason
Kessler like don't come with your
terrorism your racism your toxicity and
ruin our town that is how it needs to be
framed and that was perfectly done and
absolutely right and also it took it out
of the morality game which these guys
love to do okay I don't know what is in
run DeSantis is heart I don't know what
the particulars of his you know how he
self justifies his support for Donald
Trump his associations with disgusting
people his advocacy of bigoted
xenophobic policies I don't care the
racists think you're a racist boom
that's it and no person who has any
pretension of leadership to a position
like governor's state of Florida in the
country that we have to create not the
country that it is now and certainly not
the country that it's been historically
should that ever be acceptable
Andrew Gilliam nailed that and that's
how you do it it's perfect we're gonna
take a brief break and we're gonna come
back with Nick Guffman and talk about
how young progressives are laying the
foundation to take back the house
[Music]
you
you
welcome back to the majority report
Michael Brooks here joining us now is
Nick Guttman he is the co-founder and
executive director of our blue future
Nick thanks so much for being here thank
you for having me pleasure to be on so
Nick what is behind our blue future talk
about the stakes for young people in
politics and how did you guys come up
with this idea sure so the future was
started about a year ago a little over a
year ago by me and some friends from
school
we all went to American University and
were heavily involved in the College
Democrats there at AU and realizing you
know that 2018 was upon us we wanted to
see what young people could do and what
we could do to support young people who
wanted to get involved in political
campaigns knowing that there would be so
much energy so much excitement and so
much at stake because basically as you
know every issue is on the line and you
know our democracy is on the line and so
we knew young people were going to step
up and at the same time we felt that
young people weren't being supported and
haven't you know didn't have the
resources to really effectively mobilize
and organize their campuses for
political campaign so we got together we
started to think about this problem and
our own experiences doing political work
on college campuses and we said well why
don't we try to start an organization
that can really engage and equip young
people with the resources the tools the
network they need to be effective
organizers directly for some of the most
competitive congressional campaigns yeah
and you make the point and maybe you
could talk a little bit more because I'm
assuming you know when you look at the
polling and you talk to young people
whether it's issues that are very direct
like the student loan crisis and the
abuse of students through the student
loan industry and the federal government
with all its loans also the broader
questions of structural inequality and
diminished earning opportunities and the
other issues that result from extreme
wealth concentration and Oleg are
gee and also younger people's most
younger people's views on whether it be
marriage equality transgender rights and
things like that that there is a fair
amount of pretty left pretty um you know
a very least center-left views with
young people and also that younger
people are this is a very very diverse
generation and then on the flip side
obviously you have the traditional you
know oligarch influential Republican
donors like Sheldon Adelson dumping huge
amounts of money into far-right youth
organizations or as an example you know
Sam cedar of course of this show debated
Charlie Kirk the other day and turning
points USA doesn't focus electorally but
they do focus heavily obviously on you
know propagandizing for extreme
right-wing views on college campuses so
it was that sort of like where the
genesis was was on one hand you you're
doing this great work you know that
there's all this sort of energy for as
an example taking back the house which
we'll get to in a second but then all
this money is being dumped in from the
far right to skew the influence when it
comes down to young people yeah you've
got it you hit it right on the nail
there I mean you know to start we
believe that young people are with are
with us we believe young people can play
a critical role in helping to elect
progressive candidates Democratic
candidates who will stand up for the
values of our generation overwhelmingly
young people want to see bold action on
climate change on student debt on gun
violence prevention criminal justice
reform voting rights in that you know
our democracy and and and more women's
health health care for all and so young
people are with us on these issues and
at the same time the party and the sort
of institutional infrastructure of the
progressive movement does not do a
terrific job of funding and supporting
young people who want to dedicate their
lives to the progressive cause and to
you know improving the lives of folks in
their communities and we think that
electoral politics is just one tool in
our toolbox to be able to effect that
change and
you know we looked into the research
seeing how much money the college
Republicans get seeing how much money
turning-point USA had from these donors
there really isn't anything of the sort
on the left and so we said well we
should try to fix that problem we should
see what is possible and we've had you
know a good amount of success here in
our first year raising almost one
hundred thousand dollars supporting over
25 students across 19 different
congressional districts who are you know
mobilizing hundreds of thousands of
volunteers registering even more voters
and getting out into the field but you
know at the core of why we started this
as you mentioned is because there were
the lack an infrastructure to really
