[Music]
are what seemingly daily look at to just
how Despicable Isis we should just say
that what's going on now in the Senate
and I think that's starting this morning
is there is a and I'm using air quotes
here I'm not physically doing them but
I'm just putting you on notice that
these are air quotes there's an
immigration debate going on in the
Senate at the moment and for the most
part Mitch McConnell appears to be
gearing this up to be just a way to
weaken Democratic Senate candidates in
those red states guys like Joe Manchin
Heidi Heitkamp Donnelly a couple others
trying to get them on record to take
votes that McConnell perceives as hard
votes for them to take in those states
which probably based upon their support
for Donald Trump
tend to be more anti-immigrant than the
the median in the country particularly
with a Democratic senator it is quite
clear that Donald Trump intends to veto
any bill even if it was to be able to
come something out of the Senate and the
house he will veto those bills unless
they have really the roll backs in legal
immigration that he wants and by all
accounts that seems to be the White
House strategy for 2018 we're gonna go
more anti-immigrant more I wouldn't
don't Trump call it culturally relevant
or something in other words we're gonna
hear a lot more about black guys not
doing what he thinks they should be
doing in whatever context probably
sports probably entertainment that's the
strategy to drive the vote in 2018
in the meantime a second federal court
has enjoined the Trump administration
from allowing the March deadline to go
forward with those people who had yet to
re-register or couldn't register under
daca so for the moment for the moment
and still of course this is sort of a
torturous existence right where you have
to wait every day to find out if you're
gonna get deported to a country that you
really have no connection with
whatsoever so that's what the state of
play is I don't know if there's gonna be
any type of doc effects at this point
Donald Trump does not think it behooves
him so that's bad news let's go over
some of the most recent ice travesties
this came out of out of Seattle I guess
or I should say Washington State took
took will I guess that's a place in
Washington State so a man who's been in
this country for 14 years for a game
here from Honduras he was looking to
escape rampant gang violence there
his name is Rodriguez Macarena his
brother had been shot dead by gang
members his friend had been cut into
pieces so he decided to leave he worked
as a carpenter became a leader in his
church started a family he has three
children set of twins who are three and
a one-year-old they're citizens arrested
US citizens he has no criminal record
and apparently last week he saw someone
trying to break into his car and
apparently a couple months before
somebody tried to break into his home so
he called the police officers found a
man who they determined to be
trespassing but they didn't have
probable cause to arrest him so they let
him go
the officers however held on to
Rodriguez macarena
they ran him through the National Crime
Information Center database this is
basically like a clearinghouse where all
sorts of information including warrants
are posted this is I guess a standard
procedure but most most Police
Department's do not pay attention to
what ice has put in there that is
essentially what a sanctuary a city is
for all intents and purposes the Tuukka
Willa police usually don't act on ice
information but apparently they saw some
type of warrant from ice now here's the
thing you really can't have I mean I
guess technically you could maybe
definitionally but when ice puts this up
it's not a warrant because it's not been
issued by a judge whatsoever not a
magistrate not a judge not a bench
nowhere they just say we want this guy
law enforcement officers local ones do
not have the authority to arrest people
on behalf of ice there's no there's no
court issue warrant
ice can't say just pick them up for us
that's kidnapping and apparently that's
been upheld many times in the courts but
this administrative document that was
placed in there by ice caused them to
bring this guy to ice for deportation I
guess they're still fighting it we'll
see but the idea that you could call the
police and get deported is so dangerous
for people who are living in communities
with undocumented immigrants because all
of these people are going to refuse to
call the police oh there's a fire over
there I'd love to call the fire
department but I don't want to get
deported I see a mugging I'd love to
call the police about it but I don't
want to have to give my name or my
location cuz I don't want to get
deported I don't want to leave my three
kids who are under the age of four so
I'm just not gonna participate I'm just
not going to do all the things that we
hope our fellow members of society will
do even Rudy Giuliani when he was mayor
of this city even Rudy Giuliani
understood that that is a very big even
it's a huge I'm evil really need to get
when Rudy Giuliani monotype for these
people when Rudy Giuliani is the voice
of reason and saying you don't roll up
these people without any cause you know
there's a problem when I can sit here
and quote Rudy Giuliani in a positive
way in on any issue that I would look at
you know that we have sort of crossed
the Rubicon here today we have multiple
stories about ice how Despicable they
are this is in Phoenix guy named hey
Seuss baronies his mother brought him to
the United States from Mexico when he
was 17 months old he grew up in Arizona
went to school in Phoenix from
kindergarten through twelfth grade he
started a family he has five kids for
the past two years baronies who is now
30 had been working with an immigration
attorney to try and resolve his legal
status immigration officials had loud
Bironas to stay in the country and apply
for work permits provide a check-in with
local immigration and custom enforcement
officers reg Lee so apparently this guy
over the years I think as early as 2010
was deported but he came back to the
country because he had kids here who
were relying on him and then he got
deported again and he came back because
he had kids here and he wanted to take
care of them they were fully dependent
upon him the kids and apparently when he
walked back in he just showed them an ID
from his high school which he had
attended he said I'm going back to
Phoenix you raised here since 17 months
old you're an American
so the in this instance Bironas was
faced with a an even more intense
dilemma because his five-year-old son
has leukemia and they were ready to
deport him and so he heard that shadow
rock United Church of Christ was acting
as a sanctuary for other undocumented
immigrants facing a deportation Barone's
as a last resort basically moved in to
the the church because his son Jaden
gets intensive chemotherapy once a month
at the Phoenix Children's Hospital
but Bironas had to give chemotherapy
pills to Jaden because his wife is
pregnant and obviously she can't be
handling chemotherapy pills so he goes
into the church and basically I guess
since somebody had ice realized at the
very least oh this is gonna be a press
story now and between the church and the
leukemia we just got to be a little bit
careful so they have given him a
one-year stay of deportation so you get
a chance to see if your kid makes it or
not and then you leave this is uh this
is what we're living in now this is the
horror of someone who came to this
country at age 17 months old is going
through I don't know why that
necessarily would make a difference but
that's just absurd it's just absurd
and then here's the last of it
the chief counsel for ice in Seattle
that doesn't mean like the most popular
lawyer for ice in Seattle it means the
guy who runs the whole office the guy
who organizes which lawyers are gonna do
what and for a region apparently he has
now been charged of for stealing the
identities of seven people in various
stages of the immigration proceedings
yes in an attempt to defraud credit card
companies these are the most despicable
people on the planet yeah I mean I can't
I was talking to a guy recently and he
was going off about hit various things
that he's done and his sort of like
petty criminal career and he goes to me
goes he goes but I never did credit
cards man because when you buy those
numbers on the dark web you don't know
who it is he goes it could be a
multi-millionaire that's cool but it
also could be some guy who's just living
paycheck to paycheck right I couldn't
live with myself
and this guy is literally deporting
these people and taking their credit
card yeah that is the lowest scumbag on
the planet yeah this is the second time
in two years apparently that a nice
attorney in that very office has been
charged with a federal crime may be
death penalty is negotiable in terms of
immigrants they're trying to seek to
deport got this bad apples in there
they're not sending their best from law
schools and apparently Department of
Homeland Security has been pressuring
Congress to reduce polygraph
requirements for some of their employees
I wonder why that would be I would
imagine so there's a whole bunch of
things you can do you can sexually
terrorize women you could steal credit
card numbers you could do deals with
drug cartels there's a lot of stuff that
if government bureaucracy can just get
out of the way and now I feel like we
just need some like some stock music and
some images of the ice seal and
would be a recruitment tool for ice
