geordie report on the phone it is always
a pleasure to welcome to this program
the senator from Vermont Bernie Sanders
Bernie welcome to the program
great to be with you Pam so give us a
sense of what's happening in the Senate
in terms of the the funding of the
government going forward I think it
comes down to a pretty simple
issue I think by now he may not have
known that a few days ago but I think by
now
Senator McConnell the Republican leader
understands that he does not have the 60
votes he needs to pass a one-month
continuing resolution and the reason he
doesn't have the votes is the Democrats
and a growing number of Republicans are
sick and tired of trying to run a four
trillion dollar operation ie the United
States government on a month-to-month
basis and just last night the Pentagon
issued a statement saying that they
cannot continue to function effectively
month by month they need an annual
budget which is what we need so he
doesn't have the votes and I think that
may have occurred to him or at least
dawned on him today and he is now going
to have to sit down and negotiate in a
way that he has not done before and what
that means is dealing with three
fundamental issues number one parity for
defense and non-defense spending there
are enormous economic problems facing
the working families of this country
whether it's need to refund the
Community Health Center program what
does he need to deal with pensions to
deal with student debt to deal with
infrastructure you name it there are
problems that we cannot continue to kick
down to kick the can down the road on
our second of all we have got to deal
with the dreamers issued poll came out
yesterday you may have seen it from CBS
87 percent of the American people say
that we should provide legal status to
the dreamers and many of them believe
they should get a path toward
citizenship this is not particularly
controversial it's what the American
people want we got to do that and
thirdly we have to deal with disaster
relief of a Florida Texas Puerto Rico
and the Virgin Islands that's it and
within the Senate actually I think you
know compromises will be struck I
certainly will not get everything I want
but we can reach an agreement but
McConnell has got to understand he's
gonna have to negotiate I mean it sounds
all there isn't nevermind 60 votes it
doesn't even sound like he may even have
50 votes which is pretty amazing that's
correct
that is correct and I think the
difficulty is that in the past and
probably in the beginning of this
process he kind of thought well you know
all the Democrats they're just going to
go along with it they they're too afraid
to stand up and fight back but what you
have seen in the last few shutdowns is
more and more in the beginning were just
a few of us and then they were 30 and
now I think we're somewhere around 40
and what is also true was a number of
Republicans are saying you know for good
reasons their philosophy is very
different than mine but you go to any
business CEO and you say hey try to run
your business a large business on a
month-to-month basis say you're crazy
it's wasteful it's irresponsible if you
can't do it and that's what a number of
Republicans understand so in the event
that Mitch McConnell does sit down and
and does try and craft some type of
compromise where where what are I mean
to the extent that you can that you have
a sense of this what are the the red
lines like what will you not what will
you not walk away from oh well let me
just say rather than looking at it that
way I would say that there's got to be a
strong compromise dealing with dreamers
which means maintaining the legal status
of all of the dreamers and providing a
path toward citizenship and protecting
their parents as well and doing more so
I want a strong dreamers bill uh as you
know Durbin uh and Lindsey Graham have
worked on something does go as far as I
would like but it is thought right and I
think we can rally support around that
now we're you know I'm not all that
comfortable you know the Republicans
want to spend millions of dollars
on water security I think there's a lot
of technology out there that we can
maintain water security for a lot less
cost than Trump wants to do so you know
I may have to give more than I would
like on on that issue on the issue of
parody I think there cannot be a
compromise we have had and again I know
this sounds very inside-the-beltway but
it really impacts every American what
the Republicans have agreed to what we
have agreed to since 2011 when we did
the first budget act is for every dollar
you spend on the military you spend on
domestic needs and we have so many needs
in this country that has got to be
maintained and again where the fight
will be another fight will be as how
much do you spend on disaster relief
what kind of you know helped us were
toriko get doubly arguments about that
but I suspect we could reach an
agreement and in the event that you do
reach a compromise in the Senate then
what happens it's got to go back to the
house and and then then that's a
question of you know how many Democrats
will will sign on to help because the
Republicans doesn't sound like they'll
be able to pass something like that
now's well you know I Republicans you
know like you know a very right-wing but
they're not stupid and they're looking
at the political world in the political
world right now for them you saw the
results of the state Senate election in
Wisconsin early this week you saw what
happened in Alabama so what happened on
November 7th are the American people are
sick and tired of a right-wing extremist
government and an unstable president are
and when you have Republicans
controlling the House the Senate and the
White House I know who the Republican
who the American people are going to
hold accountable for what they shut down
so I think our Republican colleagues
over in the house they may not like what
they're gonna have to do but they're
gonna have to do it in the in the coming
week or so I know you're intending to to
roll out a medicare-for-all how is that
going to do I mean is there are you
going to be doing single bills that will
ultimately provide a comprehensive
a medicare-for-all a program or is it
going to be in one bill how's that going
to work well we have bill we have a bill
which has I think fifteen or sixteen
co-sponsors and a whole lot of support
in the house as well it is essentially a
Medicare for all
bill Medicare is a very successful and
popular program in this country we take
it for granted but if you are seeing is
they are very appreciative and
supportive of the Medicare program that
currently exists and what people are
saying if it works the people 65 and
older why don't we make it available to
everybody why don't we do what every
other major country on earth is doing
what we're going to be doing on Tuesday
night is I think for the first time ever
are doing a live town meeting on
Medicare for all we can have some really
great panels people talking about what
goes on in other countries what the
current dysfunctional system is doing to
the American people how the high cost of
health care in this country impacts our
economy and the business community it's
going to be very interesting and we're
going to be live-streaming it not
through the corporate media but doing it
through three digital outlets so that's
going to be quite an interesting
education I think we may actually be
doing a simulcast of that and and so
what then then then what I mean what
what happens mean where what where are
the efforts going into 2018 right
because that is the next big I mean that
is that seems to me to be you know
growing in importance
taking back at least one of the houses
of government and what absolutely you're
absolutely right and there are a lot of
efforts going into that and if I have
anything to say about it and I do have a
little bit to say about it
the effort is going to be not just on
raising zillions of dollars and putting
that money into TV ads and hiring
expensive consultants it is going to be
building strong grassroots movements
increasing voter turnout raising
political consciousness in this country
I think I'm not
speaking out of school here when I say
that anyone who objectively looks at
where the Democratic Party has been for
the last many years will see that their
model of how they function has been a
failure
Obama won two elections that's good but
they have lost close to a thousand
legislative seats all over this country
and we have got to begin the effort at a
grassroots level to take back state
legislatures City Council's school
boards and I can tell you right now this
week I know I beg your pardon outside
this week shortly there will be many
many hundreds of young people and
working people coming to Washington DC
who are going to be running for office
at the local and state level on many of
them for the first time we were going to
receive some training about how to run
effective campaigns from a variety of
progressive organizations here so the
goal is increased photo turnout raise
public and political consciousness arm
and let's start winning seats that in
the past we did not win and the other
point is Democrats cannot be successful
long term unless they have a 50-state
strategy it is beyond belief that in
half the states in this country there's
virtually no real democratic body in
Alabama where Doug Jones ended up
winning when he concluded very early on
is there was not a democratic body in
Alabama you have to build his own
successful effort but we need Democratic
parties in Alabama and Mississippi and
Wyoming and Nevada all over this country
and you are you are you seeing
indications that that's that's happening
out of the DNC I am I am you know at the
end of the primary election Clinton and
I Secretary Clinton I sat down and we
agreed about the need for what we end up
calling a Democratic unity Commission
and that had people from Clinton's camp
and from my camping and some other
people and they said about looking at
four major areas of concern with the
goal of creating a much more dynamic and
open Democratic Party issue number one
was the
- super-delegates which I think most
people understand in the past is we just
kind of continue a situation where many
many hundreds I think was over 700 in
the 2016 election super-delegates
accountable really are
- no electorate were able to vote
however they wanted despite what may
have happened in their states so with
that kind of hard look at
super-delegates and I think we're going
to make some very very significant
reductions in the number of
super-delegates who will cast votes in
the next presidential primary issue
number two are you have states in this
country New York comes to mind is the
worst example where you will have to
register as a Democrat literally six
months before the primary to participate
and that is just incredibly undemocratic
and restrictive are and that has got to
change and I think there's agreement
about that there's agreement about
changes in caucuses so people can vote
by absentee ballot
there's also agreement that the DNC
itself has got to be a much more open
and democratic structure people do not
know I think where the money goes how
people are hired what the strategy is it
has got to be much more from the bottom
on out from the top on down every making
progress in those areas and lastly about
the beginning back to 2018 do you think
there needs to be a nationalized
Democratic message beyond you know put a
check on on Trump or or and if so what
what should that message be the answer
is yes I do I think it will be a losing
strategy to simply point out that we
have a pathological liar who is
president somebody who changes his mind
every day somebody who is a racist and
all the other things we know about Trump
I'm sure that will appeal to all of the
anti Trump people but if we're going to
win elections we have to do more than
that and that means we have to develop
an agenda that makes sense to ordinary
people you have to analyze the problems
that working families are facing and
then come up with solutions to
I think that the the idea of a
medicare-for-all single-payer program is
an idea which is gaining support every
single day all over this country so it's
not simply a question of preventing
Republicans of throwing thirty million
people off the health insurance it's
moving to guarantee health care to all
people in a cost-effective way
that's issue number one I think creating
millions of decent-paying jobs by
rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure
are very very important
I think pay equity for women this is the
2018 women should not be making any
sense on the dollar compared to men I
think the idea of making public colleges
and universities is an idea by the way
just going all over this country I was
in San Francisco a number months ago and
their college is now tuition free and
they've seen a significant increase in
the number of people who were attending
that college raising the minimum wage
we're seeing great gains in that area in
communities all open America but at
least people should be making fifteen
bucks an hour dealing with you know
despite Trump's insanity regarding
climate change the overwhelming majority
of the American people know that we're
looking at disasters all over this
planet because of climate change and
that we have to transform our energy
system so those are just you know
dealing with net neutrality net
neutrality is a big issue
moving to the decriminalization of
marijuana is a big issue so there are a
lot of issues out there that I think
will bring people into the political
process rather than just talking about
Trump all day long all right one last
question in because I know you got to go
on the on the government shutdown in the
event that there is how much staying
power do you think the Democrats will
have in terms of holding together
because if we start getting out I mean
I'm not convinced that Donald Trump
doesn't perceive a shutdown in his best
interest he may be right he may be wrong
I would imagine he's wrong but how much
you know with Democrats are far more
concerned about the people are gonna be
hurt I think of this then Republicans in
many respects I mean so how long can can
can Democrats hold out well that is a
you know Sam that's a very good question
and obviously you know I can't
definitive answer I don't know but this
is what I can tell you these are my
colleagues and I talk to them every day
there are a variety of reasons as to why
people are prepared not to support a
one-month continuing resolution and for
the more conservative members their
reasoning is pretty straightforward and
they are saying look we got a four
trillion dollar government it is totally
irresponsible and wasteful to try to run
this on a month-by-month basis you
cannot yesterday very very interesting
and I think at a significant addition to
this whole debate a tweet was sent out I
don't know if you saw this from the
Pentagon from the Pentagon this is what
they said we have been working under a
continuing resolution for three years
now our currency our expires tomorrow
this is wasteful and destructive we need
a fully funded fiscal year 18 budget or
face ramifications on a military and
that's true but it's not just military
so when you have the military saying you
can't run a government months to months
you're the Secretary of Defense how the
hell do you run a military must a month
you need long-term planning so I think a
lot of the more conservative Democrats
are making clear that is a great concern
to them and I don't think that's going
to change and I mean is there a document
out there I mean these are numbers that
theoretically right this is not a
surprise that there's gonna be a need
for a budget that theoretically should
go longer than a month and and my
understanding is a month makes it easy
so that people don't have to make real
hard decisions you know and and vote for
something that may contain things that
they have an issue with but is there a
document I mean like how long is it
going to take to actually get one that
would be a you know of a genuine fiscal
2018 budget Sam I think it could be done
a lot faster than you think okay all
right because you know I think there is
absolutely majority support yeah
there'll be disagreements but they can
be work on how much money should we
spend to rebuild Puerto Rico well I have
a number somebody else has animals but I
think we can work it out or how much
money should we spend for the Defense
Department there'll be disagreements on
that but ultimately I think a compromise
be reached should we fund non-defense
needs at the same level as defense what
we've done that for previous budgets you
know I take look at the would under 50
so I think we're not that far apart but
the key point is that Mitch McConnell
has got on the stand he has to negotiate
once he does that I think we can make
some progress
Seren Bernie Sanders thank you so much
for coming on really appreciate your
joining us and of course I appreciate
your work well you two keep up the good
work son thank you bye-bye
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS have come back but not nearly as
much as we had before so if you can help
us out any little bit helps head over to
our patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
