this is interesting and I gotta be
honest I'm not sure how I feel about
this so Alex Jones now he has not been
completely deep lat formed but iTunes is
no longer carrying his podcast Facebook
has pulled down I guess four of his
pages Spotify has pulled his podcast but
I had this Spotify I think must get it
well I guess yeah Spotify is I don't
know where else you can get his podcast
you probably can serve it directly I
honestly don't know what I feel about
this I mean I know what I feel about
Alex Jones and ostensibly iTunes has
said Apple does not tolerate hate speech
we have clear guidelines that creators
and developers must follow to ensure
that we provide a safe environment for
all our users like I don't know how you
can justify like carrying like Laura
Ingraham show right I mean I think The
Daily Show is on a bunch of these
platforms still five of the six Infowars
podcasts have been removed
they ostensibly violate their guidelines
part of the problem is that places like
Facebook iTunes are monopolies and they
have they have not just too much power
from a corporate side but it's also it
makes things like this more problematic
right because if there's no other
mechanism for him to get to support you
know to pump out his spew out his
 it's a little bit of a problem
and I'm not quite clear where this ends
and it's
like this isn't going to help his
business I mean he's gonna be fine
this is not it's not going to go away
it's not whatever the goals are are not
going to be met by this and they're
certainly not doing it
Apple and Facebook and Spotify they're
not doing it because they came to this
on their own they're doing it because of
of pressure and I understand
and in the main eye I don't have I don't
have an issue with like saying don't
advertise on this thing or or whatnot
but when you are the distribution
mechanism and it's so consolidated and I
and I am feeling the solution is to have
less consolidated distribution
mechanisms which means that we need to
start thinking about antitrust for all
of these monopolies of distribution but
when you're the distribution mechanism I
think it starts to get pretty
problematic maybe you you can you could
be monetize but to silence in that way
is a little bit I mean look here and
this gets back to you know my time with
Mike Tsarevich and even the the James
Gunn at one point these corporations
that are involved in disseminating or
providing the vehicle for dissemination
of this type of content and news
organizations because they're in the
business of assessing reality on some
level right and presenting it back to us
everybody's gonna have to just start
exercising their brains a little bit
more right we're still coming out of an
era where there's this notion of which
was always false but there was this
pretense of
activity and the right was very
effective for a long time in making
media entities in particular in
corporations bend over backwards not to
allow reality to in any way impose upon
them right like you can't call me racist
even though I have a problem with black
people because that's the worst thing
you can say to somebody and then you
have media organizations which I would
say are broadly speaking more
sympathetic or more simpatico I should
say with broadly speaking not
necessarily the political agenda of
liberalism but just sort of like the the
broad notion of being liberal and they
bend over backwards to sort of cater to
these morons
and the problem is is that they did they
did so while still trying to maintain
some type of objective facade but I
think it's like at one point these
entities are gonna have to step up and
say you know what we can assess things
if Sam cedar writes a tweet in response
to an attempt to allow Roman Polanski to
get a Lifetime Achievement Award despite
the fact that he's a convicted on the
run statutory rapist who had escaped who
ran who ran from the country because he
was afraid that he was gonna get a bad
plea deal from the judge or the judge
didn't accept the plea deal and he
writes a piece of satire that says I
will say it again cuz I'm not
embarrassed by it I don't care about
Roman Polanski this is from memory but I
think it was I don't care about Roman
Polanski but if my dog
is ever raped I hope it's by a much
older man with a great sense of meson
sin no one no one who knows what the
words mean sin mean would have any
mistake in interpreting what that tweet
was meant to project right people don't
say like hey he said that that time
flies I don't know you know like time
doesn't fly he's lying
no it's an idiom and if you can
understand an idiom you can understand
satire people have to step up and by
people I mean corporations are going to
have to do this particularly if you're
in the content business and if your news
me you have to step up and you have to
make an assessment despite the fact that
there may be people who are clamoring on
either side of anything and make a
determination as to what it is in other
words like if you make it about a broad
policy instead of like your ability to
assess because you're afraid of being
pegged a righty or a lefty or whatnot
you're just gonna be in this quicksand
there the reason why you deep platform
Alex Jones is because he's spreading
disinformation as if it was news and I
know that people are like wow we can't
who we to say what news is you know what
you're you're an entity that says what
news is and if you lose customers good
there should be multiple of these
platforms that's the only way this is
going to work going forward because this
isn't gonna work
this is gonna keep it's gonna be
haphazard it's gonna be they're gonna be
there these companies are playing
politics and what they should just do is
like we make an assessment about what
reality is and we stand by it and we
should that's why there should be
multiple face books
that's why there should be multiple
platforms for podcasts so that people if
they do they have a disagreement with
that then that's fine I mean you know I
don't know there is no solution to Fox
News which is full of crap there is no
solution you can't say to cable carriers
don't carry them right because they
carry the sci-fi channel and none of
that stuff is real either that's all I
got news for you the sci-fi channel
almost 100% of the programming it's
completely fictional
I think Expos is more real than people
like but that's the problem that we have
you just these entities are gonna have
to make assessments and people are going
to have to learn to either like say like
oh this company this company makes
assessments that are rational and
grounded news companies are going to
have to make assessments that's why they
have all those resources right
I mean ostensibly it's to let us know
about our world and you have to be able
to say Alex Jones is it's crap and this
is this is satire and that is not satire
like the idea of good faith has to
actually be a little less squishy Alex
Jones is not delivering the truth as he
thinks it is Alex Jones is delivering
 and sometimes it's incredibly
offensive and destructive and so a
company should be able to say we're just
not gonna platform him but there should
be other opportunities for him to get
platform by other crappy companies I
can't help but think about when people
like Mark Zuckerberg maybe eight years
ago talking about how disruptive and
amazing that types of things their
platforms were gonna do for society and
now it's sort of like oh what have
we actually done and now we need to fix
problems and we have a much more humble
tasks ahead of us yeah what what he was
really interesting we're gonna make a
tonic
yeah exactly yeah yeah they're gonna get
all of the media outlets dependent on
Facebook for traffic and then ransom it
back to them and now they're changing
their formula so that you can't even buy
back your traffic that you used to have
from Facebook like they have call me
crazy but like I don't think it's a good
idea for a single private company to
have control over the entire Fourth
Estate absolutely crazy and this is I
mean I mean ultimately this is what why
we've got to break up things like
Facebook and the way that you do it I
mean I you know maybe we'll have
somebody on to talk about how one would
do that but there are there everybody
has ideas you can disaggregate parts of
it you can have regulations in terms of
what can be linked and what can't be
linked I mean this is gonna have to
happen folks because the brave new world
is really not turning out so good I vote
expropriate but that's probably not a
surprise right but I but I think like
you could you could cut it up into small
enough purposes that in some ways you
are expropriating the value at least a
huge chunk of the value and you're
disseminating it and you're you're
you're you're reassigning it I mean look
they did it with the phone company there
is certainly a case for nationalizing
infrastructure like that's not
necessarily a communist idea it we do it
I mean the there's I'm we've doing it
with what we're doing it by on some
level with with steel right I mean
that's not necessarily a taking in that
instance but all right here is uh here
is what is this is the this is Vic
burgers compilation of Alex Jones just
to remind you of just how sort of
despicable he is all I know is
psychopaths operate they're not human I
don't like them okay
you know I don't want this to have ever
happen but I wish it was real instead of
fake that is 100 times more scary Sandy
Hook is a synthetic completely fake with
actors in my view manufactured it's more
than these Dead's poor children's Isis
you got to go with your gut man my gut
tells me I've never felt this freaked
out it just is the fakest thing since a
$3 bill and you better get ready for
more of it folks
and as the good returns he's supposedly
there and Sandy Hook in front of the
memorial and his whole forehead it knows
blood is out Anderson Cooper has gotten
some explaining to do because I know
blue screen when I see it they clearly
used actors I mean they even ended up
using photos of kids killed in mass
shootings here in a fake mass shooting
in Turkey so yeah or Pakistan I will sit
there on the air and look at every
position and play devil's advocate was
that devil's advocate it the whole thing
is a giant hoax the whole thing was fake
the Sandy Hook hoax the whole thing is
fake yes because I remember in even that
day a little bit from Emory then saying
but then some of it looks like it's real
but then what do you do when they've got
the kids going in circles in and out of
the building with their hands up I've
watched the footage and it looks like a
drill walking in circles
[Music]
Wow yeah I mean this guy is a malignant
force
he's a scourge and so in that respect I
think it's fine but we do have a bigger
problem and really it's basically just
gonna have to be come down where people
are going to have to make assessments
and we're gonna have to we're gonna have
to break up these platforms and make
them not as important so the idea of a a
platform saying hey we don't want to be
associated with this is not that big of
a deal for that that person or that
entity and people who want some
semblance of reality will congregate in
one place and people who want that type
of stuff they'll go and find it and that
happens is
all the time right I mean before we had
an Internet if you want to read garbage
magazines you could read garbage
magazines you just go and pick it up and
when you buy it it's self-contained and
also on the other end of the spectrum
may be some public grants for actual
journalism are in order because it's
been really hard to watch my industry
get completely destroyed by the market
and you know if we are in an info war
and there is some public value and
having accurate news sources out there
then we got to do something about it of
course and I think the more you break
that stuff up then the the less
concerning any possible legitimate
concerns about a so called state-run
media or a state paid for media go out
the window if you have a dozen other
outlets and people act like we don't
have like state-run media if you watch a
local news report half the stories are
just press releases from the local
police department yes or from
corporations right
