[Music]
let's get to this this this story of
democratic centrists gathering this is
by Gabriel Adi benedetti
at New York magazine in Ohio more than
200 centrist lawmakers operatives and
donors including some Clinton backers
flew in from 20 of the country's most
politically relevant states to listen to
a lot of speeches and panels to try and
figure out how exactly their embattled
faction could escape electoral isolation
spearhead a blue triumph in 2020 the
Third Way had spent the last two years
conducting research and testing messages
and now emerging from hours of strategy
and policy sessions polling data
slideshows Silicon Valley style
discussions about how best to influence
the party's disruptors they were here to
make clear to the insurgent progressive
left that the center now intends to
stand up and fight back and it has not
is not getting money from pharma
industry to put out boring reports and
dolf policy john cowan president of the
think-tank co-hosting the proceedings
with New York City real estate executive
of Winston Fischer thank you then we're
actually doing this for a very
straightforward reason to stand up and
launch a serious compelling economic
alternative to sander ISM yeah over two
days of hotel coffee powdered powered
chatter the crowd also faced up to the
reality that they're still working on
what exactly that fight is going to look
like the problem is and this and I'm
raising this because it wouldn't plays
clip from a conversation we had on MSNBC
last night the time was right according
to third way leaders to show some spine
which they hope would trickle down to
lawmakers jockeying to lead the the
party Cowan said the fight has barely at
the debate has it barely even begun the
reason why the debate has barely even
begun is because they have
no policy prescriptions like they are
trying to figure out where they will
land to not alienate the entire
Democratic Party he called for the rise
of the opportunity Democrats a line of
messaging built out of extensive
research that was then presented by
Lenni Erickson hat lack see third wave
vice president whose online piyo begins
with their proud vote for Ross Perot in
a fifth grade mock election well that's
real trendsetter right there
the new economic platform leans heavily
on words like earn and opportunity and
away from demonizing tycoons the policy
backbone of the pitch includes an
American investment bank designed to
back Main Street not Wall Street Oh God
entrepreneurs a boomer core part time
national service program for senior
citizens whose earnings would be
tax-free Jesus this was literally the
bit like what I had Taibbi on last week
on Jan we were talking about this this
ridiculous Frank Bruni article which
coincide with this and I was doing the
Clinton like it's about building a
bridge to 21st century with school
uniforms and an opt-in to support small
businesses in your local community and
this is absolutely universal private
retirement savings accounts funded by
employers they used to call those
pensions and so and also I believe also
a small business bill of rights that
they said the time has come to mend but
not end capitalism for a new era big
isn't enough its bold its and it's old
it's simply old so but here's the point
okay I mean there's a lot of critique of
this they're talking about oh and here's
the the other part that was interesting
they're saying who exactly will make the
third waste pitch to the primaries
become real and Jason Kander he's the
former Missouri Secretary of State who's
now decided to run for mayor but he's a
third way type I think I said
everybody's got a camera on their phone
that never worked but it really doesn't
now you can't just go and say one thing
to one group and another to another
group
now listen here is and I want you to
just I want to put a flag in that
because we were talking last night on
Chris Hayes's program as to why Bernie
Sanders and in particularly Alexandria
okay zo Cortes are well particularly AOC
has the Republicans and the
Conservatives so tied up in knots like
the the the all-out assault on someone
who is in a blue district there's no
there's not even a question as to
whether or not this person's gonna win
you know the Republican can win it
highly unlikely and the you know coming
off the heels of that daily caller thing
yesterday where the the associate editor
of The Daily Caller
almost like seemingly seems to be losing
grip on why she has a problem with you
know okay she owes Cortez's call for
like your children to deserve health
care and education and here let's just
listen to the discussion that we had
last night I was on with Michelle
Goldberg and really great lianna joy
gray and here is what we're talking
about that say one thing here which just
to be clear she also has a tremendous
amount of distinct political talent I
mean like just to be clear like if these
people are not create like out of thin
air like she is very good at doing this
that doesn't just like it's a little
beyond the message without a doubt but
but I I mean I don't mean to repeat
myself but I think the policy
prescriptions are almost secondary
there's nothing offensive and what she's
saying in terms of like people wanting
to their kids to have health care but I
think the idea that it is being
straightforward that is completely laid
out there speaks to the whole broader
issue that you know politico's don't
Sharlee contemplate but it's just like
basically like do I think that person is
authentic are they telling me what they
believe they are and they seem to be
pretty confident about it and I think
that goes a lot further one second now
the earlier you know we were talking
about the the notion of when ALC goes
out there when Bernie Sanders goes out
there the right is only used to saying
things like they're a secret socialist
they like secretly
you know and like all of it is they're
telling you one thing but they really
want this to become socialist and I
think for a long time the assumption by
some was that was that it was the
socialism that was scaring people
but really what added the fear factor
was that it was secret that there is
clandestine and with AOC and Bernie
Sanders none of that's there they come
out and they deliver their message in a
very straightforward way and there is no
secret socialism it's just like they're
coming out and they're saying it and the
my point there about the delivery and I
think Breanna you know a misinterpret of
what I was saying is that because
they're delivering it because they they
can actually have a policy prescription
that they believe in and they're not
running from they can come out and they
sound completely confident and
completely authentic whereas these guys
who are talking about how they're going
to deliver their Third Way message have
to figure out how they can deliver this
message in a way that's not going to be
offensive to to the their their their
potential constituents I mean the
Republicans largely have this problem
too but they managed to sort of you know
hide the ball a little bit with a bunch
of other cultural issues more often than
not you know with the vast majority of
their voters looks like the Michele
Bachmann thing you always talk about
where she's talking to one camera and
slightly off the other one exactly and
but she at the very least I mean she
sounds
crazy to the rest of the country the
difference here is that you can talk to
those people who want socialism but you
can talk also to the Daily Caller writer
and the only thing that she's coming up
with it's like this is so good it's got
to be fattening or it's like it's like
it's like there's something sinful about
this in some way well that's the only
attractive mark Blythe's explained that
in the austerity book that the the
moralistic rhetoric of austerity is the
other argument for the rationality like
it can't be that we don't have to punish
people to get out of a crisis here is
like the the the problem with that now
that the Republicans have is well the
other they just spent the past two years
essentially saying like forget the
deficit right like so there's not even
that to hang it now it has to actually
enter into a certain amount of morality
well even a brian schatz brian schatz
said remember brian schatz
you know who's there was actually
interesting piece on him from new york
magazine kind of cutting us somewhat
similar to Merkley Lane and said well he
said we don't have to worry about paying
right but what we're witnessing now is
and kori Robin had a piece a brief
response to that same video that we saw
the other day from this Daily Caller
woman where he said he's been reading
the the Buckeye which I guess is a Greek
play about Diane dyad Dionysus and and
whatnot and he says it reminds me of the
play which is all about how alluring and
desirable and seductive are the things
that an upright ruler of the polis of
jours
and how hard he must work to shut his
ears to the siren songs of Denis in
excess and pleasure and he writes we're
used we're used to and familiar with
these easy Freudian readings of sexual
morality of the right but what if they
also apply to the economic morality of
the right and and they're relying on
that and so we have a situation now
where the the Third Way Democrats are
having the same problem that the
Republicans are that we have to deliver
our policy prescriptions with very
rounded edges at best because we're now
competing against people who are just
delivering their policy prescriptions
and they can do so in the only moment
where you see this doesn't work right is
that moment when ALC does that interview
and she stumbles for a moment she
doesn't say anything that is really any
different from the sort of the
mainstream left on on Israel and and in
some instances some of it was just
American policy I mean it's not
controversial to say that those are the
occupied territories but the hesitation
was like is she really delivering what
she believes that's what that sort of
sort of mutated into and that is the
sort of I think unspoken advantage that
someone like AOC has she's obviously
very talented and and and but also the
same with Bernie Sanders there was never
a question is he saying what people and
also the simplicity of the policies
lends itself to it was like yeah
everybody gets health care no nonsense
on the other hand like like Bill Clinton
is so funny because all of these idiots
who are trying to replicate like Bill
Clinton and Tony Blair and to some
extent Obama what they don't understand
is it's like if you want to make these
types of like piecemeal technocratic
things sound remotely appealing to
people you need to have like once in a
generation political talent and most of
you don't right pull testing and
consultants and like obviously the
centrists are gonna have more money
behind them at least at first because
they're taking money from all kinds of
corporate donors but uh you know what
when you don't have to pretend to be a
progressive well that's a whole lot
easier to figure out your messaging
maybe you don't need all those
consultants and poll testing well I mean
it doesn't hurt but it's just a much
easier process at the end it's like it's
it's you can actually answer questions
about it because you're being
straightforward and so that level of
confidence but Bree had a a story to
follow this up but I just the the it is
not simply about presentation it is
literally about like you don't have to
hide the ball when you're coming out and
we have not seen that type of politics
in this country for a long time yes then
we imagine I think there's something to
the delivery of course but you can't
also ignore the
something like 70% of all congressional
candidates who are in between districts
Democrat to have won Rance entering a
healthcare as you know the central
policy when I was in Kansas I got a ride
home from the airport with a 75 year old
Trump voter and her daughter and when I
asked her you know what she was doing
because she talked to me about how she
appreciated that her grandkids could be
on health care longer because of
Obamacare she appreciated that she was
on Medicare and when it was all about
Medicare expansion she was concerned
that both of her adult children were
living at home couldn't get a working a
living wage and didn't have health care
and when I explained to her that I was
going to a Bernie rally and these are
good things like for any cared about it
didn't take but a 10-minute car ride to
get her on board and I think that you
can't undervalue the fact that people
are gonna have to be policy wrongs to
understand that basic policies that
enable them to live a life in a wealthy
and moral America as Acacio Cortez says
matter and its people have done a
disservice to not have had them all
these years and there's a redoing her
her Thomas Friedman impersonation but
the cab ride but I mean I think that's
true but I think also part of it is that
it's there the policies are very
explicit it's really a problem that
Thomas Friedman has ruined that ruin the
classic yeah because like you actually
can like it's not a bad idea to a place
and like listen well like when I was in
Detroit last spring right I had this I
think I mentioned it on the show because
we were talking about boy Betsy DeVos
did to Michigan and this woman who was
driving me to the airport in a lift you
know we were chatting and she's like
yeah yeah this is what I do during the
summer I'm a full time middle school
teacher I was like yeah that really hits
home about everything we've been talking
about and she's like I haven't a raisin
in I forgot how many years it was but
several years and like our union just
keeps getting beat and it was like well
you know that that was actually a very
good and worthwhile verse a ssin and I
wish this idiot didn't ruin that because
you know you can't even like report the
information with that she's like Thomas
free that I was
into the chapo episode on the Ozzy fest
and we'll actually starts off with one
of those overheard things that sounds
too good to have actually been overheard
right it's like even chapo guys fell
into it as soon as I got there I'm
pretty sure it was real but can I say
two more fast things about this sure uh
so I like how they call it sanders ISM
like this is somehow all his fault and
he invented social democracy it's a bit
a historical well I think that's why
they do it and they want to make it
about yeah yes they they know that that
he may have more weakness than the
actual policies he's espousing yeah for
sure and also when questioned on this
split within the Democratic Party that
we've been talking about at the Aussie
fest the other day Tom Perez refused to
acknowledge that it even exists he said
I see energy everywhere and then he
listed off a bunch of states he talked
about Doug Jones and then he talked
about AOC and he called her Alexandria
like their friends so but he was he was
there too oh oh yeah yeah they don't
give a about you and now everybody
an Adele cover band and then a
roundtable on education and innovation
they say an Adele cover me yes Shaun's
lucky I didn't leave him for Tom Perez
considering the amount of sexual
charisma he was using all the ladies
want the Tom Perez big big dick energy
all right it's true
don't be scared Samantha I lied about
Third Way well I go clean up these
biddies this was really stunning
