[Music]
let me tell you why we're gonna play
these clips okay one the first set of
clips are gonna play because it's Jordan
Peterson again sort of like showing that
the guy has not really thought out
anything that he espouses I want to say
he's full of crap
I think that's legit also the other
thing that I think is that Joe Rogan is
the biggest podcaster in the country I
mean not the biggest maybe there's one
or two other but but certainly the
biggest independent one and probably the
biggest one who's talking who gets
political at all right
and has the furthest reach with people
who are not of this of our political ilk
and so I think he's a pretty important
figure and I don't I mean I think maybe
on occasion one of the videos that we do
he sees but I bet not not that often
but it's good it's good we you know you
know it's a little butterfly the the the
wings of a butterfly thing right like a
you know little flutter or a ripple or
whatever it's going to be horrendous in
any way but this is it's good to see
Rogan both thinking critically when
sitting across the table from someone
like Jordan Peterson
we saw him also do this with Rubin and
it's pretty funny good for him for
having the ability to go out and be more
social with us and Rubin could learn a
lot from Rogan actually indeed and then
we have another clip of Rogan which is
even even better but here all right so
here's Jordan Peterson making his
argument that all politics except for
his are bad in some way and just exactly
we'll go through this is it's
fascinating it's their moral
responsibility to dissociate themselves
from the rat
just as it's the moral response my
positive positive so he's saying that
the the sane left needs to disassociate
themselves and so that's where we're
picking up pull it back a little bit
it's their moral responsibility to
dissociate themselves from the radicals
just as it's the moral responsibility of
reasonable conservatives to dissociate
themselves from the Birch John Burton
and Ku Klux Klan types that's a very
important point but but the problem but
it isn't just the moderate left's
problem because even the people on the
right don't know what to point to when
they say no you've gone too far as a
leftist now I've tried to it's
complicated because I think it's it
might be more than one policy I think
the really deadly leftist presumption is
equality of outcome I think as soon as
you start talking about equality of
outcome you should be put in the box and
put off the shelf I posit so okay so he
says the the the the the the thing that
makes a leftist equivalent to a john
birch or KKK these are the people who
would hang black people for being black
okay is the idea that you want everyone
to have the the same benefits in society
now a quality of outcome is a little bit
of a caricature right because it really
isn't like it's the equality of outcome
in some basic life things that life has
to offer you like housing you won't go
hungry like you won't go hungry
everybody should get a basic minimum of
food everybody should get be able to get
a basic minimum of housing have free
speech everybody every speech have yeah
I mean quality under the law there are
you know now and there may be
differences amongst people as to what
those outcomes should be is that really
outcomes because it should really
actually be starting it at birth so it
you know for people so it's not really
like you go through a process and
everybody wins a medal it's just that
like there's no process people have
metals
and it's not metals it's really the
things like food or money or you know
and so but there are some people who say
that okay there should be no difference
in in in you know there's there's a
range of stuff right I mean there's a
range okay but just that's what that
peterson thinks is the show is the death
knell that is the concept that there
would be anything any type of equality
amongst people that is imposed other
than from what he thinks is the sort of
the the magic in the fairness of the
market which in and of itself is BS but
but that's his opinion but i continue it
might be more than one policy i think
the really deadly leftist presumption is
equality of outcome i think as soon as
you start talking about equality of
outcome you should be put in the box and
put off the shelf that's the but but it
isn't obvious why like that doesn't
sound like you know white people overall
it doesn't have the same guttural punch
that the excess of the right has now why
might it be that everyone deserves
health care and everybody deserves to be
able to eat and everybody deserves an
education does not have the same
guttural punch as let's kill all the
black people or send them you know to
ever or or before people are best or you
know why do you think that doesn't have
the same guttural punch i wonder if
perhaps maybe they aren't equally as
reprehensible even if you don't like a
quality of outcome that killing people
that you think are racially inferior to
you or dispossessing people who are
racially inferior to you is
fundamentally much worse than saying
everybody deserves a basic minimum now
even leaving aside that notion that his
ideas are a little bit nuts this is
where it becomes clear that this guy is
a charlatan that he hasn't even spent
twenty minutes on thinking about this
stuff maybe he's good with whatever he
does in terms of
therapy I don't know what he does in
terms of therapy but when it comes to
talking about it so long as a
professional ethics board associate
cultural Marxism or or whatever it also
he goes neo Pines as he goes around to
these classical liberal whatever you
know shows that he does he doesn't spent
ten minutes thinking about this stuff
he's so slippery too like he never
defines what outcome means well talking
about it well here's here that this is
where he gets a little tripped up
because he doesn't know what he's
talking about and here is evidence of
that as Joe Rogan in the course of the
conversation realizes like hey there's a
fundamental flaw in some of your most
important positions they're
irreconcilable this happening in
universities where women outnumber men
so the man hypothetically have more
sexual I posit oh I should tell you
they've shifted topics now they're
talking about this other thing that
Jordan Peterson is really interested in
which is that there is inequality
amongst the ability of some men to
fornicate with with women like it's not
distributed as you know he has in the
past talked about the perhaps we need to
have forced monogamy or enforced
monogamy
yes okay and here we go I'm not talking
about myself I got crazytown women
outnumber men so the man hypothetically
have more sexual opportunity but that
isn't what happens what happens is that
a small minority of men have all the
sexual opportunity a fairly large
minority of men don't the women are on
half because they can't find a committed
relationship it's bad for most of the
men and the men who have all the sexual
opportunity gets cynical but isn't this
in some ways against your whole idea of
equality of outcome because you're
you're talking about equality of sexual
outcome now if these men have you like
James that's the dominant basketball
player that just kicks everyone's ass
this is the this this is a guy who's
succeeded at the highest level right
well there's going to be people like
that
sexually there's going to be people that
are better
at finding mates and that this is what
they enjoy they enjoy having many mates
they enjoy being yes but but if this is
what they enjoy if it's a man who
doesn't want a family and enjoys dating
multiple women huh
why is that bad well I think the
fundamental reason it's bad is because
it's bad in the long run for children
it's bad for children if he chooses to
have children that's a fundamental issue
as far as I'm concerned right and I
think it's the answer look positive okay
so the implication of that bad for
children I know that sounds a little bit
wait what I don't get it he's saying
that it's bad because you don't want
children born to a father or you know
who born who don't have fathers present
in their lives now we should also just
say that the percentage of children born
into families with one parent presumably
most often the mother has gone down has
gone down despite the fact that we
haven't had forced monogamy but leave
that aside because this is where it
starts getting sticky for him where he
starts to sort of say like oh okay so
it's in this narrow case of people who
are not going around who are just having
on college campuses the rampant amount
of women who are having children out of
wedlock with the one stud on kid the one
stat on campus this big problem that he
proceeds but okay but continue the same
point guard and ten other children's as
I'm concerned right and I think it's the
answer look to give the journalist
credit that is the point she was making
you know apart from pillory me and and
and and curricular in my perspective
that was the point she was making well
first of all I'm not in favor of
unbridled hierarchies I've already said
that you know the proclivity of a
hierarchy is that they're all the spoils
go to the person at the top right and
that can destabilize the whole structure
yes oh we have to have a dialogue about
how to rectify that but how did you
possibly rectify that if one man is but
like say if we've got
one second did anybody else pick up on
what the problem is here now when you
start to complain about a hierarchy and
in this case he's talking about in terms
of sexual but he's talking about
generally rank hierarchies where where
the the spoils concentrate at the top
does this sound familiar to you does it
sound like maybe Occupy Wall Street
sounds like see you as this mo bro does
this sound to you like it's on the
spectrum of equality of outcome because
look Jamie and I may have a disagreement
I don't know that we do but as to what
different categories where we want to
see a basic minimum for people where we
want a ret or we may disagree on what
the range of equality means like right
like you're not gonna get the exact same
thing is it because we can't live in the
same house right we all can't live in
one house we're not gonna be able to
make the housing stock exactly the same
it might be nicer to live in Florida
than it is to live in I don't know Maine
or vice versa
yes I'm not trying to redistribute the
weather right well but but the point
being that if you have a problem with
the concentration of something at the
top let's say like sexual prowess or
let's just say like power or let's say
like money then guess what you are
starting to say that you want some
measure of equality of outcome should be
put in a box and maybe that's why it
doesn't have that same guttural punch to
you as the idea that white people are
inherently better than other races
because you are one of us or maybe you
haven't even thought about how having a
problem with concentration at the top of
your pyramid is exactly what people are
probably just you're reading some
self-help books and uh getting freaked
out about on your camp is
turning into a whole double career hey
it's not like people need food and
shelter in order to live or anything sex
is like very important and if you're
worried about the kids yeah living
without with a single parent maybe you
should be worried about the kids
who
don't have access who are living with
two parents and don't have access to
food don't have access to a quality
education don't have access to higher
education or healthcare or a myriad of
other things that are in equal because
so much of the wealth in this country
and broadly speaking in the world is
concentrated in the hands of a few in
other words you want more equality of
outcome possibly rectified that if one
man is but like say if we've got one six
foot five beautiful man who's got a
perfect body and yet brilliant just
wants to date a bunch of women and all
the rest of the people or five foot one
and they're fat and they're lazy and
like this guy's gonna if this is the
competition positive I just want you to
know that Matt stood up to show us that
he's the tallest person in the yeah let
me say Sam Harris that's how it's done
there's a thought experiment continuing
to win yep yep there's no way around
this and yet even well what's decide to
have enforced monogamy where it becomes
a popular thing that women are gonna be
more drawn to him if he chooses to date
them they might decide I would rather
have him sometimes than never is that
actually what does happen but what is
wrong with that well what's wrong with
it is that it destabilized the society
and it's bad for children right you said
that yeah but that's what if they don't
want to have children but there's a lot
of people that don't want to have
children there's a lot of people that
choose to go their entire life without
having children as men and their 30s I'm
one of some of my friends I vasectomies
they don't want children mm-hmm so why
why would that help in any way these
involuntary celibates
well I think you tilt the society so
that it serves the interests of well
that's a good question but you've seen
my point that moment when he says I
think you tilt society so it serves the
those who have less
oh no ice to ease their need right or
whatever leads from their believed each
according to their notion oh that's a
good question up again dammit I
should have thought about this before I
went on tour from once to let me spouse
it let me reset this you know there's
new research that actually says the
children are much more upset by um not
having two parents than by starving did
he just invent Marxist Leninist Peterson
ISM honestly I mean all right so go back
watch that moment where say that's a
good question I have gotten he hears
himself talking anything I can't I
didn't say that wait a second on
children mm-hmm
so why why would that help in any way
these involuntary celibates well I think
you tilt the society so that it serves
the interests of well that's a good
question deep but you've see my point
but I see your point no doubt about it
you're almost having you're almost
forcing and in an equality of outcome no
that would not was her point to him to
the degree that she had a point that was
her point now and but I but it's not who
doesn't run contrary to my opinions that
the issue of outcome has to be addressed
I already said there's needs to be a
reason for the left and the right and
then the problem with hierarchies is
they can get too steep and destabilize
everything right does happen that
particularly happens in the sexual
domain and there's plenty of
anthropological evidence for that
there's also a lot of evidence that it's
happening in the economic domain in fact
I would argue much more evidence I would
argue that the economic domain probably
drives what's going on in the sexual
it's very yeah I would argue that
 be trifling and there's a lot of
research according to anthropology I
mean Joe Rogan just unwound this in
guy's entire stick I can walk you up all
my breads what slideshow is to see how
angry he gets this thing gone do you
notice that like where he's like doing
like he likes oh no that's that's his
fake I'm super no no he gets angry
mainly a
at non-friendly female journalist well
that's a job that was that she was show
that's his ultra concentrated way no
that's like there it is right there
that's what she's saying I'm giving you
the Gibbons also like I really have to
concentrate horns out and I'm about to
headbutt you
you know talk about cultural Marxism no
like that is literally what he just
described Indy I know who should play
Jordan Peterson and I international
intellectual dark web movie is Matt
Dillon there you go I kind of see it you
would do that really well all right and
let's just play this clip folks I you
can hang on the phones we're not going
to get to everybody not by a long shot
today I am sorry
