one thing that I think you know in and
and I think clearly right I mean this is
I mean certainly Donald Trump is a
function of the backlash Donald Trump's
acclaim at least and this
I shouldn't say claimed but his his
political salience I guess is a function
of Barack Obama almost you know like a
one-to-one relationship right I mean it
was his his birth or ISM but but more
broadly speaking I don't want to just
stay on this just for one more moment
because I mean we have I mean look right
you can see these and I think it was her
name escapes me but she wrote a book
called white rage which shows that you
have you know our history basically as a
country has been a function of black
people are emancipated a reconstruction
happens then there is a backlash to that
and that's where we get all these
monuments to to Lee into the Civil War
put up and we see a rise in the KKK
and then we see some of that die down
and then we see a response and even in
Social Security the New Deal sort of
leaves African Americans out and then we
see things like redlining and and
whatnot and so there's always this sort
of like two steps forward maybe one step
back type of thing in terms of race
relations maybe maybe a step and a half
back I mean and right now maybe we're at
one point seven five steps back yeah but
but where what other factors are at play
I mean because on one level to there's
like a lot of loss of sort of social
cachet by a lot of these white guys
right right well that's right there is a
certain amount of disenfranchisement
that's been going on a lot of it has to
do with just the changing world and that
a lot of guys aren't prepared to change
with it a lot of people aren't prepared
to change with it
I think that resistance to change you
know they're really a lot of the
underlying issues have to do with
demographics the changing demographics
across America the places where Trump
most succeeded in the states we found
were places that were undergoing
dramatic demographic shifts in the
Midwest where suddenly these communities
have been seen lots and months of Latino
workers moving in even in the middle of
the gutting of the economies of those
regions you know where where you know
there's no longer a movie house in these
small towns there's no longer drugs
corner drugstores everybody's having to
drive to a Walmart because the economy
is out in the in rural America have been
so corporatized and the quality of life
has really diminished significantly and
and so they're seeing this at the same
time they're they're experiencing this
at the same time that they're seeing
these brown faces and of course they
blame them for it that's part of human
nature and that's what happens in when
you have demographic shifts like that
and it's not a coincidence you know a
lot of people like to they're one of the
myths about hate crimes is that hate
crimes occur during economic downturns
and the more we've studied eight crimes
the more we've learned that's just not
true that actually hate crimes increase
not when there is a economic downturn in
fact sometimes they increase during an
upturn but rather they increase during
period in places where there are
dramatic demographic shifts so so it's
not it's not economic it's it's more of
like a demographic it's just the
proximity to people who are not white I
mean yeah familiarity you know I I don't
know that it's you know a lot of these
folks will tell you well I'm out racist
and of course you hear that all the time
and on the surface they're not and you
know if you dig deep enough you they do
have these sort of embarrassed that you
know race in imbues certain
and inevitable characteristics in your
character and and your intellect and of
course we know that's not true
but that's that's a very common attitude
out there in Middle America and but
those folks don't think of racism in
those terms they think of racism as
actually hate actively hating people of
other races and so they'll say well I'm
not racist right but but yeah they they
really do have a lot of this sort of
buried level of racism going on but that
said it's they're not terribly malicious
about it and they typically don't
consciously actively hate people of
other races it's just that it's new to
them and it's part of this downturn in
the quality of their lives all right so
let's talk about alt America which is a
slightly different phenomena right where
where there's a there's sort of in some
ways that alienation that they feel from
people they're seeing for the first time
we're living next to for the first time
we're having to in some way perceive
it's almost like a perceived insult
right like I've got a press to to speak
English on the phone or something yeah
exactly
that the this has led to this this sort
of seeking like of another narrative and
that's that's what gets us to to all
America tell us about alt America
well Altamura is this concept that I
sort of devised because I've been you
know when I started reporting on the
militia movement back in the 1990's one
of the things I really noticed right
away was that they create this
alternative universe for themselves an
epistemological bubble of sorts where
they you know can see would they sort of
interpret reality through the prism of
this belief system they have which is
really turns everything upside down you
know left is right and right is wrong
and and and up is down often I mean it's
really
the bizarre universe where you know as
well in the current state it's that you
know Barack Obama was a secret Muslim
who actually wasn't a legitimate
American citizen that globalists are
conspiring to enslave mankind under a
new world order and that you know they
all of the very is that ones here that
they yeah well it's it is a they you
know I mean all you have to do is listen
Alex Jones to get a taste of all the
various conspiracy theories that Hillary
Clinton was part of a a pedophilia
scheme at ping-pong pizza and they were
shipping children to a colony on Mars
you know that kind of stuff well what
what's that about I mean why is that why
is that gaining credence like it's about
what good going it's about authoritarian
personalities what these folks what
really is common to all of these folks
especially the people who subscribe to
conspiracy theories is what we call
driving authoritarian personalities and
there's really been just a huge increase
in authoritarianism in America a lot of
it has to do with the spread of
right-wing media such as Fox News as
well as I think a lot of the
fear-mongering and it's gone with it
since 9/11 and you know years and years
of conditioning people to be fearful it
forces people it actually I think pushes
people into a state of authoritarianism
and authoritarianism is a really
distinct especially driving
authoritarianism has really distinct set
of characteristics let's talk let's say
that I think like literally maybe 12
hours after Trump won the election I dug
up my BOB altameyer
audiobook and I reached out to him I've
not been able to get him frankly to come
on to the show um yes and I'm gonna
check in with him again to see if I can
convince him to do it but but but tell
us about because I'm not sure the people
people use authoritarianism and but
right-wing authoritarianism our lwas
I think he refers to him in his book and
there's also a lwa it's left-wing
authoritarian it's break those concepts
down to us because this is the thing
that I think people need to understand
to understand why like there is a
personality type that exists it's almost
like you have a latent allergy and if
you're not in an area where you know you
could be allergic to pollen but if I'm
in a pollen free environment you
wouldn't know it but then when you get
exposed to the pole and then the allergy
the the you exhibit the signs of someone
who's allergic to something right well
right-wing authoritarianism really
revolves around these three behavioral
and attitudinal clusters the first one
is what they call authoritarian
submission which is to believe that all
people in an orderly properly orderly in
and smooth-running society will submit
to the rule of the authoritarian leader
whose instincts are superior to the law
and so on and so forth and but it has
always got to be a legitimate leader
right the second aspect is and if you're
not a legitimate leader as in if you're
viewed as illegitimate as Barack Obama
was then you become the subject of the
second as that trait or cluster of
priming authoritarianism which is
authoritarian aggression and
authoritarian aggression really is
directed at anyone who does not properly
submit to the authoritarian rule now or
is an illegitimate leader as with Barack
Obama or before him
Bill Clinton and the third component is
conventionalism the it's kind of a is
this view that they represent the real
Americans it's that they're that they
are perfectly actually you know secretly
the voice of the silent majority right
and this is of course very common with
right-wing extremists but it's also
really spread into the mainstream and
altameyer his studies over the course of
2530 years found that 25 if I remember
correctly 25 percent of North Americans
are right-wing authoritarians I think
it's probably higher now I think
probably that numbers got to be higher I
think Trump has actually pushed those
numbers quite a bit higher I think a lot
of people are more authoritarian now
because of Trump because they're
following him and it's become a more
popular thing so I would say if you look
at poll numbers I would say it's
probably around 34% we do know that 61%
of Republican voters say there's nothing
that Trump could do to make him do you
make them turn off to him that he's that
they're loyal to him no matter what and
that's a pretty powerful indicator of
authoritarianism right there I think if
you wanted a perfect example of that
Bill Mitchell that guy on Twitter is
like almost like honestly like the sort
of a perfect example of what an
authoritarian we should say
authoritarians they're all their
followers they're not we're not talking
about the authoritarian Pied Piper we're
talking about authoritarians as a group
of people who are basically wandering
around looking for that pollen that you
know makes that brings out their
qualities of like Oh daddy's here now
and good well and we've had over
generations in this country it's just
that they've never had that singular
dynamic figure around whom they could
rally before and Trump has provided them
with that and then that's the key thing
here's
the personalities of the authoritarian
leaders are actually very distinctly
different category they fall into what
we call social dominance orientation
personalities and they're frequently
very narcissistic almost sociopathic and
that reminds me yeah yeah you know they
will you probably know a lot of people
who who are what we call stos because
they often rise to key levels and
corporations and and in media so but
it's but when you get that it's what
altameyer calls the leaf of the Union
when you get and combine these rhyming
authoritarians with that sdo personality
in that perfect match as we seem to have
here that yeah you wind up having the
trains run on time to the concentration
camps you know that's that's the danger
and and they are you know as they they
don't have a lot in common
our lwase aren't necessarily very power
hungry
whereas sdo czar and but the one thing
they really have in common is they're a
shared value is they don't believe in
equality they believe in equality is the
natural state of man and that efforts at
achieving equality of opportunity
equality of justice under the law and so
on and so forth are sucker words these
are these are sucker concepts and
they're not going to fall for it
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS
have come back but not nearly as much as
we had before so if you can help us out
any little bit helps head over to our
patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
