[Music]
Hondo
[Music]
Tommy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
majority rapport with Sam's Sita the
destiny of America is always safer in
the hands of the people than in
conference rooms of any elite
they are unanimous hate for me and I
hatred we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar
[Music]
it is Monday August 30th 2017 my name is
Sam cedar this is the four-time award
winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today it's
actually the five-time award-winning
majority to report the perp walks begin
manifold gates and Papadopoulos
meanwhile Jared Kushner under a separate
investigation in Maryland for running
atrocious housing projects and worse
than collusion Puerto Rico moves to dump
whitefish energy company completely
unqualified to bring electricity to the
island where 80% of the population
remains without energy may well Betsy
DeVos will roll back that nasty debt
forgiveness given to defrauded students
the ACA open enrollment starts on
Wednesday it is totally under assault
and Republicans we Lindale on taxes they
plan to drop their plan on Wednesday
mana for it won't help things and the
uranium one story falls apart don't know
why we need to talk about it but some
people feel compelled to so we will
definitively wrap that one up look look
all my wife's cross and congratulations
to 2016 co2 concentration hit an 800,000
year high
at least my wife's not president and
those NYPD cops who claim that they had
consensual sex with an 18 year old girl
in their custody have now been charged
with rape all that and more on today's
program ladies and gentlemen well it is
it's Muller Monday today tough stuff
tough stuff some really tough stuff and
we will go through the this story in in
a moment you should know that this is
obviously not the only story okay this
Muller stuff is it's important it it has
I think a lot more importance
politically in the short term than it
does legally but we will get to that in
a moment but I would do want to make it
clear there are other stories that are
important for instance Fox News this
morning is the only seems to be the only
network out there okay
to its credit that is not getting all
caught up in this first round of arrests
by special counsel Miller and so to
their credit they are also the only ones
as far as I can tell we're talking about
this story these burger emoji causing a
frenzy online we've been talking about
it all morning can you see what's wrong
with this picture the cheese is
underneath the hamburger who does that
compared to competitors google appears
to be the only tech company putting
cheese below the patty Google's CEO
sundar pichai responding on Twitter
saying quote we'll drop everything else
we are doing an address on Monday folks
can agree on the correct way to do this
so we wanted to hear your comments and
Gerald says location of the cheese on a
hamburger is based on which side of the
equator you are on
what cell that goes down under okay all
right Rana writes I worked at a
restaurant in my younger days and we
were taught to put the lettuce under the
burger to keep the bun from getting
soggy and according to John he says as
long as the cheese is between the two
pieces of bread it works for me so I
think people that are through it all
tastes the same goodbye it way to get to
the bottom of that chili and good work
yeah indeed hugh janus i actually you
know it looks bad for google i googled
it and it showed that the cheese should
be on top of the burger why don't we
have cheeseburgers to try it out I'm for
that respond to that and also you know
like there there there there there crawl
at this point says guard said he said in
a tweet Sunday I'm passionate about my
city my body the hey Sam I bet your
likes I don't know what is it fat on
your baka because you're a gay lesbian
European oh my god not paying much
attention mall all those the amo and
stuff was all girls oh yes bye bye
9 a.m. this morning your 10:00 a.m.
folks
holiday business gifting is fast
approaching this year choose gifts that
are simple to give and get choose Omaha
Steaks they've got a huge variety like a
premium skate stakes to skillet meals
super easy to order we got a shipment in
here what was it was it like last around
Father's Day I think it was no father's
there it took about 3 seconds I've never
seen the viciousness around this office
so would people are jump jump for that
it was intense and you were like it's
made you guys just get the sides yes but
for just my listeners you can enjoy
special holiday pricing on the perfect
business gift it's an ideal holiday gift
through your
clients employers or partners also
employees but it'll be a great gift for
an employer the perfect business gift
includes four bacon-wrapped trip tip
steaks for Omaha steak burgers for
gourmet Franks so I love the Ducks two
boneless pork chops for kielbasa
sausages for free caramel apple tartlets
oh gosh
plus you get free shipping this
exclusive holiday gift package is only
$59.99 go to Omaha Steaks calm type
report in the search bar they got that
funky way of doing it it's a secret way
that's actually I feel like I'm not
saying it's a bad way no I know it's
secret
you go into the search bar you type
report then you choose the perfect
business gift again visit Oh mistakes
calm enter code report in the search bar
send or experience this is clue
exclusive gift package for only $59.99
and it ships for free you know I have
actually bought you a gift my capitalist
exploiters do you remember that I bought
you a nice gift once you do just a
curtain what is it a bottle you give me
a bottle booze I got you a really nice
Trinidadian rum on after one of my trips
to Trinidad I did I drink that all in
one night I feel like I leave it to you
and you're like thanks and then a couple
days later you came in yeah I think that
was good all right let's get to these
the mana for stores I mean it turns out
that the there's a lot going on today
and two people were arrested today Paul
Manafort and I guess what you would call
his his consigliere Rick gates
I don't understood II understudy mint
tea mint tea but the real story
the more interesting story might even be
this third guy Papadopoulos who was a
low-level foreign policy adviser
remember during the the campaign Jeff
Sessions ran the foreign policy shop of
the Trump administration and he's also
the guy who brought in Carter Page Jeff
Sessions so or presumably oversaw Carter
page I should say and Papadopoulos
apparently pled guilty to lying to
federal investigators like a month ago I
don't know if he actually pled out or
what but he's been working with Muller's
team that's important let's put a pin in
that for a moment so mana fort was
indicted by a federal grand jury I guess
on Thursday or Friday the 27th whatever
day that was the indictment contains 12
counts conspiracy against the United
States which sounds a lot more dramatic
than it is that's actually when you just
basically commit a federal crime on some
level that's not as sort of nefarious as
it sounds
conspiracy to launder money apparently
they're talking about like some 1450
million dollars that he laundered mm-hm
unregistered agent of a foreign
principle he's been doing that sort of
thing think think basically since the
eighties well I think for the last 10-15
years
false and misleading feira statements
which basically are similar charges
false statements seven counts of failure
to file reports of foreign bank and
financial accounts so basically they've
rolled him up on all sorts of financial
improprieties money laundering etc etc
I'm not I am NOT and I think brick gates
has the exact same 12
of indictments they were both involved
in this
I feel like gates might find out that
like because I think Gates's was only
like three or four million I guess
Manafort was more than 18 million
I get the feeling Gates is gonna find
out like hey wait a second you told me
you only laundered like 7 million well I
thought we were partners in that there
you crazy in operation hey you hold on
one goddamn second
yo Italian so I imagine most people are
familiar with who man afford is was he
had been representing the Ukrainian
government or a specific leader in the
Ukrainian government for an extended
period of time
he came on to the campaign in I think it
was April or March first as basically a
delegate counter more or less and then
as the chairman the the manager the
campaign chairman manager of the
campaign I should say and was there I
think until about August I I gotta say
talk about regretting a decision because
manna Ford had been under investigation
I think as early as 2012 because of
money dealings and they had closed the
investigation on him and they reopened
it I think because he was so prominent
so one theory I've heard is that there
was a lot of money owed to him by some
of these clients and so he took the gig
with Trump to basically be like hey I
still have clout like you should pay out
oh that's interesting
yeah that's interesting so it's just
total greed total great and that was I
gotta say one of the best things about
him
greed probably was one of the most
attractive features of Paul Manafort to
a guy like Donald Trump
because I don't think it was mana for
its smooth ability to address a
controversy this clip we've played in
the past but it is worth repeating this
is when Norah O'Donnell on on CBS this
morning this was when was the date of
this this is over the summer obviously
when he was the campaign manager and
this is the way that he responded so to
be clear mr. Trump has no financial
relationships with any Russian oligarchs
that's what he said and that's what I
said that's obviously what the our
position is that you can almost see man
afford in his brain I was back in July
27 you can almost see mana for it like
it clocking through his head going this
was a mistake
this was a mistake I should have just
should just accept this I should have
just I got 18 mil instead of like trying
to go for the 26 mil I multiple
apartments I should have just got he's
not gonna pay me he should have been
alright it should have been but that's
that's our position
yeah and you know it was great was that
in this you got a real it the other the
paradox of mana fort though is that he
was also the one who came on in the
campaign it was like all right like you
can't call that kid in the wheelchair
 gonna need to tone races right oh
yeah
100% he was the all right we need to
pretend to not be bigoted so the only
other thing I can tell you about gates
Rick Gates from what I I know is that he
was like a mini mana fort he had a I
don't know exactly what his position in
the in the campaign was working under
man afford
apparently when mana Ford got jettisoned
gates because gates had also been
lobbying on behalf of the the Ukrainian
government and Yanukovych I think is how
we pronounce his name
gates teamed up or basically ingratiated
himself with that guy Barak the Tom
Barrett Tom Barrett oh yeah ass guy and
I was like explain to remind everybody
he was entrepreneur he was one of the
character testimonials about Trump at
the convention that's right and I can't
remember what he what his business is
he's know about real estate yeah he's a
real estate guy I don't think he's just
a film producer a motivational speaker
and a motivational speaker and I was
that was really came through on his
speech the best part about this though
so berrak when he comes in to meet Trump
brings gates and or did I don't know if
this is still happening but Gates was
directly working for tam-tam Barrack
basically following the it's unclear
when sometime the beginning of the year
maybe after the after the election and
so this is the best or this is from The
Daily Beast is back in June White House
staff noted that his presence speaking
of gates was conspicuous since the
president didn't even like him right
Rick just wandered around a Republican
source familiar with the most recent
White House visit told The Daily Beast
my understanding is that Trump had no
idea he was in the building otherwise he
wouldn't be too happy okay Trump still
hates him this from another GOP source
according to to this is the best part
according to two former senior Trump
campaign officials Trump's dislike for
gates began as
case of mistaken identity four weeks
after Gates was hired by the campaign
aides would mention Rick and Trump would
assume that they meant his national
political director Rick Wiley not gates
what a jerk
Wiley was fired over a month just after
joining the Trump team so his aides
would be talking about Rick and he would
be like that guy still around I hate
that guy even though that guy had
already been fired
it wasn't until weeks after gates was
hired that Trump according to one former
senior campaign official saw gates and
asked who the hell is that when Trump
was informed who gates was he remained
unimpressed because he still had the
original disdain for the original Rick
so awesome this is just a new Rick that
I hate it's you're just your name is
Rick don't lie to and I hate that guy -
that's that that heard the crowd
attendance I hate that guy can can I
just total intermediary can I just
remind you can I just remind you that
only the best people I only hire the
best people Lester Rick some type of
affirmative action program for Rick's
totally unfair okay so this is what we
have right now yeah I just also had Tom
Barrett also been accused by Italian
authorities of 19 million euros of tax
evasion as well just just you know look
look this this that's our position I
don't know why is he not getting charged
with money laundering the only clip
we've played of Tom beric is the day
before the inauguration he said Kanye
wasn't traditional enough to perform
there okay taxes with mafia guys in
Sardinia but a black guy at the freakin
I don't think so okay let's let's talk
about Papadopoulos because this might be
the most interesting thing with a man
afford stuff I feel like they they
basically had played it out and they
rolled him up and I don't know to what
extent manna Ford has any involvement
beyond his own sort of financial
improprieties it's unclear but the
Papadopoulos stuff and like a manna fort
maybe it's just this is just a way for
you know to get man afford to to give up
something on Trump the Trump lawyers
don't seem to think that Manta Ford has
anything but there was also released was
a guilty plea for false statements by
this guy George papadopolis this was
signed October 5th
it was unsealed I guess are made public
today and this is from Marcy wheeler the
plea makes it clear that one the
campaign had as an explicit goal making
friends with Russia to a month and a
half before the June 9
Trump Tower meeting Russian handlers had
dangled stolen Hillary emails to
Papadopoulos apparently there was a ton
of like 20,000 emails were handed over
by the Trump campaign Papadopoulos tried
to erase all of his emails but
but the thing with emails is yeah here's
the here's the tricky thing with the
emails people gotta keep in mind when
you send an email there's two copies
there's you're sent one and the one that
gets received gonna need a lot of bleach
bit how does it say that see lamebrain
bleach bleach it all we got a Zoolander
it okay so the computers down month and
a half before the June 9th trumped our
meeting Russian handlers had dangled the
stolen emails Papadopoulos has
cooperated beyond what has been laid out
in the guilty plea he learned in early
March that he'd be a policy adviser to
the Trump campaign within weeks a
professor off a trip to Moscow started
cultivating him and introduced him to a
woman pretending to be Vladimir Putin's
niece only the best people only the best
me do you remember when Trump please
really knees maybe they can help
us get Hillary puto diem shots
bad gonna be with her it you
remember when Trump was asked like do
you have any foreign policy advisers and
he was equally well yes brilliant guy
Carter page and another guy Maddow a
low-level energy trader with an anxiety
disorder and connections to Russian
intelligence I have a confused young man
with acne who maybe has a graduate
degree and it's meeting with Putin's
niece okay the best people okay so after
meeting that handler Papadopoulos
attended a meeting with Trump and others
were explained quote he had connections
that could help arrange a meeting
between then candidate Trump and
President Putin Papadopoulos was to keep
the campaign on his outa's loop to
outreach to Russia
okay now Marcy wheeler then she's
tweeting out a month and a half before
the June 9 meeting okay as a reminder
head of trumps policy team was Jeff
Sessions who last week repeated under
oath he knew
nothing about collusion but Jeff
Sessions surely in March 31st meeting at
which George papadopolis talked about
setting up a meeting with Putin empty
wheel says remember how session said he
didn't recall discussing emails with
Russians I'm betting he starts recalling
awfully quick later in this thread
someone else shows Papadopoulos an image
from Instagram with the real Donald
Trump sessions and others from March
31st so maybe there was two different
meetings at that point one in which Jeff
Sessions wouldn't have attended because
his I mean so Jeff Sessions is isn't big
some big trouble here hey we've got a
meeting with the saws nice she might
have some information on that goddamn
lesbian Hillary Clinton they might
even have information that might help us
purge black people I was gonna say how
Russians of geniuses with it what does
this got to do with votes oppression why
well whatever I'm happy to meet with the
man's nice but at some points it's got
to turn out with some Mexicans giving
deported on the other hand Shahs on the
prize so Papadopoulos
