let's let's talk about some of those
priors because you you you in your
introduction you talk about the Spencer
Wells and who developed the the standard
interpretation of of human evolution and
migration it would tell us what that is
and and and then let's you know
uncover I guess the the legacy ideas
that that helped formulate that sure so
in its simplest form what Spencer wells
is doing post-2000 which is the moment
where geneticists are able to look at
the genetic diversity across human
groups and we're able to trace the
y-chromosome lineage to be able to find
that humans share genetic ancestry that
can be traced back to Africa right and
that this then what spells us with what
winter asari Spencer Wells is doing is
trying to narrate a story of migration
Out of Africa into Australia and then
into other parts of the world and
genetically this has been the constant
negative that has carried the day if you
will with in the ways in which we think
about human population emergence and
dispersal okay and it perceived on a
model of dispersal and replacement in
that at its core if we think about it it
involves a population that is collected
in Africa and then a small version of
them move to another region in the world
then create a kind of population
diversity and then a small group of them
move to another region of the world and
this continues all the way into the
Americas and what's interesting about
that model is that there are some
philosophical assumptions behind it
part of those assumptions involved when
populations coalesce and come together
they generate a kind of homogenous set
of traits that then when a member or
small group break apart from that larger
group those traits get carried over
some degree into the creation of a new
population and then there's another sort
of a more another sort of body of
collection of humans that then a small
group breaks apart and disperses and
it's that dispersal and movement that
allows for jazz talk about the sort of
common shared human ancestry but there's
a flaw to display of thinking and that
is firstly it tends to create a
narrative where we imagine that the
populations that were left were static
that they didn't change biologically
that they remained genetically what they
were and therefore the Africans and the
aboriginals and the Europeans and the
Asians they are roughly sort of kind of
clear homogeneous groups that are
genetically similar we know from
contemporary genetic research there's a
tremendous amount of genetic diversity
in Africa alone it's one of the most
genetically diverse places in the world
because of all the amount of genetic
recombination that's taken place over
multiple generations we also know with
recent ancestral research populations in
Africa continued to move to and from the
Middle East into Europe and back into
Africa creating the kind of continuous
process of genetic mixture and diversity
so much so that it becomes very
difficult to even talk about Africa as a
stable genetic population and the same
is true for populations in Australia
populations and Europe and Asia and in
North America right but it is
conceptually clean and easy to imagine
human diversity in terms of a few sort
of peer or homogeneous genetic
populations right now what I've done in
my book then is to think about
historical precedence where this form of
thinking has happened before Spencer
wells and when we tell that story that
involves a larger historical art that
you can trace back to the early church
and you can trace to the formation of
early modern biology we're coming out of
what I call Christian intellectual
history which describes a set of ideas
and philosophies and reasoning strategy
that were part of Christian thinking
that influenced the way ethnologists and
early natural historians and these are
people who recall sort of contemporary
scientists the way that they studied the
natural world and these Christian
assumptions brought with them ideas
about population emergence and dispersal
we often forget Christianity is not just
a religion about heaven and earth and
salvation it's also a religion has a lot
of ideas about where populations emerge
and where they disperse and this is
actually not unique to Christianity all
of the Abrahamic faiths traditions which
includes Judaism Islam share the story
of Noah for example which is a story
that explains the emergence of an
original population that are descendants
of Adam and that that population then
disperses God is upset with human groups
and chooses a select few to be saved
this is sort of Noah and his sons there
are human populations that are on the
global wiped out through a global sort
of stay lose catastrophe and the Noah
sons disembark on the ark and Shem ham
and Japheth then literally repopulate
the earth giving us Asia Europe and
Africa if you look in the ninth century
and the 6th century you begin to see the
emergence of this story being used to
talk about the continental ancestors of
human groups isadora Seville is a
encyclopedia in Spain who creates these
original maps called teo maps and these
maps are a division of the world of the
three different quadrants for three
different circles or sections rather and
these sections have Asia Europe and
Africa but then also written below them
are the names of Noah's three sons and
that these maps get reproduced from the
sixth century all the way up until as
late as the thirteenth century and
they're being dispersed and used all
throughout Europe to imagine the kind of
interconnection of all the racial groups
but but more importantly create a kind
of intellectual model for thinking about
human diversity from a common ancestor
and then the emergence of subsequent
groups so when we think about that and
then we had then think about the
conceptual
and geneticists are using that involved
population emergence population
dispersal and eventually population
replacement there are clear conceptual
lineages see I work here it is not
Spencer wells is not sort of creating X
Neil Oh a model of thinking about humans
is descending from a common ancestor he
is standing within an intellectual
trajectory that is deeply connected to
Christian Wesen thinking about race and
human emergence and my book is trying to
unpack that story now and so and so that
in and and that is known and correct me
if I'm wrong as mono Jeanne Jeanne is
amano gen ISM and so the the the
argument is that the framework for that
mono June is 'm is a function of sort of
I guess archetype oh you know
judeo-christian stories essentially and
and so now is there is there no I mean
in is it is the idea that there's really
no way of of testing the either that
story of mono gene ism or is it is it
that we shouldn't even mean or there's
no testing of the of the concept of mono
gene ISM as opposed to polygenism me
boat yeah so it's like yes you're right
I'm arguing that there is a kind of
intellectual lineage that starts with a
very kind of specific theological story
about human diversity that then gets
translated into what we could say a
secular or scientific story that still
carries with it those earlier Christian
elements yes
I'm surely saying that but to your
question though which if I can phrase it
a little different what you're asking is
well just because it comes from
Christianity does that mean that that
isn't true right is what or is what the
geneticists are finding in the genome
which seems to suggest that there's
evidence of common ancestry does that
mean that common ancestry is merely a
myth or illusion if I hear you correctly
that is that what you're asking
yeah I mean
that is that's a cleaner way of stating
it I mean there's there's a lot of stuff
in the Bible that I have trouble buying
but you know the idea that maybe you
know there was a big family and they all
went to different parts of the world
maybe there was three of them but you
know that I mean that to me is that is
that testable has that been tested is
that is that I mean maybe what I've got
yeah maybe you there was a Noah's Ark I
mean I don't yeah well no I mean so what
I'm trying to say in this getting back
to how I started what I'm trying to say
is that science proceeds on cultural
history and it is informed by questions
of belief okay and what I'm really
trying to argue is not dispute
necessarily yes common human ancestry is
real or not I'm asking a different
question which is why do we continue to
need this idea and is it an innate idea
that all humans have in all places or is
it an idea that is useful socially
politically and scientifically right and
that therefore the the things that we
supposedly discover or study in the lab
how much of that is actually a result of
our own creation right that we're
creating the genetic story that link us
together in this kind of common human
framework because we value common human
ancestry one could imagine for example a
different type of social cosmology where
common human ancestry isn't necessarily
the guiding framework for thinking about
human diversity and in fact some
population geneticists were beginning to
really take seriously the kind of
complexity of ancient DNA and our
ancient hominid ancestors this includes
the Neanderthals or Denisovans the Red
Deer people populations that we didn't
really know how genetically diverse they
were until about eight years ago with
the first and with all genome sequencing
what we're beginning to realize is that
there's so much genetic complexity
taking place in among our ancient
ancestors and even among sort of the
sort of first populations that would be
anatomically modern that sometimes it's
not necessarily useful to talk about
that diversity as being derived from a
common single ancestor there might be
another interpretive framework that
could be more useful for talking about
that diversity now that doesn't mean
that we don't we're not all linked
biologically just means shifting the
conversation a bit and to your question
if I can get at a more specific way what
I'm trying to get us to realize is that
science is not fully extricated itself
from the kind of religious patterning of
its past and that particularly in the
West we have inherited our certain ideas
and beliefs that have become deeply
integrated into our political life
deeply integrated into our scientific
life and that this is not necessarily a
bad thing the point of raising our
awareness of this is to say look if
there is this sort of remnant of
Christian thinking in the way in which
biologists think about race we need to
firstly look at this with kind of
unflinching courage and say find this
may be happening and and in question the
degree to which we can is this useful or
not are we creating scientific projects
that actually help us understand the
complexity of human life or could it be
that race thinking within biology and
genetics and a lot of my colleagues
actually would think this doesn't
actually help us understand the
complexity of social life just to give
you just an example a few years ago
there was a research study done by the
Sigma consortium which is a collection
of geneticists who are working in Latin
America and Mexico and they are
supported by the research of Carlos Slim
who is one of the world's most
wealthiest men and this consortium is
looking to try to understand the genetic
basis of diseases that specifically
afflict Latin Americans and Mexican
populations and one of the things that
the consortium is interested in is type
2 diabetes
now type 2 diabetes is a sort of a
chronic disease that actually takes
place later in life it's not a disease
like type 2 type 1 diabetes which is
actually Herod inherited type 2 diabetes
potentially give
one's diet and sort of nutrition one can
develop type two diabetes over one's
lifestyle in case the researchers are
still interested in perhaps trying to
understand why Mexican populations might
have elevated risk of type 2 diabetes as
a result of our sequencing the
Neanderthal genome we've learned that
apparently Neanderthals have a risk
allele that is somewhat associated with
type 2 diabetes among them as a species
but then also potentially within humans
who enter mated with them and as it
turns out there's a specific risk allele
that appears in Mexican populations that
increases their chances of getting type
2 diabetes by 50% okay now for in order
for this story to work what we have to
imagine is that an allele that gets
introduced into the human population
around 30,000 years ago has traveled
through Europe and Asia has made its way
across the Bering Strait into North
America and into South America and then
has been in the bodies of native
populations and then has then led to
being within mexican groups right and
that this gene has traveled this 30,000
years and is responsible for elevated
risk for types of diabetes now there are
problems with this story firstly we know
that type 2 diabetes can be corrected or
presented through the measures I've
already mentioned social measures right
access and nutrition diet health care
these sorts of things access to
preventive drugs and therapies see I'm
sorry preventive treatment from
physicians so it doesn't necessarily
make sense look for a gene for disease
that we know can be picked to be
corrected by social causes right but
secondly if we actually think about this
scientifically there are some other
flaws because in order for this gene to
be responsible for this risk we would
have to assume that it would have to be
in Native American populations in 5000
years ago and working with some
colleagues of mine who were actually
specifically studied this and my
colleague Debra Bullock who is that
usually Austin we've actually looked at
Native
American populations from 5,000 years
ago and what we've actually found is
that yes this risk allele is present but
the biomarkers for type 2 diabetes are
not really prevalent so what this means
is that yes the gene is there and it's
actually there in a fairly high
frequency a higher frequency than what
we find in current Mexican populations
but we don't actually find the
biomarkers for disease but in present
Mexican groups what we find instead is
that the gene is is there but in a lower
frequency but type 2 diabetes is all
over the place so what this says is that
the environment is what is actually
causing this disease not a kind of
visualization or conceptualization of
race and genetics that might be
explaining this disease but couldn't it
be I mean and I'm you know but couldn't
it be that there is a simply a higher
risk that is that is there that then
interacts with the context of diet or of
changes in the environment or or
whatever something outside cultural
things that have changed so that the the
interplay between the genetics and the
the context outside of you know the
environment broadly speaking that
dynamic changes so you five thousand
years ago you have less of a
concentration or you have more of a
concentration of that gene you have less
indication that type 2 diabetes is a
problem but the mere existence of that
gene in any quantity mixed with I don't
know an increase in eating of corn I'm
just guessing I you know but I would
imagine I would imagine scientists go in
and they say we're going to control for
these of these variables and is the
question is it not a worthy pursuit
generally seeking to say does the the
presence of a gene increase the the
possibility based upon environmental
factors or you
saying that if environmental factors are
playing 75 to 80% or 90% of the role
then it's the the genetic component is
largely irrelevant no I mean firstly
genes only ever operate in a social
environment period right genes are in
humans and humans exist within a social
environment in a political environment
an economic one right and so that if
we're going to talk about the effect
that a gene may or may not be doing
scientists you need to be responsible
for thinking about the actual social
political environment under which that
gene is doing something right and so in
that sense what we need to be doing is
not I'm not saying that there that there
may not be a risk here what I'm saying
however is that there's a narrative to
be told about what that risk might
actually be right it's not simply the
case that if the gene is present we
should expect it to necessarily manifest
and disease as it turns out if you're
going to think about well why might
Native American and Mexican populations
we get at elevated risk for type 2
diabetes we have to talk about
colonization we have to talk about the
dispossession of land and therefore the
changing of food waves in Native
American populations under what we have
to talk about the stress factors
involved with experiencing racial
genocide and what that actually means in
terms of the ancestors of those people
who survived those genocidal political
projects and we also have to talk about
the transition in the the the lifestyle
and the diets and the social environment
of current Mexican populations both in
Mexico as well as those who are moving
to the United States
these are messy details that often
geneticist or biologists do want to
control for but I think it flattens the
complexity of the story it says simply
that colonization and legacy of racism
they these things do have an effect on
the bodies of people and it also
elevates their risk for disease and
illness and this is part of the story
that many scientists don't want to talk
about right and if you actually look at
the the study of the Sigma consortium
they mentioned yes this could be one
factor among many in terms of trying to
explain type 2 diabetes
if we think about the larger historical
narrative that part isn't there the
actual narrative of dispossession and
what this does is human spies so what
I'm trying to say that you did say this
in your initial response it's a complex
story in that we need to be thinking
about genetics and biology and society
is always interrelated with one another
and in the case of type 2 diabetes it
just turns out that you can think about
the the history of the disease without
knowledge really of its genetics I mean
we've already known from countless
studies done by public health
researchers like my colleague Claudia
Schaffer who was at York University in
Canada who's been a leading expert on
looking at the development of type 2
diabetes in particular we know that
actually these are diseases that can be
understood and change and this is a
larger point how why are we studying
this to begin with it's about social
change it's about making people better
and if we can do that without looking at
the genes if what if we can do that by
looking at like I've mentioned diet
exercise access to health care these
social political measures that is the
thing that we should be focusing on
right I see and so to a certain extent
