[Music]
you're calling from an 8086 area code
who are you where you calling from hey
this is Chris from Taiwan what's going
on Chris not much so I I subjected
myself to that monk debate with Michael
Eric Dyson and Michelle Goldberg and
whining come a frog and that other guy
oh I just I'm sorry I just want to say
really quickly I'm sorry just some
reference to last caller I was really
slow on this and I just saw an iamb pop
in that's right it's it's a different
case because it's the NFL's a private
union and Janice applies to public
sector unions that's the difference
right there my mistake for being slow on
that okay go ahead
you saw the monk debate you subjected
yourself to that and yeah yeah I know
you thought too right you did a bit on
that on your yeah I saw I I went I won't
say I saw everything did you or did you
just you know I didn't watch I couldn't
watch the whole thing I probably watched
about an hour of it okay well I don't I
I don't blame you it wasn't so I had I
had a bit of a revelation I had a bit of
a revelation while watching that show
yeah so there were multiple occasions in
that debate where Peterson or Frey would
begin whatever they're going to say with
a disclaimer saying something like you
know of course we're against them you
know discrimination and oppression we
all agree on that that's obvious but and
then they would move on to something
else right and I realized that that
rhetorical trick so perfectly
encapsulates how this so-called
intellectual dark web thinks about these
issues you know it's in their minds
these conversations about racism about
subjugation of women about class-based
oppression or whatever else you know
these conversations are already over
because they've already run their course
right they think that these problems
have already been solved right so they
married nothing more than a than a sort
of afterthought right now they think
that means the so-called social justice
war
who are still talking about these things
and devoting energy and attention to
these things they're just chasing ghosts
you know and just imagining problem well
that's a that's that's I think that's
very generous I think that might that
might be you know Stephen Fry's position
right so Stephen Fry is strikes means
more just like you know he's a charming
guy and he's basically pretty out of
touch kind of actor and social performer
trying to do like an Oscar Wilde act and
it's nice and I actually was very
likeable but mine's my impression is
that he's more on this on the spectrum
of he's in the like he's in his closed
social loops and he sees a certain you
know annoying liberal performativity or
call out culture or whatever and then
just like if you're on a college campus
you extrapolate that to the whole world
and then you have very foolish diagnosis
of the major political issues of the day
I think in someone like Peterson's case
I don't take on good faith when he says
that I don't I I am very suspect as to
what his actual politics and motives are
I don't take it on sam Harris's good
faith
I think somebody who you know
simultaneously says that ideas are the
most important things in the world and a
totally non materialized and non-reality
based way but then also is like we
should have the right to just sort of
like recklessly play around and promote
and state as fact speculatively racist
ideas is not only found ly hypocritical
it's also I think indicative actually of
you know who knows I don't know but I I
don't take on face value wait so are you
saying are you saying when you when they
offer this disclaimer of course we all
are against discrimination and
oppression and so on and so forth you
don't me you don't even think that they
are you think that I'll soften I'll
soften it slightly I don't know what
that means to them so I I could see a
scenario like I read you know I've read
pro apartheid propaganda that suggested
that you know
very few people right I am Pro
discrimination right like that's not
good branding probably nitrates but I
definitely think especially if you're
gonna like narrow it down to we don't
legally discriminate but you have no not
only are you not interested in any type
of systemic Riga at redress of
inequalities and other institutions of
oppression or problems and in fact
you're actually constantly seeking to
undermine that position then no I would
really question and I think in
Peterson's case specifically I would be
very suss mean I think if you started
pushing him on gender-based and those
types of issues I would I would not take
that on good faith when he says that no
I wouldn't did you did you see the part
of that debate where he was he that
wasn't his most angry part of the debate
where he was just combative ly demanding
that Michael Eric Dyson quantify well
yeah I played that on my show whatever
it's white privilege I played in a mess
yeah and then get it and yeah okay and
then and then getting indignant the next
moment when Michael Eric Dyson brings up
his race well I said we just asked the
only well I think you know I just I I
agree and I actually think that you know
I think that the idea I mean first of
all as I said on the show on Tuesday it
takes a lot of balls to on the same week
that you're in the New York Times saying
that dragons are real to say my white
privilige
that's a real that's that's tremendous
balls I'll give him that but but I think
that that is very evocative of all of
these people now of course we can to
some extent quantify things like that we
could talk about
intergenerational wealth theft the
impact of discrimination on earn
the realities about you know police
killings and all this sort of stuff but
the broader point and and it's funny
because in Peterson's case it's
particularly galling because on one hand
he wants to say everything is natural he
wants to be a quantitative reductionist
but then on the other hand he wants to
you know basically promote like very woo
very pre rational ideologies right so
he's incoherent in that sense now Harris
is a pure you know let's throw bleach on
any form of human understanding that
isn't just crude quantitative
reductionism or scientism but that line
where you're basically saying you know
anything that's politics
anything that's history anything that's
context anything that's um you know just
a sort of basic exercise and moral
imagination is ridiculous because you
can't quantify it that is their project
and the consequence of that project is
discriminatory and it is opposed to a
politics of equity also the quality of
opportunity not outcome is a totally
meaningless phrase it doesn't mean a
thing you cannot have equality of
certain outcomes with a certain you
cannot have a quality of opportunity
without a quality of certain outcomes if
everybody doesn't have health care full
complete health care coverage from birth
till death that affects their
opportunities period it's an incoherent
statement so even that whole talking
point which of course no one ever asked
them to fill the detail in because it
sounds like something you should support
is meaningless on introspection and you
could really start to say like wait a
second what are you we should know I
mean even by classical liberal metrics
you're saying we shouldn't all have
equality under the law period what are
you saying and that's when you can
really start to you know dissect like
okay like not everybody gets to win an
NBA championship that's true there's an
in cut there's
outcome were not all entitled to
everybody's entitled to housing health
care vacation a form of economic
democracy and control over livelihoods
if those things are not there then you
can op equality of opportunities a fake
disingenuous scam concept with no
substance to it or it I just think you
know the the the truth is that yeah I
think we're in a moment in history when
progress in these areas whether it's
racism or subjugation of women or
whatever you know we're in a moment in
history with the the this progress is
being threatened and me and even being
rolled back in in many places in the
world yep and these idea intellectual
dark web types they don't notice it
because of yes they're privileged and
they won't only some cases then support
it they think they may support it I
think in some cases they are part of
that role back I think you're right in
sometimes well yeah I think maybe like a
Brett Weinstein he seems to be the guy
that you know he had this terrible
experience at Evergreen you know
whatever we don't have to read I SEC
that you know he's he's built a little
brain didn't represent that perfectly
yeah I know I know I know and I shooted
yeah I I'm not whatever I mean I think
there's criticisms to go right in all
directions on that one but I will but
like you know his ideas are kind of just
you know they seem like sort of just bio
neoliberalism like maybe he's someone
who he's someone that theoretically I
could read the most charitably of them
which is that he's just utterly deluded
by the own narrowness of his exert of
his circumstance but I I am not prepared
to buy that you know Jordan Peterson
just doesn't you know he isn't reading
the broader dynamics and is on the same
page with us I don't think he is I I
don't that what you think they
understand they understand the
historical moment that we're in and
they're just they're taking the wrong
side that's what you're saying basically
I think it's a fair summary
I mean I you know with a lot of
different there's a lot of there's you
know there's shades to it but yes I mean
I think look bottom line is and this
goes for all of them without all their
particular centricity if you look at
today's world and all of the things
happening the rollbacks you're talking
about the rise of governments that by
explicitly are threatening foundational
liberties the you know the the the
inequalities the attack economy that is
completely uncovered and only going to
reinforce those things that's imagine
the environmental crisis and you
whatever man Elon Musk is an innovator
right well there you go exactly well
that's that's one end of that pole of
stupidity but you're really kind of
basically saying that you know college
professors or students are like some
major threat or impediment you are
whether it's by just being delusional or
whatever you are on the wrong side of
history and by the way I say that as
somebody who criticizes regularly a lot
of these sort of I don't think a lot of
those campus political trends are
helpful for the left I don't think
they're glad about that I am very clear
about I have a critique of it but I mean
but I also but I wasn't want to add this
I have a critique of it but I also think
it's pretty amazing that in addition to
these people's victim complex and their
complete massive misalignment of
understanding how the world works today
and the actual problems we face outside
of their own personal bubbles it is
striking to me and it's you know this is
a cliche at this point we already know
that these people you know they're
constantly whining about being censored
and they have unlimited media
opportunities but in addition to that I
would like to say that so okay I I'll
say this I thought the way that I
disagree with how the students were with
Charles marina Middlebury I think that
was totally wrong bad call some of the
things I've heard at Evergreen I think
our very critique Abel right there has
not been a single media platform at
least as far as a national one that I
know of that has ever said um you know
Brett Weinstein's coming on and he has
this whole melodramatic story to tell
about how he was treated can one of the
student leaders that dealt with him also
come on the show and give their
perspective I haven't seen that anywhere
I haven't seen a single person say you
know we were protesting Charles Murray
and some people got a little bit you
know physical which we didn't intend but
we were just there to register our
opposition to his is structural
reinforcement of inequality and racism I
am not so not only do these people get
endless attention and yet whine their
oppressed their oppressors quote-unquote
are never on the scene we've not heard
from a single student who's protested we
haven't heard from a single professor
who's objected and you know so I also
think that that is you know and even
these like cringe videos I've said it
there's some of them are cringe and some
of the students that's just like it's
just bad it's a bad look it's a bad
representation but I haven't seen videos
where you know somebody is cool calm and
collective and does a good job at
responding to these people it's a
massive propaganda effort and even to
the extent where you know we can have
these criticisms it's awe-inspiring that
we have not there has not been a sinatun
name a public persona on Twitter that
like represents the students in these
conflicts it's a faceless blog that
these people are constantly
self-defining as they get endless media
coverage and there isn't even an
opportunity for anybody on the other
side of this story to make their case
and that should be in the mix because
that's or inspiring and it's a
major problem agree or disagree with any
specificity
yeah well said and even if you take the
the most you know least
interpretation of the college protests
the idea that that is the most pressing
freedom of speech delusional you know
that we should all be focusing on give
me a great delusion oh no I've taken up
enough here time appreciate them all I'm
taking my call thank you
we'll probably clip that
