back to the Michael Brooks show Vybz
Kartel to take us in joining us now is
Mike Hanna he is a correspondent for Al
Jazeera News presenter analyst he was
former scene and Jerusalem bureau chief
Mike and I'm and if I could presume I
will I would like to say senior foreign
correspondent for the Michael Brooks
show Michael nice to be back it's great
to have you I really appreciate your
time as always and we're gonna start
we're talking about Zimbabwe we covered
it a bit last week there's a significant
transition happening now let's play just
a brief piece of sound from Emerson
Managua I think I am 85% there in
pronunciation of his section from his
inaugural speech from last week and then
he is of course replacing Robert Mugabe
and then you will take us from there
Mike of the people of Zimbabwe and that
I will devote myself to the well-being
of Zimbabwe and its people Mike who is
this figure that has replaced Robert
Mugabe and how did this whole process
come about and what can we expect from
him
well the key issue Michael is that
Emerson Managua worked under Robert
Mugabe at the liberation fighter as a
politician as a state security officer
for more than 15 years so he is more
than an acolyte he is a devoted follower
has been and was a person who probably
more than any other single individual
within zimbabwe kept Robert Mugabe in
power for such a long period of time so
he's a deeply significant figure and the
fact that he has now come to power
raises quest
many delighted at the final end of the
Mugabe era but many slacking questions
about a man who has been so deeply
embedded in the ethos of Robert Mugabe
and the way in which Robert Mugabe kept
control of the country for such a period
of time whether indeed he can deliver
the democracy that he's promised that
his inauguration speech is he that
another thing that people should be
aware of and maybe you can give us a
brief intro to some of these figures as
well is that you know this coup and it
is I think appropriate to call it that
and maybe a desirable crew but certainly
a coup showed that in the end the
Zimbabwe was not a one-man State it was
more of a one-party state or potentially
a military state in some respects but
there has also been a very active and at
times very sophisticated opposition to
zimbabwe morgan Changa i as an example
led a presidential campaign several
years ago and against Robert Mugabe that
many people in fact think that Morgan
Changu I won and oh god they put down
along with figures like Emerson very
violently is he reaching out to figures
like Morgan Chang or I and what is the
state of the Opposition in modern sim
Bob way opposition that we've seen even
in the time of northern Thunder I the
most significant opposition came from
those who split from zanu-pf the ruling
party Robert Mugabe party a party which
emerged as well from a degree of mergers
over a period of time and what has got
to be understood though is the structure
that kept that party in place a party
that is still in place that still had
utter dominance and no doubt is likely
to have utter dominance when elections
come the structures that kept it in
place are a myriad certainly the
military control is absolutely central
to it the military played a major role
in propping up Robert Mugabe through
those years
led by people like Emerson Burnham GOG
WA but one must also
remember that this cou as it is label
happened because the head of these and
Bobby an army general Chihuahua is an
old comrade of Elephant Man and agua he
made a choice about the splits that were
happening within zanu-pf between Robert
Mugabe's ordained successor which was
his wife Grace Mugabe and Emerson
Managua who'd been there for so many
decades who had always been considered
to be the prince in Waiting so to
understand from Bob wheat is to
understand that the possibility of an
opposition as others might see it it's
not really a viable option the way
things work there and the way things
will work even in a democratic society
is a splintering yet again of that
ruling political movement d'arnot the
earth the way things change its was our
nucleus itself to change similarities
that we might get into in a little while
just across the border in South Africa
where the ANC has the same kind of
standing as a party likes our nuclear
parties emerging from a liberation
struggle into total control of the
states which they govern with a
democratic veneer of democratic
governance applied over the whole
structure certainly is above we very
difference given the massive military
infrastructure that what they play in
keeping Robert Mugabe empower the
question once again now is if that
military structure going to go along
with promises of real democratic reform
real democratic reform means that each
and every sarnath EF member has to
accept the privacy of the ballot box
when elections happen not only a
presidential election but obviously
state elections regional elections these
are the key times where people will make
their choices about their leaders who
will leave in the human community we
will lead them as state in the state but
those decisions are not made necessarily
on a party basis they are made by a
country that is largely and have seen
majorities our new
supporters the question is to what
degree they will accept the concept in
which the leader of the country and the
governments of the country will be
brought about by legal unfettered ballot
box procedure these are questions that
will come up in the weeks and months
ahead and the Kryon question really as
well is where the elephant man and dog
way is the person who is able to deliver
on this particular kind of process yeah
we'll definitely get to the ANC in South
Africa momentarily the other question I
have for you and I and this is I think a
kind of also just a broader Media frame
question when we talk in the in Western
media coverage about a situation like
the one happening in Zimbabwe right now
the kind of most surface layer coverage
which I mean there's a certain basic
truth to which is that there's a you
know a leader who even in the most
sympathetic reading has been you know
dictatorial committed extreme human
rights abuses has led his country to
economic failure reduced life expectancy
and so even in the context of him being
a founding father and him leading a very
important liberation struggle you know
it's pretty objective and obvious what
his record ended up being so there's one
notion that like okay we've gotten rid
of one bad guy and then the most lightly
you know they're much more sophisticated
and analysis and obviously one that that
you're providing and expanding on is
that this happens in a much broader
institutional context so just removing
Mugabe or ensuring that his wife own
inherent power as an example does not
answer all the pressing questions from a
legal democratic or procedural sense I
want to add to that yeah economy not
just does it want a question of
mismanagement but also a question of
delivery and design you know many of
these liberation struggles promise some
form of essentially you know at least a
kind of democratic socialism by which
they usually meant kind of broad-based
to live
and needed redistribution as a result of
exiting an apartheid situation or a
colonialist situation when obviously
Mugabe set up a much more sort of I mean
maybe a crony capitalist system would be
a good way of describing it do you have
a sense when you hear about the reform
bushes in Zimbabwe or what's needed for
Zimbabwe and and even the debates inside
the party that there is a sense of this
Democratic opening that you're talking
about but also one that would include
some real re-engaging with conversations
about serious wealth redistribution and
by the way not just sort of tips to
populism like Mugabe did by reclaiming
farms you know several years ago I just
wouldn't weekly take us back to early
early 1980s it's impossible to describe
the sense of liberation and jubilation
that was in Zimbabwe
when Robert Mugabe came to power when so
free was no more
when Ferrari came into being it was the
great African liberation struggle one it
was the beginning of the process of the
final severing of the fetters of
colonialism
you cannot overestimate or Hotel how
much there was a true sense of
liberation at that particular time yeah
but then almost immediately the greatest
resistance to Robert Mugabe in those
very early powers of rule and I was
reporting there at that time we're
actually from the veterans that he had
fought with they believed that he was
not in the ring they believed that the
quasi socialism that they've been
fighting for was not being put in place
instead they were seeing that cynical
stated capital capture that was already
happening even in the early third times
secondly what you saw was a splintering
of the liberation movements people like
Joshua and coma seen as a threat to the
long term power of Robert Mugabe Robert
Mugabe would utilize something like
tribal division the Shona and the belly
splits
sending in the end his army into in the
belly landed massive slaughter an
operation incidentally contacted by an
Emerson Managua but from that process
onwards what you have seen is a
continual use of things like economy our
people's existence to prop up political
power everytime mcGarvie was getting
into political problems he would bring
something out of the box that would
divert attention as you mentioned for
example the reclamation of white farms
which he said was insisted upon by the
veterans well no the people who actually
were sent out to reclaim the white farms
we're a different generation they were a
new generation the veterans at that
stage those who'd survived the Mugabe
purges were basically fat cats within a
magadi administration benefiting from
the immense profits that were accruing
but at the same time as well Robert
Mugabe did not only operate inside the
country he operated outside because of
the Chinese the Chinese put massive
amounts of money into developing
infrastructure many of which didn't go
into an infrastructure but instead went
into those within the administration he
also had the great relationships with
big capital Tony O'Reilly was his
closest friend the farm bill Heinz was a
very very close friend the two bonded by
their fellow Catholicism it was many
many strands that he used to maintain
power but the key point was he said it
wasn't about developing an economy it
wasn't about creating a new society out
of the colonial past it was actually
about seeking ways in which to maintain
power the end was the maintenance of
power not the better member of a society
all working within any philosophical or
economical or social process the end was
quite simple it was cheap in power and
if you've got to keep in power then
you've got to keep those who keep you in
power
satisfied that was the limits of the
strategy it was a very successful
strategy for nearly four decades it
worked
that the question once again and I keep
on coming up in the question clearly it
is a strategy that cannot continue maybe
the people do have greater expectations
maybe there is a dynamic that has
emerged out of the removal of Mugabe
that cannot be stopped we have seen it
in other societies where many
revolutions or post revolutions start
assuming a a will of their own and they
do not need to be directed by the the
grand leader that is once again the kind
of cliche that that those from outside
kind of see South Africa Africa as a
whole as a procession of old grand
dictatorial leaders unfortunately it's
true in many cases but at the same time
it's not a given that that is the way
it's always got to go and that's again
be with Zimbabwe now is is a template
for the process of a proper change not a
change in terms of the way Western eyes
would see it in terms of perhaps ballot
box processes but in terms of the
creation of a country that was promised
during a liberation war and whether the
promise that was given to those who
fought in that war and to their children
who now live afterwards will be met and
that promise is belonging to a country
in which everybody has equal rights
everybody has equal benefit and
everybody has an equal possibility of
running governance at some stage hi
folks Sam cedar here we still need your
help on our patreon page YouTube ABS
have come back but not nearly as much as
we had before so if you can help us out
any little bit helps head over to our
patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
