all right well it's a day but let's go
through the the elections last night
they mostly all primaries although there
was a couple of special elections for
some state races and yeah this the I
guess the to the extent that there is a
summation a meme going around and that
is to a certain extent like is this and
I I think this is a little bit sloppy
but there was a little bit of Tea Party
action from the Democratic base or
really it's just really more the
progressive base is picking up a little
bit of steam yeah I mean I think they
call it Tea Party action because you
know that that equivalence seems false
to me but yes it's definitely the case
that candidates who you would see as
more progressive on an ideological scale
would be more liberal did do very well
last night
this was also correlated with the fact
that female candidates did quite well
last night but there are a number of
races particularly in Pennsylvania where
Democrats really turned out and Liberal
Democrats really turned out you saw both
in the House races in the statewide race
for lieutenant governor where an
incumbent lost actually finishing fourth
and John Fetterman who is this hulking
tattooed candidate from Braddock
Pennsylvania ended up becoming the
nominee and even the state legislative
races in western Pennsylvania where two
members of Democratic socialists of
America defeated two brothers in
separate races who were longtime kind of
political dynasty
conservative Democrats in the state
legislature in Pennsylvania and those
races were won by the two DSA members so
and I think DSA won four out of five
state legislative seats that they
participated in in Pennsylvania so yeah
I mean you definitely saw an ideological
desire to put forward big ideas and big
solutions to our problems now I think I
think those two guys I think they're
cousins I don't know if they're brothers
but that's not all they're not it's not
terribly relevant they're related I
guess they come from the same same last
name for the same last name and same
cycle dynasty but yeah you were saying
there was a hundred thousand more
ballots that were cast by Democrats than
Republicans in Pennsylvania in Erie
County where Trump got most of his 2016
victory five thousand more Democrats
voted than Republicans in Charlie densa
open seat in the Lehigh Valley there
were forty two thousand votes in the
Democratic primary and which by the way
those those things can sometimes be
misleading because I you have
competitive races on one side not on the
other but it was the case at the top of
the ticket in the primary in
Pennsylvania had competitive races on
the Republican side and not on the
Democratic side you had an incumbent
Governor Tom Wolf's an incumbent Senator
Bob Casey on that who are both Democrats
and you had contested primaries to
challenge them on the Republican side so
logic would indicate that you would have
more Republicans coming out because they
had something to vote for and yet you
still had that that outcome and that
suggests that the enthusiasm gap is at
least in Pennsylvania pretty large and
the other dynamic here was that and you
mentioned this in me you implied it to a
certain extent but it was there was a
lot of cases of a candidate not
supported by the establishment by the
d-triple-c
in some instances by Emily's list that
that ended up winning anyways and yeah
this is in contrast to last week where
we didn't have quite this dynamic where
a lot of the sort of our justice excuse
me the justice stems in the our
revolution candidates lost you mentioned
that that we had there are two DSA
candidates that won and are basically
won the general election now because
there's no Republicans running against
them and that's actually no Republican
running yet and then the big d-triple-c
versus you know establishment versus
outsider race was in Nebraska in a seat
that's flipped back and forth between
Democrats and Republicans Kerry Eastman
who was a pro-choice social worker ended
up winning very narrowly over Brad
Ashford who was d-triple-c endorsed and
a former congressman who once held this
seat and was trying to get it back and
he's a anti-choice moderates
conservative who has a you know
conservative voting record in his one
term in congress and and so you know
that's a really interesting race and and
and of course what will remain to be
seen is whether given that that is a
swing seat whether the Democratic
campaign committees will actually stay
in the race whether they will now
support Kerry Eastman or whether they
will you know assume the race is lost
because there's some wild-eyed
progressive who is running in the
general election and let me ask you this
and I don't want to be cynical about
this but is it would that be the only
reason why they don't enter that race in
other words is it possible that it's not
just a question of like we assess that
she's not going to win so we're not
going to be in right or is there also
sort of an element of put aside ideology
for a moment and just simply put in like
sort of the almost quasi corporate
mentality of I want to keep my job she
can't win yeah because if she wins then
it I look like
idiot and right I mean this rules that's
a very interesting case that you make
and and just to preview something that I
will have out later this week
there's some interesting political
science research around whether parties
support moderate candidates which i
think is pretty well established whether
they support them strategically because
moderates tend to do better in these
swing seats or whether it's sincere and
and the way that this particular
researcher looked at it is that he
looked at races where there was a
competitive general election or
expectation of a competitive general
election and races that were expected to
be blowout where the strategic factor
wasn't supposed to be you know an
indicator because it didn't matter you
were either going to it's either going
to be a safe seat or a seat that's
completely out of reach and what he
found is that party support for
moderates is actually stronger in the
non competitive seats than it is in the
competitive seats in both cases party
support moderate candidates but it
doesn't seem strategic in any way it
seems far more sincere so to answer your
question yes there's a kind of you know
I have to justify my job and justify
this this idea that we're we we know
best you know what what is the case in
these races but there's this also sort
of denial of reality that that party
organizations this loose affiliated
network of elect officials and and
campaign committees and donors uh they
have an ideological agenda of their own
and and and that is usually denied in
favor of this idea that their strategic
geniuses but uh it if you look at the
data it appears that they are just as
ideological on a different level as
party activist
right they just have a different
ideology correct and it's also the case
with Keira Eastman that she did not get
funding from Emily's us is that right
that's correct so this is a pro-choice
woman running against a pro anti-choice
man in a Democratic primary and the the
national groups largely stayed out and
you know there is certainly a linkage
between emily's list and the d-triple-c
you see that in race after race across
the country there may be a reluctance on
the part even though you know this is a
you know kind of a tailor-made seat for
Emily's list to get involved in there
may be a reluctance to go against the
National Party in in a big primary race
but you know we'll see if Emily's list
jumps in now you know what's what's
fascinating about this race is that do
you if you remember and it didn't
necessarily work out too great in well
in some respects it did but do you
remember when Marcus Meletis the
proprietor or dailykos basically adopted
John tester and said that he was going
to make that race about putting a stake
through the heart of the DLC that John
tester was a much better candidate I
remember when he went out there and he
was talking about like I talked to the
guy he was literally sitting on his
tractor and we're going to do this case
we're gonna we're gonna push him in the
primary as a way of taking out the DLC
and he they were effective obviously
John tester went on to win that primary
they he won his election John tester did
not turn out to be the guy that I think
Marcus or any of us hoped that he would
be but with that said there was a lot of
other factors but the DLC in for all
intents and purposes does well it
doesn't exist anymore in and of itself
but even the what it represents
the party is also highly diminished
right I mean yeah I mean we still have
moderates but you don't instill maybe
occasionally a blue dog although you
rarely hear about that No Labels was
involved in some of these Democratic
primaries if I'm not mistaken but I
wonder if this seat more than any other
is an opportunity to because if I'm at
the d-triple-c right now I have got to
be very careful because if I stay away
from this race
and-and-and-and eastman still wins I
look really bad but if I get in and help
her when I still have the opportunity of
looking sort of bad in that I didn't
support her in the beginning right I
mean so yeah if they don't get in and
she loses and they try to dunk on a
Democrat losing it that doesn't look
great either I don't think they're in
much of a winning situation we can look
to history you know you mentioned the
tester race but I think actually a
closer analog for this particular race
is in 2006 there was a race with in New
Hampshire with Carol shea-porter
and Carol shea-porter beat a
conservative Democrat in the primary and
the d-triple-c bugged out they they said
there's no way this this anti-war
activists would have any shot at winning
a general election we're out and and
turns out you want uh she won the
general election and so that that that
didn't seem to stop the dynamic
necessarily but it did show in that case
and there were a couple others Jerry
McNerney in in California who still is
there today he'd be the right wing
Democrat and and the d-triple-c he kind
of left that race and and he won the
general election uh it's certainly
possible I mean they're third there
isn't really a hard and fast rule
there's some political science research
that shows that more quote unquote
extreme candidates uh do worse in
general elections but uh you know you
you have to define your terms as the
right extreme right you know is
supporting the idea of health care for
all Americans and extreme idea is
supporting the idea that we should not
make education completely unaffordable
to large sections of the population an
extreme idea that that's that's the kind
of thing you know when you talk about
this sort of extremism or radicalism you
have to kind of define your turn
yeah and and and I think more than in
those past cycles and I think those are
good analogues but but but more in those
past cycles the d-triple-c is under I
think a lot more scrutiny and and and
there is if not the least of which you
know stories that have come out of the
intercept one of the tiny one of the
places that you write for and in even my
life and even I would say the feta
Scotch of all and Lena Putnam research
not as ideologically didn't ideology
didn't seem quite as relevant but this
notion of the d-triple-c coming in and
not knowing what they were doing and
telling local people that they did that
dynamic it's clearly there and so like
as an enterprise they're under a lot of
scrutiny it seems to me that's true
that's true and you know mostly the one
thing I would add is that but the
definition of a wave election is that it
sweeps in people who have a certain
label a democratic label in this case
attached to them regardless of really
their their political you know the
granular nature of their political
ideology if if this is a national
election where opposition to Donald
Trump is driving massive turnout and and
will push Democrats in because they want
to put a check on the power of the
presidency then does it matter exactly
what a political stance
a certain candidate takes or not that
that's I think yeah it kind of undercuts
this argument that we we you have to
trim your sails in these particular
seats and and go with the most bland
moderate candidate you can find right
well so that's do we leave any of those
out we smoked about Idaho the the
gubernatorial primary I think Paula
Jordan one and that was also another
sort of progressive win there too over a
I thought that's gonna be a difficult
yes of course of course but it but it is
encouraging to see you know that turned
out the turn out matched you know what
we saw in these other races where the
model you know in in in the one
democratic kind of bastion and Idaho and
Boise she did this amazing turnout so
that that that is noted
Pennsylvania of course is a huge
linchpin because that's gonna that could
possibly provide about a quarter of the
seats needed for the Democrats to pick
up in 2018 coming from Pennsylvania
alone because of redistricting
yep that's because they the state
Supreme Court said that the maps that
the Republican legislature put together
were illegal unconstitutional and these
new maps provide a real opportunity for
Democrats and we should say women like
you had mentioned I think at the top
women won 17 out of the 20 races that
they were involved in so the that may I
don't know about that number is exactly
right but certainly in a ballpark
yeah it's in the ballpark and it
certainly is indicative of everything
that we understand about this era which
is that women particularly women of
color in depending on the on the on the
locality I mean just personally I you
know I'm looking at my ballots
California
votes in a few weeks and all if I have
you know a judges race and and there are
two candidates and all things being
equal I'm going to pick a woman I think
that our representation in legislators
and elected office and more generally is
appalling in terms of the gender balance
and I think we need to need to make that
right
