it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well some on
this it's just a mirror America shared
sacrifice by everybody what could it do
to you except reflect your image I did
nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport homage our
day rub far more credible to me than PBS
and front one the majority report with
sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Tuesday September 25th 2018 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
associate professor of economic history
at the industrial Labor Relations school
at Cornell University Louis Hyman on
temp how American work American business
and the American dream became temporary
also on the program today Cavanaugh
claims Virgin Hood as a defense against
sexual assault meanwhile rod Rosenstein
not fired but meeting with Trump on
Thursday coincidentally the same day
Cavanaugh is testifying meanwhile Trump
at the UN a laugh riot avenatti has a
third accuser as mark judge is hiding
somewhere at the beach with spider-man
comics right is that right that's what I
heard
Dallas police force Dallas police fire
the cop in the both amine a killing and
there's a split on how and when to renew
the Violence Against Women Act which
sunsets this weekend coincidentally very
seasonal yes and lastly Monsanto's
Roundup kills honeybees whoops all that
and more on today's program ladies and
gentlemen I imagine you will notice that
there is a slight a difference in the
way that I did that headline today we
did not have for the first time in you
know I guess there's been moments where
we've had to do you know something on
the fly but in the first time and I
don't know years I have done the opening
of the show without pressure drop there
part of the reason well no the only
reason is because we were getting
copyright strikes on on YouTube for it
now I have an ASCAP license you know for
for for audio but not YouTube does not
recognize that stuff there's no way to
sort of put that through on YouTube and
and and and I should be clear we're not
in trouble we just can't monetize the
video and it's not a huge amount of
money but every little bit counts so I'm
putting it out there if you if you are a
musician I don't want to get like one
that's like somebody does on their on
their small you know MIDI recording it's
some quality here yeah but I need a
knockoff version of that of a pressure
drop now I'm not gonna not gonna there's
some folks out there do sky I understand
and occasionally do a Friday this might
be your moment but this could be the
moment this is you lock you in but and
it doesn't there hasn't even have to be
vocals and if you do like a cool version
would just like like bongos I don't know
why it sticks in my head but you want
bongos be carefully what you requested
buddy is that would that be too much I
don't I'm down for whatever I just it
just needs that energy yeah it needs
that energy that's all and so in the
meantime we're gonna figure out some
type of fix III just it feels so lonely
to do the headlines without music yeah
it's a little weird it's we it's
definitely weird believe me you can
imagine how weird it is for me yeah
folks speaking about being naked up
there Donald Trump was at the United
Nations and I think we can all relate to
the anxieties that come with addressing
a crowd and they do tell you one of the
things that they tell you or maybe they
never tell you this but I saw it on the
Brady Bunch
you're supposed to imagine the whole
audience in their underwear
that way you don't get nervous because
you're like what's gonna happen they're
gonna laugh at me I'll laugh right back
at them cuz they're all in their
underwear let's hope that the president
the United States had that in mind today
as he addressed all of the world's
leaders at the United Nations and they
started to laugh at him today I stand
before the United Nations General
Assembly to share the extraordinary
progress we've made in less than two
years my administration has accomplished
more than almost any administration in
the history of our country America's so
true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
yep they left it all friends that's all
great so I can't wait to bomb all of you
I'm gonna bomb you all I'm gonna be so
angry this is gonna be like this is I
mean I will say that his reaction at
least was not as angry as that
Correspondents Dinner where Barack Obama
that's mocked him and he decided I know
what I'll do I will ruin the country
because of that so I think maybe the
rest of the world is safe but booing
here at the UN you can't just picture
people in their underwear because they
don't wear underwear in other places I
mean it's different things just sumo
outfits for a moment
Panther skin think about how often we
have heard in the context of American
politics the lines we are the
laughingstock of the world the world is
laughing at us and we finally finally
made it so that that it was literally
the case you're not going to be laughing
at us anymore cuz they're gonna get it
all out of their system all right
everybody go now you system it's fun
okay um back to the speech ruining the
world to own lips there you go
hey if you like stories you hear on our
show we think you'll like the Sierra
Club's new storytelling podcast the land
I trust season 2 the land I trust is out
now bringing new storytellers from
across the western US who share their
experience in harvesting protecting and
living with the four natural elements
water fire wind and air series has 14
tales of individuals across the western
part of the country as they share their
tales of climate change clean energy and
everything in between each year the
Sierra Club visits a different region of
the country for a new set of stories
season one stories from the American
South they talked to musicians families
farmers climate refugees helping to move
the south from coal ash pollution to a
brighter cleaner future you can listen
to the land I trust at beyond coal
dot org slash stories or on Apple
podcast stitcher Google Play wherever
you get your podcast
check out season 2 of the land I trust
today so just to give you a little
highlight we'll play a little more sound
but there's the the developments over
the past 24 hours in the Kavanaugh story
who included his testifying in front of
Fox News which was I have to say I was
shocked a week ago I was saying you know
Ford Blasi Ford could go on television
and this is something that Kavanaugh
can't do he can't go on and address this
stuff and well he did he did it on Fox
it was pretty fascinating we will talk
more about that he include the idea that
he was a virgin so presumably he
wouldn't have been caught up in what now
you got to follow me here avenatti has
said that he has a client who will speak
to allegations that mark judge was
involved with people who would get women
drunk girls drunk in high school and
then have multiple guys have sex with
them now we've said in the past avenatti
there's a little bit of hyperbole there
I couldn't sit down and tell you what
he's been right and wrong on at this
point what he hasn't delivered and what
he's indicated some of which I think you
know mostly he's delivered what he's
indicated to a large extent but I will
also say and I'll talk about this later
in the program too that in The New
Yorker and I haven't seen anybody make
this connection in The New Yorker
there is a story buried deep in that
piece where a former girlfriend of Mark
judge alludes to something
just like that that mark judge told her
about when they were in college about
when he was in high school so we will
talk more about that Cavanaugh claimed
that he was a virgin I think as a
defense against that story which i think
is going to get larger he also then went
on to say that he never Barrett he never
even knew Blasi Ford which I think is
gonna be very problematic because there
are people who certainly must know that
she knew him I mean she can't be making
that up right that's uh that seems
far-fetched to me we will we will
discuss all of that but those are the
only steps forward in this story as of
yet although there's also been
Cavanaugh's roommate came out with a
statement talking about Brett Kavanaugh
as being a guy who abused alcohol
significantly enough that had changed
his personality significantly we will
discuss that also there was another
story that came from the times that
looked at the yearbook of Kavanaugh and
he and about a dozen other students at
that school had basically had some type
of code words in there implying that
they had all had some type of
relationship with a woman who was
unaware that she was the target of this
meme essentially we will talk about that
the other thing that a brief update and
there's really not much to update here
at the time of this program yes a-rod
Rosenstein headed to the White House to
discuss with Donald Trump I don't know
what nobody seems to know what that that
decision on Rosenstein status was was
punted to Thursday we don't know what
that means
I saw a video which suggested that John
Kelly wanted it to be seen that he was
shaking Rosen Stein's hand I don't know
what that means other than like to
project that things are civil that John
Kelly has a good relationship with
Rosenstein don't know beyond that what
that means but that's going to happen on
Thursday presumably the same day where
we're gonna hear testimony from Blasi
Ford in Cavanaugh assuming they both
show up so that's where we are the only
thing I would say about the Rosenstein
thing and we will talk about who may or
may not take over from him is I don't
know if it was a trial balloon yesterday
they wanted to see what would happen if
they floated the idea that they were
gonna fire this guy but certainly in
retrospect they can get a notion and I
didn't see anybody lighting their hair
on fire about this I'm talking about
Republican senators and so that's a
little gives you a little sense of of
where this might be headed I should also
say somebody corrected me yesterday I
referred to Rosen Stein as the acting
Attorney General he is not the acting
Attorney General he is acting as the
Attorney General in the context of the
Muller investigation because the the
Attorney General has recused himself he
is in fact the Deputy Attorney General
so that's that all right we're going to
take a quick break when we come back
we're going to talk to Louis Hyman
associate professor of economic history
at the industrial labor relations school
of Cornell on temp how American work
American business and the American dream
became temporary
you
you
you
on the phone it's a pleasure to welcome
to the program the associate professor
of economic history at the industrial
labor relations school of Cornell
University and author of temp how
American work American business and the
American dream became temporary Louis
Hyman thanks so much for joining us a
real pleasure thanks for having me
all right let's let's start and I will I
will I will concede that I had a little
bit of difficulty figuring out what
should be the first question but let's
start as as as broadly as we can
insofar as if you could track for us the
the the changes in the way that people
perceived the the purpose of the economy
from you know let's say the 30s through
to today sure so that's a really key
question it's something that the book is
all about so basically the book is
divided into two parts there's the first
part that's from roughly the 1930s to
1970 that is the story of how different
people corporate leaders policymakers
labor leaders tried to create an economy
that was stable you know they were
coming out of depression and war and of
course a hundred years of industrial
unrest and they wanted to figure out how
to make industrial capitalism work for
everybody and so the first half of the
book is that story the story or the
first you know few chapters or the story
of that and then the second half is well
what happened why does it not work that
way anymore and this is not what our our
society is organized around it's around
sort of maximizing profit for stake
shareholders rather than all the
different stakeholders in our economy
and so the story of temp is the story of
how we go from an economy that is based
on security and stability to one that's
based on insecurity and instability and
the choices that made that happen so
that it pushes back on the destroy the
narrative we're often told which is
just about technology and it's
absolutely not just about technology
it's about the choices we make about how
to organize that technology okay so
let's listen let's start in that in that
first era when the the notion was that
the economy should be for the benefit of
everybody but before we go any further
there's a caveat isn't there what we got
to put an asteroid everybody I guess
everybody yes so the Fiat when you asked
to summarize in 30 seconds that you say
everybody but the reality was that that
security was only defended for white men
and that you know everybody who is not a
white men had a different relationship
to that right so white women had access
to the security through their husbands
if they were married or not if they
didn't and then of course people of
color people who weren't American
citizens had a very different
relationship to that and that exclusion
that I argue that this sort of the
people who are left out enables a
different kind of economy to be
rehearsed in the midst of this
prosperity so a lot of the story is
about the 50s and 60s when you can see
in the lives of women temps and Mexican
laborers a world that is going to emerge
in the 70s and 80s
but not just for those people on the
margins but for everyone including white
men and so part of the story is about
what happens when you leave some people
out of that security and when they don't
count as much as white men and so that's
part of the story there as well and and
I have to say I think that's a super
important lesson for folks that can be
applied in a lot of different areas
because we're basically talking about
folks who were on the margins of
political power being the the Canaries
in the coal mine essentially exactly and
because they were left out employers
were
to use them in ways that undermine
security of those white men so you know
in the end the the white men you know
may have had security for a while
whether they were unionists or office
workers or executives but they in the
end because certain people were not
included then that it was easier for
employers to begin to employ
undocumented workers in Silicon Valley
or lots of attempts to replace people
and eventually we get to
deindustrialization and downsize and for
the first the blue-collar workers and
the white-collar workers all right so I
mean is it enough to for our purposes to
say that in that first period that we're
talking about in the post-world War
period roughly from 35 to 70 we are
we're looking at or I say 45 to 70 we're
looking at stability for white went and
then in the in the workforce the ability
to make enough to maintain a
middle-class living let's talk about I
mean and if that's not enough at least
to pivot to those who are on the outside
what their what their job situation was
tell me but if it is let's go through
those I mean you you you spoke about
women to a certain extent that they have
this security as a wife but talk about
the implications of being a person of
color and then we'll talk about
immigrants sure I think when we are
nostalgic both on the left and the right
for this post-war period it's easy to
write out parts of that experience as if
they can just be side lines so this is
an era of Jim Crow this is a moment when
African Americans don't have political
rights in a lot of ways and they in very
important ways but in a very everyday
kind of way don't have consumer or
or labor rights and you know it's it's a
period that we're nostalgic for in this
idea that manufacturing jobs are good
and office work was good but it is also
a period of you know we made that work
for us and you know what happens after
1970s we begin to not make that work
and you know I think that as women and
african-americans were able to demand
better access to you know political and
economic rights in 60s and 70s and we
come to the floor well they carry along
with them certain kinds of work
experiences and you know they're instead
of including them fully into the
security of the post war that white men
enjoyed what we did instead was over
that we but you know business owners
began to rely on them as cheaper
flexible more disposable labor and this
is central to the story of the economy
in the 70s and 80s when we begin to move
away from auto making as the big
aerospace is the big industries towards
electronics as the big industry that's
driving the economy alright so talk
about I mean you focus on on on two
companies I mean obviously more than
that but a two that I think provide that
that's sort of the the manpower and the
ideology of of that transition talk
about why you focus on manpower and
McKinsey called Consulting sure so the
three line of the book is thinking about
these two companies so the book really
looks at how the corporation is remade
from top to bottom how executives get
displaced by consultants how office
workers gives placed by temps how
unionized workers get to this place by
migrant workers and an important part of
that story is the story of McKinsey and
company which is they you know the
world's most important strategy
management consulting firm it begins in
the 1930s as a way to help these
corporations of the 20s and 30s and 40s
begin to really modernize and it becomes
a place for ideas about how corporations
should organize and manpower emerges
into importance in the same period right
after World War Two in 1947 the founder
of manpower Elmer winter is a lawyer in
Milwaukee and he begins the very first
big temp agency and you know I think
that by telling the story through these
companies you see how it isn't a bunch
of evil conspiracies it's about business
decisions it's about business
opportunities but it's also about
choices that are being made about
different ways to run our businesses
there's always that choice between
making life worse for workers and making
profits that way but also opportunities
for making things better and you can see
the confusion in the business world over
how to run businesses through the
