Wow just came right in from the airport
yes just literally disembarked Dave
waggle Washington Post the political
national political correspondent that's
that seems right yeah I did get off a
plane so let me shake off the jet lag
and tiny bottles of things think that's
accurate and where were you coming from
just from DC okay you know the home of
the grassroots heckley all right well
let me let me go over let me let me just
do the obligatory sort of retrospective
on on that roads yeah I know you just
literally just got here so you haven't
taken stock of what's going on here you
I know you went to ones way back well
yeah I have been to I skipped a couple
but I've been coming since 2007
basically yeah and tell me your
perspective on it because I mean at that
time you were writing for it was reason
the libertarian magazine you were
actually the first one I kind of just
went to on my own vacation time I just I
just interested I'm not sure I wrote a
story about it I just wanted to meet
people and talk to end up writing a
couple things talking to candidates
remember there was at that point an
effort Marko's was part of this to
convince libertarians to vote Democratic
gonna write a book immigrants yeah about
libertarian Democrats lutely which is
not a new not coming back the way maybe
it should I mean I but uh yeah it came
there and weird political stories and
then
2009 went to fits Pittsburgh which was
the I think that's still the only one
I've been to where Democrats ran
everything and everyone was really
miserable every was unhappy in
Pittsburgh I was at the ones where I
think 2011 a mini Apple there yeah
Minneapolis where the last year that
right online the the coke thing was next
door
that's right and then I think I
basically been coming since 2013 every
year and the mood has been shifting
there was a period frankly the blogs
that founded this thing
Menem don't exist I'll often make a
reference to my DD and like six people
near net understand I'm talking about
but it's become an activist convention
and for a while it from media terms mean
for a while there be roots where I was
listening to the speech in the main hall
and there were like three other
reporters in the room
I think it's bumped up since then
because the left is interesting okay for
people I I think that's true I've seen
already more reporters here than I
anticipated yeah
or somehow let's I think I'm the only
person from the post but I know like
BuzzFeed sent three people and a couple
TV network sent people and there's a lot
of the last I'm fine here there's a lot
of well there's a lot of well we've
talked to literally every voter in a
diner about why they love Trump you
start talking to other people well what
do you think explains that phenomena I
mean the that we look at the the
mentions of Democrats and Republicans in
the post and the game's completely
unbalanced when Democrats were in power
all the sunday shows would have been
Republicans on because the Republicans
are out of power
right you don't see that dynamic flipped
maybe a little bit as change but it's
not it's not a stark it's not well I
don't know I think at the post I've I've
been given this free reign to cover
Democrats and the stories get published
and I brought a profile of DSA it was on
the front page a week ago I think I
think print has been doing a better job
but you're right there is a well the
part of it I think is fighting the last
war which is a lot of media outlets I
think incorrectly thought they didn't
cover Trump country enough there was a
ton of coverage of Trump voters there's
like a ton because the story was how can
people why are people interested in this
it's a mystery to us it's still when
reporters go listen to him talk for an
hour and invoke all his enemies and
whether connections are mean to him
people there's still a question of why
this is so popular part of it I think is
just you know just a little bit of rote
Ness of saying well Democrats are in
disarray are they falling apart how they
going to blow it and there hasn't been a
lot of fresh thinking on how to cover
um it probably changed the last month I
mean I was in Michigan last weekend with
a couple campaigns and I noticed the the
press corps covering Abdullah Syed who's
the Bernie Sanders endorsed Canada for
governor was like a early Iowa caucus
level press corps I'd say every event he
did there were about 20 reporters
pointing reporters at him and I should
say he was with Alexander Ocasio Cortes
I think that race sort of nudged people
into covering the left more seriously
but for 18 months he write and the
sunday show thing is a constant source
of frustration and they just I like
voices whatever whatever one thinks I'm
not saying all of us are equal I think
it's interesting to have right maybe a
socialist debating a nationalist and
then some other people most the sunday
shows even beyond the guests the panels
are well here we have a conservative and
anti drum conservative an expert on
conservatives and a straight mainstream
media reporter which so there is a a
denuding of the left voice in a lot of
media which I don't like just as I want
to hear what people are saying let's
talk about your story on on the DSA yeah
I give us a sense of where what I mean
like with my sense is that you're one of
the few reporters who sort of saw some
of this bubbling yeah a little bit I
mean I know that you on some level
enjoyed the fact that you had the whole
playing field to yourself a little bit
yeah what give me your sense of just how
you serve I guess broad-based the DSA is
becoming beyond yeah it's having seems
to me it's having an outsized influence
for its like specific membership yeah
well I think it's because the word
socialist
is so bracing to people and so new it's
not shocking anymore to be a campus
conservative is actually pretty ordinary
we there's a lot of that we've covered
them how many I think I just read my
umpteenth profile of Charlie Kirk on the
plane here the guy who runs terrific USA
the idea that people want to identify a
socialist is still fairly fresh and for
that reason they're getting a lot of
attention
working families party just saying the
name you have to explain what it is how
it's not a political party all places
center for popular democracy also has
lots of words in it Democrats lucious
America you're starting with grabbing
somebody's color and saying hey like
we're different we don't care what you
think
and we're radical and we have a you know
they're they're not not everybody who
has a bold message you want to stop and
Street and talk to if like Hari Krishna
is really hey want to talk to you about
our cult please maybe not but if
somebody says I am a socialist you can
either you know hyperventilate about
Venezuela or talk to them I think
there's more interested in what they
stand for
the point of that story was I thought
there'd been a lot of that surface who
are these guys stories not a lot of
detail about how they actually operated
which is very transparent if you're a
reporter I've never once I was at the
DSA convention Chicago and they took a
vote on whether it'll let me stay in a
room because one person the room didn't
like the washer post op eds of Edward
Snowden and Chelsea Manning I think both
of them and it was like a no 8 to 1 let
names Dave Aude which you have no chance
which we've been cool if there were a
chance of letting they stay but it was
just like a show hands um everything
else yeah you show up you can ask and
they're excited to explain if they stand
for it to me it's is as a reporter
similar to covering the early Tea Party
there was a big astroturf side of that
the biggest side of that they were
honestly also retirees who worried that
Obama care meant they'd be killed by you
know government doctors and they'd
invite you to the room and say okay
we're having a meeting of 30 people
here's we're talking about here's her
here's the books were reading here's our
ideology I just it's interesting let's
do the same thing with the left but
that's why DSA had the the numbers are
impressive that's you can count the
surge from I think six thousand people
to forty five thousand in two years and
then the branding is so is so unexpected
that it's abuse I mean so TSA was
started by Harrington right right and
you need to Joanne Mort I think was
always involved
that I mean and rather low-key over the
past 30 years yeah it had a heyday in
the 80s Harrington died Ron Dellums left
Congress Greg Meeks was a DSA member
left Congress it it but it wasn't it was
kind of a yet another lapel under TGI
Fridays vest you know I'm a TSA member
as an organizing force it was not that
potent I went for the story kind of a
cutout but I just did you know the web
archive search and looked at two years
ago how many DSA chapters that were
around the country you know it was every
big city and a couple of college towns
had a DSA chapter nothing you wouldn't
expect so the new the newness of them
forming you know I think they're five in
Iowa there's seven or eight in Texas
news of any area where there's young
people at all and they have not
experienced economic opportunity and
they've been screwed over on which I
think all young people under 30 you're
finding everywhere and III think it's
continued to drop when I when I wrote my
first DSA story from their convention
play seventeen the average age had
dropped by like thirty years to the
early 30s I think it's still around
there the average GSA member basically
like ride the student age now where they
used to be senior citizens in what's
fascinating is the you you compare like
I mean if I was to look at the youth and
look at the right you you look at the
turning points yeah thing that they just
did with the high school students right
we brought in said Gorka they brought
the whole sort of like Super Friends on
the right yeah that are all they're all
they're paid all right I mean sub
Gorkhas not going there he's getting
paid money a Kirk is getting paid money
Kirk has a ton of money that is
available for a budget it's gets really
stark at that level right like these DSA
groups like there's not there's no big
funders no there's no you add up all of
the dues that they get and it's probably
close to 1.8 million for an organization
of 45,000 people with active chapters
and I think Turning Point USA has maybe
twice I'm a member
more than ten million dollars and it all
top-down and frankly conservative
organizations like the Trump campaign
like the RNC right now also have a
revenue stream of let's send direct mail
to seniors and get them scared and
haven't given us $100 check which TSA
doesn't have what I think there is is
camaraderie and like it's the literal
sense of FPL being comrades people India
say I'd like to hang out with each other
there are some chapters that have had
you know a little bit of interesting
squabble and fights like you're gonna
have if we get group gets more than two
people big I've a lot of the DSA
meetings I've gone to have just been oh
yeah we're going to this bar come to the
bar we're gonna hang out what would you
know we normally go to bar come to this
barbecue we always have that you look at
them Metro TSA obviously was the most
visible in DC is the is you look at
their events page so every night you can
do something now that you need to not
that you're being drilled and and and
conditioned it's just yeah if you want
to hang out this thing we're gonna go to
this baseball game and the direct
actions which I actually got some angry
mail because people thought I was
endorsing them I said it's been a good
summer for DSA they made in like space
of five days they like heckled Christian
Nielsen out of a restaurant and won this
election he'll say were you rooting for
that I was like no explaining through
the through these members voices is that
heckling and no platforming people is
part of the camaraderie and a member at
Josh and röszke from the LA chapter was
saying once once you've blocked arms and
blocked the mayor of LA from leaving his
inauguration party to protest like his
homeless policy you're you're gonna want
to get a beer after you're gonna be
friends with those people that's
definitely part of it it's interesting
because out of net roots you know 10
years ago came that whole liberally
drinking do you remember that he
literally I'm thinking liberally and the
the the theory was the same right yeah
build-up like you know to some extent it
was we don't have unions anymore right
we need to build up relationships social
relationships this is sort of putting
the politics first and the the
socializing around the politics yeah
totally versus the liberally drinking
which
like we're gonna do a social event and
bring people together it's just it it's
just interesting for me to see that yeah
that that that difference and it's
normally it's more of a lifestyle and
it's also much more interactive just
like Netroots is more interactive I mean
you were talking about the Sebastian
Gorka and people lecturing how students
that what I find and maybe Comicon yeah
it is in the literal sense that
comic-con now is a lot of let's all wait
in line go to this big arena where we're
gonna see like 30 seconds of clips from
the new Marvel movie I found the
conservative ants that this is a
generalization from you know 12 years of
covering it they generally even if they
skew young that one's cute on even
though they especially they skew older
it's a lot of we're having a conference
come to the auditorium from 10:00 a.m.
to 4:00 or 5:00 p.m. you're gonna hear
speeches and this never it's the longest
run of a speeches is one ninety minutes
two hours it's a lot of all right here
these people if you want to heckle
unpacking them
please don't but we're gonna do and then
go hang out go to a panel go go meet
people and strategize on your own it's
it's much more much more independently
directed which I has always been a
Netroots thing and I think that's helped
it kind of thrive as some other but left
and right I mean that old coke right
online conference is basically down to
six feet one phone with us now I mean
explain that that was a conference that
would shadow Netroots nation and I just
remember Breitbart it would basically be
the way for Breitbart to show up yeah
show up and give like a thirty minute
speech and children
bust through the door everyone else like
Louie Gohmert would show up to that
thing no man here he would fly from East
Texas to wherever they were having the
trolling a convention and and that was
also directed to it was like ten percent
direct on here's some techniques that
you can use and ninety percent here is
here is like the
that I will say two minutes like not
indoctrination that's super low to worry
but basically that here it's like here
is stuff to believe here's stuff that
it's a little bit familiar because
you've seen it on fox we're gonna give
you more of it here the only thing I
mean your show TYT a little bit of chapo
there's like some some is that liberal
media but nothing that really captures
what you're what you hear here yeah you
know let me just ask you about this in
terms of like about that question
because sure it's just someone
interviewed me recently from like I
think it was who what why you know that
oh yeah I've heard of that but that's
what that's that that mental process
that you just had to go to oh yeah I've
heard of that yeah if I was doing this
on the right yeah yeah I you would know
all the publication I said just called
me for an interview and really the
interview was just about like why don't
you guys get any funding like what what
do you having traversed because you've
tries to say traversed a certain
ideology in terms of your reporting over
the past dozen some odd years what what
do you make of that like what do you
make of the fact I mean I'm not this is
I'm fine yeah but what do you make of
the fact that on the right there is this
sort of seamlessness between the sort of
oat you know spreading of ideology and
low spreading of ideology and I don't
want to consider myself to be low but
this you know doing this is not
considered as as as important as being
in a think tank fine sure but the nation
the American Prospect in these times
Mother Jones
they'll write about bench bureau even in
moments they will never write about the
folks that sit here well that's
interesting I think it's a function of
the people in the press generally are
worried about sounding too liberal
looking like they're just uplifting a
liberal okay I'm actually surprising the
nation yeah but even even that if it was
looking like you're kind of being PR for
somebody I feel like there's more
worried about that than there is on the
right in just the media side I'm
actually surprised this year that you
know there's a can't like Stacey Abrams
I've literally not rated Stacey Abrams a
better work I've gotten like the best
press of I think close third be Abdullah
outside who still looks like down the
polls not the favored to win that
governor's race there's still just
profiles of check out this exciting
person who's changing everything I'm
surprised the rights not doing more of
that
but I think it's that's a little bit of
over correction because you're worried
you're just looking like you're you're a
homer who wants her side to succeed I
mean Chapo and I guess we see it with
pot save America too on some level chapo
got more press as a left outlet and
they'll and I'm talking like four
articles maybe yeah but that was far
more than I had ever seen for and I
guess maybe in its time Air America had
a lot of press you know is usually will
they fail oh they're failing you were
there well it was actually the story it
was like yeah to be fair that was I'm
not blaming you to say I'm just think
the coverage was this seems like it'll
be hard let's see let's like watch this
guy walk a tightrope and see what okay
attention when he wobbles yeah the
minutes are surprising to me there
aren't more stories about even like the
chapo individuals because there are a
pretty big story I'm surprised though I
kind of I always ask people who do not
super closely follow politics like I was
in a state where I'm talking to voters I
always notice if somebody has a positive
America or toi t-shirt those are
probably the most common right here i
well I listen to the liberal media
things I see I'm sorry people don't
actually know what chapo is there's
superfans who have their merch and I'll
people who are very left-wing
I guess they've really been clued in
well it's YouTube yeah it's YouTube
that's it YouTube has a has a far
greater reach okay so that's my theory
it's just that if there are twenty
thousand people who are supporting chapo
