Pyne he's the author of live work work
work
die quarry and of course also the host
of the great news from nowhere podcast
which people should subscribe to on
patreon I do haven't already I do that
to knowledge our minds do that
thanks for the plugs right off the bat
I'm I'm always happy to come on majority
report and a Michael Brooks show I've
yet to be invited on literary hangover I
might have been invited to a Nevada but
it didn't didn't work out you are
welcome to drop the ball I'm Cory oh we
haven't totally figured out our setup
for phone interviews yet so we might
have to do some work on that or next
time you're in New York yeah I I don't
know when that will be
I do have I do have some good news about
the the book I recently signed this is
this is this to self-promotional know if
we're in ready you ready for this hold
on I recently signed what is now go
ahead that was awesome
yes sir I'm pump pump pump now I'm
shooting elevated my mood I recently
signed what is apparently known as a
shopping agreement so there is hopes to
develop live work work die into some
kind of televisual series so if any of
is nine any of your audience has ideas
about people who are directors or
producers or other sorts of talent I
have ideas as to people who could be on
both I guess acting and writing style
yeah I think I need to be on the writing
staff yeah you should call it Silicon
Valley part 2 that's a great idea
I'm I I'm sorry my kitten has a Gatorade
bottle let's make it was like unerring
like that it was I was I was wondering
so you know Cory I'm I'm writing a book
now and I'm not trying to flag it flog
it too much although it is starting to
the timeline is starting to accelerate
and dilate on that a little bit more and
I don't consider I mean you know I I can
write I've published in certain places
I'm not a writer the way you are but I
remember talking with you and without
giving it away any trade secrets there
was a big process that you had to go
through with this book and of course you
had a you know good big publisher and
everything and the lawyers take a look
at everything before some pub yes they
go they think are good good and uh you
know I'm writing a book that really
actually ironically and it's funny that
I have to say ironically in today's
world but it you know it deals with this
it's not just that it's not just a
critique of the intellectual dark web
it's actually an attempt to understand
the moment were in and why it would
facilitate something like the
intellectual dark web and of course it's
going to involve critiques of these
people it's not going to involve any
like of course you know made-up stories
or anything it's gonna involve dealing
with their um ideas I'm sure I you know
of course I have no doubt that you know
Sam Harris will say he was taken out of
context but that's you know that seems
to be like some type of gestalt response
that he has that just basically anything
that's even mildly critical so he'll do
his thing but there's an interesting
trend here with Jordan Peterson because
Jordan Peterson got on the map through
sort of basically saying that I'm not
gonna you know I'm not gonna respond to
people's genders pronouns at least in a
compulsory manner and I'm willing to go
to jail over this he had this whole kind
of public melodrama about this Canadian
directive that he was responding to and
definitely radically overreacting to and
he also was saying that you know speech
codes of any
kind sort of closed the infrastructure
free speech they limit the cognitive and
linguistic territory and what's been
interesting in the last couple of months
is that Jordan Peterson seems to have no
problem limiting certain kinds of
cognitive and linguistic territory and
that was involved anybody who's critical
of him he called a couple of several
months ago he sued University in Canada
basically professors who had criticized
him he sued them for a conversation that
they had had in a week tape where I mean
the professors did not come off well on
the tape at all but a bit of an
incredibly astonishing thing to sue over
especially for his self-proclaimed free
speech advocate and now Jordan Peterson
has sent a letter to author by the name
of scrolling it down for music I've got
a cape man Caitlyn and yes Kate man
she's a professor at the Sage school of
philosophy at Cornell
so she's a I'm defenseless against that
kind of female insanity so basically and
you might ask yourself like did this did
she
as I said like did she make up a story
about him did she say that he killed
somebody did she do something like that
no she called him a misogynist and Voxx
and I yeah I mean not even that I
explained what she did yeah no have
actually have so I learned about this
story he filed this or his lawyer did
back in June but I just learned about it
I think with most people this week with
an article in the cut right by Aaron
Carmen and they got a hold of the letter
that Peterson's lawyers sent and and the
first it's very short so I'll just read
some of it if you don't mind I don't
know being entertaining and they get the
source when you're doing your voice
it addresses not just like you know I'm
just kidding go ahead oh no this lawyer
rule is all right
okay so it's addressed to Professor
Capeman
at Cornell to Professor Derek para boom
the chair of her department at Cornell
Wow Sean ihling the Vox reporter who
interviewed Kate man and Vox Media I
know Sean ihling Sean Ellen good good
guy majority boy listen I love him and
it's fun faking it didn't which is just
it's okay first of all it's just really
unusual that I can understand including
Vox on there if you're going to be
pursuing a libel or slander claim but
the adding the chair of her department
is just a bullying tactic oh yeah oh
yeah okay so then it's this letter
services notice of action blah blah blah
on June 6 the following libelous
statements by professor Mann were
published on the website below and then
it lists some quotes from the professor
that upset
Jordan Peterson and they are I also
think the way Peterson cherry picked a
few more dignified sounding sentences
from the diary of one of the Columbine
killers Eric Harris was downright
dishonest I suspect that for many of
Peterson's readers the sexism on display
is one tool among many to make forceful
domineering moves that that are typical
of misogyny so she didn't actually call
him a misogynist and she just said it
was like misogyny lawsuit that Oh like
you're sued then she actually she does
go on to say frame one of his quotes as
classic straight-up misogyny and then
Peterson measures himself by the size of
his celebrity the idea of winning or
dominance sorry as an into itself
eyebrow-raising authoritarian sounding
and she the last statement include it
doesn't seem accidental that his
skepticism about objective facts arises
when it's conveniently anti-feminist and
then there's
lawyers from Levitt LLP demand please
you lawyers it's a huge science please
immediately retract all of Professor
Mann's defamatory statements have them
immediately removed from the internet
and issue an apology in the same forum
to mr. Peterson otherwise our client
will take all steps necessary to protect
his professional reputation including
but not limited to initiating legal
proceedings against all of you for
damages including punitive damages oh
man how how do we sorry how do we not
have the Jerky Boys sound drop for that
sue everybody oh and the people you
associate with I'll be suing them as
well Cornell University is vicariously
liable for professor Mann's defamatory
statements now what does that mean well
as and then the last words as a Supreme
Court of Canada has made clear liability
can be imputed to employers due to
damages caused by their employees or
officers yeah their platform in the
Husky or the platforming earth oh this
really just gives up the ghost I mean
the idea that you can stand up as a free
speech warrior and then have your
personal attorney send around these kind
of bullying letters to get articles
removed from the internet and replaced
with fawning apologies right he's like
as far from free speech as you can get
and this stuff does have an effect on
media organizations I'm in the article
that interviewed Sean Ealing it
basically he says that his employers and
and their lawyers laughed it off because
it was a joke I mean there's no call
there's nothing actionable in the US or
Canada about what the woman said right
right right I mean this is yeah there's
literally nothing this is a if this was
the standard basically you couldn't
write a critical book review you
couldn't do anything yeah yeah sanur
establishing new linguistic territory
can't criticize my books he wants to sue
about the stuff that free speech is for
yeah well I think that's the guy also
sir I also suspect that the fact that
she's at Cornell and he's stuck up in
the frozen north as part of it too
because here's somebody from arguably
more prestigious university who's
knocking him and is from he's a
philosophy department too if I reckon
psychology psychology uh psychology but
based but I think your broader point
that that he's lower than her and the
dominance hierarchy should keep his
mouth shut
stands a woman at that yeah yeah but a
woman who's at a better college so it's
a tough road chaos at Cornell lawsuit
edition no but I think what you're
saying it's like yes it's not just like
the obvious giving up of the ghosts here
in terms of like you know this guy and
this whole silly movement is constantly
banging on about free speech and now
like this is one of the only maneuvers
available where one can really shut down
free speech right like this isn't oh no
I was criticized for saying something
that's against my free speech this is
like actually literally you're making an
analysis of my work that I don't well
like I'll sue you so I think you know
that's that's one part of it and and I
and it and it does give up the ghost but
it also really shows that like not only
is it giving up the ghost but I think in
and and I don't think this is a good
thing because I am probably more on the
like you know certainly when it comes to
legal and policy decisions I'm pretty
strong on you know free speech
protections I don't think that there's
an advantage for the left in any type of
a long-term way for sort of like speech
limitation right and I also don't think
that speech limitation is necessarily
how you win the war against the people
that you know forward fascistic or any
other types of you know disgusting ideas
right
it's just striking now that like I guess
that these people like Jordan Peterson
are not only are they giving up the
ghost they're they've turned the idea of
free speech that actually has some at
the very least agree or disagree
incredibly important intellectual
history and has served a really
important role in our society and also
in some very left movements into just
like a punch like oh that guy's talking
about free speech there's a fascist
right like yeah they have totally
toxified the brand of actually a very um
you know admirable isn't that what
fascist would want to do yeah free
speech i mean as an actual exact verse
exactly well there's you know we've
played Richard Spencer you know nine
months ago or so saying like well of
course we don't actually support free
speech but it's a weapon in our arsenal
and I'm not saying before people freaked
out
I don't think Jordan Peterson and
Richard Spencer are the same characters
but it's like obviously there's similar
water that they're in intentionally or
unintentionally and this reveals it you
can't you know banging on about
basically like I will go to the mat to
make sure that I don't respect you know
identity categories of students but you
can't criticize my book and Vox you know
there's there's another similarity that
I immediately thought of when I saw this
story because the last Nazi rally that I
went to I might have mentioned it on
this I think I just told friends about
this I don't think I even mentioned it
on my show but there was this guy that
was there young guy sort of like typical
college-age all right you know Pepe kind
of troll and I recognized him from
several of these previous rallies but at
this one he was presenting himself as a
sort of young progressive criminal
justice reform advocate and pressing his
line and anybody who would listen
including all the national press that
was there to cover this thing
and you know he came up and talked to me
and I was like yeah that's fine I'll
hear you out I'll hear your spiel as
long as I can record it okay so I was
recording him visibly you know and you
know at the end of his spiel his first
example for criminal justice reform was
the Bundys and that maltreated they were
and I'm like okay I see what's happening
here an interesting starting that way
you know when he at the end of it he's
like okay what do you think about what I
said like man to man I was like man to
man are you kidding with me like he's
like no really man to man like I how are
you gonna spin this and I'm like okay
well you're gonna go on the majare your
port make fun of me with Michael Obama a
little problematic super problematic
approach him it's okay man I've seen you
at these these right-wing rallies for
more than a year and I'm really
surprised to see you presenting yourself
as a young progressive up-and-comer it's
really not what I would have expected so
you know I think you're bullshitting me
with this whole thing right and he's
like immediately goes to I'll see you
I'll get you fired who do you work for
again I'm totally getting you fired
I've been recording all of this Wow but
basically and look you know that that is
right out of the that is right out of
the playbook I mean they're they're
picking up this strategy somewhere I'm
not saying that Jordan Peterson is
telling all of his weird you know
minions to follow this strategy of suing
people who don't portray them as they
wish to be portrayed at any given moment
but clearly it's it's out there you know
in in there
in the waters that they swim in and you
know it's kind of it's
kind of a tell right like their idea of
free speech is you say what we want said
or else right because that you know this
example with a kid that I just gave I
mean I know he was and all right
activists I knew his purpose was to you
know essentially try to recruit people
with sort of deceptive tactics into his
movement by misrepresenting himself
right and the idea his idea of what a
good interview would have been and I
don't know if any other reporters who
were there bit on this but I know it
happens all the time
these people use fake names and they
they come up with different you know PR
strategies ahead of their events hoping
to get national press
you know his idea of a good interview
would be I passed on a pack of lies from
him and that's simply not what free
speech was for free speeches for so we
can have honest discussions you know in
advance you know an understanding based
on factual information so the thread
that you see with these you know Nazis
using their legal threats and Jordan
Pearson using his to protect his
professional reputation whatever that is
is that it's it does go back to this
sort of like patriarchal dominant idea
of what I say is free speech what you
say a is slander unless you're echoing
what I say and that is that's simply not
speech that is totalitarian propaganda
right well I think that speaks to what
mariana said the other day which is
fascists have very slippery tactics and
they're very adaptable to whatever is
popular at the moment like Barry Weiss
likes to call herself a liberal and
that's a neat rhetorical trick because
also like in addition to wanting their
ideas spread
they want to be liked and respected and
you know it's it's like the same thing
as Peter Thiel who sued Gore out of
existence because they clown on him
constantly granted they gave he gave him
they gave him a reason when they outed
him so it would look a little better on
his end but like the Saudis knew I want
an iPod like they they don't want to
just be able to talk they want to be in
mainstream platforms and they want to be
liked and respected and they can't
handle it when people speak against them
yeah you know I think actually diktat
and the former Gawker
owner is pretty convincing when he talks
about how the outing wasn't really an
outing all right but especially in his
peer group deals peer group and that the
real motivations for the lawsuit
probably had more to do with their
coverage of the businesses that he
funded oh yeah it's a cold-blooded
killer I promise you he doesn't care at
all about like you know socialized
homophobia and whatever just just just
in varying contexts little conversation
he's figuratively speaking
a cold odd killer as far as we know I
figured as far as we know I mean there's
a lot of legitimate questions to ask
there cold blood I mean that's also yeah
well blood is that blood is an interest
ice cold refrigerant ice I called
refrigerated blonde
