let's go to the phones come from a 603
area code who's this we come from hi Sam
my name is neuron I'm a student at the
University of New Hampshire and I
believe I tweeted you yesterday about an
encounter with J's Rubin a lot I hear
laughter yeah one oh wait a second we
didn't count go ahead good yeah
the encounter actually is like touching
on a lot of the points that uh that
Amanda spoke on and that you guys have
been speaking on and you know I've just
been looking at his tweets about the
event yesterday you know of course
people protested of course you know
people were disrupting the event which
of course is within well within their
rights but I was like looking through a
lot of his tweets and it's just
mind-blowing to me how he is twisting
the events you know as if somebody
didn't come up to the mic for almost 10
minutes trying to engage in this
so-called civil discourse that he you
know claims to want you know people to
have and so you know I I was telling a
friend of mine actually who graduated
and you know a big fan of yours and he
told me you should call up the Sam cedar
and see what happens
talk about this well yeah ok ok so last
night he was speaking at UNH it was a
student sponsored free speech event and
what supposedly so what what happened
here
what to just give us the you know walk
us through this yeah sure so I mean I'm
not gonna comment on like the student
organization that brought him in it was
you know it was turning-point USA I'm
not gonna comment on the members in it
for me if if it's really about civil
discourse I truly believe that they
could have just sat down with other
students instead of you know bringing in
Dave I think Charlie Kurtz and Candace
Owens were also supposed to be there but
you know too cool for us they were
hanging out with Kanye so
all right now I should say it was in the
whitmore Center it's a 7,500 seat arena
and there were 200 audience members yes
around 200 it was around 200 I think I
can't say what the split was exactly
there there seems to be a lot of people
who were there who were you know fans of
Dave there were a lot of people there
who were you know opposed to the event
because they felt like the timing of it
if you look up UNH we've had a history
of vice incidents and hate crime
following the election of Trump but more
specifically the events of Cinco DeMayo
last year where we saw you know blatant
racism and targeting of students of
color by white students and we just felt
the topic of this event was supposed to
be social justice and free speech and
cultural appropriation and we just felt
like the timing was so like insightful
it's so you know whether the organizers
had the intention or not it will be
insightful like we don't know what we're
anticipating in these next few days but
we know that people don't care about
these issues they just think oh this
like 8% of non-white students at UNH are
crybabies and overly sensitive and it's
like that's not the case you know it's
not just people you know being mean to
each other which is you know the words
that Dave said people have a right to be
mean to each other it's not people as
being just mean to each other
it's about you know specific speech
targeting people in that speech you know
gradually becoming you know a biased
incident somebody getting spit on
somebody being followed to their car
somebody having a rock thrown at them so
this is why there see there this is why
there was a lot of controversy about the
event and so he characterized it as as
the that there was two dozen he says
people who did not who were who are
protesting what so what what happened do
you you you tried to ask him
she wouldn't answer it what was it women
what what happened
this is what happened this is just my
experience of course there were people
who are protesting and disrupting I'm
not going to speak on that I'm just
gonna sleep on my own experience he
seemed to have singled me out you know
before I even got up to say a question
I'm sure when videos of the event come
out people will see that you know prior
to the QA at one point I guess my face
was just like really obviously disgusted
by something he was saying so you know
he called me out he said hey you in the
audience like you look like you have
something to say and I looked at him and
I said nice suit
because I was I was just you know he
really seemed like he wanted to pick a
fight he really wanted somebody to like
see this narrative and you know insult
him so he could be like oh how
intolerant or whatever so you know I
could sit at that and then the Q&A comes
you know comes around he ends it early
actually he says I just know I want to
get into the Q&A and this is after you
know people have disrupted in different
ways and he goes why don't we start with
that girl right there he points to me
you know I said okay I say okay um
apparently we weren't supposed to hold
the microphone so I was going to have
somebody hold the microphone for me and
I pointed out I said it's really
interesting that this is a free speech
event but I'm not even gonna be able to
hold the microphone and I said exactly
how I just said it now I was pretty calm
and dave goes you know you're looking
for a fight you're looking so I said I'm
not I just you know it's interesting I'm
not even be able to hold the microphone
so they ended up giving you a microphone
and I did talk I did say you know at one
point at what point does it become hate
speech like does it become hate speech
and victimhood because you know of
course he believed him and you know the
two other speakers were supposed to come
that you know hate speech isn't me land
that like everybody just has a victim
complex when when does it become real
like when the victim is actually like
physically assaulted or like you know
murdered like it's not like it's not
like this stuff doesn't happen right
when does the hate actually become hate
speech and for that you know he just he
responded you know the court is real but
he features an leo blah blah
all and you know I was as I didn't think
I'm sorry he said the Supreme wait a
second yes said the supreme Supreme
Court has ruled that hate speech doesn't
exist he said that like the only speech
that is limited is that you know you
can't run into a movie theater and yell
fire or you know physically you know
threaten people that was his response
but he he said that you know hate speech
doesn't exist wasn't ruling on hates
okay all right continue yeah and you
know at that point I know about these
like I'd like watch some of these videos
and I know what his background is and
yeah I said you know you know these your
you're a Jewish man so I just have you
know a yes or no question for you do you
believe that anti-semitic rhetoric Tim
Reid - or is correlated to anti-semitic
violence yes or no question and I worded
it like that exactly and I asked it a
few times and every single time I asked
it he didn't respond at one point he
actually said yeah it's okay to say mean
things about Jews and I said is
anti-semitism really a mean thing you
know is are we really just you know
brushing off anti-semitism now mean
words I said come on are we yeah like is
what Hitler did just a mean thing like
it's all the rhetoric that was espoused
about Jews in Germany you know just mean
words before actually like became action
and he didn't respond my my biggest
thing though is that if you look at all
his tweets again talking about how the
crowd is so wild and how nobody was down
to have a discussion with him I tried to
have a discussion with him he called me
angry multiple times so that I was
looking for a fight multiple times he
asked me how I was oppressed and I know
we're in the discussion I claimed I was
oppressed and at one point he called me
a liberal and nowhere in the discussion
had I claimed I was a little girl so it
feels like he was just losing the same
buzzfeed phrases you know that he's
probably used to using and wasn't moving
down to the real conversation and at one
point I I think I used the word de facto
I don't
call the context I was explaining why I
was asking the question and you know why
I thought it was important to ask the
question and I guess I used that word
you know do you even know what that
means
so for somebody who's claiming to want
to have civil discourse and you know
quote-unquote in the free exchange of
ideas I talked to him for like 10
minutes and there seems to be consensus
among the crowd but my questions weren't
answered and that I was such respected
yeah I mean you know the idea that
there's no such thing as hate speech is
is incorrect there's no there's no you
you cannot abridge the First Amendment
based on some type of hate speech
grounds but this is why freedom of
speech the this term is it's so
important to understand you cannot
abridge the First Amendment but if you
are not a representative of a government
you are not in a position to abridge the
First Amendment I mean because the First
Amendment is that the government cannot
in any way restrict your speech you can
say and and for someone who's so
interested in property rights you know
like the idea of a of a of a university
and I guess he could argue from a State
University situation that you you can't
abridge of free speech based on hate
grounds you can't have a hate speech
code of conduct up a thing
but certainly on a private campus you
can and to the extent that we have seen
anybody speech abridged on college
campuses in particular there is a study
that has been done by a a guy from the
Nickerson Institute which is a which is
a a libertarian think-tank it is they
they literally have defending the open
society is like the the the sub-headline
it's a guy named Jeffrey Adams
Jax and not only did he find that there
is no evidence that 18 to 24 year olds
are significantly less supportive of
free speech than older generations he
went on to find in his research that to
the extent that any professors have been
fired 45 incidents from 2015 to 2017 in
which professors were fired suspended or
otherwise punished for what they said in
a classroom or on campus of the 26 he
found in 2017 for example 19 had made
liberal comments and concerns and that
doesn't count people who were kind of
forced out right like it just it only
includes bother firings suspended like
or otherwise punished there are plenty
of other people who have been
unofficially forced out due to things
that they have said like George Tucker
Alomar resigned his post after about a
year of death threats for his
anti-racist and and somewhat
inflammatory tweets but still kianga
yamada taylor had to cancel numerous
appearances because she was getting
death threats and she is also a leftist
and anti-racist and a feminist so there
you go mm-hmm Lee I mean I was pretty
disappointed that Charley Kurt ended up
not showing up because you know I I do I
do the rounds I follow what these people
say and I don't know if you folks have
heard of a case right now Ron de girar
who is a professor I I believe at Fresno
State who made a comment when uh you
know Bush's mother died saying that she
raised the racist and then you go to
Charlie Kirk's Twitter page where he's
supposedly all for freedom of speech and
also everybody saying what they want and
they shouldn't you know receive any
punishment or backlash and he's asking
the university does this represent your
values why do you have this woman
employed here yeah so there really does
seem to be a hypocrisy regarding you
know
what what's considered speech on the
left you know we're supposed to be
tolerant of people who literally want to
deny that institutional racism exists
but on the flip side if somebody makes a
comment you know about this country not
being so great it's suddenly wow you
should be fired you should be expelled
and I just have a hard time wrapping my
mind about around that we have a screen
shot right now of something called
professor watch list which is a project
of turning-point USA and and they're
subsidiaries and here is what this this
professor I guess himself Geoffrey Adam
Sachs or this researcher in if working
for the NICUs in a think-tank
found was that the reason why there is a
perceived campus free speech crisis
coming from the left is because
turning-point USA has millions of
dollars of funding to exacerbate and to
inflate and to amplify these things when
they happen to a conservative and
there's nothing nothing there's there's
no entity on the left that is organized
or funded with that same mission
statement and so you know Dave Rubin is
goes around and and I imagine he was you
know paid from this group turning points
USA to come out there and speak which is
perfectly fine but let's not kid
ourselves Turning Point USA is simply a
project of folks like the Mercer's and
the cokes who are pouring money into
that and Foster Friess Foster Friess I
mean these are just right-wingers this
is just another form of right-wing
welfare you know Jordan Peterson had to
back off of it because it was a little
too on the nose given his core brand
proposition but he also was trying to
start a monitoring website of professors
and social social sciences and
humanities so it's obvious goes back to
UM that really really crazy guy who
hasn't been on the scene for a while
David Horowitz
he used to go from campus to campus
actually trying to get literally get
liberal like professors fired for you
know critiquing us foreign policies an
example so you know it's an oh it's an
ancient game it's the same it's the same
Khan David Irving the Holocaust denier
used it when he tried to go after you
know mainstream Holocaust scholarship
and that's why he sued them in UK court
for life did you take any video of your
exchange with Dave Rubin you know I
personally didn't I'm looking around for
some I'm sure people did take videos of
the exchange because they they won't if
it makes Dave Rubin look bad in any way
they won't publish it oh yeah they're
not gonna put it they will not publish
it I know for a fact they won't publish
it because you know I just spoke
I spoke very common to him you know the
only times maybe when my voice was
raised you know was maybe they're like
counter when other people were
disrupting and I wanted to be heard but
for the most part I really was speaking
to him in a calm manner asking very
direct questions you know and again
every time you put words in my mouth
I would call him out on it and I really
I ended I ended my my monologue as I
it's already been called by like some
conservatives I go online I really under
date with you know I have a person I
haven't gone on my way to personally to
talkie while I was standing here I
haven't you know I haven't personally
gone after you or after anything you've
said I've been here doing what you
claimed you want people to do I've been
doing the whole civil discourse thing
whole dialog thing and you haven't been
responsive so if it's really about
having a discourse it was evident to me
last night that it's not about having a
discourse it's about how well can you
make a mockery of the person standing in
front of you if you can make a mockery
of your opponent then yeah they'll say
this is civil discourse you should just
take it but when they see that it's not
somebody who will take you know the
egging on they will they will shut down
and I feel like David will shut down
well listen I actually I ask a quick
question was he
yeahbsolutely was he funny he was not
funny what is it with conservative men
having no sense of humor like it's the
trend seems to be the trend well listen
I appreciate the phone call
thanks so much and if you come up with
video tweet at me please
Wow thanks so much for having me I'm
gonna start listening to this podcast in
a second because I the Rubin stand up
well let me just let me just finish this
off for a second yeah I am perfectly in
favor of mocking other people I think
that's perfectly fine I think in a free
society satire is just as valid as you
know any other form of communication now
dave rubin creates straw men and in some
instances straw women and then has
arguments with them and we've seen this
is not the first example we have heard
of this he will not answer these
questions the other day he said that
david hog the the the one of the
parkland students had a really stupid
idea i can't even remember what it was
actually I read the thing that hug wrote
it was not particularly stupid but but
Dave Rubin said it was stupid and I want
to be clear on what's happened in the
past Michael did a video about Dave
Rubin and it was titled bye-bye Nursery
sir well would you had you produced not
that was any title yep
Kelly seemed to think that she put idled
it but nevertheless it doesn't matter
the title said something to the effect
of like Dave Reubens
stupid ideas and Dave Dave expressed to
me that he was upset by this and so I
immediately took the video down
violation of my free speech in violation
of Michaels freeze
reach and I apologized publicly and
sincerely to Dave cowardice he refused
to accept the apology and said that he
could not interview me or be on this
show because of Michael's actions and
this was also by the way within the same
24 hours of saying any good liberals
that I should talk to you and a lot of
people say oh Michael or Sam great ideas
and and so Dave the idea of hypocrisy
when it comes to Dave Rubin is almost
it's it's almost nonsensical to talk
about was it not for hypocrisy all that
would be left of Dave Rubin is his nice
sport coat with a melting snowflake
inside that's right and so I will again
tell Dave Rubin that he is welcome on
this program I would be happy to go on
his program I will meet him in a neutral
space I will meet him in a conservative
space I will meet him in a liberal space
if I could rhyme this I would
classically liberal how a classically
liberal place a libertarian space I'm
really interested in is a safe or unsafe
space a dangerous space in any context
