welcome back Michael Brooks on the
majority report joining us now is Steven
cook he's a senior fellow at the Council
on Foreign Relations Steve thanks so
much for being on the majority report
again my friends it's always a pleasure
how are you I'm doing well
very very it was just a sort of pleasure
to be talking with you even though we we
somehow maintained such a good vibe even
most horrible topics so thank you think
of anything more terrible but okay yeah
all right maintain is goodbye despite
everything going on around it yeah you
know what let's start let's start with
these sort of we'll start with the most
positive thing I think that we can kind
of get out of the Middle East region
right now which is that Kurdish fighters
have been running the tables on Isis for
the last couple of months they've been
taking back territory and Syria they've
been liberating towns and you know I'm
not one to idolize anybody but I've
always kind of maintained that look if
you really meet if you need a side in
this conflict I cannot think of anyone
other than the Syrian Kurds to have some
real sort of genuine you know sympathy
and identity with you know ideologically
as well as in terms of just sort of the
literal just kind of amazing physical
courage of their fight why can you kind
of explain those victories and then
maybe wat like what happened I mean Isis
was freaking everybody out a couple
years ago I felt like almost couple
years ago people were thinking way too
much about Isis and now many people are
thinking a little too little what we do
tend to grow in those cycles and about
it you know remember when al-qaeda ate
American foreign policy is starting in
June 2014 Isis ate American foreign
policy it was the only thing that
anybody can think about and you know
American officials would go you know to
Asia and talk about the fight against
Isis and enlisting support the fight
against Isis so you're absolutely right
but to to your direct question but the
fear the the Syrian Kurds the the
fighting force that the United States
has been working with
the people's protection units known by
its acronym YPG was set up around first
second half of 2011 by the Kurdistan
Workers Party this Turkish terrorist
organization the United States
recognizes a terrorist organization that
had been waging war against Turkey since
1984 and the Turkish Kurds went to the
Syrian Kurds and said no good is gonna
come of this uprising that's happening
in Syria you're gonna have to protect
yourself so let us help you set up this
fighting force and over time those two
groups have become inextricably linked
and the PKK has been in a battlefield
since as I said 1984 and they've
imparted a significant amount of advice
and personnel to the YPG and then of
course you have American special forces
that have been working with and
coordinating with the YPG as you said
you know you what other Ally would you
want in the fight against Isis in Syria
and I think US Central Command and the
Joint Special Operations Command feel
precisely the same way and had devoted a
significant amount of resources to to
this fight
of course the whole policy creates all
kinds of contradictions for the United
States because of course the Turks
regard the YPG the Syrian Kurdish forces
as just an extension of the PKK and
therefore our terrorists and see the
United States as essentially enabling a
terrorist State on Turkey southern
border hmm so and I will just note we
don't have to belabor it but I know some
people are jumping up and down now and I
I'll I'll say I share some of the
ambivalence of the PKK I mean they've
certainly engaged in campaigns that have
targeted and hurt civilians so I think
on some level that's a fair description
for any group or individual who would
harm civilians for an ideological end is
engaging in terrorism but I also do
recognize the arguments for it you know
fulfilling a number of other
legitimate very important political
functions so let me just sort of table
them and acknowledge that in the in the
audience but that being said I mean okay
it also though reveals contradictions in
Turkish policy one contradiction being
was Turkey far too
blase at best potentially
collaborationist at worse with Isis
itself a couple years ago and the second
being uh you know we've talked so many
times and at this point I mean we're
just in the full transition there's no
debate anymore about air21
and his governance and what it
represents but in the phase of the sort
of who is heir to one and there are
these terrible things but there's also
these really progressive things
happening that perhaps doing for cynical
reasons but he is doing them they were
opening up he was in one negotiating
with the PKK he was the one actually
making some small but concrete steps in
the direction of Kurdish civil rights so
I guess we'll get to why turkey feels
betrayed by the United States but the
first sort of thing out of it for me is
that okay well what about Turkey's own
ambivalent relationship with Isis number
one and then number two what about its
own kind of flip back in the last couple
years to such a nationalist posture with
its Kurds that they're even you know
targeting I mean forget the PKK they're
targeting actually you know right
Kurdish civil society and genuine
democratic party parties right it in
it's a stunning irony that we've come to
this point because only the Justice and
Development Party only the AKP could
have opened a negotiation with the PKK
could have spoken about easing
restrictions on Kurdish language
expressions of Kurdish culture only that
party could have done it based on its
worldview and and and that worldview was
let's ratchet down the end
this is on Turkishness that's central to
Turkish nationalism let's relax those
ideas and and build up the idea that
we're all a bunch of happy Muslims in
this country that we call Turkey and we
can all be Turkish citizens what
happened and it began happening really
with the spring 2014 municipal elections
what everyone found was although AKP
mayors and and others didn't lose any
races they did cede some votes to
nationalist parties and he has and in
the spring of 2014 he was looking down
the barrel of a presidential election
and importantly a general election in
2015 and everyone is if anything a
shrewd careful and paranoid politician
as all good politicians are and he made
a decision to shift back and capture
this kind of nationalist corner of of
the Turkish electorate and the idea was
that he would secure his place as
president secure a majority in the
parliament and and and people believed
that he would then kind of moved back to
this negotiation but of course violence
the PKK started undertaking violence in
the summer of 2015 the election in June
2015 didn't go as well as everyone
wanted he was trying to sabotage
coalition government talks and we were
often running into a hot war in 2015 the
rerun of the elections produced the
result that he wanted but of course too
much blood had been spilled at that
point for air to on to to offer a hand
back for negotiations so that's where we
are the PKK there's some indication that
the PKK having been battered terribly in
this fight with the Turks over the
course of the last couple years are
willing to restart negotiations we'll
see where that goes but that's why you
see this kind of stridently nationalist
tone coming out of Ankara and as you
said it's not just going after the PKK
the leadership of the predominantly
Kurdish
legal party in Turkey are sitting in
jail so it's and this is just a real
totally like there's there's social
democrats i mean i i've covered them
right on on my show and i mean we
actually were making the case gene basel
on and i that that not only is this sort
of like a fully paid-up
open democratic party some of the models
that they even have for kind of broad
social democracy and also sort of group
identity and rights it's almost like a
world-class synthesis in some ways so i
mean these guys that have there are
being oppressed there's not even any
there's no violence there's no ambiguity
about where they are on the map
right they are social democrats there's
been some conjecture that the leadership
does have links to the PKK i would think
that they would only because these are
Turkish Kurds and this is part of the
Turkish Kurdish political spectrum and
that they would be in communication in
communication with this Chris but it is
this kind of striving Turkish
nationalism that overtook Turkish policy
when it came to Syria and when President
Obama went to the Turks and said hey we
really need your help on the Islamic
state the Turks said actually we have
other priorities and that's nothing out
Kurdish nationalism because the last
thing we want to see is this Kurdish
autonomous independent whatever you want
to call it stately entity whatever on
Turkey's southern border carved out of
of northern Syria and so there was this
kind of turning a blind eye to extremist
groups like Isis that we're gonna fight
was the blind eye or was it as some
people suggest even a little bit more
supportive than just a blind eye well
there was an evolution there was an
evolution of Turkish policy here the
Turks initially were willing to absent
and American intervention in Syria were
willing to allow people to use their
territory
extremists to use their territory to
attack the Assad regime when it came to
the Kurds when it came to kobani and and
the ISIS onslaught on kobani the Turks
decided not to act because essentially
Isis was doing its bid it there is some
evidence the the Turkish newspaper Jim
who yet which is a left nationalist
alleged keeper of the Ataturk kissed
flame had allegedly uncovered evidence
that the Turks were actually shipping
weapons that were coming into the hands
of Isis the journalists and editor who
did those stories ended up in jail for
this so there is some circumstantial
evidence they were directly according
there's no doubt there's no doubt of
course that the Turks were coordinating
with with Al Qaeda affiliates in Syria
so it's been a dirty terrible situation
and it's gotten the Turks all caught up
in the Syrian civil war and it's really
radicalized Turkish politics is there
any I mean and and now it comes to this
piece that you wrote recently in
Politico why Turkey feels burned by
Trump or I guess it was he a couple
weeks ago in late November was it
because and we were speculating in the
office before this conversation that era
Diwan just feels upset that Trump wasn't
more supportive of him unleashing his
bodyguards to beat up peaceful
protesters in DC what is the the rumble
and Jared encircle like I mean you know
what like everybody else in the Middle
East the Turks were the Turkish
government uh you know people who were
supportive of Turkish government we're
really looking forward to president
Trump's okay they saw Obama as
ambivalent about them and they really
believe that you know Obama was a
creature of the American establishment
of bizarrely and that in that Trump
having campaigned against the
establishment would would side with
Turkey and that Turkey's real problem
was was
you know in the kind of commentary and
the people around Obama from the
establishment who who disliked Turkey
which was of course a complete opposite
the American foreign policy
establishment has for years
shielded Turkey bent over backwards to
prevent an Armenian Genocide resolution
all these kinds of things right and then
and then following these expectations
there was the belief that one Trump
would facilitate the extradition of
Fethullah Gulen who the Turkish
government accuses of masterminding the
failed coup in 2016 believe that the
Trump administration would stop
coordinating and arming the Syrian Kurds
and believe that they would put an end
to the trial of Reza's Arab this
turkish-iranian businessman who has now
turned state's evidence and is spilling
all the beans about Turkey's role in
busting sanctions on Iran so none of
those things have come to pass the
trials continued that to a gülen's
extradition process who is in the court
and President Trump and vice president
pence has said to the Turks hey we're
going to continue working with with the
Syrian Kurds so the Turks are in a rage
over all of these issues and they're in
a rage over the commentary about Turkey
in the United States and that and the
West more broadly hi folks Sam cedar
here we still need your help on our
patreon page YouTube ABS have come back
but not nearly as much as we had before
so if you can help us out any little bit
helps head over to our patreon page
right at this URL and you'll help us
keep helping you by making videos
