[Music]
coincidental one of the pieces that has
come out about the the Israeli passing
the Jewish supremacy law today and we're
gonna be talking more about that next
week is war on coal saying like you know
where is the outrage about Netanyahu and
in the sort of the relative to the
administration and it's it it feels like
there is and and I there you know I have
all these eager to disparate to
interview that we've done over the years
like when when the administration was
first assembled we had Dan dicker on
who's a guy sometimes maybe you've seen
on MSNBC say he's a commodities
particularly oil trader yeah he's like
this sounds like sort of the dream team
you would set up if you're trying to do
a you know a petrol you know a thaw
Rotarians state essentially yeah and
it's quite possible that that team was
assembled not because they're all part
of it but they would all be amenable to
these type of relationship because you
know like if if you step back and you
say okay how did Rex Tillerson end up in
here he doesn't seem to have any
relationships with any dad exactly it
could have been other people involved in
some relationship between Russia Saudi
UAE back to Alex's point and those reps
is there because of what you're saying
but then the bump is Trump's like I
don't like that guy Yeah right and the
whole thing gets disrupt right right and
you know it's all about like you know
the the first thing that the the Trump
administration did is sort of like what
what you you know you read about mafia
organizations doing like let's close the
circle yeah right like we're gonna put
all the capo is this you know at arm's
length and we're gonna close the circle
so we could just the you know the five
of us are gonna do this that type of
thing and there's a real quality to this
that seems very strange and then I you
know I have my pet theories about felix
seder and the New York FBI
and you know Trump being a longtime
unwitting asset of the FBI because sader
had to say to who seems you know his on
means clearly was an FBI CIA asset yeah
to the extent that letter Loretta Lynch
is writing letters on his behalf any
stabbing people in the face yeah with a
cocktail glass yes I like that detail
yeah yeah just I mean if this guy is run
you know is helping different
organizations tracking money that might
have to do with arms deal hovering
Stinger missiles yes then or a sama bin
Laden's phone number I mean if he's
doing this he needs a pool of money yeah
or a repository for this money and that
was clearly the Trump Organization you
know knowingly or unknowingly they
probably you know they thought I think
it's uh you know the story with the
Trump's is like they thought they were
dealing with this bad guy but right in
fact they were dealing with like a whole
host of other bad guys yes just going
through one yeah like small-timer bad
guy yeah yeah and but I it is like why
why would you need to meet with Putin
honestly like this guy has no policy
like agenda right yeah and yeah like his
only like again like if you're talking
Trump like the only policy especially
International Affairs that he actually
cares about is like he's he's like
tariffs which is like we're not like
that's not gonna come up with Putin
personally like oh you know our our
steel imports I got to talk to Putin
man-to-man about like steel tariffs need
to do that now and told him that they
did here's the thing like Donald Trump
like on some level and you know he's
also crazy yeah that that moment where
like they had this story of like where
Putin said on stage like you know I
didn't know he was in town this is 500
there's 500
man I didn't know he was here you know
and Trump retells the story the next day
yeah buddy says to be fair he but I'm
probably pretty big we probably knew I
was here like the cover story he's so
insecure that he couldn't let the cover
story sit down see no real cover story
cuz he just said I know is there you can
say anything on the man yes drums just
like well the part that he didn't say is
totally true no tape but the part that
he did cept that's probably not true
that's not super notable I mean but you
know that you're in hot water about this
Russia thing undoubtedly any of the
political aides around him would say mr.
president you know how this is gonna be
reported oh of course
yeah you could have someone come in
there and he he's got to make this
determination there has to be a very
aggressive reason yes why he needs it's
one thing to say like okay I'll let you
in but nobody talks but me yeah you
could do that you're the president Yeah
right like but he I mean this is not
yeah and because you can at least say
about Trump that he has a
self-preservation instinct that's very
strong and this like this is this
violates what a normal person would let
what the self-preservation instinct
would tell that normal person like this
there's no way to construe this in a way
that looks good for you like in people
around him would were telling him that
but he has to do it he has to take this
meeting anyway like well but that could
be the self-preservation no exactly
exactly yeah he's got to go in there in
like late why say yeah right I mean what
do I got to do to not have you do what
you're gonna do if I don't do it Yeah
right I mean that's I'm in the saddens
no you are in town could you please
please is there any other scenario how
about
you just say that you were busy you knew
I was ill me because of respect because
of respect the exactly what about I'm
just I'm spitballing you're intimidated
by me yes all right so here is one of
those moments so the moment that Trump
gets done with the conference Dan coach
goes out remember it's like on both
sides right like I dropped the the
indictments before he goes in for his
meeting which is to me I mean I saw some
peace I don't know where it was that was
like it was Donald Trump's decision to
announce this beforehand because he
wanted leverage nobody even took that
story seriously you'd have to like
usually a story like that gets written
and then other people sort of reference
it yeah and nobody don't even bother yes
enough to believe that
so Muller does this it seems to me or
Rosenstein I guess because it's to
basically say hey everybody look how
weird this is going to be test here's a
test you decide whether or not he passes
yeah and then he fails yes and then Dan
coach and I don't know when the last
time I said Dan coach his name unreal oh
that's right yeah just emerges out of
nowhere sticks his hand up and goes hey
9/11 level of what we're dealing with
here right like 9/11 dealing you know
dan coates is not you know with all due
respect dan coach is not near a tendon
right like oh yeah
like resistance 911 yeah and then he is
he decides to go to Aspen maybe he would
have gone to Aspen anyway and go with
Andrea Mitchell and to have this
interview you know taped yeah going out
in public talking about I wouldn't do
this I wouldn't do that
and then this moment happens which it
just is like astonishing here here this
is Dan Coates with Andrea Mitchell
sitting on Plexiglas
yeah we've really uncomfortable looking
chairs
it's super uncomfortable for everybody
talking about the at the security forum
Aspen security and in the middle of the
interview this happens questions I do
want to say we have some breaking news
the White House has announced on Twitter
that Vladimir Putin is coming to the
White House in the fall say that again
you vitomir Putin yeah yeah okay yeah
that's gonna be special everybody's
laughing but it's a little bit weird
it's very weird this is the Director of
National Intelligence like this it's
very weird that only had the laughters
weird his response is weird like all of
it I'm meeting with the Ayatollah next
week yeah and the I doesn't know
whatever we had a private meeting nobody
talks about the great deals we cut in
that meeting I'm nobody wobbly affair
what does Trump think he's doing like
like I I mean I don't know I clearly was
told that we're you and I are having a
me like that came out of the first
meeting right yeah right like yeah Putin
went in there and said we're meeting in
three or four months from now yeah in in
DC and he's like okay it was one of the
accomplishments in the meaning yeah
because there's no way anybody at the
White House thinks I know how we get out
of this mess yes yeah let's try the
entire government inviting Putin to the
White House yeah I have the perfect plan
to get everyone off our backs and you
know what let's let's surprise everyone
like let's make it a nice surprise no
this is gonna be great for Republicans
running for Congress yes yeah because we
will time it so that this fall's
basically a couple of
weeks before the election yes right like
I mean this is insanity on any there's
no at one point like it just
we're heading into territory where it
seems like history's gonna look back on
this and go like seriously yeah like how
many how many pieces of evidence do you
need that are clearly out there I mean
like the the thing where Trump goes out
there and says Russia if you're
listening yeah go for the thirty
thousand Rick I don't know if you know
like I try and look at that in two
different ways yeah yeah you know what I
mean yeah no me too
I know exactly I will explain it it is
like on the one handed it's like his
version of a joke it is like his version
of a joke and it's a campaign stump like
you know like low you know we go get the
rest of the emails if you're the ones
hacking us but then like you know they
tried to do it afterward so that could
just be like well I mean these guys were
you know I mean it's like I could say I
mean this is what I could say like god
man I think it would be
hilarious if Dave Rubin like everybody
sent Dave Rubin you know like I don't
know some gag gift in the mail right and
then yeah there are listeners of the
show who might be like hey I actually
have a supplier gag gifts and I can do
it for a you know I'm just gonna do it
and they just do it I mean it could be
that dynamic or it could also be like
I'm just gonna put it out there cuz
those guys will hear me yeah I mean yeah
I mean I let me put this way it's also
conceivable to me that I would say that
knowing that they would do that now
that's not there's no quid pro quo act
yet to words like if you if you know you
you do know they're listening and you do
know that they have done this like then
you say that with that knowledge right
and there's a difference between me
knowing that my audience is listening
and that they would do stuff like that
right like I could say like hey it would
be great if we won the People's Choice
podcast award this year yeah but do
not if you have a bot do not use it
because they can tell that there are
BOTS if they are done in this way
yeah and that's me saying to somebody
because I know there are people in my
audience who do that type of stuff yeah
how does God Trump know that there's
Russians who are actually hacking on
this duh I just want to clarify for our
listeners we do not want you to send
Dave Rubin poop in the mail okay said
the word boot yes well I don't have
control over the sound board competition
would start kicking in now what so no I
oh no no I mean I was going to say
about the look at look at the thing look
at the we're talking about the Trump
investigation and when you start to add
all this stuff up
I actually thought it'd be funny if you
said it yourself I was gonna say this is
that red flag y'all over
I'm suspect of that this is that that to
me this is red flag all over the place
that's a little inside maybe we'll
explain to you later Alex that's about
but I feel like I feel like of all the
people that sort of cycle through here I
think Alex would be the closest to like
the grid of really actually wanting to
know what that is actually I would like
to know about a minor YouTube feud
we have a a you know now it's calmed
down a little bit yeah because but a
feud with the Jimmy Dore who and that's
actually where the moon in going into
like Michigan a half the idioms on the
show actually all of the reference of
stuff that he said to me about the
chances that somehow you know Trump will
have picks on the Supreme Court you know
yeah you know the moon could fall into
Lake Michigan anything could happen
Jimmy doors like the Bible to this shows
John Milton and that that quote the
red-flag II was about Seth rich yeah
