democracy and chains is the intellectual
history of our present political moment
a probe on its the backstory for the
rise of transforming American politics
through a look at the life and the ideas
of James McGill Buchanan I call James
Buchanan the critical missing piece
because we need to understand James
Buchanan's ideas in order to make sense
of the strategy that is being pursued by
this billionaire backed radical right I
never set out to write this book I did
not go looking for James McGill Buchanan
I'd never heard of him when I started
researching this book I had just
finished another book and I learned
about the school closures in Prince
Edward County Virginia in reaction to
Brown versus Board of Education and then
in the course of digging into that story
I came across a footnote about
Buchanan's work and then someone alerted
me to another footnote that contained a
report that Buchanan's Virginia school
had had a more lasting impact on chilly
than Friedman's Chicago school so then I
was really curious and I began to dig
into the Buchanan's story as well after
he died in January of 2013 I finally by
September was able to get into his
papers and that's where my hypotheses
were confirmed and I found some really
interesting stuff
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show on
Michael Brooks we're broadcasting live
from downtown Brooklyn USA we're left as
best as it is everywhere else with super
producer Matt luck hello chief economist
and quick on the draw
David Griscom how's it going so producer
David Slovak is in the digisphere
in the ever growing ever aggressive
ever-expanding t MBS universe on this
week's program crew and host of the way
with a noah co-editor of the progressive
army I know achamma joins us we're
talking about the crucial governor's
race in Georgia the next escalation on
the Republican war on civil and voting
rights and can a stacey abrams wind be
an indication of placeholder a precursor
of a radically transformed southern
democratic and left politics one that
can create an actual American democracy
plus shout out to the animal kingdom we
have a dope story that has some poachers
on the losing side of natural innovation
plus we have a gem a Griscom economic
minute the gem system socialist
methodology for winning in the modern
economy a regulate with Matlack in the
postgame Kanye's in Uganda playing nice
with yet another dictator and talking
Jurassic Park and you know that I have
to bust out my MLK Kanye routine plus
potential fruit shortages because of
brexit Mark Zuckerberg sentenced to the
gulag all that's in the post game and
we're gonna touch on this Elizabeth
Warren thing dunk on Anna Navarro had a
absolutely horrifying terrible but oh
god so
amazingly awesome tweet an idea for
Elizabeth Warren that and much much more
on this week's Michael Brooks show Thank
You DJ Dan turkey thank you all of you
let's get to it
the Duke University professor Nancy
McLain who we saw there in the cold open
has written one of the most important
books of our time I've been privileged
to be able to interview her in the past
and to dopeboyz in a podcast and she
will be hopefully again with me on this
show it's called democracy in Chains
democracy in Chains trance traces a
history going back to segregationist
southern foreign policy maker and Arden
an anti majoritarian pro-slavery
advocate James Calhoun through the
libertarian propagandist and academic
James Buchanan to the Koch brothers who
funded Buchanan's work this is the
origin of the infamous Mercatus Center
at George Mason University in Virginia
and whose ideas have been distributed
through at the very least Latin America
but influenced global policy-making
through the neoliberal ization of
institutions like the World Bank and IMF
and structural readjustment packages
that have benefitted US corporations and
hand-tied developing countries across
the globe this is a vital history for
understanding of course not only the
rise of fascism aided by Chicago School
eeeek in this case Chicago School not
Virginia School of Economics in Brazil
with Boston ro and the embracing of it
by The Wall Street Journal and the
Brazilian business community and middle
class but also for what's happening here
especially in light of the confirmation
of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
these are people whose ideological
foundations rested on a recognition that
going back to Calhoun that if you wanted
to in their minds protect capitalism you
needed to protect it from democracy this
is the actual policy counter the
libertarian myth of freedom it's about
the free
of small propertied minorities to do as
they will at the expense of anybody
whether it be african-americans women or
labor unions in the 1950s and a major
influence on Buchanan's work was the
understanding that Brown versus Board of
Education was not only something that
they exposed vigorously on its own terms
because they were opposed to civil
rights because it had implications for
federal interventions to propagate the
protection ironically given the
propaganda of libertarians individual
rights across the board that's actually
what it was about the contest was one
that said freedom was about the states
being free from a national sovereign to
do basically whatever they want slavery
apartheid disenfranchisement of women
labor and large swaths of the population
they defined freedom as the federal
government doesn't interfere with our
repressive systems and this is not just
a handy talking point that was developed
by a segregationist in the 40s 50s and
60s
it goes back to Calhoun it goes back
before the Civil War that recognition
was coupled with a concern of the
business class as exemplified by the
Koch brothers that that same impulse to
ensure rights which is the other side of
this equation the notion that a national
authority could supersede state
authorities if groups and individuals
were being systemic Lee oppressed as
they were in the apartheid south as
labor unions in fact are as well in the
south in a different way although also
and far less encompassing obviously but
also an important one this is the
politics of capitalism as the expense of
all else but they have an advantage not
only because of all of the money behind
them but because they have an
ideological coherence the court system
which rules on behalf of corporations in
the oligarchy props up the corporate
patient's who fund the politicians who
generate the policy frameworks that get
fed to the courts and cut and ratified
by the courts so the Federalist Society
works informally with the Mercatus
Center works informally with all
Republicans in Congress they also
shrewdly exploited disingenuous cultural
interventions to make economics cultural
this is one of the problems we're having
right now and why the distinction
between people who just want to have a
cultural conversation and those who just
want to have an economics conversation
are failing in a full analysis because
the right under the leadership of these
people already recognized that things
like school vouchers which are less
trendy now could be stand-ins to both as
they attempted to rebrand themselves
from being arch segregationist even
though in fact they still are on the
merits but show that they supposedly
were concerned about African American
opportunity well what better to use that
than as a Trojan horse against public
education the deficit as a Trojan horse
a public conversation on morality became
a Trojan horse against the entirety of
federal government spending to benefit
the middle class in the poor not federal
government spending writ large obviously
there's always government it's just who
is it working for even in the most
supposedly anti-government vision
Democrats and the Liberals center-left
failed and fighting back partially
because they didn't understand or maybe
they were paid to not understand by
their own ideological blinders the ways
in which this all fit together
strategically and that is why a sort of
piecemeal approach of small
interventions and I'll and I'll cover
the range here whether it's an
unambiguous unapologetic advocacy of the
positions we need on labor on
single-payer health care on breaking up
banks on a mass reclaiming of wealth in
this country and the fact that
billionaires are antithetical to
democracy and the fact that huge swaths
of this economy needs to be public sized
and democratized
but also in a positive and affirmative
way I overarching vision that recognizes
that white supremacy that systemic
sexism our profound social ills that
affect and work on all of us and we all
participate in well winningly or
unwittingly the structural macro
critique that can feed a vision of our
view of approaching the courts our view
of approaching policy and our view of an
intellectual framework that provides an
alternative to this is the only way of
beating it the right thought
structurally while the center-left was
thinking tactically and while we can
talk obviously about the fact that
corporations compromised everybody in
the whole process the Democratic Party
with the advent of neoliberalism sold
out its traditional constituencies to
Wall Street and Silicon Valley while the
fact that the old social democratic
arrangements of the 1960s most like will
not work today in a highly globalized
economy which is why we need a genuinely
mask global solidarity in order to
advance even a genuine social democratic
agenda the other missing piece was that
the right thought in terms of systems
and long term strategy and the left
thought in terms of how to navigate
within systems that the other side
created and any project whether it's the
socialist one that we favor whether it's
a social democratic one that others
favor whether it's even a sort of
broad-based progressive coalition one
that others favor and obviously all of
these share a lot of traits you're going
to need to have the type of synthetic
and integrated strategic vision that the
right had or we will continue to lose
and it's already profoundly late in the
process they have been winning they have
been gutting democracy they have been
gutting the small social advances of
both the social movements of equity
coming out of the 60s and also the vital
economic gains
of the New Deal and the Great Society
the fusion of which is articulated by
people like Adolf Reid is the necessary
future of politics okay guys please jump
in I'm actually thinking about doing a
democracy in Chains reading group book
club sort of thing for literary hangover
 is a really important give the full
attention at first because the main
problem in which is not really the point
white supremacy shadow in using finance
capitalism and that appealed and
fantastic writer people should go to
that book sort of very rich narrative
sort of project anything it's all your
mean I don't leave this every single
advise dictator shoes that were designs
of
main casts of people being fully
disenfranchised at a put into our
systems just a sub layer group that was
abused and exploited as part of how they
did papal ISM and also yes let me just
be bunk one another one people that
treated him the second-class citizens at
a cafe counter as an example they so got
their business they just had to sit
elsewhere
this is myth and nonsense oh I'm gonna
be in the interest everybody they had
literally a captive class of people who
both needed to pay them for their
services plus could be disenfranchised
from any type of basic civil democratic
and labor rights there's a lot of money
to be made that way and even if you read
all the temples let's say for a second
that Rand Paul personally in his heart
does not think that people should be
mistreated because of the color of skin
he still as of several years ago was
saying that the greater question of
Liberty in the question cities was a
Howard Johnson's owner being able to
dictate get served freely in their shop
versus the people who couldn't get
housing murdered by the police
terrorized by the KKK could vote and
couldn't labor organized and has
disobeyed those same businesses for
services and products that they were in
disenfranchised from he thought the
first thing was the greater question of
liberty and thus take these people face
value if they are not racist and morally
opposed to it then they're in fact even
more demented for having this ludicrous
worldview it's I love Scientology except
for the cult part yeah and it's like the
thing is when a lot of these
libertarians talk about increasing
Liberty they're not interested in
increasing Liberty they're interested
increasing tyranny over the marketplace
so when their Tom o Johnson he's wanting
to increase his ability to be a dick
tater within his own realm right in his
own hotels and you look you know closely
at what happened though with the right
wing and you know especially this
libertarian consensus that sort of you
know really dripped into American
society I mean you gotta remember like
in the 50s most economists for Keynesian
that's right and these you know put so
much money and effort into trying to
shift that worldview to what you know
the fact that even in the 90s and the
2000s Democrats accepted very you know
ridiculous right wing talking points and
Alan Greenspan was the head of the Fed
who everybody praised the guy literally
was part of the iron ran cult they know
exactly I remember when I said he had a
flaw in his ideology my worldview but I
mean you know it's something that you
know we really need to understand why it
was so so successful and why we really
need to fight back not just in winning
power but also in destroying that
framework in that kind of conversation
that's been happening because the
Gramsci dimension yes the counter
hegemonic narrative and that sounds
really fancy but it literally is having
a full counter strategy that's why
things like triangulation even if they
won in the short term could never be
durable because you're playing on
someone else's terms because when and
then look also what happened with
triangulation every victory that the
democratic party the quote-unquote left
one was in a sense of victory for the
right in many ways because they enacted
the right definitely was the nineties
yeah absolutely took over the that
rhetoric they incorporated it to give
them power and then they acted out on it
if it's intentional or not that's the
result of these things and that's why
you know the right has been very smart
in the u.s. understanding that cultural
political and academic dimension of
politics we're so often we forget when
we try to talk about things as if
they're happening individually you know
history isn't something that's given
it's something that's made and something
that's really important that we remember
that as we build you know left-wing
power and coalition said going forward
absolutely by the way I just want to I
just want any I need to comment on the
technical stuff first though we will
have this uploaded with proper audio we
have an excerpt rubble with it's fixed
now but we'll make sure to check that
beforehand but anyway is this up on
screen sorry guys we had we actually had
a bunch of weird
there's something going on here
tech-wise butt-butt-butt forest shutup
forest who's helping us out with the
YouTube he'll have that clipped with
proper audio we'll get that for the
YouTube channel and on that youtube
channel subscribe Michael Brooks show on
YouTube but yeah Louis Hyman who we've
had on majority report recently posted
this was a really long worthwhile thread
on Sears
and how Sears sort of had this well
basically I'll just start in the second
the stores were not self-service so the
black customers would not have to wait
and then would have and then would have
to ask the proprietors to give them
goods off and on credit because
sharecropping the landlord often owned
the store in every way shopping to
reinforce to hierarchy until Sears the
catalog undid the power of the
storekeeper and southern store key was
fought back they organized catalog
bonfires in the streets so they just
wanted that inefficiency so much but it
reminds me of this argument I got in
with on Twitter with a guy who was
trying to suggest that it was the
government forcing store keepers to be
you know enforce the apartheid in the
south right against their will which is
I mean man if there's anything more
insidious but like naked ly stupid it's
that in this false distinction I'm sorry
just like you know I very rarely I don't
guess I've just sort of excommunicated
most libertarian people from my life so
I very rarely get into these dates
anymore yeah I do I think it's really
important to mention to is like this
kind of false dichotomy that between
like the the market and the government
between business owners and the
government is really false throughout
American history attacked as if these
are two separate classes when they've
been very much intertwined and the act
as if you know the the government of you
know states especially in the south was
separate from the business community
throughout the southern history that's
patently false I mean for and the entire
southern government for years was all
about one thing was about promoting
southern industry which was you know the
slave industry which was very much the
business that's Calhoun
yes exams calcium that's part of the
origin story right there all right let's
do this is a fun shout out the printer
is not agreeing with us but oh yeah we
have to play our songs
I can't give that Eminem song out of my
head I like this better than you but it
totally I mean it is that it is that
don't know don't tell the algorithm oh
by the way we have we have nude Anarchy
for interstitial well DJ dinner key
everybody be seeing is the Beast you
love them
thank you today's shout out we want to
shout out the animal kingdom and we're
gonna put this up on screen when we have
a chance it's a story for its science
alert science alert which was reported
by the BBC look up David Slovak and your
Gmail it should be the latest one or or
IIM that's you I am Tasya Matt it's
right under the the sound we're using
with the Noah so it lets in let's throw
this on screen David this is old
actually but why not this is from 2016
young gorillas have learned how to
dismantle poachers traps in the wild
days after poachers kill the young
mountain gorillas which is really
depressing way to start this in Rwanda
is volcanoes national park in 2012
researchers spotted something remarkable
two four year old gorillas were working
together to dismantle similar snares in
the area this is absolutely the first
time we've seen juveniles doing that and
I don't know of any other reports in the
