it is my pleasure to welcome the program
we still have Alex Perrine of splinter
news editor of politics the splinter
news here with us of course Michael and
Brendon and Matt are here but I'd like
to welcome to the program
Jake Flores he is a comedian also a
co-host of maybe my favorite named
podcast good one paw dam America hi Jake
welcome to the program and I should say
that I first heard about your story from
splinter news which I had I had had
forgotten of course but so so okay
before we get into you telling us about
yourself well actually why don't you
tell us about yourself you're you're a
comedian you host pod AM America
what what what happens on pod dam
America um I started pod dam America
about a year ago after Charlotte's book
kind of went down and I found myself you
know doing what I do as a comedian I've
been a fan of her you know a little over
a decade now and it's kind of been
acting for a long time also you know
Maithili involved in a sort of
burgeoning leftist movement it's
happening in America right now and I'm
invested in it and I found myself sort
of fighting a lot and sort of you know
using platforms like Facebook and
Twitter to kind of put information out
that I thought was important but the
night I sort of realized what publishing
stuff I mean algorithm just you know
fades whatever you're writing away so I
started as a project to just sort of um
you know be a part of sort of the new
left because in my opinion like it's not
a new idea and I kind of apes like what
Chop House is doing and those types of
people are you know huge and successful
I just kind of thought that uh you know
if we're gonna have an actual movement
in this country there should be like as
many leftist comedy outlets as there are
straight-up liberal comedy outlets you
know shouldn't be like a singular idea
so
I guess not it is just you know doing my
part in front in my my little area of
expertise into via the the ring you know
I started off by doing some episodes
about on Tifa because I just noticed
that suddenly this thing that I kind of
know about was in the news nobody else
knew about it so you know we started
from there and we we figured out a way
to make it funny if they get kind of
interesting and you know just do what I
can I suppose sounds good and so you you
tweeted something out and I I know that
there's a sort of a danger of people who
are comedians tweeting things can
sometimes get you in trouble but with
that said I think what went down with
you is a lot scarier than when it went
down with me frankly let me read this
tweet of yours from May 5th 2018 and you
write okay here's how Cinco de Mayo
works in 2018 why people are allowed to
culturally appropriate on the condition
that you helped destroy ice you kill one
ice agent and you get to wear a sombrero
two kills and you get to wear a poncho
we did appreciate that if you're angry
at the policy blame Congress so now Jake
was it some type of joke
[Laughter]
listen Georgie report we put the scroll
underneath here everything is satirical
that would talk about we just drop that
all right underneath all right so so you
tweet this out on Cinco de Mayo I know
did you have other Cinco de Mayo tweets
or other tweets talking about ice um
probably it was kind of an ice chick
that day you know that was probably a
big one
I a lot have a bit I can't help with was
uh drink these big cans of blood ice and
yelling uh polish I school I drink them
that was pretty fun like that that
sounds like something that like they
would maybe even contemplate using as an
online campaign I feel like that's like
that's like that's like the teens
version of was I where's my beer I
abolished all the eyes you can have all
this stuff do incidentally so alright so
you tweet it out and how does it do does
it get to get a lot of retweets on this
do you get like what was your ratio
interesting because you know I just I I
I'm an extrude the online millennial you
know so I just tweet every other thought
that goes into my brain and I use the
internet a stret scratchpad like I was
using this as a way to remember it so I
could work it out as a bit later on the
whole thing that happened I got a great
 12 minutes out of it so it can
occur sorry yeah you can so cool so
what's interesting though is that it was
pretty well received but I didn't have
anyone correctly respond to me and say
anything negative like it I got retweets
I got shares on Facebook everyone kind
of laughed a couple of oh you know like
you're just playing the fire there
but nobody really came at me and the
post didn't get taken down which leads
me to believe that it probably didn't
get reported by another user because
when you get reported by another user
the platform flag the post because now
it's a liability right you seem to have
had some experience with this personally
pissed someone off direct so nothing
happened until 9:00 a.m. the next day
with a Fed kicking my daughter and ease
into this
so you're 17 so alright you're now I
assume if you're a comedian it's 9:00
a.m. you're sleep right oh so you're
asleep and I assume also you don't have
a kid or anything like that so you're
totally asleep and what and and how does
just like do you get a doorbell knock is
a buzzer somebody slide a note under
your door what happens okay so this is
kind of burden to the story I don't live
in a regular apartment I live in a loft
which is like a bunk house situation
it's a factory and a part of pointment
is not really residential and nothing's
labeled it's really hard to get into the
building
when I order food who done seamless you
know they don't know where it is like I
had to come downstairs because even if
they get inside which they can't there's
no numbers in the doors or anything
they're just greedy everywhere and stuff
and so it's very odd that they found me
within a day and I 100 is this like are
you are you is it like a squatter
situation I mean or do you not want to
let's skip that it's not it's a Waclaw
it's just you're allowed to live in
rstudio basically in New York until they
destroy this law and up dere - right
exactly but it so with the fennel you
do you get your mail there yeah
um I usually get stuff set to wherever
I'm working though because very reliable
because there's all sorts of crazy
people running in and out all the time
and nails technically works I'm just
curious as to how did they track down
how did they track you down
uh I don't know this doesn't raise a lot
of questions about like this real estate
and like cell phones and things like
that it's like not only do they you know
where I lived so I would be the heir
which I'm not always there I'm like
traveling around I often don't sleep at
home you know he's my guess would be
like oh but did anyone say I suppose now
so they also could have just talked to I
don't know like the the people that own
the building or something I mean her his
record of meeting there it's a complete
spot or anything but it's odd they were
able to pull it off that quickly so
they're knocking on there they've got
into the building somehow and they're
knocking on your apartment door or loft
door and do they just knock I mean what
are you like what do people knock on
your door 9:00 a.m. often is that the
first time that's ever happened
people don't knock on my door is the
thing like this is not an apartment
where people are Walker and you know ask
each other for cost of sugar and stuff
like that I I woke up and so you know
there's loud banging on the door and so
I would not have answered it honestly if
I didn't think it was a repair guy I
just waiting for this guy to show up and
fix this week I had in my ceiling I mean
there's pipes leaking all the place rats
everywhere there's a window fell out of
the week before this so I kind of just
assumed in my groggy hungover state that
uh repair guy you know and I open the
door
lo and behold for DHS agents they say
Department of Homeland Security I think
when I moved up a badge and from there a
little groggy I'm like what happened
because like what are they wearing
don't tell me what they're wearing I'm
curious with it were they wearing those
like Parker's that have like DHS on the
back
or what did they have any all right
they're just wearing suits um not suits
just like kind of quirky button-downs
and stuff like that Carrie Mathison
Mandy Patinkin on Homeland casual Friday
stuff yeah of course was it a Sunday it
was yeah Sunday morning from Iowa
Saturday Sunday morning was the next day
well Gary ice agents had the weekend off
that's right yeah tax dollars at least
you should have known it's not the
repair guy because he never comes on
time I was weekend that's how they break
it that's how they break out the
assignment like like all right the
actual guys you've got some families to
destroy upstate right the ones you you
don't look intimidating at all you
should go terrorize this comedian get
off a Twitter so okay so the four guys
come in and they just look dorky they're
dressed like the dad on some type of
sitcom or like you know right as I said
Carrie and Manny well so so what happens
they come do you invite them in yeah
what what do you sit down at your table
you have a table in your apartment yeah
okay so here's how this goes down right
they they sort of you know they throw me
off but I open the door
is in their homeland security and I
can't remember whether if they just came
in or I went like all right whatever
just let's just do this and a lot of
people will coming at you at these sort
of libertarian like you know you should
have said am I being detained
[Laughter]
they don't all that stuff in the moment
like you kind of just have to do what
they're gonna do and I hear that stuff
out in court later you know did you well
why they were there I'm sorry did you
know why they were there like they did
you go like oh it's that tweet that I
had about about ice
I figured it out pretty quick because
they mentioned something about ice they
like asked me about ice and then also
another part of this that kind of I
think well I think they kind of maybe
were trying to intimidate me on some
level I wake you up right the thing is I
was out till 6:00 in the morning was
still drunk like I was to a pal of mine
like years ago Nick fallin got the F I
called on him and Nick Bolen you don't
know is your and your friend Mike Serna
fidgeting McMorris ahead of DSA I do
like like guys who are like who have
never dealt with anything in their lives
and they would say like what do with
federal agents show up at your place at
nine o'clock the wording as you say
corey you are too confusing
quartering soldiers I don't recognize
the federal government I am a citizen of
the state of New York so they start
talking about ice but it's not until
they mention ice that you think this is
about the tweet so you don't know
immediately you're just like must have
been something I did what like with are
there other things that you felt like
you did that might have like had DHS at
your door um honestly I figured out
pretty quick I mean I don't really know
else I could have done I'm kind of a
scumbag but I'm not really like up to
anything this is anything else that was
crossed my mind like oh my god what did
I you know did I get away with this
thing in my past I mean on some level I
think their you know their job is to
intimidate you a little bit there and
there's an arm of the authoritarian
apparatus you know but I found myself in
the unique
situation because the government comes
to knock your door you know if you have
kids or something it's terrifying
because you don't know what's gonna
happen right they tear you away from
your kids right but I'm a shitty
comedian like I don't have anything so
I'm just I was like oh I got nothing to
lose so hung over I don't care if I die
right now you know me I've been actively
trying to get famous for 10 years not
quite yet for 12 jokes or you just do
them a favor guys so alright so they
start talking to him what out what do
they say oh you know they start talking
about I sing and they I do is we
standing around and I go one of them's
like sit down and I go yeah sure we'll
sit down at my table I have this table
in my like loft space living room where
I record my podcast right and tables got
all these mic he looks the main guy
looks at the microphones because are
these things recordings no well first of
all I think we've all learned a great
lesson today if you have a table full of
microphones and there's a knock at your
door
turn on the recording device those old
infomercials with the clap you just like
one second okay they sit down at that
point
okay do they sit down after you've
assured them that the microphones are
off yeah so we sit down me and the main
guy right so there's this man guy and
then there's three other guys and the
three other guys have cameras and what
they're doing
is there going around the apartment
taking photos and I guess building a
case file on me which is that's kind of
interesting there's just a fire no
kidding for file lots of people it's
interesting to know you know I know
people who are in like j-20 of stuff
that know they have a file and etc but
like what is going on this file with me
because you know for one thing they're
taking pictures of all the art on the
walls and it's not my stuff I have this
roommate was like gothic and just like
you know made the place look like a core
video and then she's out all that stuff
is still there I'm talking don't read
into the wall part of my whole you know
I'm not like weird The Crow terrorists
[Laughter]
he asks me eventually about you know
about about ice and about the tweet or
whatever and I tell them like I know you
know em you looked me up clearly you
know I'm a comedian
you know I'm joking so what we're we're
talking about here is you know what how
do we how do we deal with jokes because
if I had written a novel you know some
sort of dystopian future saying it could
be a question and if I had written a TV
show about this it might have been
successful this sort of us is popular
right now you know because it's a joke
we have this whole thing where we take
them literally and we don't deal with
the subtext context that everyone now
everyone who's gonna actually understand
when you're clearly joking about
something you know not to mention the
fact that you don't have really the
official capacity to allow for the
cultural appropriation nor the mechanism
to measure it right like you haven't you
haven't to you you're not know he was he
was actually la raza cosign yeah do I
have on the roster now where are the
spreadsheets where you're keeping track
of where
of who's been shot and who gets the
culturally appropriate be ponch yeah
that's what they're taking the pictures
looking they're looking for the abacus
where you do all the numbers on it yeah
yeah the algorithm so I start talking
about that and he goes look yeah you
know it's good Tony I'm like that's a
good point are you doing my partner
email to go on the concept it was
insightful this no no well you know we
know you're joking but what's the wrong
person heard this and took seriously
which by the way hilarious like I know
it's an idea but if someone we're time
to wear a poncho then actually right
this guy on Twitter said I can wear a
poncho if I mean it seems like a high
price to pay but I'm willing to do it if
that's the standard when you you know
ben shapiro right now would be in some
serious hot water because he apparently
you know was the number one twitter read
by the guy who killed folks up in up in
canada at the mosque right and you know
ben shapiro is not funny he's not even
trying to make jokes when he said when
he's done all his video saying like this
is just a matter of time a half of all
muslims and radicalize are gonna kill
your family and this guy nor the corn
work he didn't warn are that tire tire
crawl he doesn't have any of that
ignore the gothic art on the wall guys
so I am well we'll get to how much these
free speech guys came to your rescue in
a minute but so ok so you're saying this
with the guy any guy says yeah I mean
it's good point but it's it's possibly
insightful you may convince somebody out
there who is humor challenged to
actually do this because they think that
they're gonna get to wear a sombrero on
Cinco de Mayo and and then what so when
he brings insightful this thing I asked
like Alden why aren't you kicking in
Alex Jones
like Roseanne Barr because I work at a
pizza restaurant in in New York and get
daily pizza gave death threats like a
daily do you understand it that's how
much power she actually has she's not
choking like people actually take that
seriously you know and so like they kind
of just buck after a while and I like a
fair point and I'm like you know well
then why are we having this whole
conversation but it does you know bag a
lot of questions about free speech how
it's like is it really free if it's only
selectively enforced you know and I
think I'm being visited by these people
because I you know I made fun of the
government and these free speech guys
that imagine that they're all going to
get visited by the government never will
because they believe all the same stuff
as the government you know it's really
funny how jealous allows free speech
door comedians probably are over their
fantasy you know you won't be Lenny
Bruce or ever but anyway we move on and
we start talking about ice and ice you
know I I it's um a question after a
while because at the end of this but as
we start digging near the end of this
whole conversation he asks me if I have
any questions for him like we're in a
job interview thing you know okay well
in closing um you know like what how do
you what are you here to defend like
what is the thing that ice does that you
sort of believe in because kids start to
go into this logic after a while this
argument like well you know how many
interactions do you think ice has our
daily basis but don't get to put on the
Internet
yeah yeah yeah and I've talked to a
million talks about this it's the same
argument they all use right which is
that there's some sort of inherent job
that the police are doing that is good
and for the community and everything and
to these videos that we see or design
make you outraged and they're you know
they're only what happens 1% of the time
and I don't believe that argument when
it comes to cops but that's at least a
valid argument because at some level the
police you know it says to protect and
service out of their cars you know but
with ice I think their stated mission is
what people are against Oh
shouldn't exist going ten years old like
this is an age-old institution or eight
so ask him that and he goes oh I saw
