to the program professor of government
at Cornell University author of the
government citizen disconnect Susanne
Mettler welcome to the program great
thank you I'm delighted to be here okay
let's um now last time we spoke I think
was for at least on this program was for
your book entitled the submerged state
which similarly themed in terms of
people's relationship to government both
in terms of like their their perspective
of government and their sort of material
a relationship with government let just
tell us first what the this study that
the government citizen disconnect is
based upon right well when I wrote the
book the submerged state
I was looking particularly at public
policies that people use that are in the
tax code so for example the home
mortgage interest deduction and various
social benefits through the tax code and
finding that people were just very
unaware of those being social policies
but in this book the government citizen
disconnect
I took a broader look at the American
welfare state generally looked I looked
at some you know over 20 public policies
that people use some of them they're in
a tax code but most of them are not
though student are things that we think
of from Social Security unemployment
insurance to medicate to its chance etc
and I wanted to get a bird's-eye view of
who uses these policies and how many
policies people are using and then how
that relates to people's attitudes about
government broadly understood so that's
what I was out you would just I mean you
don't have to list all 21 but but what
how obscure do are some of these
programs that that impact people you
know the twenty one policies are not
obscure there are you
longer list of policies that you know
various datasets look at that are pretty
obscure but I think that most Americans
would recognize a lot of these policies
as ones that either they themselves have
used or they know someone who has used
these policies so you know we're
thinking of things that range from
student loans to tell grants to the
policies in the tax code that help
people to afford going to college for
health care it's Medicare and Medicaid
and employer-provided tax exempt
benefits that you know we those are a
public policy because people don't have
to pay taxes on them government
subsidizes them and retirement benefits
such as Social Security food aid in
terms of the SNAP program what we used
to call food stamps unemployment
insurance and so on okay and so the and
then once you alright well tell us about
how you you know you've been tracking
those for a long time and you there was
I guess an element about the size of
these that surprised you when you when
you returned to them and of course that
sort of lays the first foundation or
building block of this sort of large
paradox that really is at the heart of
what you call the government's that is
in disconnect that's right yeah so yeah
I've been tracking at the use of these
policies historically and I came across
an interesting data set from the federal
government Bureau of Economic Analysis
that looks at really just the more
visible policies it doesn't even include
the ones that I call the submerged state
and if you look at Americans the
percentage of the average person's
income that comes from these federal
social benefits over time it's grown
dramatically so if you go back to 1969
7%
of the average Americans income came
from federal social transfers or
benefits now most recently in 2014 it's
up to 17% and it's been a gradual
increase over time and of course what
that percentage is varies from place to
place from state to state from County to
County but it's grown everywhere and I
was really fascinated to see this I mean
if you delve in at the county level
you'll find that of course its highest
at some places like Appalachia can
counties in Kentucky for example that
we're using it at higher rates way back
when but they're using a lot more out
but it's also increased in the
wealthiest counties in the country and
so however you look at federal social
benefits the extent to which Americans
rely upon them as you the extent to
which Americans rely upon them has
increased dramatically all over the
country and in individuals lives and I
found this to be true when you look at
Americans in all sorts of different ways
by what party affiliation they have by
what income group they're part of and so
on but the paradox is that at the same
time people attitudes about government
have become much worse on most Americans
back in the middle of our 20th century
had pre favorable views about government
in terms of they trusted in government
they felt government was responsive to
people like them and those attitudes
have deteriorated over the past several
decades so the puzzle to me is how can
these two things go together that people
are both distrusting government they're
not confident in it and yet they rely
upon it more than ever for their
everyday lives and for health and
education retirement cetera now is there
I is it basically these changes that
have occurred in terms of both the
increased reliance on on government
support and the the the growing I guess
distrust of government
I mean and we haven't quite established
necessarily that they're the they're
they're related I mean they could be but
one would I guess it's counterintuitive
one would one would assume that your
perspective of government the the more
you rely on it would go up there's no
across all different cohorts is it more
or less the same the the trajectory of
both those phenomena um across different
cohorts 14 well in other words like for
the there's no difference in terms of
class there's no difference in terms
alright in terms of yeah well no I did
all sorts of analysis to to look at this
and yeah it is the case that Americans
generally have how much worse attitudes
about government than they used to I
mean now it's only about one in five
Americans who will say that they trust
the government to do for the trust
federal government in Washington to do
to do what is right most of the time and
that they feel government is responsive
to people like them and so on it used to
be well over 60% or 70% on these
different indicators and so that's
really widespread but when I look at
what causes these these low levels of
confidence in government what I found is
that people covered policy usage does
not have much to do with it so you know
I would have thought going in that it
would that if people were relying more
in government that it would give them
more positive views about it and it
really doesn't make much difference if
people are using policies in the tax
code it does not even make a dent on
their views about government if they're
using policies where government's role
is more apparent for those who use means
tested policies they are appreciative of
government's role and on some indicators
such as government has helped me in
times of need or government has provided
opportunities for me to improve my
standard of living those
whom used more of those types of policy
do you have more favorable views of
government but aside from that use of
these policies makes very little
difference so then the question is what
does affect people's attitudes about
government and what I found I looked at
this in all sorts of different ways and
I controlled for all kinds of different
factors there was one thing that was
highly significant again and again and
what that was was people's attitudes
about welfare so people who have very
unfavorable views of welfare whatever
that means to them have in turn very
negative attitudes about government and
it was very clear and very consistent
and let me just say that you know this
is sort of striking to me as a scholar
of social policy to start what you begin
with because what we used to call
welfare was one program and that was aid
to families with dependent children
right on and there was a big war against
AFDC for decades really in the latter
20th century and it was finally
terminated in 1996 and it was replaced
by a more restrictive program temporary
assistance to needy families today less
than 1% of the American public is using
that program at any point in time so
it's a tiny number of people I mean the
program was welfare as we knew it to use
it for as Bill Clinton had used it is
nearly gone and yet the American public
today is still very anti welfare and it
drives their views about government so
so you know what is that about you know
it seems that that it's you know you
could think of it as it's the boogeyman
that that people associate something
with that that's much broader and
they're attaching it to more programs
but what I found when I looked at what
are the determinants of those views who
feels that way who so anti-government
and it's about by the way about 44% of
American public has Nate has unfavorable
views of welfare what I found was that
there were two things going on one is
that there does seem to be a racial bias
whites are much more likely than people
of color to have negative views about
welfare but in addition to that and
that's that's actually many other
scholars about writing race in the past
but what I found
in addition was that income group
mattered a lot so I divided up the
people I was studying into all of these
smaller groups I found that all of the
groups in in the middle class had much
more negative attitudes about welfare
than people who were less well off than
themselves
and people who were higher income did
not have significantly different views
than low income people on welfare either
so it was really the middle income
groups
Jewish households from 35,000 to a
hundred thousand very negative attitudes
about welfare what what do you I mean
what what what accounts for that I'm at
what's going on there well what I think
is that for middle-income people the
past several decades have been difficult
times where they have seen declining
opportunities they're working harder
than ever
we know that Americans productivity is
very high and yet there have been
stagnating wages for individuals in the
middle class throughout those decades
and they have not felt that government
is really being responsive to them and
so you know you have more and more
people getting across those decades who
were getting jobs that did not come with
benefits didn't come with health care
for example college tuition for their
kids was becoming more difficult to
afford and government was doing less to
help them afford it and so on so I think
you know it's not surprising that people
would feel more
in full and but the dynamic that's
happening there is that people are in a
sense blaming those who are worse off
than themselves thinking of them as
undeserving some people in interviews
that we did for the project told us that
they felt that when they had gotten into
a slightly higher income group then they
no longer qualified for some benefits
that they had when they were lower
income and so they were resentful about
that so you know I think you have this
combination of dynamics going on that
have to do with posting comments as well
as race and then has that been
considered striking I'm sorry is that go
ahead good
and then what's striking is that it
determines not only attitudes that
welfare but in turn that shapes
throughout our news about government
right I mean that is has that been a
consistent I mean is that level of
resentment about welfare maybe not that
it that it turns into resentment of
government but has that dynamic of
resentment about welfare is that been
fairly consistent mean there's so many
the tough part about this right is that
all of these phenomena on some way
lineup we've had 40 mm you know 40 some
odd years of 45 maybe now some odd years
of declining wages of declining unionism
of of an increase in maybe reliance in
government but also just coincidentally
forty some odd years at forty five years
ago was basically when we had the Civil
Rights Act and we had the Voting Rights
Act and there was sort of a realignment
of parties and I mean so it's hard to
disaggregate all these things isn't it
right yeah that's true and I would love
to be able to answer your question about
you know do these welfare attitudes have
they been consistent over time and I
don't know the answer to that in fact
something I'm play
- look at that I don't yet know okay
well good that will give us another
reason to talk in the future but alright
so but but but what is clear is that
these that we have seen these at the
very least fairly consistency over the
past couple of decades we've seen a sort
of a side eye at towards welfare which
really in some respects doesn't exist in
the way that people presume it does and
that is a a means or a vehicle to for a
growing mistrust of government I mean I
think like you know from my perspective
there is at least one party that has
been sort of actively drinking driving
that right I mean Ronald Reagan was
talking about the welfare queen and
right so okay so with that that being
the case the that growing what's
fascinating about your work here is that
that growing resentment comes almost in
inverse proportion in some respects to
how much these same people are probably
relying on government themselves yes
exactly
that's right all right well so tell us
about the theory of policy feedback and
and and and how that is implicated in
this yeah so policy feedback is a term
that political scientists use and what
we mean is that policies once they're
created can have effects that were never
planned or intended by policymakers that
reshape politics so for example Andrea
Campbell at MIT did a wonderful study of
Social Security and Medicare and of
course the goal of it was to provide the
goal of Social Security was to provide
for initially just for retirement of
people who were beneficiaries but she
found that it also had political
consequences that those senior citizens
in turn became more politically active
and they were becoming active in order
to protect their benefits and so that
was a policy feedback dynamic right
that's that sort of a classic example of
it so I wondered in looking in doing
this study whether policies would also
shape people's attitudes about
government more broadly and what I found
in a nutshell is not really they don't
seem to have much impact on people's
broader attitudes about government I
think that that's because people don't
necessarily connect those dots
they don't think Oh Here I am you know
with of the substantial part of my
income coming from these government
policies therefore it must be that
public officials actually are trying to
represent people like me and so on
people don't make those connections
unless someone helps them to do so some
organization that they're part of such
as the AARP or labor unions for example
and there's much less of that happening
than existed in the past so I don't
really find that kind of policy feedback
dynamic so the irony is that over these
many decades as you were saying
conservatives have been Manos a war
against the welfare state really since
the since around 1980 and they have not
succeeded this is very interesting I
mean there's only one program one major
program that was decimated and that was
at AFDC but at the same time people's
attitudes about government broadly have
been undermined over the same time
period
and I don't think that was conservatives
initial goal so you know we're now at a
point in time where people are extremely
skeptical of any kind of activity that
government engages in even though
they're still using all of these
policies of the welfare state so it's a
paradoxical outcome okay a couple of
things let me let me just start with the
the let me go backwards in terms of that
being the Conservatives goal I mean it
if it wasn't their goal
it feels like they certainly have
embraced that that perspective of just
broadly attacking the idea of government
right I mean even you know I'm just
thinking of again Reagan you know when
the you know the government is an
obstacle right I mean it's a way that
they they provide an assault on on the
regulatory state on but this you're
suggesting that this this was a twofer
for them attack welfare and also
undermine people's perspective on on
government I think that conservatives
wanted to scale back the welfare state
and I think that you know you're right
they also want to scale that regulatory
policies I don't think that they wanted
people to to move to fundamental
distrust of anything that government
does and and to move to a point where
you know they're questioning basic basic
principles of American government and
norms that have been long-standing norms
about how we help government operates in
the United States about civil liberties
and civil rights about freedom of
expression cetera no I I think it got
some wood out of hands
all right yeah I mean I would agree with
that let I mean and that I don't think
is necessarily material to what we're
talking about because I'm a little bit
more jaundiced about that but putting
that aside for a moment I'm also really
interested in this dynamic of Social
Security had elderly people more
invested in politics and in you know in
government and it activated them and and
and you suggested this was a function of
maybe like an organization like AARP
that gave them sort of an outlet to do
this and that unions serve a similar
function because it is you know well
established that folks who receive let's
say Medicaid tend not to be politically
engaged and I wonder if the explanation
of this is not
just that elderly folks are you know
retired folks had the AARP and that
unions had the you know union members
have the the Union but that also
Medicaid people who receive Medicaid by
and large are still under a tremendous
amount of financial anxiety pressure
deprivation versus someone in a union or
someone who is getting Social Security
because the Social Security actually you
know relative to what's on your plate
Social Security takes care of you you
know gives you a baseline that you can't
fall through whereas something like
Medicaid let's say or even you know the
the temporary assistance tent that we
now have is it seems to me to be a lot
less you know provide you a lot less
room to get politically active you still
have a tremendous amount to do to make
sure that your kids eat or that you have
a you know a roof to live over I mean
could it simply be not just a function
of having a mechanism to express
political you know activity but also
just like the the like it like that's a
certain not quite a laundry but it's
yeah yes no you're absolutely right so
um you know I was mentioning that people
who use many of these means tested
visible policies like Medicaid for
