so sitting down with me
is Steve babban you're with which firm
lip okay could you hold on one second
sorry say again
shaping legal group okay and Steve babby
from the babban from the shape and Libra
legal group and Steve you're working on
a an interesting case that has to do
with wage tell us what it's about yeah
it's a it's a case where we have sued
thirty strip clubs in Ohio for illegal
pay violations and civil conspiracy and
antitrust violations it's it's pretty
simple essentially what happens in a
strip club is strip clubs either treat
dancers as independent contractors or is
what they call them in Ohio tenants and
that's just a way to get away from
having to pay them any wages at all they
have to pay a number of fees that are
illegal they got to pay to come in and
dance it's called a house fear a dance
fee they got to pay a percentage of any
any individual dance that they do for a
client to the club they have to tip out
to the DJ the bartender the bouncer the
manager and by the end of the night they
end up with very little cash in hand so
they're doing I mean let's face it in
the context of a strip club they're
doing the the the work that is bringing
people into the establishment right I
mean they're there the reason why people
are there and and they're getting
screwed in terms of their payments
that's absolutely right there they're
bringing in the business there's no
doubt about that that's why that's why
people go to strip clubs is to see the
dancers and you know in Ohio it's an
antitrust claim so the antitrust laws
basically say you can't unfairly
restrict the free market and with with
the strip club organization what you
have is you have a club a that says look
we're gonna pay everyone zero ages and
that doesn't make sense unless all the
clubs join together and agree to do it
if you have Club B that's paying wages
and giving them extra money well then
all the girls are going to go dance that
club being club B's going
make all the money so these guys have
agreed to fix the wages and they do it
through a what we think is through a
stripclub
trade organization in Ohio there's one
main organization it's their trade
organization and they audit the clubs to
make sure that they're in compliance
with not paying the girls any wages at
all so wait a second so how does that
work I mean they're you they all they
all agree to be members of this
consortium and then the consortium goes
around and just make sure that like
nobody is paying a fair wage to their
workers that's essentially it yet they
audit other things and they also
maintain a blacklist for any of the
young women that want to stand up and
maybe ask to you know get the same
rights that you and I would get under
the law has there been any attempt to
unionize on behalf of these dancers
that's interesting I have a client we
have so are our cases Ohio based one of
our clients is in Chicago and she's
working in Chicago now and she has a
website I think it's a stripper labor
union rights and she has tried so
there's been some attempt the reality of
the situation is this is a this is a
group of individuals that have very
little bargaining power whatsoever right
and and the strip club page scheme
itself and in the culture in which it
creates is is it's a system in which the
dancers were told they're worth less
than the other people's lives right
their lives are worth less than other
lives if they were to ask to get
protections under the law that you and I
would ask for well that's probably not
going to happen for them so I think that
the culture just within the strip club
industry itself is such that the dancers
are afraid well so how did this how did
this case come about how did you get
this case so there have been a lot of
individual what we call wage in our
cases across the country against one
strip club in California and New York
and Florida and some of the bigger
states and in an Ohio I had brought a
couple and
in investigating those cases and after
filing them found that we had a specific
trade organization that that everybody
joined up and said let's make sure we do
this together and implement this policy
together so that we can take advantage
of keeping the money in our pocket and
not in their pocket do you need in the
context of I mean so there's a couple of
different actions here if I understand
it there's an antitrust violation that
you're contending is a state state law
or is that federal federal laws no
Sherman Antitrust Act okay and and there
are there are state versions of
antitrust in some states I don't know
what it is okay
so you could theoretically bring it
under both those laws and then
secondarily you're also charging that
they are misclassified as contractors
and are not getting Social Security
wages or they're not getting any wages
at all so it's a claim under the Fair
Labor Standards Act and it's it's it's
essentially a minimum wage claim what
we're claiming is that in a in a free
market these dancers would be paid at
least minimum wage and that's what the
individual Fair Labor Standards Act
cases argue that you can't classify
these young women as independent
contractors their employees there's no
doubt about it they're employees you
determine when they come into work you
determine what what their schedule is as
far as the times they come into work the
days they come into work the amount they
can charge for tips the amount or for
dances the amount they can charge for
drinks and that makes them own employees
they're not an independent contractor
and if you have an employee you've got
to pay a minimum wage at least and I am
zero are there any other I guess laws or
statutes or principles the theories that
you're suing on so we have Fair Labor
Standards Act the Ohio state equivalent
antitrust the Ohio state equivalent and
then civil conspiracy and what is the
civil conspiracy is that a sort of an
extension of the antitrust issue it's
it's essentially an extension of the
antitrust issue it also I guess the
antitrust issue also in
this is the blacklisting of dancers so
they maintained a blacklist during these
audits if a club had hired a dance with
it was on the blacklist they basically
would get a demerit is my understanding
no isn't that a wouldn't that be a
violation National Labor Relations Act -
or is it because they're not unionized
there's no that's a great question I
think it would be because they're not
unionized is probably not a violation of
the National it's worth looking into but
alright let me ask you this in terms of
antitrust do you need to prove that
there's a and it appears that there is a
vehicle but do you need to prove that
there is a vehicle and that there is
been a mutual expressed understanding
that we're gonna all treat our dancers
in this way or do you just need to show
that there's a de facto sort of a
situation where all the tree the the
dancer being trapped treated them I can
prove either but in our case we have you
know the first which is a per se
violation but but you can prove either
but but which one do you need or are
both sufficient I think both are
sufficient but here we have a per se
violation because there are essential
elements of the conspiracy that those
clubs have agreed to and those elements
are reflected in the contracts prosign
when they come in and dance they zero
wages you're a tenant or an independent
contractor you have to pay a house B
there are certain penalty fees if you
come in late if you don't wear the right
clothes things things of that nature
and because all the contracts are the
same and they all discussed it in the
Trade Organization it's a it's a per se
contracted violation of antitrust
how much when you look at this is like
how much is the cases you've seen like
uber implicates something like this in
terms of like Mis classification or Duke
does it not ask me again
uber and those type of like car driving
services how much are they how much of
what has been established in the context
of those cases pertain to what you're
doing at least on the on the wage side
sure I mean the uber case is helpful you
know the uber case is it says same it's
the same type of case it's an
independent contractor case under the
Fair Labor Standards Act I think uber is
a bit more complicated because so the
uber argument is that the the uber
drivers have they can make their own
schedule right they can work whenever
they won that's the strong argument in
the Ober case and an argument against
that as well you know the nature of your
business is uber drivers that's it
that's the only business you have so
they're they're your employees right in
the dancer context well we have both
right that is what your business is
about it's about people coming to see
your dancers and you dictate their
schedule right so so what ends up being
the remedy here I mean do you break up
their cartel is there would the
government step in and say like we're
gonna monitor for the next ten years
that there's some type of disparity in
the way that you pay or that you all pay
in a proper way or what so I think the
remedy well the first remedy is that
you're going to get the dancers paid
back minimum wage for every hour they
worked three years back times two for
liquidated damages the injunctive relief
or the remedy moving forward
we don't know yet we don't know what the
the proper page game is that the the
strip club industry wants to implement
that won't violate the law I think that
they're going to have to get together
and figure that out moving forward
who's your plaintiff I mean are and are
they are they identifiable enough that
they're there they're suffering I mean I
imagine if there's a blacklist this is
the tight whatever your plaintiff is
you'd be exactly the type of persons on
that backlight so we have we have a
plaintiff that was blacklisted and then
we have plaintiffs that have danced it
at clubs and been paid no money and and
the reality too is you know we're not in
Las Vegas we're in Ohio and in our strip
clubs I'm sure we have some nice ones
but we have some not so nice ones - and
these dancers will leave with less than
$100 in their pocket a lot of a lot of
the time so it's not even a livable wage
at the end of the day so that's that's
really the the other violations they're
not making enough money to even live and
we're so where is the case now and do
you see this is a case that may be I
mean is this is this a problem unique to
Ohio the case right now is in the
Southern District of Ohio in front of
Judge Marley it is the pace system I
don't think is unique to Ohio the
conspiracy component and the trade
organization may be unique to Ohio we
know that our our conspiracy claims
consist of members of the Ohio strip
club trade organization I don't know
what other states do they may have
similar trade organizations with similar
policies as well
so it's possible if you guys get a
favorable outcome here we're gonna hear
about this case taking place in Arkansas
in Tennessee in Illinois I think it's
possible interest possible and when will
we have a notion of where this case is
going to end up landing it's a it's a
it's a fairly new case right now I think
it's going to take some time it's going
to take some time at probably a year
before we really know what this case
looks like what the real facts are going
to be as far as is it a model that we
can take state to state are you looking
for more plaintiffs at this point or do
you not need more plaintiffs just
everybody in that class you're gonna
you're able now to go forward with the
case you have enough plaintiffs and in
the event you win presumably the list of
all the people that these strip clubs
has that they've employed as dancers
they'll all get some type of notice
saying in the event that you win you are
due a settlement of X number dollars
that's right so we don't we don't need
more plaintiffs I think we have a good
number of you know what we call
representative or named plaintiffs and
those are young women that are going to
participate actively in the lawsuit and
then when we get a list we'll send them
out notice and tell them your rights
have been violated you're entitled to
hopefully a settlement figure of X
amount of dollars well good for you guys
there's certainly people who work in any
type of sex industry related jobs have
very little leverage it feels like and
are easily taken advantage of the teams
all right what firm you from again I'm
sorry shape and group Chapin Legal Group
that's right Steve babban thank you so
much for your time today I really
appreciate it thank you good luck guys
thank you serve a fascinating case and
particularly in the context of how much
how much we hear there's been like a
okay I guess a renewed push to
marginalize sex workers after the in the
stormy Daniels era it seems to me I feel
like after that I should say hell yeah
in the absence of Jamie I was gonna say
I am so bummed she's not there uh well
and also the activism against and I'm
forgetting the names right now that was
it the the anti sista process the FASTA
well we're gonna be talking in fact I
think our next guest they're doing some
stuff on human trafficking here and I'm
not sure exactly what what the take is
and I our next guest so she's not going
to be here for another ten minutes or so
and so we'll do a little bit of sound
and I mean it appears I'm still trying
to get my my arms around like where we
are in the context of the the Cavanaugh
my situation but it appears I mean this
is what I understand is that the
senators are looking at a report at a
secure location today because god forbid
this information gets out
