[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome to the post game of the Michael
Brooks show welcome patrons welcome new
patrons with me as always is super
elusive man luck had theoretician did
Frisco super producer David Slovak
intern James grunting grunting and Bosca
Sin Cara from the Jacobin thanks so much
yeah I love being here most games always
always even better to post games a lot
of folks like those memberships Rubio
shows back in the 90s where people were
like touching each other in cabs that's
right exactly that's no that's like what
we do after the booster yeah why are you
letting our secret out like that man
yeah we have a lot of stuff to get to we
will get of course to all calls all
patron questions but let's start you
know this is just I do think that this
this clip is a Ramat remember that a
chilla bimbe line that I quoted in the
opening commentary and after by the way
I would say his indictment of a global
system a global posthuman assistant from
first of all was written before Trump
was president okay and so obviously it
implicated everybody in the modern
political oral era order rather excuse
me that last line though where he talked
about like the sort of attack just even
culturally on just even concepts like
compassion this is another area and
maybe this is where people like need to
read their grump sheet to where there is
a big difference like it's one thing to
watch an Obama speech and note the
hypocrisy 'he's late in his high-minded
calls in his policies but if you can't
recognize the cultural reality that
having that figurehead advocate being a
decent human being has a cultural
ramification then you're not being real
and this type of callousness and
disgusting this and I guess I mean if
we're also being real will probably
laugh at it of this clip really says
everything this is earlier today Andrew
Cuomo is well thank you Cynthia Nixon
for this that's probably the first thing
we should say he's announced the lawsuit
against the Trump administration over
the child separation policy and on Fox
News Corey Lewandowski who really like
you know a character like this only
emerges in a time of great decline he
was like a cartoon fascist during the
campaign I mean literally a cartoon
fascist a blockhead a scumbag of
the first order a overtly stupid and
immoral person this is his response to
children being separated from their
parents on Fox News we look I read today
about a ten-year-old girl with Down
syndrome who was taken from her mother
and put in a cage I read about a a did
you say won't want to a ten-year-old
with Down syndrome anything you dared
them but the bottom line is very you
when you absolutely dare you certainly
you are daring you know and you know
that guy is right like that that's not
an act he's not doing that for camera
that's disgusting
yeah that's that's gonna be the boat
that would be the new right wing thing
oh that womp-womp
yep yeah oh god yeah you're right this
is an awkward transition but you had
something you wanted to mention that
you're doing well it's especially bad
transition we'll do that later no III
spaced it yeah that's not the right I
apologize all right let's take let's
take a call you're calling from a seven
600 area code who are you where are you
calling from welcome to the postgame
that would be if we did that transition
I would have had to go whomp whomp
hey Michael it's a hey Michael with
Kentucky Fried comrade here
how are you Kenny thanks for calling
brother was doing good how about you
buddy doing pretty well always happy to
you know be with good people yeah so um
I wanted to touch on two things one I'm
just gonna tap on just a enrage ass
white section of your audience and that
is splitting up California is stupid it
actually has no relation to the politics
of the ground in California and we
shouldn't just mindlessly support any
initiative to do it and I only say it
because I just see a bunch of people
online talking about it both both in the
discord and and outside of it as well so
this is really the primary subject I
want to talk about okay I bet this is
just to be clear there's a new book out
by a political scientist I forget his
name
David hurt David Ferriss Dave heiresses
and his broad concept what he's this new
like basically Democrats need to
win guy book and most of his ideas I
completely I mean national Voting Rights
of course statehood for DC and Puerto
Rico definitely and I don't know
I believe in court packing as well so
I'm with all of that and then he also
has suggested that Californian be split
up into seven different states I'm not
even gonna pretend to you that I have
any but I don't have enough I don't even
the beginnings of a foundation to have
an opinion on this well think about it
said that the Democratic case would be
that California is so large that it it
deserves more sentence seats but at that
point you're making California more have
more representation than New York
Florida or Texas and maybe Illinois so
I'm not sure how the math breaks down
for that one
but which was all it don't they already
know California is already bigger than
all yeah they're ready they're ready
yeah California is already bigger but if
you break it up into seven then at that
point
New York Florida and Texas are are more
underrepresented right so I mean I think
it takes why doesn't he just say abolish
the Senate and I think that's a correct
I just have one big lower house or maybe
a two lower
know that the Senate is a vestige of I
mean that man that's a quartic and or
expand the number of congressional
representatives well it's a ceremonial
thing what make it ceremonial or abolish
it and you need to expand the amount of
congressional seats we have anyways I
don't think we've done that since like I
think you pre-world War one it was
around that time I mean uh yeah that's
nuts
so yeah I mean I think that that to me
is like the clap I mean I'm actually
overall really sympathetic to project
but like it's almost analogous it's
different but it's almost analogous to
the the Federal Reserve conversation
earlier it's like get to the root of it
get rid of the Senate it's a vestige
just your aristocracy I mean and also
there's a weirdness about California
politics to which it gets very
California centric and we don't want
that we want Californians to be part of
this left-wing or progressive right you
know national politics right right I
agree with that well I like it but also
patrons who want to break California up
have a great point as well you know one
thing about the whole like splitting up
California thing that I like I guess
like the one thing I wanted to drill
into people's heads about it is you have
to think about it the same way that
people talk about gerrymandering where
it's like you can draw all kinds of maps
that do all kinds of different things
politically for you they might be
Republican leaning they might be
Democratic leaning you can do the exact
same thing with California and so we're
like right now there's a ballot
initiative it's not going to win it's
kind of a joke to talk about but people
talk about it because every election
cycle they talked about it there's a
movement to split California into three
states it's a Republican slightly
libertarian gerrymandered map for
California proper and so you have to
think about it in those terms like in an
ideal sense in a very abstract sense
yeah it's probably a good idea to split
up California but not only are there a
lot of local politics you need to work
out first which is a really complicated
thing I don't want to go into the whole
school yeah about it yeah but also like
mathematically like how are you
splitting these lines in such a way that
it actually
Democrats right let's yeah Boas work so
let's oh no no I mean I can believe you
what was the other point you wanted to
hit Kenny yeah it's a really quick point
it's a little bit of a cold tag but I
haven't seen anybody else make it like
we're seeing this is on the issue of
white B what we can essentially call
children concentration camps right now I
think that's a very accurate term for it
like we hear so much politically we saw
it in 2016 we see it every year we hear
it constantly in our media oh we can't
pay for this we can't do that because
it's too politically complicated we
can't fund universal education for
people we can't fund universal health
care but somehow magically we can
organize the resources to create
children concentration camps and to me
that's like that should be a layup
argument for the left to be like this is
why all these arguments are
 yeah like it's completely
ridiculous we just created out of whole
cloth I guess buying like to
empty Walmart the infrastructure to
create child concentration I'm gonna
tell you I'm we're arguing or I mean I'm
totally sure your disgust I'm just I
don't I I well everything's subject to
change in something but like as far as I
can tell you will never hear from me a
financial mechanism based argument for
anything ever like the reason we oppose
this is because it's immoral it's
disgusting it's wrong I just think like
affording to me like of course we can of
I mean we know that we can afford
universal programs with all of the
resources that are not reclaimed in this
country every single day I mean I hear
what you're saying I just that's just
not my preferred method of argue well I
think since the 80s it has been a very
good case to make because Republican
administrations have been you know
increasing government spending but just
in the most course of you know terrible
you know parts of it so I think it is
useful to say you know the old argument
at least and all simplicity
what they have money for for bombers for
war they don't have money for schools
you know I think I think that argument
you know does residence it is being yeah
absolutely
it's not necessarily about life what you
were what you were Sam or anybody else
on the left is saying it's like how you
outwardly present yourself it's like
this is what's actually going on in our
country right now and we're constantly
told no you can't have that because I
guess I understand I hear you like all
right whatever I anticipate maybe this
is just more narrow concern SEP just
it's like yeah so then Democrats or even
I mean thank God I think the sort of
progressives have broken out of this but
like I mean that was Obama right like
Bush blows everything up giving rich
people money innovate you know
practicing a new aggressive form of
imperialism and then Obama gets an
office and all oh we really need and
then of course melting down the world
economy and then you know I mean the
only reason that Obama did not cut
Medicare and Social Security was because
there was a tea party caucus that was so
insane that they wouldn't take like
seventy percent of what they wanted it's
true he offered it today so you know I
just I'm not I just don't want to feed
those arguments but I mean of course
you're right so I mean I I'm open I'm
open to persuasion I do think we're at a
moment think something has happened the
last week or so that is you know paved
the way for if the left was strong and
organized enough to actually do a
campaign a mass civil disobedience I
think it would have vast popular support
I think the the moral conscience of the
United States is definitely on the side
on the right side of this this issue
yeah and even that Republican number I
was saying before fifty five percent
supporting the policy is actually a huge
departure from the normal level of
strength it just shows the fact even in
his own you know coalition on the elmo
and I think I think it's really and I
think actually there's a wedge there
because you know yeah you okay you have
like fifty five percent of just you know
zombies they're absolutely the enemy and
then you have a political more
importantly a leadership class that
backs it and they should not be able to
pretend they have any daylight on it but
yeah you're right
40-something percent of Republicans and
that's the same group that's been you
know agreed overwhelmingly with almost
every other just atrocious subhuman
policy they've put forward and I guess
they found their moral boundary and yeah
I mean you're right thank God it didn't
push the sixty percent I agree with you
you're calling room a six five one area
a six five one area code who are you
where you calling from hello my name is
Dee Chris la Paco I'm calling from God's
country Minneapolis Minnesota the Rizla
Paco this is a important call Chris well
you went to a Jordan Pederson
show and you were I believe is this
eight MBS exclusive or a TM BS first get
on how this went down
oh absolutely exclusive I won't discuss
this with anyone else unless they pay me
hell yeah
so uh yeah I Jordan Peterson came to the
State Theater I called Mr on Friday and
you know I was like what kind of pranks
do you guys like I was thinking about
maybe doing a prank there or something
and because Jordan Peterson likes to
throw snowballs you know all the
immature stuff is just healthy displays
of masculinity so I'm like could I throw
a snowball at them or should I like you
don't do spit balls or something but you
mentioned I would actually do that was a
lot of yeah that was like I'll get a
battery charge or something like that it
ain't worth it so what you mentioned
though that you mentioned that a lot of
his stuff about cultural Marxism and
post-modernism was just some warmed-over
stuff from the John Birch Society so I
went and I looked it up and yeah it was
like word-for-word the exact same
argument that the John Birch Society is
making then you know that argument goes
back even to like really to Nazi Germany
if you want to go there right you know
if you just want to look at look at
English and you don't want to Google
something too much you know there it is
right there John Birch Society and so
yeah it's like wow this is I knew this
was in the old played out argument but I
didn't know it was like that so what I
decided to do was go to the event but I
wouldn't shower okay and it's been
hot up here and so I wouldn't have to
throw a snowball at anybody right but
I'd be nice and stinky for the people
around me and I figured like you know if
I could be any cute girl there anything
right oh that's that would be a funny
sketch I'm gonna go to Jordan Peterson
control for babe's yeah grab the
Petersons pH looking for checks well I
got some funny stories about that in a
second about showing us why whoa I need
my board man for a date so anyway I I
didn't shower though and that went on
like a big long run before and I got all
stinky and you know dried myself off and
but didn't take a shower and I got in
there and I was really so nice so on sad
this is where my liberal kicks in that's
disgusting but I love it all right keep
going I know not here anyway I got in
there and I sat down next to like the
one woman in there and she was kind of
cute but yeah she was obviously offended
by my scent and she was like ah
presumably so right so she had the
appropriate revision okay yeah
there was a guy sitting next to me to my
left who was like elbowing me while I
was hitting there I don't know if he
knew I was up to no good or something
but anyway I wasn't sure if they were
going to have Q&A I was trying to play
it cool until Q&A and get up there and
say something but then he started
talking that the same John Birch Society
 and he's like you know and it
was bad because nobody spoke up against
the people back in you know whenever
installing this and found Stalinist
Russia and blah blah blah and I'm like
he's like so it's bad when people are
silent they need to stand up and speak
out and I go okay well I'm not going to
be silent anymore
when you're saying right now is
warmed-over from the John Birch
Society and you're a neo-nazi everybody
and then you know the whole
place shows nothing
they said they called you a commie Oh
like like everybody everyone that was
the number one thing I heard on my way
out like one second Boris Hank I thought
some guy said hang the commie and then
like people were leaving comments on my
youtube channel
you didn't say hang the commies I'd suck
my dick commie or he said you crowd
say hey he said joke about these knots
commie you know what I like though I
just have to say I just want to know for
a second like I think that almost all of
us hopefully who have any type of media
work anytime we make a historical
comparison or try to sort of slot
ourselves in a historical moment of one
that required either either that was
horrific oppression as in Stalin's
Russia or one or say personal you know
or a physical courage like going into
the hills with Castro or che it's really
good to exercise a lot of like yeah I
don't know how I would respond like I'd
like to think I would have done X but
who knows until you're in those
conditions and just the idea of this
histrionic sullen conspiracy
addled temperament of a stereotypical
nineteen fifties hysterical woman
college professor being up on stage
being like wouldn't people speak out
against Stalin well he gets like makes
stupid money off of a bunch of
resentful virgins on like a first class
North America tour is one of the most
presumptuous arrogant delusional things
I've ever heard in my life like who the
 is this to talk about
people speaking out against Stalin do
you know a solid wife that she she
killed her starters oh yeah burial was
literally a Sirica literally had
bodies buried in his garden of like I
mean the idea that you could sit here in
these types of circumstances and first
of all of course
that's what I'm worried about so I have
nothing to say about the rise of global
totalitarianism I freaked out about
college students it's even table how
 ludicrous the messages and just
an on top that like not even like a
second to say and you know I don't know
what I would have done if I was
installing Sarah just like no no of
course I would have gone out my
high-pitched nonsense voice and been
like you stop it Stalin because I read
care to get the out of here what an
 what a delusional Sanctum
sanctimonious prick ironically yes well
and then his supporters are not any
better they're probably much worse they
some of them started a subreddit or
there's the Jordan Peterson subreddit
means I don't know how read it works
anyway they started a thread about me
going and messing things up and then so
a bunch of people were posting about
like because I put a video out I'm like
I said next down the set set down next
to the one girl in there blah blah
they're like oh there were there were
