am I supposed to work eight we have no I
don't think we have to tandem okay so
you get us until Donald trumpeters
Tillerson and Anthony scaramouche how
long is Tillerson gonna last I don't
know I mean she's doing an okay job I
mean you know listen I mean I think
people last until that day where they
don't we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex the majority
report with sam cedar
[Music]
it is Tuesday January 30th 2018 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA this is a special special
type of special broadcast coverage
special coverage of the 2018
State of the Union address by yes Donald
Trump is actually the president still
the president still enjoying it too look
folks here's a spoiler alert we know we
know what the state of the union is it's
exhausted it's depressed there's a
malaise not good not good all right I
said it
ah let's go back we just said not good
and then I just saw David Brooks his
face and I was like oh that's gonna be a
long night it's gonna be a long night
first off let me first start by saying
that in honor of the evening I am
wearing a shirt that Robert Tidwell one
of our listeners has sent me it is a
original what's his name Wilhelm is that
it's young white will he'll my my it
code Wyatt shirt white Ingram coke it's
it's got a lot of money on it so that's
good and ladies and gentlemen it is our
special pleasure to welcome into the
studio the one the only Judy gold thank
you thank you so much
unlike that is that my theme music I
don't have a theme song Matt oh my god
my idiot somebody let's do it
let's do this all over again
kachou d goes in on the sorry
crew abuse so fat I know sorry hi
everybody sorry about that Matt got here
early got super high and then it was
everything was just off to the dude
setup calm cool and collected his own to
keep us all connected pocket the matter
with them steady hand to God she'll keep
us calm and carry you know too bad Jimmy
reefa didn't find a worthy / son
[Music]
and he's he's such a penis head
liar that was I'm just gonna fix the mic
you're good with the positioning it's
it's kind of hiding her a little I'm
taking notes for my response yeah that's
way better who are the Democrats like
who is there a shout-out to my sister
Julie hey Julie boy man said move the
mic out of Judy's face Thank You Julie
alright so ladies and gentlemen of
course as you know it is the State of
the Union and here comes the this dude
oh let's see let's listen to it this is
the this is
honestly anyone who is applauding for
this guy is a should be
on a list thank you very much for doing
my hair a lot of people say I'm not
historic look at her that is such a fake
class I'm the first product of incest
that's president no one gives me any
credit yeah yeah we're gonna get that
done we're gonna get that done yeah hey
good to see ya hey hey I had my scalp
shrunk because I have no hair hey what's
up majority I have an invert leaders my
prostate got in McCarthy behind Donald
Trump walking chill down there Steve
Scalise did not bring his his hood
tonight hey wait I just wanted away to
you because you're white okay a lot of
empty seats a lot of empty seats a lot
of poor attendance I mean if I was a
lesbian
I would watch Mitch McConnell poor folks
I'm gonna be turning on the im's and you
can write any Lane shower join us you
can I am us at majority app.com get the
app and then IMS and I will occasionally
read your comments there's hey I'm late
hey you're white hey good to see you
wait yeah sam says when he comes into
voice there is my gym super white here
why was she looks super in love yeah she
is
to get done the president hey let me
wave such a all right
what do we got
what's going on what happened froze
saying hi to the Supreme Court justice
who is that dude is that his personal
attorney that is uh like shadowing him
like that like don't say don't say
anything Bonanno family associate he's
coming in to see me
nice to meet you very much Michael turn
it on the dial there there we go here we
go is this Mike Pence Leah Mike Pence
with it baby they shake their hand a
conversion therapy pens what's up the
shortest that laws in the history of
nortis applause he needs to go to bed is
really what's going on here I think this
is cream cheese burger time it's gonna
be less than an hour my guess dentures
gripping very much
[Music]
and right now I didn't really hear what
the pundits were saying beforehand but I
assumed it was somebody the effect of if
he doesn't pull his dick out on stage
she will has done a great job yeah that
did more or less it yes in a practice I
think what happened you can't hear
anything
is it too low can you send more to them
is it is it coming out one of my ears is
working all right hang on there this is
the most applause anyone has ever ok
great Matt and decides they're good
they're good vicked any member who said
oh you Pete let's tone let's get
stoned every time Jeff Sessions is on
ice leeward where do we do that stream
is getting a little weak oh I just had
this moment where I thought Ryan is
gonna strike strong with the with the
hammer with the with the gavel
I can't believe it I cannot believe it
for him to say that was the most
anyone's ever taken so many drugs to be
able to water or or it really she's just
like that's her basically saying like
please help me I surrender speaker oh
here we go mr. vice president members of
Congress the First Lady of the United
States who IPO Americans and of course
Melania true is my life and chamber to
speak on behalf of the American people
and to address their concerns their
hopes and their dreams as bloated as
 tonight that night our new
administration Judy had already taken
very swift action oh yes a new tide of
optimism was already sweeping across our
land
yeah for immigrants and people of color
we piece of
yeah that sounds good very big TV Mike
Pence I know he really creepy human
beings Ronnie is very very happy about
America being great again can't help but
think she's actually plotting her escape
as she stands we could never have
imagined and I really don't want we have
shared in the heights of victory and the
pains of hardship we have endured floods
and fires and storms through it all and
we have seen the beauty of America soul
and the steel in America's spine each
day just a reminder okay 35% of Puerto
Rico still does not have power I'm
talking about
so the volunteer is no drinking water
Navy racing to the rescue with their
fishing boats to save people in the
aftermath of a totally devastating
hurricane we saw strangers shielding
strangers from a hail of gunfire on the
Las Vegas Strip yeah and our a baby
hails of Americans like Coast Guard
Petty Officer Ashley Leppard who is here
tonight he should be a big gallery so
 Milani - I just I'm just gonna
put a flag in the people remember when
the notion of the president reading from
a teleprompter was the biggest scandal
yeah that's big it's completed
Ashley was aboard one of the first
helicopters on the scene in Houston
during the hurricane Harvey through 18
hours of wind and rain
Ashley braved live power lines and deep
water and to help save more than 40
lives Ashley we all thank you thank you
very much thank you action no really
we would never ever send you to Puerto
Rico
Ashley the scab actually we'd never go
to Puerto Rico
never ever you'll never have to go there
I promise you promise you this
Americans like firefighter David
Dahlberg he's here with us all set
David facedown walls of flame learns how
to rescue almost 60 children proud of
any California summer camp threatened by
those devastating wildfires and David I
promise you everyone ever will have to
go to Puerto Rico Louisiana Puerto Rico
and the Virgin Islands we are with you
we love you and we always will pull
through together always oh god yeah
except for that one time except for the
people in Rico chef Anita speaks another
language whole countries way to me
position here pantry I did a lot of
money laundering for the g-value family
no one gives me now now incidentally
David we're gonna be cutting funding for
your forest service very sadly David
jobs lose his job with us tonight is one
of the toughest people ever to serve in
this house a guy who took a bullet
almost died and was back to work
you know honestly almost only
counts in grenades
that's great you took a bullet yeah wow
that's so great welcome back what the
hell is the bottom of why should they
what the whole is about of my supporters
they don't know to Hamlet why is that
guy still walking around thank you shoot
the kill not to disrupt baseball
practice you another scumbag is
there in the house
ladies and gentlemen tonight's
designated survivor agricultural
secretary sonny perdue he's not in the
building in the event that wait we
missed a joke Rachel's alliance with
heroic efforts of the Capitol Police
great job being in the case Alexandria
Police and the doctors nurses and
paramedics who saved his life and the
lives of many others some in this room
in the aftermath yes Deborah Tony you're
feeling Paul Ryan
Eddie Munster of every yes
yes donut God wanted to know Liza please
did my playing with his baseball bat
United staes your American the aftermath
of the terrible shooting we came
together not as Republicans or Democrats
so to go but as representatives of the
NRA and the weapons industry together
rallied around our differences why seek
out common ground and to summon the
unity we need to deliver for the people
failure look at this cuz these are the
people oh yeah man you know I will give
boy missile Paco very solid mr. kristler
Paco says had another accomplishment
enlist he picked up a glass of water
with one hand tonight he became
president
[Applause]
I'm not going to be anything but we
always know that no people on earth are
so fearless or daring or determine as
Americans as the casino industry there
is a mountain we climb it if there's a
frontier we cross it if there's a
challenge we tame it if there's an
opportunity we season we it and
exploit it so let's be totally we
granted recognizing that Hawaii is
strong because since the election point
four million new jobs yeah including
Paul Ryan that's right now my
understanding is that 500,000 jobs let's
go BA - all right the board amendment
after years and years of wage stagnation
learns we are finally seeing rising
wages that's a good place that's the
rate of live yep everything else that
has been oh oh
unemployment claims have hit a 45 year
low
Beckett they make it harder to do it
shopping yo said african-american
unemployment stance I had the lowest
rate ever recorded
[Applause]
let's get going
Wow Hispanic America document has also
reached the lowest levels in history
yeah F is they all that is your
answer
also tourism way way down 40,000 people
losing their jobs because of uh this is
birthing Torian has smashed one record
after another gaining eight trillion
dollars and more in value great news for
America's 401k retirement pension and
college savings accounts have gotten
through the roof Low Energy
Frey millennial I don't know what that
means someone's gonna need his tax cuts
in American history we have saved
billionaires that's so much money taxes
that nothing big I tell them that
they're 21 club and I did it
[Applause]
Rhys Paul Ryan wearing the same tires
[Applause]
massive tax cuts provide tremendous
relief for the middle class and small
business but that feeling can last a
couple weeks
tax rates that's mean for hardworking
and sadness we nearly doubled the
standard deduction for everyone they
also incidentally doubled what you can
reach 24 pass on to your millionaire
children yeah guys I gotta clean like
why how many how many new shirt
companies are there gonna be now because
you could pass on 11 million you look at
that people are gonna make a lot of
money because of these pay tax tax bill
in half
[Applause]
in April April this will be the last
time you will ever file under the old
and very broken system and millions of
Americans will have more take-home pay
starting next month
[Applause]
Harvey Posner we eliminated an
especially cruel tax that fell mostly on
Americans making less than $50,000 a
year forcing them to pay tremendous
penalties samanda simply because they
couldn't afford government ordered
health plans we repealed the core of the
disastrous Obamacare Obamacare dual
mandate is now gone I think that's just
what he calls it when you masturbate
I'll pop Ted Cruz you
 we have denied 13 million American
I have something healthcare so more
relevant duty yeah if you have to punch
Mike Pence or Paul Ryan you have to
protect you can punch both oh you take
enough sling on business tax rate from
35% all the way down to 21,000 so
American companies anywhere and I want
to kick them in the balls not what's a
good loophole kicking the ball well then
I just want to get a big black dildo and
chicken offensive well I Got News for
You join right now you're gonna have to
take the one that's in there out to the
memory of my girl's gonna get the pomace
bed ashtag says boy did I pick the wrong
year to stop drinking the best year you
should went to year history who are the
three people behind Jamie and Matt
that would be my husband Sean my friends
they have solution Armand st. Thomas uh
was that a Texas senator slow clapping
because of tax reform they are handing
out raises hiring an additional 14
people and expanding into the building
next door
well that's impulsive huge layoffs Wow
major buybacks
huge stock boons Corey Adams is also
with us tonight and he is black American
worker where's my black guy supported
imperious lost his job during the 2008
recession
oh we're hired by stab where he trained
to become a welder hmm like many
hardworking Americans Corey plans to
invest his tax cut raise into his new
home and his - hey curry what's your
name good to get a I have not good to
take Cory that's great your name is
Corey mf'er I want where I state he
welded Trump scalp together when he had
a scalp and he's a great welder and I
would dammit owns that company that's
doing so well so congratulations Cory
yeah he's a great welder since we can
weld your mouth Rebecca for
please have a stomach bug bonus can't
consume alcohol while watching this good
god help me Judy dollars per worker and
it's getting more every month every week
Apple has just announced it plans to
invest a total of 350 billion dollars in
America and hire another 20,000 workers
my god Tim what are you doing he's being
himself he's a lame dude he
looks like he's just had a stroke
thinking always looking to face with
yeah you did dealt with politics and I
want a nice president who looks like an
astro 50 billion dollar investment in
the United States yes they're gonna
begin a drill in the Grand Canyon
they're going to completely collapse
level the Grand Canyon telogen
 we're gonna depress what remains
of the earth no matter where you've been
or where you've come from this high
black people if you work hard if you
believe in yourself if you believe in
America sit under now and you can dream
anything you can be anything
yeah especially not dreaming of you have
a cardiac arrest
look at me I mean God that was kind of a
logic
[Music]
radiances got those knob struck I kind
of future we're going to have and what
kind of a nation we're going to be I'll
tell you I know a lot of immigrant
together as one team one people and one
American family can do anything we all
share the same home the same you have a
trust same destiny your daddy bears
every turn I might be able to say market
Jersey is the only way I could have
watched because F Trump's ratings your
boys Chris Hayes did been one thing too
about Rodney we go to freezing yesterday
thank you guys for all you do Wyatt coke
thanks for the sweet plug dude the only
shirts he can wear on the beach and the
boardroom move over khakis and polo
shirts we're going to discotheque after
us or the center of American life the
motto is In God We Trust Ryan in god you
 don't believe in God you
 in bed God hates your
guts
what is he great Hezbollah his first all
I want to see happening look at my job
she's on strike matter
there's no way the reset on our key
actually goes up is he talking about the
military because you guys want oh yeah
they deserve our support like
bone spurs in five times
thank you melodia is this is a work
stoppage she is not getting up you see
that maybe she needs in your contract
wait here we go holdin out a 12 year old
boy who from Redding California
who noticed that Veterans graves were
not marked with flags on Veterans Day
present
all by himself look at his mother's bed
and started a move Trump factor broke
40,000
[Music]
[Applause]
me leave the drug and alcohol problem
the Preston's gonna have in his early
20s when he realizes you Jesus pop for
one of the most horrific human beings on
the planet I in the talk to his mother
it's gonna be better you're gonna become
like a member of like a Nazi
organization Queen in the entire world
and I were a while ago ever and he is
something very special that I can tell
you have a great future thank you very
much for all you've done Preston thank
you very much Matt exert why we salute
our flag why we put our hands on our
hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance I
love a Brooklyn leg why we proudly stand
for the national anthem oh shut up
