here is I mean let's start with Jeff
Sessions okay let me just tell you
effing dumb and despicable both these
human beings are Laura Ingraham and Jeff
Sessions all right again when you find
yourself having to defend a policy by
saying it's not as bad as the Nazis or
then it's not consistent with what the
Nazis did at that point you should just
stop yourself and look in the mirror and
say there's something really wrong here
not playing for the right team not yeah
I mean there's just something wrong with
me as a human being here's Laura
Ingraham and Jeff Sessions having that
exact conversation and then we'll talk
about why on top of the fact that
they're despicable human beings there
are also morons Nazi Germany
concentration camps human rights
violations Laura Bush's wade in Michelle
Obama Rosalynn Carter got all the first
ladies gone back to Eleanor Roosevelt
she's apparently weighed in as well
what's going on here well it's a real
exaggeration of course in Nazi Germany
they were keeping the Jews from leaving
the country but this is a serious matter
we need to think it's a pause it for a
second let me tell this effing
something okay that the the chief law
enforcement officer of of the United
States about the Jews not being able to
leave many of you may be familiar with
the fact that the gassing and burning
and killing of six million Jews was the
final solution of the Nazis let me tell
you what the first solution of the Nazis
was in 1938 expulsion started just
before the Wannsee conference shifted
policy to extermination you understand
the reason why they're the final
solution was extermination is because
they couldn't expel the Jews because in
1939 when the deportation started first
they went to Poland but then of course
they invaded Poland and so the Jews were
still there Jews sent to Hungary were
sent back Austrian Jews and so on
they expelled the Jews and then they
were sent back and then the Jews weren't
being taken so Jeff sessions aside from
having to try and find a difference
between his policy and the Nazis one
couldn't come up with one incidentally
that is that information was confirmed
by the guy who plays Archer john
benjamin whose thesis was actually on
those attempts to deport the Jews didn't
Hitler want to deport the Jews to
Madagascar he was looking for a lot of
different places but they couldn't do it
so let's go back what is Jeff Sessions
have anything else to say or is that
basically the gist of the clip let's
just listen to the rest of this guy's
this this this morons talk and laura
ingraham I mean what a despicable human
being what a despicable way to make a
dollar what's going on here well it's a
real exaggeration of course in Nazi
Germany they were keeping the Jews from
leaving the country but this is a
serious matter we need to think it
through be rational and thoughtful about
it we want to allow asylum for people
who qualify for it but people are
incidentally a week or two ago they just
narrowed the qualifications right
domestic abuse fear of gang violence no
longer constitute a reason for asylum
that's the game right we only let people
in who qualify for asylum what do you
need to qualify for asylum you need to
be 11 feet tall for people who qualify
for it but people who want economic
migration for their personal
financial benefit and what they think is
their family's benefit is not a Nessus
for a claim of asylum well if you don't
have access to food or safety sorry
sorry you're coming here yeah we got a
we got a really really cut back on all
these uh these immigrants are coming in
and they're you know what they're doing
they're soaking up all the lottery
winnings just despicable what uh what
are just a horrible racist human being
but wait there's more he's not the only
despicable racist in the administration
this is the Z acting yeah
active the acting director of is it i
sir what are we calling that Stasi now
but this is the acting director of ice
understand incidentally and I'm not the
one who came up with this I think it was
that guy it was McElwee Sean McElwee a
significant portion of the people that
this guy's organization the port's have
been in this country longer than the
existence of that organization when ice
deport someone who's been in this
country for 20 years understand that ice
has only been around for about 15 just
just to be clear fortunately they don't
have a long and storied history of being
a Stasi no but here he is again again
hey at least we're not Nazis
thank you for joining us you've heard
prominent people compare your behavior
to that of the Nazis to that of the
Roosevelt administration and turning the
Japanese to bring world
or two how do you respond I think it's
an insult to the brave men and women
aboard with tow and ice to call law
enforcement officers and Nazis they're
simply enforcing laws enacted by
Congress you know I wish there's this
much outrage about separation of
families I wish I heard this much
outrage and we met with ancient mothers
and fathers whose children were killed
by illegal aliens u.s. citizen children
killed and separated from their families
forever I never heard this outrage so I
think people on the hill posit actually
no I think what we saw in those
instances where people actually taken to
trial and prosecute which I am perfectly
willing to make that trade we will
continue to prosecute anybody who
murders somebody else and then we will
prosecute all of you we will process
we'll start with you as the acting head
of this body and then we will prosecute
everyone in middle management and on
down we were just following orders is
his address to the charge that we're not
Nazis we're check we're following orders
we're like the exact opposite cuz the
Nazis didn't follow orders
they were like renegades right they
didn't even have uniform Oh unbelievable
is there any more to this God so we
don't have any of this of this scumbag
dude yeah it's like what are they
calling that we don't have any of that
do we Oh God all right good what real
not these are the ones calling them
Nazis that's work concentrating people
into camps I didn't hear anybody
expressing outrage when they were
murdered really no like these people
just what would they do they celebrated
were they honored were they honored
these oh my god Hector got another white
girl San Francisco let's bring him to
the Stevie Wonder concert at the White
House incidentally that case in San
Francisco that boy was exonerated in
tolerated that was a total lie what
we're about to speak to the parent of
one of those children killed in the way
you described
did you notice cable news anchors or
Democratic politicians swooping in to
comfort those families when their kids
were killed
no I didn't
you know I know the median last few days
I've been sensed by the purple for the
intentional misleading of the American
people by politicians and they say that
Trump administration wants to use these
children of political pawns the Trump
administration isn't down there having
political sideshows with these children
and talking about this issue the Trump
administration wants Congress to fix
this and Congress has the authority fix
it but what we know is talking about
it's an underlying reason for this whole
argument are these families really
escaping for your in persecution the
immigration court has said in last
year-and-a-half
over 80% of these claims are frivolous
so first of all we got attacked a very
positive no no they're not frivolous
they just don't qualify and then what
happens they get sent back there's a
process there's a process and just when
we put you on trial we're not going to
predetermine the outcome we're going to
allow you to stand trial for your crimes
against humanity it would be unjust to
simply say hey look we were able to find
guilty verdicts against these other
people so home and must be guilty no you
will get a trial the law says that
people get a hearing even if eight out
of ten get rejected shouldn't they're
arguing these people are coming to this
country these parents themselves are
using these children as pawns to gain
entering the United States knowing that
we can't detain them and as far as the
separation of families are concerned you
have to put the blame on the parents
they are choosing to enter between the
ports of entry they know they will be
separated but they want to blame the
government when we were forced to do
that so let's put the blame where it
lies not on the fine men and women the
Borba troll ice we're enforcing the law
you guys are scumbags absolutely would
it all be in prison and ashamed of
yourselves
socially shunned it's disgusting yeah
I'm not one for carceral solutions but
if anyone belongs in a gulag it's the
people who are doing this seriously we
got all that restricted look at that
that that guy that Thomas Holman such a
scumbag that you've even got Jaime
calling for the erection of prisons to
hold people like you that's that's how
horrible you may be put him in his own
prisons save a little money there you go
not even build new ones just empty out
the other ones and just prop for-profit
prisons where the profits go to like DSA
it's a profits get redistributed to okay
the profits go to DSA the guards are
from ms-13 and he has to listen to Ani
DiFranco all day and and for those
idiots who want to call in and tell me
that this is just following the law
right who don't think this was just
simply a decision a choice to be made
let's travel back in time almost a year
plus ago in fact more than a year a year
and two months ago right around the time
where they had developed this thing
called video and in March of 2017 video
had been had been developed and John
Kelly went on to something called cable
news a network called CNN and he was the
department of homeland security
secretary and he had this idea about
what he could do not because he had to
follow the rule of law because why would
you even possibly contemplate sitting
there on national television saying I'm
not sure if I should follow the rule of
law or not no it was a policy decision
let's listen to John Kelly way before he
was pretending that he doesn't care if
Donald Trump gets impeached because he
thinks he's on the outs and he wants to
seem like a human being once he gets out
of this administration back when he
thought his future was in this
administration it's like not that
relevant that he's considered a human
being fact it's an asset to be
considered us come back here he is
talking to Wolf Blitzer pretty
considering a new a new initiative that
would separate posit
a new initiative this is a new
initiative is it gonna be a new way of
following the rule or is it just gonna
be a new policy a new initiative it's so
disruptive literally pretty considering
a new a new initiative that would
separate children from their parents if
they try to enter the United States
illegally let me start by saying I would
do almost anything to deter the people
from Central America to getting on this
very very dangerous network that brings
them up through Mexico into the United
States and I would underline that the
Mexicans are what you would you advocate
for more funding in these governments
would you advocate for funding for NGOs
to go down there and help them would you
advocate for maybe stop deporting gang
members to these countries and
developing the gangs there I mean would
you advocate for economic help so that
there was at some competition to working
with cartels I mean what exactly would
you do anything or just like the easy
most cruel things that you could do its
Network in the same way we are it's
extremely dangerous I wouldn't say a
hundred percent but certainly in the
high ninety percent and this is by the
social service organizations that that
inform me from Central America that the
vast majority of the young women all
women are sexually abused along this but
my point let me just let me just be
precise right if you get some young kids
who are coming in to manage to sneak
into the United States with their
parents our department of homeland
security personnel going to separate the
children from their moms and dads we we
have tremendous experience in dealing
with unaccompanied minors we turn them
over to HHS and they do a very very good
job of either putting them in kind of
foster care or linking them up with
parents or family members in the United
States yes I am considering in order to
deter more movement along
this terribly dangerous Network I am
considering exactly that they will be
well cared for as we deal with their
parents yeah there you go
that is some next-level concern trolling
yeah not to mention he also doesn't say
the word asylum seekers which they're
doing it to right but just admit that
you don't care about these people no I'm
so concerned I'm so concerned that
there's gonna be abuse there that I'm
doing it for their sake maybe you people
don't care but I'm like super like
radically concerned about human
trafficking and whatnot like they take
like these broads over borders and
whatever so the answer is you got a rip
babies out of their mother's arms all
like the cartels win you know what I'm
saying wolf you're a Jew you're able to
think abstractly
