[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
just wait
[Music]
[Music]
- no my down
[Music]
like dude I hope that Jill Stein worked
with the Russians because I I need to
hear or see whatever those email
exchanges were it's like the best
measure like on the phone like like I'm
not I be a respected activist and doctor
but you want me to walk across the
entire country making complete
idiot out of myself in order to help
this real estate rapist buffoon be
President and you're talking about a
contribution to the Green Party and
$50,000 my bank account what the
are you talking about yes we'll need you
to say Hillary's too big to jail can you
say that yeah too big to jail okay well
in order to intervene in the campaign
what something is stupid and worthless
as bad I'm gonna need I don't know
points on a gas prom field
all of a sudden when I look at your
author Demetri I'm thinking to myself
maybe I should be running a 40 state
educate the public build the Green Party
from the grassroots campaign not be some
type of dumb dumb weird millionaire
housewife suicide bomber campaign do you
see what I'm saying Demetri cuz when you
tell me you're gonna give me a hundred
grand personally to interfere with the
election I get offended and when I get
offended I get less stupid do you see
what I'm saying I might have to answer
sam cedars question about a 50-state
quit point a 50-state strategy
rationally do you get what the hell I'm
saying Demetri I think that would be
amazing
I actually think if that was Jill Stein
I'd have so much more respect for her
she's just like I want points in
gasps prom gentleman I saw the she's
English is like I talked to general
Flint for a minute and he wasn't
interested in my proposal but she really
just showed him like what let me see the
head voice for the Artie dinner you got
paid what the
Jill I want you to say we would still
Freck if Hillary is president frak if I
can get a point on gas prom oh man Jill
Stein much like Russia itself makes
almost everyone who touch her they're
dumber for it welcome to the Michael
Brooks show I am Michael Brooks were
broadcasting live it's a special Friday
episode the last of 2017 our 21st
episode broadcasting in Brooklyn left
his best headquarters with super
producer Matt lek
hello ho head theoretician David Briscoe
how's it going oh look at that trying to
get all white Perry White digital
gorilla David Slovak the other super
producer he is actually not with us
today but always with us in spirit
on today's program Vanessa a bee she is
a writer for current affairs she's gonna
explain why we need to nationalize the
Internet what the debate about net
neutrality tells us about neoliberalism
the world wide web and capitalism itself
plus crew Cory pine we're getting deep
we're getting personal we're talking
about the missing factor of class and
American politics how our own stories
inform where we're coming from and what
grounds for hope are for the future of
American politics and civilization Plus
sorry to do it but we're throwing a
ginger in the pyramid today a total such
an incredible waste of space that we're
gonna need to let him out again at some
point just so we can throw them back in
he's gonna be a new mascot that is true
and on the postgame dead pundits Adam
Proctor is gonna be here in studio with
the fellas breaking it all down all that
and much more plus a little bit of Obama
material we got up the sleeve later
all that and more on today's this week's
Michael Brooks show but first let's
start with a little bit more of what I
hope to be a hopeful note to leave this
year I'm sorry to laugh like that look
things are really bad and we have a
buffoonish orange face clown fascist
president game show sexual assault guy
we have a Republican Party that is
completely synchronized with him in the
upward distribution of wealth and the
complete robbery of whatever little
remained of whatever little we began
with of an American social system safety
net and Commons we're really at and I'm
tea for patrons you're gonna hear more
of this on Sunday in the illicit history
but we really are at the Cuba cake
setting cake cutting scene of Godfather
2 where Hyman Roth is on the rooftop
basically explaining how the entirety of
the island and different Hotel and
Casino businesses are gonna get
distributed to a handful of Mafia
families that was the tax bill that's
where we are in terms of our politics
and in terms of our stage of
neoliberalism but look there is no doubt
that in order to do to defeat this we
need an actual left project and that is
definitely part of the core mission of
this show to build a project that is
strategic that is sustainable that is
viable that has broad appeal because of
its frankly because of its brand clarity
but also because of the rigor and
coherence of its message and the range
of people that it can synthesize and
appeal to across the board and hitting
every type of emancipation possible
social political economic in a
synthesised way that's why examples like
the Freedom Charter from the African
National Congress means so much to me in
order for that to happen we need the
dead delusional center to die away and
it is there is no centrist answer to the
extremism of the moment the ball will
just keep getting pulled further and
further and further and further towards
the total fanatics and kleptocrats that
are running this country and people know
this most importantly young people
notice we're not more left and better in
our politics because people in their 20s
or 30s that there's some sort of
magically more ethical
this isn't socially explained it's not a
brand or marketing trend it's because
people who are coming into their
adulthood now in the broadest possible
segmentation have lived out this
economic system to its fullest including
people who are very privileged and did
all the things that you're supposed to
quote unquote have done people who went
to college people who grew up middle
class people who grew up with a lot of
racial economic and identity comfort are
facing stagnant wages limited job
opportunities and seeing more and more
stolen from them across the board and
out of that you get poll numbers like
more and more Millennials rejecting
capitalism more and more Millennials
embracing socialism these movements the
thread that did start and none of them
are perfect but if you look the
matically Occupy Wall Street was so
important because it was a massive
people and I remember coming out of
college
struggling doing things for a couple
years trying to figure it out and
realizing that what occupy was was this
mass moment where a lot of people got
together and said to themselves this
isn't some Tony Robbins video this isn't
my fault this is a structure you don't
have unemployment because your resume
isn't good in fact your resume is too
good nobody should have as good a resume
most people leave in college today
that's why people are so boring
which is a downside of younger people
today but that being said there is a
rampant structural problem occupy
solidified and identified that black
lives matter took the Jim Crow the new
Jim Crow Michelle Alexander's what she
put together so brilliantly brought that
on the street and we're so relentless
and clear about it that yes we're in a
situation today where there's real
people and real coalition's who want to
seriously do something about it the
center folded with its kind of fake and
people still try to do this all the time
false equivalencies on those issues and
a revanche of it and a kind of
resurrected white supremacist of trump
in sessions that actually wants to
reaffirm and broaden police brutality
and abuse not just of race but also of
class and sentencing and punitive
approaches in general which we all have
to fight and then Bernie Sanders started
to bring those themes together
imperfectly but in a way that is
completely unprecedented since at least
the 1980s and some of the things that
Jesse Jackson did in many ways not since
really the best parts of the New Deal in
the Great Society except fused with at
least some decent moves on foreign
policy so people get it we're in the
conflict zone now where we're fighting
raw power and that's very scary it's
very threatening it's very visceral what
people went through when they got
arrested at g20 and the prosecution's
attempts to destroy free speech and
criminalize protest we're gonna see more
and more and more of that and by the way
that goes back to the anti-globalization
protests of the 1990s where a sort of
lost generation of people who were kind
of on the ball this stuff already in
their 40s to give them credit they were
out doing it so it's scary but at least
we're losing the veneer when Paul Ryan
goes out and talks his nonsense about
this creating jobs and then quickly
pivots to the next racialized attack on
the welfare state which you are going to
see as that is the next
move give the give away jack up the
deficit which you don't care about and
then come for Medicaid come for food
stamps ultimately go for Social Security
and Medicare but those are a little
harder because of your Universal
programs oh right
universal programs like Bernie Sanders
talked about they're pretty effective we
know where the conflicts lines are we
don't have time for Thomas Friedman
nonsense we're not in delusion it's
about power it's about distribution and
the stakes are clear and there are no
side lines and the big advantage that
people from our politics have is that is
it it is in fact most of us and we need
to through a combination of politics
through social sanctioning of the hyper
wealthy through humiliation
embarrassment ridicule organizing and
creating human bonds both of those
things all of these movements at once we
need to synthesize and create and move
and know exactly where we are and
there's real grounds to be confident we
should be looking at all the disgusting
pieces of news every day and just think
of like alright well now all these
people are about to learn the meaning of
the term victims of your own success and
I have total confidence that we can do
that and that's is in fact other than
the fact that I enjoy being paid through
patreon to make fun of people why I do
this so I want to thank everybody for
for every aspect of this show from
people who are patrons obviously to all
the people who listen watch and share it
we've grown really fast we've done
really well we have a broader circle of
friends and comrades and associates who
were building this out with and I'm
confident about what we can put together
thank all of you and now after shouting
ourselves out did we we still have
Birdman as the shout out music you don't
have Birdman anymore would you like to
karaoke Birdman David shout out shout
shout out shout up alright so
this is that's good I'm just gonna cut
that from the future and we're just
gonna play that with Danone in it shot a
shot at you have you guys still not
looked into that he's dating Toni
Braxton I just I do be honest do you
know who she is I do but I did doesn't
mean that much to me that's like okay so
like jay-z's sort of like from the wrong
side of the tracks blah blah blah but
he's very smart and he's very like you
know he's a self-made mogul and then he
got like the perfect church girl
daughter and Beyonce but Toni Braxton is
like the church girl daughter who was
like mmm no I want to date a guy as a
true to generate yeah I mean and that's
Birdman someone who's just mind-blowing
I grew up around a lot of church girls
that's not so mind-blowing so I always
say so you've been with a girl who's
like into Jesus but not that into Jesus
you don't really know what a good time
is so resetting mm-hmm doctor the shout
out shout out shout out shout it you
need to do it with me again man shout
out shout out okay this is an amazing
project actually that my console wrote
about in box of all places
it's a ESA group in Washington DC called
us the stamp out slumlords campaign now
DSA nationally which is the Democratic
Socialist of America of course has
skyrocketed from 7,000 to 30,000 members
nationwide since Trump took office and
the campaign in DC specifically helps
educate residents of low-income housing
about their legal rights if they're
facing eviction and in most cases people
were facing eviction actually first of
all have many mechanisms to stay in a
place longer than they realized there's
many ways of fighting back they also
need to know exactly like when their
Court dates are believe me I went
through this some of this stuff growing
up growing up I know what this process
is like you
need to know what the court dates are so
because if you miss it it's an automatic
eviction as an example there's also a
lot of ways to turn the fight on its
head because if you're a slumlord
terrorizing your tenants chances are you
aren't taking care of things that you're
legally obligated to take care of so
they're also helping people do audits of
where they're at and also look for
places where potentially they could be
getting money from the slumlords
themselves this is an incredible action
I hope to see more like it and it also
once again belies the mythology about
people with an actual left agenda not
doing real things I don't know what gets
realer than keeping somebody in their
home so that is the stamp out slumlords
campaign which is organized by the
Washington DC branch at Washington DC
branch of the DSA now we're gonna get to
Vanessa a bee in a moment but first
we're gonna do a little pitch we have a
couple of patrons in studio actually you
guys are patrons right yeah okay I hope
you're right
it's not a joke and get the out no
we have we have our friends in studio we
have patrons we were up to I think about
9 27 or so 928 as of this show starting
I want to thank each and every one of
you so so much please check at the end
of the month when patreon charges
there's usually a drop-off because
they've declined cards and other sort of
things so make sure a lot of people that
have actually checked in with they they
want and still beyond and they want to
eat so just make sure everything is up
to date so there's more continuity for
you when we hit a thousand we're gonna
get an Impressionists excuse me we hit a
thousand we got worse we do we have one
we have one and a half you guys drop in
there sometimes too we certainly do
we're gonna get an animator for the
impressions we are gonna keep building
out the trainings at the people of the
21 an above level I have a call actually
that we're gonna announce soon that I'm
gonna do with you all this weekend's the
discord community is alive and active on
its own it's incredibly impressive thank
you Jameis and thank you Claire thank
you everybody else who makes that happen
we are building out this content because
of the mission that I told you about
right at the outset of the show it's
about building a new left agenda it's
about winning it's about radically
improving human life and if we could
play even a small role in that and that
will be meaningful and significant and
you helping us do it is essential
because this is the only way it's gonna
be done in the world we live in today so
thank each and every one of you so much
it's how we stay free of corporate
oligarchs it's how we take on anyone we
want to take on any time anywhere any
place we are moving we're moving thank
you for moving with us we will be right
back
with Vanessa a bee from current affairs
this is the Michael Brooks show
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back welcome back to the Michael
Brooks show joining us now is Vanessa a
bee she is a contributing writer at
current affairs and an attorney in
Washington DC Vanessa thanks so much for
being with us thanks for having me
so Vanessa you write well in fact you
write many good pieces but today we're
talking about a public Internet as
possible this is a piece you published
on summer 14th and current affairs and
you use the net neutrality debate the
net neutrality travesty to actually open
up a much broader conversation about the
internet and about neoliberalism itself
can you start by explaining a little bit
about how you see net neutrality in and
of itself but also this kind of broader
door it opens for you to think about the
Internet yeah so you know I think I
started by disclosing that like sort of
what inspired this piece I really had
started working on it
sometime last year just really being a
disgruntled Comcast consumer just being
really frustrated you know dealing with
them having you know lived a huge chunk
of my life in Europe and knowing that it
can just be so much better than it is
now and I sort of you know I did some
research and what I really wanted to do
was write a piece about municipal
broadband there was what sort of trigger
day besides you know my own personal
experience with one of these internet
service providers or ISP was really last
year the FCC while it was headed by
Chairman wheeler during the Obama
administration tried to they intervene
you know in a case where you know
municipalities were trying to defend
their there
you know sort of running their own ISPs
and it went all the way up to an appeals
court and
the states in which the municipality I
think it was for Tennessee you know in
the Sixth Circuit the state was trying
to prevent municipalities from passing
you know the sort of regulations that
would allow municipalities to run their
own ISP and the FCC in intervening said
you know our own statute should preempt
the states from doing what they're doing
and like long story short they lost in
the Sixth Circuit so that it's now
basically legal for states to keep
passing these laws to prevent us all
from having you know better internet
exactly so just can I just explain it
and I want to make sure I have it right
and then and this is good so Kay so
essentially what they were doing was say
and I'll say I don't know the case but I
guess if let's say it's Tennessee so say
Chattanooga which I think Chattanooga
does actually have a very big reputation
for public internet and and broadband
and those types of things so say
Chattanooga wants to regulate work or
create a condition where you know
Comcast is not meeting the conditions
that Chattanooga as a city or
municipality has set for its own
standards of service and providing they
want to implement their own standards
the state of Tennessee said no you can't
do that this is a state not municipal
issue and the FCC supported Tennessee's
position in undermining cities and
