Daniel knives joining me we're going to
be talking about valsartan here although
they let me get you up here Daniel and
what farm you from Daniel
I'm with Levin Papantonio happen tonio
yes and okay so valsartan what what is
that what is that drug well valsartan is
a very popular blood pressure medication
it's called an angio retention blocker
so right now there are currently three
million people using valsartan in the
u.s. very popular blood pressure
medication and you'd get prescribed this
for having high blood pressure yes okay
that's right
and so what is what is the controversy
around Val sorry well this is the
largest class one recall in you know
most likely we're still trying to
validate the numbers but it appears to
be the largest class one recall ever
okay what is the class one Rico a class
one recall is where the pharmacies and
the insurance companies they're required
to send notice directly to the consumer
so directly to the people who've been
affected by the contamination that's
inside of the valsartan and that
contamination is what's called NDMA that
we call it dimethyl nitrosamine so
basically in n as in nancy not md in it
manga which is ecstasy well NDMA and and
basically it's very toxic it cause you
the w-h-o classifies it as a possible
carcinogen but the only reason they can
only say possible is because you can't
do human studies on it because it is so
toxic that you wouldn't subject any
humans to that kind of study so wait a
second so there is a drug that three
million people take in this country
that's right there as the recall
happened yet it has it's been issued it
has and there's over 1.5 million people
that we know that are subject to the
recall already and the list is going up
and up so the fda continues to update
the list of the different medications
you know the different US manufacturers
that had this contaminated valsartan
most of it comes from one chinese plant
in China where they were making the
active ingredient that goes into the
valsartan so they ship that active
ingredient over here to the US and they
put it into a pill form here in the US
that active ingredient is contaminated
within DMA and where did that
contamination take it took place in this
Chinese factory that's right
Chinese factory and you know we what
we've seen with a lot of these Chinese
factories and this one is no worse it's
called Wei hai Chinese factory and
essentially what happened is when
they're combining the molecules together
to give us indy or to give us the active
ingredient for valsartan if you combine
those molecules into acidic of an
environment you get these byproducts
called NDMA and DEA and other
nitrosamine x' and that's exactly what
we found in this pill so and it's a high
concentration of it as well it's is it
jet fuel like which I heard that that's
right MD MDMA is commonly found in jet
fuel that's the main spot so basically
people are ingesting a little bit of jet
fuel in every every time they take this
pill of valsartan
how many times a day do they take this
pill they'll take it one time a day but
these people have been taking vows at
these this contaminated vows certain a
lot of these you know clients of mine
have been taking it for four years now
how did they find out that this was
contaminated
that's a good question we're still
trying to find that out but we don't
know if the manufacturer actually came
out and recognized that they had it
inside of there or if it was one of the
agencies like the EMA we think that
maybe they got tipped off too as the
European medical agency it's it's
basically the equivalent of the FDA but
at Europe's does the FDA test like okay
where we have the most popular pill in
the country for a blood pressure
the FDA say like okay good every
millionth pill that you send out send
one to us send us a hundred pills and
we're just going to test it in our lab
just to make sure that it's they don't
do that at all what if that would have
caught the problem if they had done that
in the last four years but they don't do
that and now that they've been signal to
the
process that we have that can find that
a drug is never mind like long-term
implications of a drug is unhealthy
right I mean obviously that's right that
involves more complicated studies but
just is like there's no lead in this
there's no you know there's no
contaminants in this we're just gonna
run like you know half a dozen potential
contaminates of every pill that's right
just do we have any mechanism for that
the FDA puts the onus on the
manufacturer to do that testing then
they send in documents to the FDA like
that's where every quarter we test or a
day or the inspectors go to their
manufacturing plant and they examine
those test results now what you will see
with these manufactured DEA inspectors
okay there there are only 17 of them in
all of China and they're required to
look at all these different
manufacturing plants in China so they'll
usually only get about 30 minutes to an
hour there's a manufacturing plant DEA
inspectors there are in the entire
country of China how much how many of us
drugs are manufactured in China like
what ico 80% of the generic medications
that we take here in the US are
manufactured in China so how many
companies that we tell I'm any comedy
factories do these 17 people had
numerous I don't know that number but
they'll normally get one trip to factory
maybe they get two or three and they'll
usually be there for a half hour ours is
our best estimate at this point but
what's interesting is even in that short
amount of time they catch these Chinese
manufacturing companies manipulating
data all the time so there's no
restrictions by the Chinese government
on these companies is there well there
are but we don't think they're they're
anywhere close to where they should be
why don't we say you know what you got
to manufacture this stuff in America
that's what we try to say but we give a
loophole which is if you manufacture the
active ingredient in China you can then
ship it over here and put it in a pill
form in the US that's their way around
the loophole I mean they do some thing
with with automobiles all sorts of
issues as long as you put it together in
the US
then you get you get around the loophole
but we could say active ingredient must
be developed in absolutely good
and so when you alright so alright let's
talk about the action that you're gonna
fall out here so you don't know why they
initiated this recall ultimately maybe
you will find out in the context of
discovery right that's right we know
that they issued the recall because
there's NDMA in the pill we don't know
who alerted the MDMA in the pill and
that's relevant because it goes to when
they knew right and how they knew
because theoretically they should have
been the ones who said like oh my gosh
we have this unfortunately we've been so
diligent in testing that we found out
probably two weeks after the first pill
was made with this stuff that's right
and I will say in terms of litigation on
these types of cases this isn't a
failure to warn case this is strictly a
manufacturing defect you're strictly
liable if you put cancer in your pill so
it's they're gonna be liable it's just a
question of how big the damages are
based upon trying to figure out how long
they've been doing this for that's right
and we also think that the US
manufacturers who put in the pill form
are also liable for this because they're
also required to do their own impurities
testing Wow
so the system failed on multiple
occasions multiple occasions and then
when you're getting when you go in for
damages and we just tell me how it works
here you you you establish like is it I
mean is it case closed as is at least
one part of the case closed on day one
where it's like yeah there's poison in
your pills
that's right we don't know if one person
took this or a million people took it
right or two million yeah and we don't
know if they took it for one day or they
took it for four years
well we're pretty confident so there are
about 1.5 million people who have taken
this pill for years and so we've already
established that that have taken
contaminated NDMA we feel pretty
confident that the next part of it is
what is in DMA costs
and so what we've looked at we've done a
deep dive into the animal studies and
also there are some some other studies
where people are exposed to NDMA and we
believe that the strongest cases are if
you've got liver cancer if you got
colorectal cancer or if you got stomach
cancer after ingesting this MDMA for you
know a few years you probably have a
good case that that NDMA caused your
cancer okay so most of the work that
you're doing is going to be
epidemiological trying to establish just
how big the damages are not whether or
not there's a claim for damages that's
right okay and this is also one of those
scenarios we don't know yet whether or
not this is purely an increased risk
so we basically there are many other
things that can cause cancer so there's
this background rate but so we're not
going to know whether or not this early
in the litigation whether this is an
increased risk kind of case so you took
the indium a and it gave you a 50% extra
chance of getting cancer or if we can
actually see something in the cellular
process itself
you know like in DMA in the cell and
then you know be pretty clear that it's
the NDMA so two things one do you is
part of the damage as a function of like
you need to in the future
change your Paula your procedures to XYZ
as either a stopgap to what obviously
was a potential failure to execute or as
a better plan because you plan even
though it was well executed didn't
didn't work well we actually think the
Chinese manufacturers is very culpable
in this case I think it's you know from
some of the early returns that we've
seen the documents can't talk about them
yet but I believe that the Chinese
manufacturers very culpable I wouldn't
be surprised that they knew about this
problem as far back as 2016 and buried
the results okay so the Chinese
manufacturer buries the results but then
down the rot line they're supposedly
other mechanisms that the people who are
putting these pills rather should have
caught that that's right
what kind of safeguards comes from does
the manufacturer just develop them on
their own or can that be something
that's part of the damages well the FDA
has given them guidance as to the types
of impurities testings they're supposed
to do but again this is a strict
liability you put cancer in your pill
right you're liable for it I'm just
interested on the other end of this
that's right obviously a lot of people
are gonna get a lot of money because of
they may either have like a ticking time
bomb in terms of cancer or they already
may have cancer or as a function of this
but for the next manufacturer of the
next pill what safeguards have been put
in place that have increased or
decreased the likelihood something like
this could happen
the FDA has all along given guidance for
how you're supposed to test impurities
in these pills and they did come up with
an update in March of 2018 that had that
been followed we feel fairly confident
that it would have been detected in
March of 2018 but we also think that if
you'd followed the guidance that the FDA
gave earlier than that it would have
been detected we also believe that we
have some information that some of the
US manufacturers or at least one of them
had detected this impurity early on but
we're still trying to confirm that
information and do those entities that
that knew about it like is there are
damages against them is there like
treble damages for something like that
like they're just knowingly do that I
mean shouldn't there should be criminal
charges for that absolutely now I don't
know that we'll get as far as criminal
charges but there should be but the way
in which we punish that in the and the
civil system is you know punitive
damages and that will absolutely be a
part of this case have there ever been
instances where you actually like have
enough evidence that there was one
individual who just you know was
careless enough to write an email like
yeah I know it's jet fuel I'm speaking
hypothetically
I know it's jet fuel in the baby formula
that we're given but it's just gonna
cost too much to take it out so a couple
babies may get ill they'll be okay you
know
as a drug product liability lawyer I see
the internal documents for many of these
cases a lot of times they're
confidential so we can't release them to
the public but I can tell you there are
numerous corporations where we see that
very document that sort of business
decision where they put profits over
safety where there is an easy correction
to it but they looked at and they said
that's gonna cost us more money we'll
just pay the dying widows or the the
widows or we'll just pay the damages of
the lawsuits because that's going to
cost us less money than to actually fix
the problem and avoid the injury to
these people in the first place
can you ever put out documents like that
redacted in a way like so that you
wouldn't know what the product was and
who said it I mean just to see the words
I feel like there are some litigations
where we get to see that information
where every now and then you get into a
trial that information comes out and the
judge unseals it so then we can actually
see that information for some of the
litigations like as I mentioned one of
those would be the Ford Pinto back in
the day right but there there's no other
way to get the get I mean would you feel
like the public if they had a notion of
just how I mean evil those people can be
and then but why in that instance like
okay you've seen the documents it's
supposed to be private you have it
you've either settled or the court has
sealed this stuff but why should that
protect someone from some type of
criminal liability because that to me
sounds like manslaughter at best right I
mean all the time that's that's all the
time we deal with that problem here in
the u.s. system we rarely see criminal
charges for what I believe is criminal
conduct well I don't understand how that
stuff is kept private within the context
of that if it is evidence of a crime
like I can't write I mean well how is
that where's the reform for that I mean
I I know I'm Howlin at the moon a little
bit here but well I mean I can just tell
you for as a lawyer in my area of
litigation you're probably going a
little bit past my area of expertise but
I could tell you when we start off a
litigation we want to be able to get
those documents instead of having a
prolonged fight as to what's
confidential and what's not so we
usually give the agreement you produce
the documents to
we'll keep them confidential that's how
it starts out so that's about as far as
I can go other than when we get to trial
then then a lot of times those documents
become unsealed and the documents use it
a trial can become public at that time
and I suppose theoretically if there was
a statute that said yeah there's no such
thing as confidentiality right dan and I
can say we'll keep it confidential but
statutorily if there's any evidence of a
crime Dan Nye is liable if you doesn't
release it sure and then you guys won't
see those documents going forward oh
yeah we would obviously have to be
release it but then we would have that
issue in the first place would we ever
even get those documents so where can
people hear more about the status of
this with the the drug is out is when
people hear more about the status of
this yeah well III would you can
obviously see it on our web page Levin
law comm that's Ellie V I in LA w comm
it has it's been in the press oh yes
absolutely CNN has been reporting on it
as a last and many other many other ring
of fire reports on it all the time
so if the last Rijn if I've taken zl--
Astron for a year
what do I do right now well valsartan
now sorry yeah valsartan and if you've
been taking it for a year I highly urge
you to go see your pharmacist it's
possible that you you you have the
contaminated in DMA in your valsartan
but you don't know about it so sometimes
the notice doesn't get to all the
consumers so go to your pharmacist talk
to them about it get a different
prescription well see if it's even the
contaminated I'll start because there is
some uncontaminated bouts are than
you're likely safe but if it's the cam
contaminated valsartan they're either
gonna likely give you a uncontaminated
valsartan if there's enough of it in
supply which there's been a shortage or
they're going to give you a drug in the
same class okay and then eventually
you'll hear from folks if you had some
of that contaminant but do you go to
your doctor at that point and say hey
I've been taking this stuff well you can
go to your doctor as well but the
pharmacist is gonna be the main person
who's gonna know you switch it out with
the pharmacist right
taking it but once if you find out that
like I've been ingesting jet fuel like
are there are their recommended steps
for you to take to like sure maybe you
should get some cancer screenings that's
right well we don't know what the
incident is at this point you've been
taken in DMA for for four years the FDA
came out and said one in eight thousand
people would get cancer that was their
first estimation we think that might be
a very conservative estimate but we
don't know if it's going to be one in
500 one in a thousand one in 2000 but I
absolutely think it's wise to go to your
family doctor at the very least and tell
them I've been taking the contaminated
valsartan I just want to do a checkup to
make sure I don't have a cancer all
right well Dan I thank you so much for
your time today I really appreciate
absolutely thank you Sam
