[Music]
speaking of this will actually bridge us
into a little bit of hashtag resistance
nonsense Cynthia Nixon has apparently
she acted with Sam once that's all I
really know about her they went on a
date or a dinner they had dinner Oh in a
TV show yeah oh right they want to yeah
he didn't he didn't it was like Sam's
evil twin who loves LA and won't eat his
food every one of my female friends
knows that scene - the second I bring
that up I've had a similar experience I
had no idea so here's all I'll say about
Cynthia Nixon a lot of people like Sam
uh definitely has a really positive
impression of her I ran I ran her by no
michi sure I'm mispronouncing your name
but know Mike he's all over know Mikey
Constance all over New York politics I
said Hayes
you know Cynthia's legit she said yup
definitely the other thing that came out
about Cynthia Nixon is that apparently
she also has spoken out in a with basic
human decency and reflected her politics
speaking about israel-palestine which
means that Alan Dershowitz hates her so
in between the fact that she's going
after Andrew Cuomo who is one of the
biggest scumbags in American politics
who is a bagman for charter schools in
Wall Street who sits back and allows a
totally corrupted process in Albany and
this independent Democrats who give
power to Republicans and allow him to
sit back and not govern to the left
govern to the center right where he
wants to be protect the oligarchs where
he wants to be if she can take a chunk
out of him and destroy his national
prospects that's an amazing service of
it in and of itself
now also Dershowitz doesn't like her and
she's co-signed by people that I respect
seems like Cynthia Nixon is somebody
that I'm down to get on board with and
here she is announcing her candidacy and
I think intelligently putting her focus
on economics and inequality which of
course are the defining issues New York
is my home I've never lived anywhere
else when I grew up here it was just my
mom and me in a one-bedroom fifth floor
walk-up New York is where I was raised
and where I'm raising my kids I'm a
proud public school graduate and a
prouder public school parent I was given
chances I just don't see for most of New
York's kids today our leaders are
letting us down we are now the most
unequal stay in the entire country
with both incredible wealth and extreme
poverty half the kids in our upstate
cities live below the poverty line how
did we let this happen
I Love New York I've never wanted to
live anywhere else
but something has to change we want our
government to work again on health care
ending mass incarceration fixing our
broken subway we are sick of politicians
who care more about headlines and power
than they do about us it can't just be
business as usual anymore if we're gonna
get at the root problem of inequity we
have to turn the system upside down we
have to go out ourselves and seize it
this is a time to stick our necks out to
remember where we came from this is a
time to be visible this is a time to
fight I'm Cynthia Nixon I'm a New Yorker
and together we can win this fight
I mean look I support this and I also
say you know look Andrew Cuomo is you
know beyond scumbag and they're gonna go
at her with everything
there's nothing but upside for this it's
an incredible uphill fight and you know
but at the very least so she could
really take a significant chunk out of
him and kneecap him for 2020 then that
has enormous value so and she's
identifying the right issues there and
you know who Cuomo is and what he's
beholden to yeah and people are already
talking about her for being a
celebrity like they're tired of
celebrities running for office but like
if a celebrity has good polity and and
as I understand it she does have a
history of real act she has a history of
real activist and also aren't these the
same idiots the three weeks ago wanted
Oprah to run for president based off of
a Grammy speech when Oprah's primarily
known like look I like Oprah I get Oprah
has an inspiring story her primary
public contributions have been the
secret and Obama and you want her to run
for president based off of a Grammy
speech and now you have a problem with
Cynthia Nicks and get that out of
here I don't know if these are the same
people some of them say I'll show you
one of these I would not be surprised
because you know Cynthia seems pretty
far to the left for a mainstream
Democrat but if a celebrity has good
politics and they're smart and a history
of activism and they're willing to use
their celebrity as a tool to make change
and fix the goddamn subways cuz we all
know that's a huge problem and you know
more power to her I mean yes I look at
all these people's constituencies right
and somebody like celebrities often have
a pretty wide popular constituency it
depends what kind of celebrities they're
right if it was like I know some like
Ted Nugent we're not a huge fan of that
like what he would bring the right but
like compared Eric Cuomo of course we
want some good Mexican and also I mean
like again like let's be real okay
Zephyr Teachout ran a good primary
against Andrew Cuomo she did incredibly
well she's probably like the ideal
scenario and incidentally in Joe's
effort eesh out has agreed to be a
treasurer on send
Nixon's campaign so okay she's you know
political activist legal scholar you
know left citizen candidate with a great
policy agenda has ever teach that's a
great candidate we all supported her
running against Andrew Cuomo she did
really well that's one scenario okay but
then what are the other scenarios the
other scenarios are a politician from
inside the system taking Cuomo which is
exceedingly unlikely and even if they
were much better than Cuomo they're
still gonna have all sorts of question
marks around them if you're looking at
it from a left perspective almost
definitionally then who are the other
types of people in the system we have
now which we need to change but who are
the other types of people that can get
into the race an independently wealthy
plutocrat or celebrity that's it that's
it and you know as I say someone likes
f4d shout was was when the kind of only
margin of someone who had a profile and
policy experience and legal experience
and activism and stature and network
that wasn't celebrity and wasn't wealthy
and wasn't from the party system and
machine but that's you know exceedingly
rare so inside that configuration yeah
citizen activist actor celebrity with a
real track record in left politics great
I'm all for it I look forward to
supporting and voting for Cynthia Nixon
someone's saying in the comments do that
rosario Dawson should also be in charge
of something
I'm totally well that's another great
example he's I'm sorry O Dawson's
incredibly intelligent she's on point
with her politics she's an activist she
understands the issues like you know
that's the thing is don't don't be Petty
and silly in the opposite direction
right like there's gonna be some people
that are you know they're actors or
they're norther musicians or they're
athletes they're also really
sophisticated they're also on point they
also have good values and that's a good
thing
that's a benefit to our politics and I
think Cynthia Nixon is one of those
people uh Tom Watson what was his
position he was he's some type of
Hillary Stan he's going like actually
yeah this is very actually type of stuff
I don't really
know who he is I know he's one of these
Hillary type Oh he co-founded with Peter
Dow Hillary men.com
okay so obviously he's a ridiculous
silly person but I just bring this up
Hillary brew right okay yeah so I mean I
didn't realize he was a Peter dowel
associate it doesn't get more kind of
laughable than that but Tom Watson and
again I'm whatever well just I'll give
myself just the note of this for 30
seconds I and anybody who's supported
Bernie Sanders because we actually care
about things like single-payer health
care dealing with poverty the cholera
war crimes in Yemen which the United
States is supporting Saudi Arabia and
the UAE doing we we supported Bernie
Sanders for that among many other
reasons and also you know I appreciate
the fact that Bernie Sanders was the
only frontline politician in American
politics for decades to talk about
poverty to talk about market
concentration to talk about welfare
reform which the Clintons and almost
every mainline Democrat that was around
the 90s supported that he talked about
it being mean-spirited and cruel and
racist and classist and sexist I like
that now I was accused by and we all
were accused of being sexist by a bunch
of mediocrities and hacks like
Tom Watson and I'm not gonna do this
much because hypocrisy doesn't matter
and pointing out these people's nonsense
is like well you know it just tells
itself but he tweeted this out about
Cynthia Nixon and be aware too in this
context Andrew Cuomo faces no viable
Republican challenger he's going to the
Democratic nominee is going to be the
next governor of New York barring a
massive unforeseen Black Swan event okay
Tom Watson quotes and and he's quote
tweeting The Associated Press The
Associated Press tweet is breaking
former six and sex in the city star
Cynthia Nixon says on Twitter that she's
running for governor and Tom Watson of
the
men for Hillary uh says he quote he says
I hope she acquaints herself well and
highlights important policy issues but
I'm personally going to pass at this one
too much at stake now what the does
that mean too much at stake for Andrew
Cuomo to try to I don't know maybe
privatize the subway system if he ever
gets around to dealing with the crisis
of the subway system and public
transportation too much at stake to not
do anything on increasing taxes for the
wealthy of the state to redistribute for
needed for social programs too much at
stake to be a right-wing governor who
back stabs and undermines Bill DeBlasio
at every turn even when he's asking for
the bare minimum of a modestly liberal
agenda like universal pre-k and raising
taxes on the oligarchs to pay for it -
being a bagman for chargers and wall
street every single step of the way in a
race who enables Republicans in the
state Senate and a race that the
Democrat is guaranteed to win what's at
stake Tom you know I could only conclude
that you're not comfortable with a woman
leading us hmm just a shame I see a lot
of like male tension or what I don't
even know all the phraseology these
 idiots use but I could just only
describe this as sexism and I feel
comfortable in my manhood enough to
support a powerful and strong woman like
Cynthia Nixon so I'm just disgusted by
Tom Watson I'm just amazed of just just
rampant misogyny that not cool that he
or any other of these people that
doesn't immediately support Cynthia
Nixon or maybe let me be more charitable
you know what maybe just as we supported
a actual candidate who had actual
policies to benefit actual people maybe
you just don't care about income
inequality maybe you don't want to do
anything about Wall Street or public
education or universal pre-k maybe you
just want rampant inequality with a
little bit more representation cool
maybe you're not sexist maybe your
politics are just garbage
and I'll attack you on that without all
the Tom not a good look tom no
good the out of here Jesus Christ
these people are disgusting no shame
zero shame zero shame zero game you know
usually when you say no and someone has
no shame that like implies that they've
got a little swag to them but when you
have no shame and no game you're just
irredeemable like what what do you bring
to it what what is Tom Watson bring to
the table why do I know he exists I mean
what is more epithet 2018 we have a this
thing as president oligarchy and
neo-fascists rising across the globe
from India to Italy to Russia to the
United States to Turkey we have a gun
crisis climate changes and these people
are sitting on Twitter in 2018 building
a cult around a discredited center-right
candidate who couldn't even bag an
election from a marmalade faced weirdo
with a scam college who essentially
muses publicly about wanting to screw
his daughter and they couldn't win and
their response and they won't even
support Cynthia Nixon what the hell is
the matter with these people well I
don't who is Tom Watson did he work on
the Hillary campaign in some capacity I
don't know Hillary men I I'm gonna get
some because in addition to use a
barnacle in addition to his you know
sort of left neoliberal ideology I'm
gonna guess he depends on this
particular system for a job right so at
least he has that excuse that you know
what if you don't directly financially
benefit from this you're a total freak
you're right at least Tom presumably has
some type of business interests here
