all right here's the let's start with
this there were four points to this
declaration you will see that it is and
I want to start with this when I
headlined this right window dressing in
Singapore but that's better than a war
understand that the vast majority the
overwhelming sense that there might be a
war came from Donald Trump in the first
place right
so it's one of those situations where
it's like I don't get any credit for
saving your life I decided not to kill
you today you know it's one of those
jobs the great thing about Mad Men
theory is you get a win when you just
decide to start acting normally right
exactly exactly I'm not totally utterly
mentally ill put it in the W column
exactly and so so we're avoiding war but
basically all we're doing is like oh
thank and and look I don't know that
we're avoiding war I just know that we
didn't have a war this week here's the
four point declaration and see if you
can figure out what the what the the
weasel words are in this United States
and the DPRK commits to establish new US
DPRK relations in accordance with the
desire of the peoples of the two
countries for peace and prosperity
that's nice
they've committed to basically the
pursuit of something good the United
States and the DPRK will join their
efforts to build a lasting and stable
peace regime on the Korean Peninsula
that's basically restatement of the
first thing they will join their efforts
number three reaffirming the April 27th
2018 pond moon jom declaration the DPRK
commits to work towards the complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
did anybody catch that sounds like yet
again well here's the point
what is towards me yeah right it's a
it's a it's aspiration sometimes you got
to break a few eggs to make an omelet
nobody should they have to test just and
because in fact a chef asper we should
everyone should have asked access to
Dina Claire I say the primary reason why
we why this summit took place the
primary reason at least you know without
the benefit of 20/20 hindsight because
if there's a war in six months then we
know the primary reason was because
Bolton because it was Bolton's when
Bolton said i want to summit soon that
way we can get the negotiations out of
the way so but as of today the primary
reason for this summit the most rational
assessment of that is because they had
some and by they I mean the DPRK had
some successful tests of nuclear weapons
and in missiles and so now they've got
the leverage and so that's why we're
here so the idea of committing to work
towards the complete denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula
could mean anything and could mean as
incremental as one can you know beyond
incremental there's okay and the United
States and the DPRK commit to recovering
pio wmia remains including the immediate
repatriation of those are already
identified I guess that that's a good
thing the words verification are not
here in this document the reason why the
words verification are not here in this
document is because there are no
milestones there are no mechanisms in
which to measure any progress this is
not really a deal to do anything it is
it is exactly
exactly sorry guys it's a declaration
that like let's let's try
you see Majesty North courageously to
the Iranian so you guys are idiots
she's like threatened to bomb all of
them do you feel team you kid that you
just are like dude you're a peacemaker
though like your hotels are awesome then
you meet with them that you win guys are
idiots so stupid this four point
declaration has as much substance as
that coke commercial where everybody
gives him a flower or something right I
mean it's true but that is also better
than war yes yeah but my only thought
out of it just as a brief tangent is I
wonder because some Democratic responses
have been really thick I don't even care
about jingoistic per se I just care like
awesomely foolish to hawkish Lee try to
undermine them meaning together and what
I wonder is the best-case scenario is
that this just creates a new context for
you know the next Democratic president
to come into office and be like the
negotiations continue I mean there's a
new here's the only normal version is
that we meet with them there is there's
three possible places that we'd go from
this but let me just counter what you're
saying there specifically because if you
look at like the 2005 agreement with
North Korea and if you go back and look
at the code the agreement that was
signed by Bill Clinton via the Clinton
but there was one end in 2005 to that
that laid out some sort of basic terms
and the fact is is that those did not
necessarily have the they did not land
where they wanted them to there is an
argument I don't think it's particularly
strong but there is an argument that the
idea of the president United States
meeting unilaterally with you has some
value to you particularly if you are a
marginal figure in the world stage has a
lot of those
I was gonna say and and that giving that
up and getting nothing returned is you
basically you know wasted some of your
firepower you don't have a lot of
leverage necessarily and so you know yes
there is a hope that something different
will happen in the future then has had
it happened in the past fine but let's
not get too carried away on the
implications of that well and like I
think like the criticism I think is not
irrational I mean I think that like I
think the idea of like the the DPRK and
the American flags together you know
there's another element to this
America's not what it was two years ago
even like we just blew up the g7 I am
rational and I would say the gate Trump
in a direction that is to to say
basically like you're being weak is
never the thing to tell him I guess but
that's not gonna do anything anyways so
everybody's freaked out that he was
gonna do something really terrible oh
yeah I agree but I'm saying I don't
think that he's responding to what like
Chuck Schumer says and when you look on
balance the implications of what
happened at the g7 and we're happening
with Canada could very well have far
greater implications than what happened
in Singapore I mean that would not be an
irrational assessment at all
well Canada's not sitting on a nuclear
arsenal that it's threatening to use
well explain it Agana he could get with
a vodka but I got news for you your
North Koreans have not done anything
different than they had done three weeks
ago or two months ago or whatnot I mean
the intentions that they have are no
different there's no reason
believe that there's even an iota of
difference in their intentions there's
no evidence of it they listen the North
Korea leadership has wanted to meet with
all these people forever yeah that's the
point well the whole strategy for the
idea I see the world wise but to
normalize North Korea well there's
definitely achieving that is that such a
bad thing like if Kim jong-un is acting
largely out of a desire to be seen as
legitimate in the eyes of the world and
he gets his wish in this instance and is
maybe less likely to but that's the
operative violent and end result that
end a good thing and maybe less like
well first of all I don't think he's
going to be any less violent
domestically like not he's not going to
not there I don't think there's no
reason to believe this guy's going to
stop killing his family members or
dissidents I'm not saying that this is a
good government or a good ruler but that
doesn't mean that we should be hoping to
get into a war with them or nuclear
breach not familiar with anybody in this
room who has said that or membership in
the committee meeting and nothing is
accomplished except for they both feel
better that's a good thing for two
unstable dictators unless unless it
further entrenches him and teaches him
the lesson this thirty five-year-old
that I can continue to wear down and
still maintain the same threat posture
I've had still maintain the the
dictatorship I've had I mean well you're
you're you're the for you're all I'm
saying is that I think on balance like I
don't think there's anything bad with
this but there is a very rational
argument that we have lost a certain
amount of leverage and have not in any
material way diminished the threat that
leverage didn't particularly work before
I mean as evidence and the second thing
- straight - is that it's also like I
think another part that people miss when
they get so specifically freaked out
about that you know us versus you know
Korea relationship is like a major
reason this happened is because of China
still putting pressure and actually
sealing up there there is some actual
work on like their security issues
around their border with North Korea and
they've put a lot of pressure on him
Singapore who does have diplomatic
relations with them pocketed the cost
for the meeting and there's like a peace
movement in South Korea with a president
who's like more popular than any of
these people like so I just think that
like there's a there's a there's a
broader pressure towards it happening
and sometimes these things do do look
here's the three here's the three things
that could come out of this one that we
get a real process that this this this
is a kabuki though I think is what we're
arguing like this is a process it could
be ridiculous in many ways but it is
literally a process okay that we get a
real process one that will actually
produce meaningful outcomes like this is
a process but it also could just be a
process of Donald Trump being able to
say like I did something you like the
implication like there's no there's
there's no substance to this it is a
process
I mean arguably are talking about it is
part of the process - and arguably are
talking about it we'll have as much
implications as you know these press
conferences first bilateral meeting
between those two leaders is a but it's
a huge deal and of itself but it's not
as if we couldn't have had this
bilateral meeting at any time what does
that have to do with how big it is well
because if it was always available for
the u.s. president it's not such an
amazing feat okay
I don't I know it's it's a major shift
in how we've done things with that money
it is a major shift in how we've done
things and there's absolutely no
evidence at this point that it's going
to
be mean anything I mean I don't think
Trump deserves credit or props in any
way but if the outcome of this meeting
is that we are less likely to get into a
war with North Korea that's good yes I
agree that is your the operative word is
the if if the outcome of this meeting is
that John Bolton gets what he wanted
which he literally stated do a summit
early so that we can show that
negotiations are meaningless following
that and we can get into a war then it's
a bad thing
would you agree with that yeah sure okay
so if things happen after this this is a
good thing if bad things happens after
this it's a bad thing I mean yes and all
I'm suggesting is that there's not a lot
that's come out of this that gives us a
sense that good things or bad things are
going to happen one of the following
three scenarios seem to me to be equally
possible one is that a genuine process
with timetables
with benchmarks comes out of this
follows it where there's actual
benchmarks and timetables and
verification processes and whatnot the
other one is that they just have this
meeting and Trump does not find it in
his interest to to be belligerent
anymore like he was six months ago and
on figures I don't have to test anymore
because from a political standpoint
people think I have these weapons and
they work if I haven't gotten everything
technically down on it it doesn't matter
because they function as the kind of
weapon I want them to function as which
is that it gets me things it protects my
regime it gets me a little bit more
resources whatever it is and the third
version is that this is part of you know
what John Bolton wanted they have the
summit
nothing comes out of it and then we can
go ahead with the war right now there ge
wants I think it would be about moving
troops potentially out of there to do
something in the Middle East I think
that's a real plague
that's quite a bank shot Trump announced
Trump announced that we're going to stop
we're going to stop the the war games
that we have with South Korea and let me
tell you what the response was to that
not from North Korea but from the from
the US forces in Korea it said yeah oh
yeah I'll tell me tell you right now
what what the response was from oh no I
can't find it vamp this is board up
that's the most important question is
the board up oh yeah okay yeah I got it
you got it
yeah here's the here's a quote from the
US forces in Korea right US forces in
Korea said Tuesday it had received no
instructions to stop upcoming military
drills is according to a report from
stars-and-stripes
in coordination with our South Korean
partners we will continue our current
military posture until we receive
updated guidance for the Defense
Department and/or Indo Pacific Command
this was according to Colonel Jennifer
Lovett the South Korean president's
office said Tuesday it was still trying
to figure out what Trump meant at this
moment we need to figure out president
Trump's accurate meaning and intention a
South Korean statement said meet to
figure out what the hell is going right
now the u.s. and South Korea are not
engaged and we're the only ones who make
up our minds on this Matt is said so
this is a bit of a microcosm I think of
what we could be watching here Donald
Trump comes out and says we're gonna end
all military coup he's gonna send them
all home just like you did with the
transgender plan right and nobody got
any orders and it just sort of like
three months later people were just like
what what what happened with that uh
they're doing they're doing military
exercises and then on freaks out says
Donald Trump promised me and Trump said
well we'd stopped we cancelled those I
mean so it's easy it's easy to imagine
multiple scenarios that come out of this
and there's no evidence I don't think
people should be saying that he
shouldn't have done this
I you know and like I say I don't think
the costs are that high I don't think
it's an irrational argument to make that
the costs that that we've expended
something and got nothing back but in
the main I think like you know let a
thousand flowers bloom but you plant
these uh you don't know that that I do
is just interesting I like that you're
quoting now in this conversation well
sure and but if you spread those seeds
on a parking lot you know don't hold
your breath that there's gonna be
anything that's gonna grow god I love it
right I love I love I love the MAL quote
which was a fake invitation for
political debate getting mixed with uh
don't plant you seeds a non fertile soil
I both quoted I both quoted man happy
man magazine and mass Steve Mackenzie
who is a gardening expert so that's I
mean I think that's that's where we are
