we are back ladies and gentlemen on the
majority report and as you know the
woods are dark and deep
we have many hours to go before we sleep
and as such it is uh it's my pleasure to
welcome to the program
The Washington Post political
correspondent Dave waggle and Dave
you're in California right now aren't
you you know I actually just got back
it's it's pretty easy there's there's
lots of planes they're the only
depressing thing is that you have to
leave California when you get on them
but I got back to DC after bed ten days
of heavy heavy driving around very very
large suburbs like the kind that 7d
singer-songwriters wrote about and
warned us about that have only gotten
larger since so all right so and you
were I mean I I feel like I saw tweets
from you literally like five hours ago
eight hours yeah I don't know I don't
sleep very much yeah it sort of feels
like you don't all right so you've been
in California for two weeks what was the
I guess the the the product the the I
mean obviously was the primaries but
what was the primary agenda and I mean
that not actually the primaries but the
the biggest agenda for the Democrats in
in these primaries I mean what I got it
wasn't very complicated as expensive but
not complicated they had some good
candidates and in seats where they had
not competed seriously ever I mean like
these were these are districts drawn to
be fair but they were districts where
compromise has been made so you know in
Orange County had a couple of Democratic
seats but then mostly Republican seats
and that Hillary carried basically every
every seat in our town in 2016 so they
wanted to just get decent Democrats into
the November runoff and I hopefully
don't need to reacquaint op2 because boy
we've explained that a lot last week and
they that was their goal and they they
succeeded
this was probably the the biggest hurdle
for the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee
America's favorite committee over the
last really in the cycle I mean their
biggest mission was not getting walked
out and they succeeded not getting
locked out so so I guess they were there
was like there were ten races where they
thought that their potential pickups and
there was like four or five that people
who had some measure of concern that
they would get locked out and they got
locked out of none of them yeah they I
just was talking to the net the
Republican counterpart that ten minutes
ago and they're they're conceding that
they probably just didn't lock Democrats
out of anywhere they got actually the
closest was in the end the seat that
Democrats had stopped worrying about
which shows you actually how how smart
they were their investments is a the in
the 10th district there's like Modesto
and conservative Central Valley but with
Latino voters they they barely made the
runoff because they had before decent
Democratic candidates and two
Republicans and then in Orange County
there's basically a district that cat it
covers Florida them has led to college
students they they got Gil Cisneros Fair
and Dana Rohrabacher seat which was the
one they were most worried about really
up until about 1:00 a.m. California time
they probably wound up getting this guy
Harley Radha who's a investor and former
Republican who's become more of a
progressive Democrat and then in the
forty-ninth which is Darrell Isis seat
they feel extremely good about this guy
Mike Levin who is a environmental lawyer
not with a lot of personal money he's
not the profile they want in every
district but who impressed people
organized campaign and and xlix is
interesting because as far as I can tell
this is a seat that stretches from kind
of the La Jolla part of San Diego up
halfway to Orange County that district
has never ever voted for it ever
sorry cast more votes for Democrats the
Republicans in a primary and they
definitely did last night it was only
about 48 percent of voters voted for any
Republican in that seat which is in
it was more like 63% just two years ago
just well the 63%
in the last midterm it was like 53 54 in
16 so more people voted for Democrats in
that seat than when Hillary and Bernie
were on the ballot which is uh they're
feeling really good about that
Wow all right let me just reiterate what
you're saying just so that it's not
confusing for people because oh yeah
because it is a primary that essentially
has I guess they call it I mean they
call it a jungle primary but it's
everybody votes it's I mean it's it's
very similar to a general election I
guess right I mean except for there are
two winners yeah and there are two
winners and so to have Democrats have
that much more of a turnout then I mean
that's basically what it is it's just
Democrats turned out in bigger numbers
than Republicans and that is an anomaly
yeah it's it's an anomaly except it's
repeating what happened in 2016 and one
thing I kept hearing from Republicans in
in the district I mean they they were
more realistic than some Republicans you
meet like like the president who thinks
that they're gonna you know gain seats
in the midterms but think I'm saying
well look Scott bow who was running
against anaerobic or and trying to lock
Democrats out there said look you know
2016 there is a decision not to compete
in California the president never came
here if it was up to me maybe we would
have had some rallies but like that look
that that Democratic advantage is gonna
be hard for them to repeat and they
didn't they didn't I think overall
across our County we're still waiting on
final votes it was probably about 50/50
or maybe like 52% of all of those four
cats Republicans it should be something
like 61 62 if they were back to the
normal midterm turnout and that is that
is terrifying to them they they they
really were kind of hoping that
Democrats were boxing themselves out
they also I mean all the one thing all
these candidates have in common these
swing seats they've never run for
anything
there is no democratic bench in Orange
County because it's they only recently
started to compete there at all and so
they've they see
that for them I think is has spooked
them since it started happen last night
because they're even looking at a one
thing we were all talking about in
California the end of the last week was
you could you could track early voting
and see wit members of which parties
have turned in their ballots and dimmer
it looked like Republicans returning
their in at a higher rate this is why
I've ever I've never got to really
panicking about that robot receipt for
this reason look then in the
thirty-ninth they were panicking about
that it turns out you know a lot of
those Republicans returned ballots and
voted for Democrats so global s worry
about that now oh really so the Democrat
so those early Republican voters had had
voted Democrat some some of them did you
know the Kate the rocker case is
actually kinda want to know the best
because I went to that district it's
kind of it's literally where the OSI
took place it's Newport Beach and Laguna
and Huntington I went there last year
from world a weekend and Rohrabacher was
totally convinced he had no challenge at
all and this guy Harley Harley ruda
who's Davis probably the nominee I mean
they might be a recount
he was slugging away raising money and
so Republicans are so worried about him
that they ran this some they were
running mailers and tweets and things
reminding voters that Ruta used to be a
Republican he gave money to like John
Kasich and the RNC and stuff and the
route of people think that didn't end up
hurting them I mean there are people who
like bruda were Republicans for Mitt
Romney and for for brother dinner other
Republicans until Trump took the party
over and they failed and you know going
around there I mentioned the show the
ICU you see it everywhere you see these
these pockets of like Tesla's and
Lexuses and people who've been doing
really well and are mostly fiscally
conservative but it Arthur really
horrified by let's say anti-gay policy
at abortion policy and they they seem to
be converting at 16 and they stay
converted this year interesting and and
I and I should say these are not not
going to be the in some respects we're
seeing yeah
we sing like sort of like a revival of
blue doggish New Democrats I mean that's
what this guy sounds like Tomoya right I
mean is that basically that see that's
what's interesting is that in some
places there they didn't always nominate
the most progressive person but in it
they the people who were not running as
the progressive candidate we're
attacking pretty pretty closely to the
left for example
Rudo I remember one of the first
questions I asked me here ago who was do
you support Medicare for all and he has
an answer I started to hear more from
kind of rich candidates it was like look
I've a business around the world those
countries that have the universal health
care are more competitive so I think we
should be getting there you know if
you're a progressive you're angry that
he doesn't say I'm gonna co-sponsor 676
and write have a hunger strike until it
passes but no he was he was rhetorically
4matic for Universal Medicare Susan Eros
was also a little bit he's a really a
former Republican lottery winner who
became a Democrat he's I guess the the
most more attractive part is that of his
bio that the d-triple-c loves that he's
a veteran too oh you know he didn't say
I'm for Medicare for all tomorrow but he
said we should expand health care no one
ran is a Blue Dog budget-cutting
conservative I mean the exception
there's a couple of people around the
country like Jeff Andrew who won in New
Jersey last night is is a blue dog wo
expect him i sat down with another
Democrat running Arkansas it was the
blue dog yesterday there's a couple of
those but in these California seats it's
like they made the jump not from right
wing Democrat I'm sorry right wing
Republican to blue dog but from
Republican to like you know mm-hmm so
like median Democratic member it so like
Tim Kaine I guess I think they went they
went they went that way because I always
ask you know I'm always on the lookout
for somebody running as a Democrat who's
not a Democrat in any way there were a
couple those guys running they just got
smoked I mean there was a one guy who
clearly came to look because all his
mailers had pictures of him in Barack
Obama just because he met Obama once i
was riveting as the fiscally
conservative reagan reagan dem
Democrat the Eisenhower Democrat he got
like 4% or something Wow
and what do you know about Katey Porter
up in in California's 45th yeah that's
another another race that's going to be
a test of uh what my favorite thing to
whether people would DC know anything
because Porter is a attorney it I think
the one of the attacks on her is gonna
be that she's not barred in California
but she's never claimed to be she's more
of a bankruptcy personal finance
attorney who worked around the country
she got in early as a progressive
Elizabeth Warren candidate she literally
worked for Elizabeth Warren Warren
endorsed her camel Harris endorsed her
and she ran against Mimi Walters who is
represents Irvine so it's hon of college
students and thought was confused is
completely safe
that was another gesture all these are
talking about voters voted for Hillary
over Trump in 2016 and so she got in
early
there was a recruitment that got this
got Dave men who was also a law
professor at UC Irvine but was running
more as a center-left New Democrat and
she beat him she got into the runoff
with Porter you could already see last
night's and some people in DC soon
saying well boy this is bad for bad for
the party they're nominating somebody
who's running on Medicare for all
instead of somebody just running on the
public option that's her right now and
I'm yeah Republicans even last night I'm
looking at my email now that was a good
a 3 3 a.m. Eastern time right
weren't they uh were boys single-payer
is gonna be no that's not gonna fly in
in Orange County you know they're gonna
try but Porter is a she basically has
Elizabeth Warren's policies and it's
convinced me less talking to her over
the weekend when I her campus launches
she was saying I'm a people here much
more angry that Meany Walters voted for
the tax increase right the tax cuts
because for wealthy people in California
there an increase lots of those wealthy
Republicans and then on single-payer
she's like this is going to save people
money I'm for this I'm happy to explain
any boy this is going to save the money
whereas my opponent voted to take your
health care where it way or make it more
expensive by voting for the AHCA
remember that acronym with American
Health Care Act yeah that was the the
rollback I guess that's what they
finally settled on right but the and
that was the the rollback of the
Affordable Care Act but it was America's
America America care something like that
America I'm only disappointed the word
freedom did not get tucked in there
somewhere
the American freedom to choose American
and health care and Stanford the flag
Act of 2002 no that might be what they
renamed it because they the this is
still something I hear from Democrats
all the time there are Republicans who
insist they want to try to get another
Obamacare repeal vote before the
midterms and Democrats are delighted
because they think it would fail and
they think the best they were ever doing
in polling was when people saw you know
a vote for Republican equals ending the
ACA so they're like bring that on let's
look that's not gonna happen no I mean
that's not going to happen right I mean
there's no probably not I think there is
going to be a push in the house do it
again and there's you're gonna hear like
Ron Johnson Ted Cruz say we should do it
again but my only point when it comes to
Katey Porter is she's saying if it's a
choice between I support universal
health care let's debate how we get
there - my opponent wants to get rid of
the ACA she's like that's I'm gonna win
that that argument even in a
conservative district I mean I I don't
know the Overton Window is one of those
phrases it gets a little bit overused
but yeah but it does feel I mean or let
me ask you this does it feel to you
having gone out there and look at these
campaigns I mean it sounds like what
you're saying is that to the extent that
that that concept is real it's it's
moved like the center of the Democratic
Party has moved to the left I think so
and so this is this is rhetoric that I
think for a lot of people watching the
primary sounds like you're doing the
work of the d-triple-c you're being paid
to say that everything is going great
it's hard to avoid I mean I've covered
this stuff pretty closely and I have
some questions I always ask people it's
and in general I have not found any
Democrat let's say they did
credit position in 2014 might was was
often in a swing district it was like
well we all agree that the ACA is not
perfect but we need to preserve it and
there was nothing about expanding it or
lowering the Medicare enrollment age or
none of that stuff there certainly
wasn't a lot of Medicare for all
and so completely like the candidates
who beat like the Bernie Sanders PAC in
it it's a lot of places there at the
very least they're saying we need to get
universal health care and so here if
you're a cynic and you know that's a I
think a very good thing to be you can
say well what's my proof do these people
aren't going to get elected and do
nothing to get there I mean that's fair
but the the window has shifted in part
because Democrats have seen how popular
it is to run on expanding health care
that they're this Virginian honestly
might be the biggest story of the month
where Virginia after a big election for
Democrats even with Republicans
controlling both chambers the Congress
they expanded Medicaid right yeah that's
with work requirements all that well I
feel like that the AFP the cokes had
been working to stop that successfully
for eight years and the resistance just
kind of collapsed Metin you're seeing
the same thing in Maine and so if you
are a very cautious
I just want to preserve my career
Democrat um at the very least you look
at that and say gee it looks like taxing
rich people more to pay for more
Medicaid is very popular think whatever
you think of the policy that is more
popular than hey everybody guess what
you get to you're gonna pay a heavy
penalty if you don't buy insurance from
Aetna that that seemed to be less
popular in the long run then you know
what we're just gonna make rich people
like skip the 1g up payment so that you
have free health care does that turned
out to be popular I think that's why
you've seen it move combination of
ideology comedies for practicality
combination of just the biggest factor
is just wow I win elections if I promise
to give people health care I mean I
think that's just the the idea that that
that argument about electability has
been sidelined I think is pretty huge
because
the there's just not a lot of energy it
seems to me on what when you start you
know and I'm projecting out to two to
four years when Democrats control the
Congress and then maybe have also
controlled the presidency there's not a
huge amount of energy on the we've gotta
maintain where we are policy shops right
like like anybody who you know once
you've once you've once you have settled
the electability question then it
becomes an argument about policy and I
just don't think that there's a lot of
you know sort of money pouring into the
the the the policy shops that are
advocating you know I don't know a we
finally figured out how the public
option would work and we're gonna save a
you know Obama care I don't know yeah I
mean I just seem that that's gonna be
unlikely we're not gonna see that I
think for a couple of years because
everybody is in sort of this like policy
you know stasis because of course but
nobody's gonna pass anything but it's
interesting to say that electability
question be resolved I guess the really
the next question is are people going to
credit these moves on health care if the
Democrats do end up having the big wave
in November or they just gonna say it
was a generic wave I think it'd be hard
to avoid seeing how much see what they
ran on and in these races Republicans
are going to run against the threat of
Democrats raising your taxes to pay for
health care like they were pretty
explicit last night I was again talking
about wasn't strategist when they saw
the Katey Porter is gonna win and
they're insisting like that's you know
you tell voters that she wants thirty
two thirty two trillion dollars in
spending on health care and you know if
you can't get them ever under that so
Republicans are gonna force the issue
they're gonna third tray the Democrats
