on the majority report on the phone it
is always a pleasure to welcome to this
program the proprietor of the uber blog
hullabaloo where she is known as Digby
and the writer at salon.com where she is
known as Heather Digby Parton Digby and
Heather hi yeah what a week I feel like
we say this every time we talk now but
this was really horrific in many
respects and I don't know you want to
just start up and sum up the horrors and
then we can go through them one by one
but I mean there's there's a lot to talk
about and you know obviously the first
order of this stuff is just the the
horrors of the parents and the children
being separated but there's a lot of
implications to this week that I think
are gonna resonate over the next six
months more so than than most weeks well
I agree I mean I think everybody's
listening probably knows that the
outlines of what happened and this this
horror story down at the border but
there are a couple of things that
they're probably worth just taking a
step back and looking at to explain you
know number one why this idea of
deterrence is so cruel and absurd and I
really think that that hasn't been
hammered home enough I mean there been a
few commentators who you know attempted
to sort of put this in perspective but
you know these people and you look at
the you know if you look at the people
who are coming over the border
teenage boys parents with young kids for
the most part these are people see the
people seeking asylum that they decided
to treat as criminals and yeah you have
to look at what they are why they are
doing this
and and you know they're their home
countries are in the grips of heart it's
the worst violence in the Western
Hemisphere I mean it is in fact one of
the the great Twitter way wags you know
I'm peein all the things I don't know if
you know who that is but he tweets
anonymously but he's a national security
expert and he tweeted this week
I would rather backpack through Syria
then do the trip that these people take
from Honduras El Salvador and Guatemala
and you know I think that that means
something this is an incredibly arduous
2,000 mile journey that these people
make and they're not doing it for
nothing you're not doing it so they can
come up and watch Rosanna I mean this is
these people are escaping a fate worse
than that that's why they're doing it so
they come to the border and you know
Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump get it
into their heads that we just make it
really tough we had to be tough we got
to be tough tough tough you know you
said that over and over again this week
got to be tough and if we just make it
tough enough they won't come here
anymore
well that's actually you know complete
not they can't make it tougher than
killing your teenage boy if you won't
join the gang they can't make it tougher
than raping your eight-year-old daughter
they can't make it tougher than killing
you and your husband this is what's
happening to those people down there now
that's as tough as it gets and the only
way that this could possibly work would
be for Trump and sessions to make it
tougher than that I don't know torture
Trump like that so maybe that's what
he's doing
now you look at these people and what
these do do the young moms with their
with their toddlers and kids under the
age of five standing there and and
basically you know accepting being
separated from their kids because that
cold bureaucratic horror of their kids
being yanked from them the pain that
they are going through is still worth it
because what they're escaping is so bad
this isn't just a bunch of people trying
to take advantage of something they're
desperate they're desperate people who
are looking for some way to be safe and
they're willing to
through all this including even having
their kids taken away from them if
that's what it takes to keep those kids
safe that is what they're living with
right now so you know people need to
understand this isn't just some you know
I think IP I don't know if people who
don't live in places where there are a
lot of Latinos who come over the border
and they work here and they go back home
I mean this flow over the borders been
happening for centuries before there was
a border so that there's nothing new in
this you know people talk about how they
need to assimilate know the white people
need to assimilate to the fact that
Latinos live in this country and always
have and they need to understand that
and and but even that isn't what this
particular situation is this situation
at the border and as you pointed out
earlier it happens every summer people
make this trek to try and get out and
they go through tremendous hardship all
the way along the way and then when
you're stuck at the border waiting for
these ports of entry that are so sacred
there they're living in a place these
towns in Mexico where they're they're
stuck for that period of time are among
the most dangerous towns in the world
and they're at risk of being raped
killed robbed everything the longer that
they wait they're so you know I mean
they'd rather deal with ice and you can
understand that right I mean I guess I
would too if I was in their position no
and nothing nothing Trump and sessions
does is going to change that and no no
all right and I don't and I know and and
you and I have talked about this in the
past that there is a compulsion in some
quarters both on the right and some
quarters on the left to to discuss the
the Obama administration in this context
and and I think like I think it is
worthwhile and legitimate to to to tell
people if they were not aware of it that
the Obama administration was detaining
and increased the amount of people they
would detain
they would never separate families maybe
in some instances they the the father
would be removed because it's much
harder to house men in a facility with
women and the kids but they would never
leave the kids without the parents and
you know if you came across with drugs
or a listed thing that's another
category it seems to me and this was
done as a deterrent to the extent that J
Johnson the the former head of the DHS
would go down to Guatemala and give
interviews to make sure that this stuff
was reported there and I think it's
important to acknowledge that even
though and I think the reasons why the
Obama administration did this I think
were different and it was not as
obviously as horrific of a policy of
basically orphanage like you know having
kids disappear essentially this this is
it's worth noting so that people
understand why if you set up a structure
like this it can metastasize into
something ugly if somebody ugly gets a
hold of the apparatus right like I mean
you know we talked about this in terms
of like national security stuff but this
is another example from an
administrative standpoint the jump for
these people who work in ice and whatnot
probably was not as great of a leap as
it should have been for them to be able
to do it I don't know if would have made
a difference but we should acknowledge
that and in and I think there's a good
argument to that Obama did it in service
of some misguided political calculus
where he thought like oh this is going
to allow me to actually have the
credibility with all these racists that
are gonna allow me to you know to
actually get some type of immigration
reform or to get daca or dhaba or
whatnot and that may be the case but I
think it's it's important I don't think
we should harp on it too much but I do
think it's important for people to to be
aware of what's you know what the
implications are because one day if
we're lucky
Donald Trump won't be our president
anymore
and there'll be reasonably rational sane
people who will be in charge of these
things and it's that much more incumbent
as us as a decision Zuri to you know
respond to these things and see the
potential problems in them not give
anybody a pass because they might have
good intentions or they might be a
better person than Donald Trump it's
very hard to believe that most people
who will be president going forward
won't be a better human being that
Donald Trump nevertheless that we need
to be conscientious about that and this
is not in any way to equate these two
things but to show how you know you pave
a road on some level the the the the the
vehicles that pass over it may be
horrible you know what I mean and that's
basically well you know I mean I think
you and I talked about this even at the
time and I know that I wrote about it
you know I mean I Bhama was known as the
DePorter in chief so you know among
lefties I mean not you know the right
wing that was one of the things they
liked about him and you know they they
you know push the envelope quite a bit
on this and I think for the reason that
you that you said which is that he kept
continued to think that you know if I
just you know reach out and you know try
and meet them halfway on this and I'll
have credibility and you know I think
we've shown that that is a completely
statue as' approach to dealing with the
right-wing and American politics I hope
you're right somebody should tell Chuck
Schumer this I know but I mean you know
this is this is something I mean I I
remember all of us during that period
you know the eight years of Obama going
it's not going to work dude it won't
work with these people you can't do it
won't work because we've been watching
them closely and there was this this you
know ongoing you know need on if somehow
an impulse to surfing though you know
but it's not a blue America in a red
America yeah yeah it is that's what it
is that's let's just deal with that and
go forward and try to fix the problem
dealing with reality but that a you know
knighting toward the end of his term he
had a little bit more of that but as
this shows this immigration issue
this was was toward the end of the term
that they were confronting those it was
unaccompanied minors where that was the
crisis at the time which were mostly
young teenage boys but from the age of
say 12 to 16 that were coming over the
border their parents were sending them
because they were in danger of being
constrict it conscripted into gangs you
have in their home country or being
killed I mean they had that was their
choice so that these parents imagine
that you've got kids then you send your
son off you know and just go well you
know 2,000 mile journey good luck to you
son but try to make it to safety which
is essentially what they were doing and
the right-wing went nuts on that and in
fact that was a big impetus for you
remember the the race in Virginia that
upended Eric Cantor the the Republican
leader on the house David Brett was
largely on the basis of that immigration
issue which had been all churned up by
the right-wing media at the time so I
you know I understand
Obama's pressure on that I mean of
course there was pressure there's always
pressure there you know there's that's
never going to change I mean these
people are relentless and so you have to
accept that that's going to happen but
this solution as you put it they
experimented with a lot of stuff and
they experimented with family detention
which is what we're going to what
they're going to try to do here if they
can get a judge to get rid of the Flores
settlement which would you know which is
basically what ended the family
detention program under Obama they were
unable to do that and they ended up
having to go back to the to the humane
policy which is basically you know
filling up the paperwork do all the
stuff you have to do and then we'll come
back for a hearing and we'll decide
whether or not you can you can have
asylum in the meantime you go to your
relatives you know up in wherever it is
and we'll call you when we're ready and
by the way the statistics show that over
ninety percent of the people who do that
come to their hearings they want to
silent for crying out loud they want to
be legal they don't want to be living in
the shadows and they have a chance to be
legal if they if they're asylum claims
are approved so they come back for that
that is not and all the elements
rejected I mean that's just the reality
of it and
and and now you know the Trump
administration is narrowed the
legitimate claims for asylum because
they don't want even people to come in
Legally either right this whole policy
they want
in fact the immigration bills that are
coming through Congress one of the big
things that is the sticking point and
why the Democrats are lined up against
it pretty much across the board I mean
I've been surprised how well they've
held on this is that it really goes
after legal immigration and that is of
course Jeff Sessions you know great you
know wet dream is to end legal
immigration he's put that on paper he
said it outright that he put a plan out
in 2015 as a guideline for the Democrat
for the Republican people running for
office in 2016 this is what we should do
and it was he calls it a quote pause in
legal immigration basically it's
shutting the doors to everyone including
workers including you know doctors
including refugees from everywhere it's
just no more we can't wait because they
won't quote assimilate which is just
absolute utter nonsense it's ridiculous
I mean America is the one country in on
the planet and I really thought for you
know my whole life I thought you know
the one thing America's got going for it
but then one thing that is its true
strength is that in an age of
globalization where the world has gotten
very small all people movement people
are migrating like crazy all the time
right we had the capacity to be able to
deal with that because our culture was
essentially with many you know problems
over the years with nativism and
what-have-you but for the most part we
did this better than anybody which was
we were able to welcome people of
different cultures and we all kind of
you know we just dealt with that because
you know we'd go through our issues and
then we relaxed and it would all be you
know it was America and that and we were
good at that and that meant we had this
tremendous advantage economically
culturally everything because places
like Europe where people have been
living little villages in France you
know their their great great great great
great grandfather's lived in the same
village for them having Muslims come and
live in their town is truly a jarring
and unprecedent
thing that's just not true in this
country we've been through these waves
of immigrants we kind of have we have a
sort of muscle memory of how this goes
and and you know the the the real
problem in this country is being
manufactured by the right wing because
they are afraid they've become a white
party pretty much 100% white and they
are they are desperately afraid that
they are going to be a minority and
they're never going to have political
power you know that I mean I mean and I
think I would imagine most everyone
listening to us you know knows that on
some level but when you think about and
maybe it's also just sort of like you
know from where I I sit but the amount
the relentlessness that we hear in and
not just coming from the right right I
mean like the sort of like they sort of
like maybe unsorted in plication in the
the mainstream political press like this
notion of like Democrats you know and
pandering to the left being a pandering
to these different groups of people and
the the Republican Party is so bound up
in white identity politics that it's I
mean it is it's they're so bound up in
it that it's almost like it's like mning
out everything else it's almost like the
Sun like you don't notice the Sun as you
walk around unless you look up and say
it's just like oh it is light like
they're they're the the entire essence
of their project is bound up in the fact
that they are all white party that is
that among everything from you know
every every element of every move they
make is bound up in that reality they
are so defined by that in so many ways
