you're calling from a 5:1 three area
code who are you where you're calling
from
hey it's Gabe from Ohio hey Gabe what's
going on yeah I was just talking oh I
was thinking about what you guys were
talking about yesterday with regards to
Elizabeth Warren whether she she was
going to run and whether that be a good
thing or not
that was actually kind of concerning to
me as like a longtime listener to you
guys and what you say well yeah just to
say Who I am
I'm a self-professed I guess communists
from the Frankfurt School who believes
in kind of cyber communism that's the
way forward yeah I feel like if you
support Elizabeth Warren who herself
declares herself as a I'm a capitalist
is like the wrong way to kind of think
about the approach of what needs to be
done going kind of further into the
future as to our kind of movement
let me see end it yeah I mean I'm not
not to interrupt you but can I just do a
little place holding here oh yeah at
least as far as everybody here and
actually Sam - the number one preference
as far as I understand is definitely
Bernie Sanders so oh yeah
that's clear I guess the other thing is
that I don't know man like when you're
talking about a presidential race and
you're talking about the context of the
shifting nature of American politics and
what's happening inside the Democratic
Party there's still no question that
Elizabeth Warren is leagues ahead of
other choices that are in the field so I
you know and I also like if your nuke
sort of metric for a presidential
candidate is whether they identify as
anti-capitalist I you know I don't think
we're there yet in this process so
that's why I want to get into
specifically okay because the reform
movement must stay entirely free of
capitalist influence and the reason why
is be
I guess the perfect way to see where you
guys are in terms of reading of the
history of how we got here in terms of
your awareness of let's say like
monopoly cop captive monopoly capitalism
would you say that the New Deal
during the FDR period of time was
sustainable from an economic standpoint
sustainable from the economic standpoint
what do you mean specifically by that
yeah so one of the main economic drivers
for success in a an economy is capital
investment and one of the things that is
persistent in a monopoly capitalism that
kind of emerged in the late 1800s Early
1900s kind of persistent stagnation
within the economy and the need for this
unending growth its persistent growth
okay I love said okay I'm sorry but just
stay on the New Deal so are you saying
that that wouldn't be sustainable
ecologically or economically
economically because you you're still
working within the capitalist structure
that needs continuous growth because of
the business cycle okay when you have
this kind of okay I understand so it's
Roggin link draw the link to elizabeth
warren and what your concern is now yeah
so you got imagine let's say elizabeth
warren gets in she was capitalist she
wants to work within the system if any
kind of labor and let's say she gets
labor behind her to support her mm-hmm
any laborious government to rise to any
kind of political cramp reminisce is
their basic dissolution would be almost
certain so I just don't know why you
would support someone who's wait I'd
never leave well I don't I don't I don't
this is - this is way too T illogical
for me
so I will read the RIA I mean I guess
the reality is as as far and you know
then jump in her in a second Jamie but
like I don't know like first of all the
New Deal for all of its flaws that we
could endlessly catalog and critique and
some of them are important to critique
and understand and some of them are
pretty contextual I benefited tens of
millions of people actually more because
it still benefits people today there's
literally still programs that have
people in significantly improved
material look at the makeup of the
federal workforce look at the makeup the
federal workforce look at social secur
mean you know all of the vital social
programs that came out at that time as
well as some advancements in labor
rights so rural electrification I mean
it just goes on and on and on and on now
you have a moment now where I think if
you were to say is what Elizabeth Warren
is proposing is it the sort of broader
democratization of the economy that
someone like me would both ideologically
want and think is necessary in the long
term
no no although undoubtedly what she's
pushing for even like as an example with
the putting workers on boards would
start to really significantly
reconfigure people's expectation sets
and also open up a know whole new
horizon of possibility in policy and
that's a good thing inevitably and also
by the way in terms of like negotiating
with capitalism and dealing with
capitalism you know it's the same
applies to Bernie Sanders like I agree
that Bernie Sanders has more of a class
analysis and I think he really is more
of like a euro Social Democrat than
Elizabeth Warren which I certainly
prefer but there's no you know there's
no like communist option here and also
if we're being real we don't even know
what that even means we don't have we
can point to specific successes in
specific
areas you know whether it be Sweden or
Cuba in certain areas there's also a lot
of failures and we still don't know what
the model is so I just academic David
Harvey talked about that
the failure of the left being the enact
in adequacy to effectually paint the
picture of what that would look like but
there's a lot of people coming up with
new ideas but I know that but we find
them yeah I I know in terms like actual
policy but let Jamie talk yeah yeah yeah
Jamie hi so I agree with you in part I
think you know capitalism is not
sustainable it needs to end it's going
to end probably it's going to be crushed
under the weight of its own
contradictions and the left needs to be
prepared so when this crisis does happen
it can go we can transition to a
socialist society and not the horrible
neo feudalist society that we seem to be
sliding towards right now and that we
would certainly slide into if the crisis
came today which is why I'm not an
acceleration ax stiff anything I'm a
deceleration is because I've spent
enough time on the left to know that we
are not even close to ready for that so
capitalism you end that said does this
wave of social democracy and of social
democracy within booj Y electoral
politics does that move us closer to
being ready does it move us closer does
this help us build a Popular Front and I
think it's honestly it's too early to
tell still I'm skeptical of it for a lot
of different reasons I think I have a
more overarching view of how change
happens throughout history like we got
the New Deal
not because FDR was nice and gave it to
us but because there was massive unrest
and popular uprisings in the ruling
class was scared that they were going to
lose everything so in that way that's
true got with forms as concessions
that's true but there was also a part of
the ruling class that wanted to
instigate a military coup because they
were so pissed that what FDR was doing
like yeah it wasn't easy it was a very
tricky compromise that he broke yeah but
it's right and so I agree of course
would have happened without you Jake I
gotta give him some credit but like I
think one mistake that people make today
on the social-democratic left is they
see the reforms as the horizon whereas
if you want even these kinds of fairly
mild reforms you need to have a horizon
that is much much farther and you get
these reforms as concessions the for the
reforms expand the horizon well that's
that's the idea and also like I'm open
to the arguments for the simple reason
that nothing has worked yet to bring
about lasting global socialism so in
that way I'm sort of agnostic on
electoral ISM I will say at least the
idea is when the DSA for example works
with candidates like Alexandria Ocasio
cortes like Bernie Sanders they create
an opening to talk about class politics
in the mainstream in a way that we have
not seen in decades and decades and sort
of empower people to ask for more we
also build our base that way once people
get interested in class politics maybe
they join an organization maybe they
just form a union at their workplace
maybe they just become active in their
communities so beyond any actual reforms
that we might get from these politicians
which I think might be fairly minimal
but we'll see that's that's the idea
that's what we're getting out of it and
I think it certainly didn't hurt what
your background what's your background
gave in terms of like class or money
yeah so like in regards to like
awareness where you're coming from I
mean not to like put you on the spot I
mean don't say more than you feel
comfortable with but I like like pretty
comfortable know just like how did you
grow up were you pretty well-off or were
you was a tougher but what was it I
would say lower middle class public
schools you know state colleges law
school MBA they've lost all I can be
alone I guess I guess partially what
comes up for me in these conversations
is but
hardly reason I can never make it to
abstract is because I you know and I'm
obviously relatively speaking like
countless people have been through way
more than like me and every like I'm not
putting stuff out there and some type of
big melodramatic way but it's like if
you even know the difference in a very
mundane level something that's not you
know we're gonna sort of philosophize
and have grand narratives about this and
that but like the difference between the
funding of like home heating assistance
or not is the difference between whether
your family has heating or not in 15
degree whether or not it also makes from
Menino conversations that could skip
over the serious and significant
differences in people's lives right now
even with a difference between I mean my
god Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump let
alone what Elizabeth Warren is putting
on the table so that's part of why I get
frustrated with these conversations I
just can't be so abstracted and number
two I think I get I just don't I don't
see I think the idea that you wouldn't
see general momentum towards the left
even just in terms of Bernie Sanders
running a Social Democratic campaign has
skyrocketed like Jamie was saying the
interest in every variety of sort of
class politics and analysis possible and
the fact that we're even in a position
where there's some sort of debate and
sense of like not just oh my god will
any mildly progressive person run for
president it's actually like there's a
philosophical difference that could be
at stake in the Democratic Party
it might seem small but in the sweep of
at least modern political history those
are huge shifts well and those are
really significant that's not hard that
isn't disputable it is hard could I
address oh sorry oh sorry yeah like what
we've seen in the past is we have all
this great populist left energy and it
gets subsumed
by the Democratic Party unions became
completely subsumed by the Democratic
Party and returns to a sort of
stabilizing force in society when we
should be pushing even but that's
another challenge that we're all gonna
have to deal with be and that's not
going away that's never going away the
inclination of most people and it makes
total sense like most Union people were
like wow we have really good deals and
we enjoy living American middle-class
lives most people are not thinking about
revolution and this and now most people
are trying to enjoy themselves and
that's another thing in terms of meeting
people where they are in reality which
is really important well I guess what
the work of socialism is not just to do
what the majority wants consciously
right in this moment right because if
you put socialism to a vote right now it
would definitely lose its way more it's
way more than that it's more than that
but it's a very subtle interplay process
like we're not I'm not moving resources
to where they should go yeah move
resources where they should go and I do
not consider I for all my jokes I don't
consider myself a vanguard aside there's
a lot of problems about perspective one
example well okay that's the fundamental
problem is that you're eating of yours
it's good to talk about the distinction
of classes but you at the same time you
have to you have to talk about the
economic side of monopoly capitalism and
stagnation like those terms on your show
and on these politicians are not
discussed stagnation is a persistent
problem that requires consistent growth
and business cycle to succeed if you
want real economic growth within the in
regards to employment and all that you
need capital investments you need things
like not just a couple people from the
labor class on the boards you need like
half the board to be consisting of labor
in order to push through these capital
investment well that's actually very
very close to what she's proposing but
also the other thing about that from any
type of perspective but that runs up
against is the ecological limits of what
literally can be
and that's another which is not just a
problem not just a problem for
capitalist there has been no society in
our world some have done better than
others but even the ones that are the
most advanced still rely on very
extractive supply chains so and also the
next horizon you're talking about of
where the snake next fusion of untapped
primitive accumulation is going to come
through like a neo colonialism in Africa
which we see right now so you know
that's that's yeah and that's a very big
issue again but you definitely not going
to be relatively improved by you know
being concerned about what Elizabeth
Warren is putting on the table I I don't
think any of these things necessarily
have to conflict right like it is really
important for people to understand that
capitalism is not a sustainable system
right we are according to Marxist
economists I don't know that much about
visual economics so I probably can't
argue that
but according to Marxist economists and
I believe them we are in a crisis of
profitability and have been since the
1970s stagflation was not supposed to
happen right goosh my economist did not
understand it at all and they had to
turn to the Marxist to explain what the
hell was happening like you nam ik I
mean I 70s they kind of turned to
neoclassical to get out of it actually
well like that's what the policy that
they said the the economy has to keep
growing the definition of capital right
is Fowler self self valorizing value so
you put in money you turn into
commodities and then you come back with
more money now lately that has shifted
from what the limits of profits on
commodities it shifted to money just
money to money which is a new thing and
a lot of these profits are fictitious
capital which might not be as stable in
the long term but I was I gonna say
oh yeah like profits have continued to
grow there's been some growth in the
past few decades but a but only like it
it seems a lot less encouraging when you
consider the
fact that workers rights unions wages
all of his stuff have been steadily
eroded over that time right and now
places like Amazon are starting to hit a
wall where they've squeezed workers
about as much as they can so they need
to find surplus value some other way so
I think it's really important for people
to understand that aspect of it also I
think Elizabeth Warren was trolling a
little bit when she said she was a
capitalist right like she's she's
putting forth her social democratic
rights but I also have no doubt that
most people of the age of 50 considered
themselves to be capitalist or pro
market whatever that even mean I mean
it's it's a it's a very unfortunate lay
over from the Cold War
yes there I know people who are
extremely left like Sandinistas
solidarity very broadly socialist at a
left at Bernie that would still in a
certain age bracket not feel comfortable
saying that they're that they're not
capitalist and I'm also you know and
this is where I just get sort of bored
with like I don't know at a certain
point these definitions also get kind of
meaningless I don't think they can i
said they i said they can't I mean if
you think that like for instance the
stagnation problem or whatever has any
bearing on say Medicare for all know
yeah because social democracy only works
when rates of profit are high enough
this is the part that I find this is
where I get concern when marks the most
ultra Orthodox neoliberal why why is
that in the short term what no term
these reforms are obviously what needs
to happen in the long term I do not
believe that they're sustainable and I
think because you have a share in
neoclassical view of the economy what
does that mean that means when you say
that the rate of growth won't sustain
those programs that's echoing the most
extreme like you could find liberal and
moderate classical economists who would
not agree with that all right okay yes
stain okay so you have a very so when
capitalism empty yeah yeah all right
claim it now we could play out
Elizabeth Warren getting into power and
she promotes aggregate demand from the
consumer class in the form of are you
still there yep go ahead man all right
sorry so if she gets in you know hey
cash cycle of money give more money to
the poor so they can then buy stuff
business cycles increase growth so you
can also do that inform us take
consumption tax relief all going to the
poor whatever this would inherently just
create inflationary pressures which
would then only be countered by freezing
wages on some level agreed on by the
trade unions so that's a very that's a
very classical view you really think
that wow so you actually really think
you know mark you know but that's
literally like what the argument against
the original cereza plan and Greece was
that's an argument against any types of
these types of reforms that's what every
time you hear that on fox news they go
Zimbabwe or Greece or at least that's
what the easy where's them so that's
really what you think before I won't
know that I just want to be clear that's
what you're saying Gabe you think that
naturally a byproduct of that is those
types of inflation really within the
capitalist if you're working within the
capitalist society you have a private
Federal Reserve controlling that
inflation absolutely I mean your guy I
don't think that no I don't think that
that's I mean there's plenty of examples
where that's not borne out and in fact
the whole kind of big freak out about
inflation even when we had during the
early part of the Obama administration
that was one of the mean talking points
as to why there couldn't be a bigger or
second stimulus and there was nothing
