let's play a clip of someone who is not
a sane normal terrestrial human and I I
think this is important look far-right
Israeli politics have always been
important to track for several reasons
one because the reality of what modern
Israel is there is a siege in Gaza
there's an occupation in the West Bank
it is absolutely functionally an
apartheid state by any rational fair
reading of that word and if you are a
modern person of any variety I mean
there's one party in Israel there could
even be recognizable on a map of what we
would consider to be sort of like proper
Obama era Democratic opinion on
inclusion and that is the moretz party
which is considered to be quite to the
left of the Israeli spectrum and Bernie
Sanders has endorsed and aligned with
them very much to his credit and they
are not radical they're not by national
democracy people but they are very
strong in some ways on ending the
occupation and on equal civil rights for
Arabs inside Israel in which which is a
serious civil rights issue as well also
for Ethiopian and African Jewish people
as well there's real racial issues there
number two the and I'm not in any way
excusing like look the project of
occupation has absolutely been a broader
Israeli one that's cut across the
political map that said the Israeli
right and even connecting down to their
funding sources for people like Sheldon
Adelson and also a broader assault on
the Israeli safety net the Israeli
social model which does exist or did
exist I mean it's no Benjamin Netanyahu
is not only an ardent sort of you know
bigot and promoter of quote unquote
Greater Israel he's also a a prime
architect of Israeli Austin
and increase in an Israeli inequality so
when you track the Israeli far-right you
could see Trump coming you could see the
move of this kind of global ethno state
far-right nationalism and I certainly
say it as someone of partial you know
Jewish background it's it's it is
totally depressing to see a state that
of course you know was founded in a way
that displaced tens of thousands maybe
even hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians out of their homes and was
discriminatory and ethno State focus
from the beginning no doubt also on the
other hand of course was something that
arose from people who were victims of
one of the greatest genocides in global
history and it's quite depressing and
devastating that a group as historically
marginalized oppress and abuses Jews
that we could participate in this kind
of politics but at this point it just is
what it is
and we got to look at it through a
proper power lens and not an emotional
one and the final point I want to say is
that you know Ben Shapiro has gotten a
lot of energy the New York Times said he
was you know the cool kids philosopher
there's this notion that this kid is
some type of real rigorous thinker who
means something very different than it
did when I was in school yes I don't I
guess even if we're being super generous
I'm not getting the the cool factor here
by any remote stretch the imagination
but look so when the Trump
administration did this move to I'm
missing this sheet I haven't no I
printed it it was a sheet of a variety
of things that ben shapiro said about
arabs it's in the current affairs piece
by Nathan Robinson when they announced
that Jerusalem would be recognized as a
sole capital of Israel which is a
long-term goal of the right here and the
right in Israel it has led to outrage
and uprising the Middle East
it's formally solidified that obviously
the United States which is all we
Ben of course significantly pro-israel
across all administrations we are now
going to just sort of formally accept
that obviously we're not going to be any
type of arbiter for a two-state process
now the Tuesday process is absolutely
dead and the Palestinians in the West
Bank which were the only faction left
that had an even nominal or actually
really in fact quite serious commitment
to the 90s process they're saying what
the only obvious responses which is like
okay we're gonna live under your
occupation we're gonna demand full civil
voting and equal rights an end to
occupation which of course means that
the choice becomes apartheid or full
binational democracy for everybody
that's it and here has been Shapiro on
Fox News this morning really just
explaining the kind of fear-based utter
lack of any contextual information on
the issue in a kind of like broad casual
bigotry about Palestinians of which you
can pretty much not do with any other
group in modern American discourse
actually make the announcement so today
we're going to get it today officially
at one o'clock but it will remain a
divided city that won't change does that
bother you well I mean it will remain a
divided city because the fact is that
the the authorities have basically
allowed terrorism to to spread among the
Palestinians and East Jerusalem has
largely been been occupied by the same
people has been occupied poorer for the
last seven decades namely Muslim Muslims
who live there that that part of the
city is very dangerous it's been very
dangerous ever since I can remember long
before I was born
the fact is that when I visited Israel
for the first time when I was 16 years
old Israeli soldiers had to guard us as
we came out of the tunnels under the
Western Wall into East Jerusalem which
again the capital of Israel if you are a
Jew and you walk into East Jerusalem
your life is in danger if you're an Arab
when you walk in West Jerusalem there's
no problem at all which signifies
exactly why you rusul 'm should be under
Jewish control actually that's totally
not true I'm going to say that several
years ago in a analogous security
situation has not gotten significantly
it's gotten a bit worse I was in East
Jerusalem I stayed there I had a lot of
falafels and people really nice and
absolutely nothing happened it was a
falafel type of attack from behind it
was an attack from a ten year old
Palestinian kid who was serving me at
his dad's restaurant I need to be
protected by an IDF officer who promptly
broke the kids limbs in front of me so I
could feel safe and then you know look
Palestinians are safe in Jewish areas
inside the occupied West Bank there are
Jewish settler groups that also engage
in terrorism as recognized by the State
Department almost always with IDF
soldiers at the very least looking the
other way there are systemic abuses of
Palestinian children there's even a new
motion in Congress finally by a
congresswoman in Minnesota actually
address it that's how bad it's become
there's different roads inside these
territories and we're not talking about
Jerusalem anymore but back in the
occupied territories which could only be
thought of as analogous to the Jim Crow
South an inside greater Israel inside
Israel inside 67 borders there has been
far-right thug movements that have
targeted not only Arab Israelis but also
as I say people from Jewish backgrounds
but from Ethiopia and in broader Africa
and there's pieces of legislation that
were being drafted up to target even
Israelis that might just be inclined
towards being members of a peace
movement as an example so this is just
complete nonsense and yes there's
soldiers all over the place and
sometimes there are attacks and that's
terrible
there's nothing compared to what
happened in the Intifada during cherone
not even remotely and in fact at this
point
Hamas barely even engages in these
activities anymore itself well you see
mostly recently is kind of like random
acts of violent desperation which is we
always say are inexcusable and can
always be contextualized for being
serious about understanding the issue
and I just want to say I mean look this
is and Ben Shapiro has a you know
obviously a you know races their racism
is done because Jim Crow has done and
black people have bad culture and all
the kind of usual tropes that I guess
you'd expect from a cool kid philosopher
but I do think that you know and I'm I'm
not looking for this on my phone so
please bear with me because I lost the
sheep but this really just needs to be
said and this is Nathan Robinson from
current affairs and Dathan Robinson
makes a very smart point that you know
Ben Shapiro and a lot of these guys now
do the pre-emptive move which is like oh
you're just gonna call me racist you're
just gonna call me a bigot now yeah I
think sometimes people are definitely on
too much of a hair-trigger with those
words even when we're rightly calling
something out we still need to do the
legwork
so what Nathan Robinson is doing in this
great piece the quote unquote cool kids
philosopher and current affairs which
I'll tweet out again later and what I'll
do here is we're gonna call a Ben
Shapiro certainly I consider him
absolutely a racist towards Arabs
probably towards black people as well
and it's because when you say things
like Israelis like to build Arabs like
the bomb crap and live in open sewage
that's a racist statement and I'll
explain to you why if I need to because
first of all you're making a broader
innate claim about two broad categories
of people which is demeaning and insane
to begin with secondly you're referring
to photos of bombed out Arab Palestinian
villages where yes in fact people might
be living in complete squalor because
they don't have access to things like
medical care and because white
phosphorus has been dropped on Gaza
which has like a population density of
Queens I think that plenty of
Palestinians would be quite happy to
build if they were given the opportunity
and in fact the West Bank even by you
know Tom Friedman standards and run by
not only Palestinians who have not
allowed terrorism to flourish under
they're sort of quasi semi-autonomous
control which is he claimed before them
the Palestinians in the West Bank have
implemented every type of neoliberal
economic orthodoxy you could imagine and
of course it hasn't solved a lot of
problems but it certainly has led to a
lot of building things I've been to
Ramallah and it would shock you how many
hotels and cafes and things are in that
place even under a place of complete non
autonomy and occupation and then you
know of course you know he's talking
about seeing children in Gaza swim in
sewage and Nathan Robinson says it would
be like saying wow Haitians must really
love dying in earthquakes since a lot of
them seem to have done it and he goes I
am reliably informed that Shapiro is a
master of logic so I'm sure that there's
more to this than mere simple-minded
prejudice back to Robinson
Shapiro's thoughts about Arabs are all
along similar lines usually
conservatives are careful to draw a
distinction they are not condemning an
ethnicity but rather in hiren stew an
ideology we're very familiar with a lot
of people who play that game namely
Islamism not so with Shapiro for him the
only problem is not Islamism or Islam
writ large
it's Arabs the quote this is back to
Shapiro the arab-israeli conflict may be
accurately described as a war between
darkness and light those who argue
against Israeli settlement outposts of
light in a dark territory argue for the
continued victory of night Arabs value
murder while Israelis value life where
light fails dull a darkness engulfs and
those outposts of light are the in many
cases you're talking about ultra
right-wing settlers who rip up plants
and trees that Palestinian farmers have
cultivated for ages they're talking
about people in some cases you know
flying in from Brooklyn throwing rocks
at Palestinian children and bulldozing
their farms
I guess that's an outpost of light and
of course Palestinians have engaged in
terrorism
of course there's many problems inside
Palestinian internal politics this is
why we don't make categorical stupid
statements about any group of people
otherwise but we recognize reality that
there is a fundamental asymmetry and
even with at the times and it hasn't
been this way for quite some time going
back to at least 2002 2003 when yes
there really was a drumbeat of Hamas
atrocities inside still a broader
context of Israeli oppression and
occupation there is no reality based
assessment of that situation that does
not recognize the fundamental asymmetry
of power there and the casualness of
racism in the discourse here in powers
and move that is so reckless that even
the Saudis and they partially have to
because of their position but they've
strenuously
condemned it even as the Trump and the
royal family were running interference
for each other since the beginning of
the administration well people like John
Kerry or a who'd Olmert or a who'd
Barack for that matter have said about
the Israeli situation becoming or being
an apartheid state and losing any type
of international legitimacy and respect
is basic observable reality and why the
New York Times quote unquote cool-kid
philosopher would fail to understand
that with his Aristotelian logic
maybe requires a follow-up piece in The
Times hi folks Sam cedar here we still
need your help on our patreon page
YouTube abs have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
