okay so you have outlined how this was
kept under control under what some call
the great compression where we had the
least amount of income inequality and
probably on some level wealth inequality
to that we've had in this country and
the the method in which that took place
was was redistribution we had taxes that
at the upper end after a certain amount
became almost confiscatory I guess or
arguably confiscatory but that was after
like the first three million or so that
you would you would make as a couple
right
right your idea to fix this is is
different yes so if we look back at the
middle of the 20th century which which
in terms of economic equality was a
heroic year in US history because of
those redistributed taxes the problem
was those taxes could not be sustained
over time and they couldn't be sustained
in the in Britain either and you know in
several of the European countries that
the basic problem is as rich people take
those 90 percent plus tax rates as a
personal affront and they pound on those
rates and pound on those rates and pound
on those rates and until they until they
knock them down it and we haven't been
able to figure out a way to make those
tax rates sustainable and at the basic
assumption that we made in the middle of
the 20th century that an economy creates
inequality but we can clean that
equality up with progressive taxes that
was just inadequate well we need to
challenge that basic assumption and we
need to prevent the economy from
generating inequality in the first place
and I think that's where I mean
progressives opinion shifting and some
people call that pre distribution
we need to care about pre distribution
of wealth as much as its redistribution
we need to vent inequality from taking
hold and and and and part of the failure
of those tax rates is that it is the
it's also obscure I mean the tax code is
so complicated that it's sort of
difficult for your average American it
seems to me to to be aware of just how
eroded those taxes have become and then
by the time they realize this they lack
the political power because wealth
inequality has gotten so out of control
exactly there's a basic political
asymmetry here that the rich rich folks
can see a direct personal interest in
intense direct personal interest in
reducing top rates and average folks I
was working folks just don't have that
direct personal but you know interest in
that thing that they that they benefit
from greater equality more indirect ways
and so with given that basic political
it symmetry and giving wealth at the top
you know they prevail they lower those
tax rates so we need to go for an
alternative
okay so pre distribution how how would
we go about pre distribution well this
to me is the fun part because there is a
politically plausible path forward to
going ahead pre distribution and that
politically plausible path revolves
around the power of the public purse
right now tens of billions of our tax
dollars go to corporations that are
expanding that or increasing inequality
by paying their top executives
phenomenally more than what they pay
their workers so it's time any of us
believe to cut off that spigot that is
to deny federal government and state
government contracts to corporations
that pay their executives top executives
over 25 or 50 times what their average
workers are
it's time to end government subsidies to
corporations that pay their top
executives disproportionately more than
their workers it's time to tax those
corporations that have wildly unequal
internal pastes in systems at higher
rates than corporations with more narrow
pay device and if we go down that we can
make a huge difference and that you know
the great news is is that we've already
taken one step down that path this year
for the first time ever in the United
States corporations must officially
disclosed the ratio between what they
pay there's their CEO and what they pay
their median or a most typical worker
and those those statistics column have
been coming out since March they'll be
coming on goal this year they'll be
coming out every year from from from
from now on and we can tie those ratios
into legislation that leverages the
power of the public purse and that too
has begun this year the city of Portland
the second largest city in the Pacific
Northwest Portland Oregon has a new tax
on the books and if your major
corporation doing business in Portland
you net now pay a business business tax
at Portland Larry's at a higher rate
that corporations that have a narrow pay
gap
okay so we have and we should say that
the the statistics on these ratios is a
function of dodd-frank we I have to say
that I'm surprised they didn't roll that
back in the last assault on dodd-frank
well did corporate America fought very
hard actually is provision in the 2010
dodd-frank act the dodd-frank act is
hundreds and hundreds of pages long this
is one tiny provisions in that act and
corporate America you know fell asleep
it's a lobbying the switch and and sort
of let this slip through once they
realized after the bill was signed that
was in there they devoted huge amounts
of resources to killing it but the labor
movement and the Public Interest
community community fought back and we
were able to preserve it and it and went
into effect this year okay so now we
have at least some measure of this of
this information I presumably it's it's
for public companies and the vast
majority I would imagine that these
companies are companies that we're
talking about the CEOs so we have three
essential
three essential levers here right
government contracts both on the state
and federal level that is is that I mean
I know that by executive action for
instance the Obama administration
imposed not restrictions on the on that
ratio but would not hand out government
contracts to people who had been in the
past may be involved in wage theft or or
other I guess you know maybe you've got
to pay a minimum wage right a higher
minimum wage so right so that mechanism
it has been has been used and it's and
again we're not legislating what the pay
is we're simply saying you're not
eligible for certain government benefits
or contracts if you don't comport with
this it's almost like leveraging you
don't get federal highway funds unless
you're drinking age is 21 which the guy
Ryan has done between states and the
federal government would these contracts
this would have to be the statutory as
opposed to executive action right
because Donald Trump will get in office
and on day one he would say we're
getting rid of that right yes yes it has
to be statutory and and that's the route
that the advocacy community is going at
both at the federal level and the state
level we have five states right now that
have where legislation has been
introduced that that goes
at this congressman saw me from
California has a bill that would tax
corporate on the federal level has a
bill that would tax corporations at a
higher rate if they have a wide pay
ratio and we're now dealing with several
standard offices on I'm writing
legislation that isn't that is more
omnibus that covers all three areas that
you just mentioned and well we're
hopeful that that could be at the
beginning of the 2019 congressional
session without an omnibus bill that
will be introduced do you find I mean
let me ask you I mean do you what why
and I guess these aren't mutually
exclusive proposals but why not also you
know impact like the the you know stock
buybacks have been implicated in that
that's skyrocketing CEO pay because yeah
they own stocks they buy them back they
increase the value of it and also the
capital gains tax which I guess falls
into that that category of like it's
just there's not enough opportunity for
political will because you know most
people don't deal with the capital gains
tax your average American in current
doesn't doesn't make their money through
money and so these aren't mutually
exclusive proposals but what do you
what's your sense about how how much
leverage you get with this proposal
politically like is our people more
sensitive to these things because yet
yes I think so and there's a fascinating
incredibly fascinating Gallup poll that
came out this this past spring six years
ago and then again this spring Gallup
asked a question under the United States
States benefit from having a class of
rich people very basic question back in
2012 the majority of Democrats said yes
United States does benefit from having a
class of rich people
this time in 2018 the majority of
Democrats said no the United States does
not benefit from having to class people
so either from a class of rich people so
I think on that the public is beginning
to see that when we allow wealth to
concentrated at a reckoning I'm a summit
we are asking for trouble
as a society and I think that gives me
this of these maximum wage type
proposals that we've been talking about
enormous political cash a people do not
want to see their tax dollars wasted and
they particularly don't want to see
their tax dollars subsidizing rich
people in our society I mean I
the from a proposal standpoint this is
great and I understand why it's referred
to as maximum wage but what are what are
they how are they when they talk about
like an omnibus bill of this right like
where we're going to deal with all of
the government contracts all the
government subsidies all the government
tax breaks that we give to corporation a
we're going to eliminate those unless
corporation a puts its worker of CEO
ratio a pay ratio unless it comports
with this what do they call that I'm not
just curious because I feel like maximum
wage is going to set off some alarm
bells but you know say you know what you
know right no tax subsidies for wealth
inequality is right the slogan that we
talk about is capped a gap cap the gap
limit the divide that separates our top
corporate executives from the work from
people who work at those corporations
cap the gap and it and that movement is
growing internationally so in the UK
jeremy corbyn's
Labour Party one of its key proposals is
to deny cover men contracts
to any corporations that pay the workers
that pay their CEOs top executives over
20 times what their workers receive I'm
gonna work on that one I'm not sure I'm
on board with cap the gap as a slogan I
gotta say Sam but I but but I the so
what of what of people who say like what
but if you do this Sam you're not you're
going to lose you're gonna lose this
class of wealthy people and then we
won't get good things like new hospitals
that are named after them or wings of a
museum or I mean where does what what of
the arguments that you hear like look
these are huge drivers of philanthropy I
mean Bill Gates spent 700 million
dollars on on on school reform program I
mean didn't work out but but we don't
they bought that philanthropy is a major
argument I mean it has been on since the
initial Gilded Age you know if we don't
let wealth concentrate at the top we
won't have filling throughout throughout
their contributions and we won't have
great foundations doing wonderful things
but when you actually look at that
charities and philanthropy you see a
whole different side set of dynamics so
average people in the United States
actually give a higher share of their
disposable income to charity than rich
people if we want to really help
charities we'd be putting more dollars
in the pockets of average Americans and
then if you look at the chatting of
so-called charitable contributions and
rich people make the biggest single
recipient to those of contributions
it isn't enterprises that that help
people in need it's the armor the elite
colleges and universities that that rich
people come from so we have in Princeton
for instance dormitories with mahogany
window sills and that that are been
built by the young look at the
contribution
from our from our super-rich and that's
you know that's called charity and they
can take donations for that we have
vanity wings of art museums at the same
time schools can't afford to hire art
music teachers you know it is absolutely
important you know crazy that that
philanthropy is not helping the United
States get better and then you mentioned
Bill Gates and his education policies we
have a democracy in this country or
which we hope we have a democracy in
this country and that is subverted that
is distorted when rich people can get
charitable deductions for money that
they throw into their policies and
impose on the rest of us because of
their wealth so that that when you look
closer at that you know that that that
philanthropic rationale for great
fortunes it just falls apart Sam
Piscotty the book is the case for the
maximum for a maximum wage we will put a
link to that at majority report
radio.com thank you so much for your
time today I really appreciate it
