during this period at the Department of
Education my working relationship with
Judge Thomas was positive I had a good
deal of responsibility and independence
I thought he respected my work and that
he trusted my judgment after
approximately three months of working
there he asked me to go out socially
with him what happened next
and telling the world about it are the
two most difficult things experiences of
my life it is only after a great deal of
agonizing consideration and sleepless
number a great number of sleepless
nights that I am able to talk of these
unpleasant matters to anyone but my
close friends I declined the invitation
to go out socially with him and
explained to him that I thought it would
jeopardize at what at the time I
consider to be a very good working
relationship I had a normal social life
with other men outside of the office I
believed then as now that having a
social relationship with a person who
was supervising my work would be
ill-advised I was very uncomfortable
with the idea and told himself I thought
that by saying no and explaining my
reasons my employer would abandon his
social suggestions however to my regret
in the following few weeks he continued
to ask me out on several occasions he
pressed me to justify my reasons for
saying no to him these incidents took
place in his office or mine they were in
the form of private conversations which
not would not have been overheard by
anyone else my working relationship
became even more strained when Judge
Thomas began to use work situations to
discuss sex
on these occasions he would call me into
his office for reports on education
issues and projects or he might suggest
that because of the time pressures of
his schedule we go to lunch to a
government cafeteria after a brief
discussion of work he would turn the
conversation to a discussion of sexual
matters his conversations were very
vivid he spoke about acts that he had
seen in pornographic films involving
such matters as women having sex with
animals and films showing group sex or
rape scenes he talked about pornographic
materials depicting individuals with
large penises or large breasts involved
in various sex acts on several occasions
Thomas told me graphically of his own
sexual prowess because I was extremely
uncomfortable talking about sex with him
at all
and particularly in such a graphic way I
told him that I did not want to talk
about these subjects
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
friends comrades enemies and opponents
we are broadcasting live from Brooklyn
USA we're left as best as it is
everywhere else with super producer Matt
luck hello chief economist David Grisman
how's it going super do sir david Slovak
roaming the digitus fear and the ever
aggressive ever growing of a relevant T
MBS universe on this week's program crew
Ilona makovski she returns we talk about
the parallels between Anita Hill
Clarence Thomas Brett Kavanaugh and
taking down prep school villainy the
scumbags that shape our world from high
school dorm assaults to the assault on
workers women and everyone else in the
Supreme Court get to that with alona
plus a jam-packed postgame got a shout
out McDonald's workers across the
country taking aim at that company's
villainy how it reflects the broader
global economy Plus Wall Street is
hummin the real economy not so much risk
comes on it
mat less got a regulation some dumb dumb
he's bothering on Twitter but there's
lessons in Twitter villainy twitter
twitter vigilante kinda in a certain
sense matt i would say your twitter of
it vigilante desperado its wit her test
barato
plus we've got to get to joe rogan
peddling the white farmer death myth and
south africa what is that really about
and a whole lot more
let's and I think we're gonna be
resented saying an old friend to the
gulag all that and a whole lot more on
the Michael Brooks show but first let's
start with some breaking news Matt if I
may have the board socialists wear
fashionable clothes own homes and even
receive salaries all this in we have
three discrete pieces of evidence
including Bernie Sanders wearing a warm
coat during the winter owning two homes
and Jeremy Corbyn receiving I think
humid of Lee since the 1980s a
government salary of three million
pounds because shockingly even though he
claims to be a socialist he still drew a
salary as a member of the United
Kingdom's Parliament now I am as shocked
as the rest of you by these unbelievable
portrayals of socialist value in
principles and it just gets worse from
here here is FoxNews exposing Alexandria
Acacio Cortes shocking she has the right
to do in a free country and this is what
she said the Socialists run the Bronx
she said hey go ahead get the all right
doesn't seem to understand the concept
of magazine shoots B you don't get to
keep the clothes duh and see I don't
pretend to fight for a living wage or
Medicare for all I do it Oh D get used
to me slang looks because I'm an
excellent thrift shop tur we should just
say that she's responding to a crappy
charlie Kirk between that's big how
we'll get well but yeah we'll get to it
but basically she did a photo shoot for
Vogue I believe is according to
urbandictionary.com
a an outfit that you put extra care into
so my look today is a $50 Ross Dress for
Less we've dropped a dress for Less
outfit so I'm gonna be slaying these
looks to wow she is slaying the $3,500 I
bet you that's not the average cost of a
dress on
I'm gonna be very comfortable with not
taking up that bet because there's
almost no chance that you're wrong about
that so what does all this reveal it
reveals that the latest track and by the
way Thank You Fox News for doing more
incredibly good coverage of Alexandria
Acacio cortes showing her being
fashionable funny relatable and of
course advocating for policies that
would make almost all Americans lives
immeasurably better
thanks a lot Fox News consider it
continues to be a great PR shop for the
promising young socialist politician in
addition to that this whole meme which
is trotted out by the far right it's
trotted out by brain-dead Hillary
neoliberal types that socialism somehow
means an act of personal sacrifice and
act of putting on a hairshirt
moral pen penance some people with great
politics make this mistake too they
think that socialist politics is a sort
of question of one self-cleansing ones
moral posturing we do see this on
everywhere from unfortunate woke Twitter
tirades to an obsessive attention to
details with one's own consumer
purchases unfortunately it's actually
quite the opposite rather fortunately
it's rather quite the opposite what
we're trying to do as socialists is
democratize access to the goods of
society so that more people can live an
abundant comfortable materially secure
and even materially enjoyable lifestyle
and we also know that while of course
people's personal decisions and there's
nothing wrong with being mindful and
making choices about which companies you
support on a relative scale some
companies are more flagrant abusers than
others and where your dollars can
intervene practically you should let
them but we also know that we are
ultimately not consumers making choices
that drive politics we are actually
ultimately political beings trying to
democratize an economy so that we can
all have a more robust democratized and
fully lived life
these silly ridiculous retrograde memes
play on some left-wing mythology in the
United States that leftist politics is a
church that it's an act of spiritual
cleansing and moral self-righteousness
not a collective endeavor for robust
engagement in material advancements and
real concrete solidarity across all
lines and it also plays into some of the
most lazy pathetic right-wing tropes
that somebody can't advocate for
everybody to have health care for
everybody to have a living wage for
everybody in fact to own their own
economic destinies and enjoy nice
sneakers speaking about myself
incredibly high-grade ganja huh mm-hmm
super producer and leather jackets and
beer all of us actually this meme has to
die and we can laugh at the people on
the right and the people in the
neoliberal Center pushing the Spartan
fantasy but we have to root out our own
ideas that politics is an act of moral
self cleansing and moral posturing it's
an act of concrete advancement that we
unite across class boundaries on and by
the way if we look at the Middle East or
Africa and great socialist anti-colonial
movements there was actually a lot of
great strategy that was devised and
emancipatory political vision that was
generated by people smoking hookahs
smoking cigarettes and drinking really
good coffee so we should only do our
best to live up to that version of latte
socialism this is a politics that of
course will remind 'full of the
ecological burdens which are not about
personal consumption but the extraction
of capitalism wants to put the best
cigars have everybody have access to the
best soccer fields basketball courts
tennis courts even golf courses for
everybody it's not about deprivation
it's about democratization let's drop
that myth and let's keep hoping that Fox
is stupid enough to keep running
segments where AOC and other socialists
are charming on the right side of the
issues and looking good while you
apparently think that only aging sexual
harasser x' and other predators should
have health care and retirement savings
you know if you raise taxes high enough
owning things becomes patriotic indeed
like if let's say you had to pay just if
bernie on a second house right it was
just a huge amount good on the second
house i think that actually would help
he employed a lot of people he actually
did the thing that they're always
banging on about which is the infamous
nonsense trickle-down but look if you
spend your whole life working to deliver
rights to people and you want to build
an extra cabin for your family awesome
well they're this is not the issue there
is yeah exactly like if we are working
for people right right generally if
you're in the purest sense of terms you
want to be you you want to be delivering
for people that that would be you know
met by some success in the marketplace
is not a complete surprise like you have
to keep it in in within you know limits
but well I think what would I'm more
interested in than anything is that on
the Left we know we need to be much more
serious about being way more fun and
it's way more if you look at the history
of you know even like going back to Karl
Marx you know he was you know in many
senses like a complete drunkard and
enjoyed very nice wines and good cigars
and that goes all the way through the
socialist tradition and it's only I feel
like you know in a lot of these new or
us movements that there's this kind of
rigidity and this kind of like moral
sentiment of like taking like the worst
possible food and drink it's like no
like socialism should be social and the
critique of things that are you know too
expensive and are out of reach for most
working people isn't that nobody
shouldn't have them is that we should
make sure that all these things are
available to everybody and a large
amount of spirit and abundance incidence
of everybody doing well because thrift
it's really a middle class virtue it
talking from my for myself as someone
who grew up very poor poor people would
throw epic parties all the time and they
would have nice stuff when they could
afford it because you never know when
the next time you're gonna have the
opportunity for it and we shouldn't you
know take on with us this kind of more
middle-class version of thrift and
instead take on the kind of
revolutionary Liberatore spirit of fun
and excess which is socialism in its
best sense of my own get out indeed
let's continue with socialism in all the
best senses we got to get to the
shoutout do we have the illustrious DJ
Tanner huge track and we're back welcome
Alex Jones fan
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Alex Jones pedals nonsense conspiracy
theories in and as a great
broadcaster and he does it on behalf of
his own businesses but also whether
intentionally or not on behalf of the
oligarchs that run the global economy
and I'm sure they would object to what
we're recognizing today which is brave
incredibly this is actually very this
will be a real mood shift because this
is really intense it's really disgusting
what's happening and it's incredibly
brave and exemplary what these workers
in these women are doing the fight for
15 has a new nationwide strike going on
against McDonald's McDonald's one of the
most predatory companies in the country
and one of the most predatory industries
in the world and these new walk outs
focus specifically on sexual harassment
at these companies at McDonald's
branches these women at a protest I
don't know where they are I believe I
don't know what city they're located in
and Chicago they're gonna talk about why
they're out marching why they're walking
out and their experiences I want to keep
in mind that all of these experiences
are you know chilling disturbing
disgusting an absolute indictment of
McDonald's for those of you who are
listening one of the woman speaking is
15 years old they're all incredibly
young and we want to recognize the
bravery of these women and the vital
work of the fight for 15 going up
against this company
[Applause]
appreciative of you and I work at
McDonald's I am here to tell you that
this company has a sexual harassment
problem conceal Madonna's record I
started working at my story in st. Louis
Missouri 2017 almost immediately one of
my male co-workers began to section
recipe Network
I told him I was interested because his
behavior only got worse because not sure
I repeatedly experienced sexual
harassment
while we're connect McDonald's it first
began when one of the male co-workers
and I struck up a photonic friendship
but soon if she began verbally harassing
me and even grabbing my breasts and
perforated areas at work experience
harassment and McDonald's not just once
but twice last fall a manager repeatedly
made sexual comments towards me he
talked about my body included telling me
I had it he told me I had a nice body
and a big butt and telling me to leave
my boyfriend because he was a manager I
felt trapped
I felt like I had no choice but to
tolerate his comments about my body and
the PC he would do some he made me
deeply uncomfortable I refused his
advances and tried to warn him but he
would not stop when I reported the
problem I recorded his behavior to the
general manager but nothing was done
when I told my manager you take him
seriously he just said you and everyone
is back McDonald's a multi-billion
dollar company
they don't care none of these companies
care and they don't care about every
form of abuse whether it's the wages the
exploitation and the abuse of every
category obviously in this case an
extension of revelations and movement
out of me to the specific abuses of
sexual harassment in this industry they
don't care and this is a battle you're
never going to win is in fact the
explicit policy of the entire Republican
judiciary and party of this country and
every corporate enabler of all of these
companies Robert Gibbs Barack Obama's
former press secretary is an executive
or comms person at McDonald's today
McDonald's in spite of of course an
incredibly well established track record
of environmental health and labor abuses
needs to position itself as a sort of
conscious multicultural grassroots
brands and we see every day that the
people who allow this company to exist
who in addition to every other category
of abuse women including some as young
as 15 years old are harassed dehumanized
and bothered with complete impunity and
the type of courts that someone like
justice Cavanaugh who I'm sure shares
very little in common with a middle
manager working in McDonald's except for
probably certain traits if you know what
I'm talking about we'll do everything
along with every other Republican member
of the judiciary to make it harder for
any recourse from people who already
have by far the hardest time in the
economy and in society it's disgusting
those people are amazing walking out the
courage of the laborers taking that
action the clarity of those words are
exemplary for all of us and we stand in
solidarity to the utmost
I don't know I mean Matt actually you I
don't know if you wanted to touch on you
said you saw some of this yeah actually
I mean I'm just remembering certain
dynamics between managers and women that
worked at McDonald's I mean women I say
we were all in high school basically
they like grill and the frontline staff
right and the sort of like types of
jokes that people would make is it
completely inappropriate yeah and there
was like definitely I mean management
but there was also like age disparities
- yeah like a 33 year old manager and
like a like yeah 16 I mean what's so
 up is none of these things are
ever surprising I didn't think it's like
when I saw I mean I'll switch gears for
a second well obvious talk about some
more later with halona but like it's not
that when I first saw Brett Kavanaugh
that I thought that there would be a
credible sexual assault allegation
against them but when it came out I was
surprised that I didn't think that when
I first saw him you know like and more
structurally like of course this is
taking place at McDonald's I'm sure it's
taking a quiet place across the entirety
of the American labor force and
particularly in sectors like fast food
which is some of the most exploited
oppressed and generally disrespected
workers period yeah I mean this way this
is such an incredible and brave move yes
to because you know the fact is is that
we have to stand up for for one another
and we have to stand up you know as
community and that's why you know
hopefully this is able to you know send
a strong enough message but you know
this is why a lot of those folks are you
know how are the victims of this kind of
predatory actions because they are seen
as powerless they are seen as the person
was talking about in the in the video is
saying they said that you know you're
not going to win this fight right and
you know and it's really it's really
despicable and an unfortunate aspect of
the world we live in and hopefully like
we'll be able to change it and that's
what institutions and people are saying
to them all the time and it's and you
know it's and it's and it's and it is
that
that totally terrifying and I feel
