want to bring on to the to the show
Jared Johnson he is the owner I guess
right owner yes I'm a co-founder and
owner okay and Matt let me know how al
Jared's sound is is the owner and
co-founder of Sue the collector calm
that's correct
Jared we had you on the program I guess
it was last April
last October yes and people responded
exceptionally well tell all right walk
us through this and then I want to want
to hear about you know anything that's
changed since you were yeah so sue the
collector is a consumer friendly website
that helps consumers sue debt collectors
whenever debt collectors violate basic
federal laws that are written to protect
consumers against creditor harassment
telephone harassment or errors on your
credit report even for that matter so we
have attorneys all across the United
States that this is what they do the you
know the largest of all the attorneys
that do this is Ahmad Suleiman at the
Atlas consumer law in Chicago Illinois
and their group has successfully now
just dispatched over 1 billion dollars
in consumer debt thus far we are a
pretty large contributor to their
success and they are doing very well in
court and so we we would love to help
consumers try and do it every day not
everybody has a case but many do and so
we try to you know get that debt cancel
try to get their rights established and
look the problem I think Sam is the fact
that so many consumers don't know their
rights they are fully unaware that their
there are these consumer rights so I
just be clear here there are a lot of
statutes on the book that restrict and
these are our federal statutes or
they're both state and federal
and so specific states have their own
version of the same almost mirror copy
of the federal statute but then tweaked
a little bit in some ways they may go
further than the federal order so so
these statutes are on the book they
constrain debt collectors in certain
ways and basically debt collectors and
other outfits have taken advantage of
the fact that most consumers don't have
a clue as to what their rights are and
so they just operate in the way they
want to operate the debt collectors and
because they don't anticipate having to
pay off or pay for now so okay give us
an example because and in and the this
is not just a situation where debt
collect it right like you can actually
get damages from a significant payouts
there and we were talking last night at
a really awesome cocktail party there's
a case that mr. tsuda is now prosecuting
in Illinois right now against Ocwen
Financial aqua is a mortgage servicing
company this lady could not afford our
mortgage payments anymore so the u.s.
Bank was the original creditor on the
mortgage they sold what they do is they
sell or transfer the asset over to Ocwen
for them to service it a lady entered a
chapter 13 bankruptcy so she's now got
to make payments to the 13 trustee and
if she does everything she's supposed to
do at the end of a you know period of
time five years or whatever the whatever
was behind on her mortgage will now be
erased and he fees and so on Ocwen the
whole time that she was going through
the bankruptcy was tallying additional
interest in fees on debts that were just
charged so then by the end of the
thirteen when she got her debt
discharged they came around and said you
owe us all this money trying to collect
on debt that was legally discharged
inside of a bankruptcy to speed up the
story I talked
a mods office manager he said the day
one on the trial Ocwen I had a big
screen up in the front of the courtroom
their opening argument said Ocwen is
sorry just a total plea for like don't
kill us madam and in people on the jury
is they know they're gonna get killed
and so you know what talk also ok soon
but how many that's what's that
happening to is what I'm saying
right they are they've bent they're
going through this chapter 13 and all
the stuffs going on and even inside of
legal bankruptcies debt collectors
continue to try and collect it they have
no right to collect whatsoever talk
about in terms of let's say and I think
a lot of folks who listen to the program
have student loans within those
instances like where where are their
opportunities if debt collectors are
getting too aggressive or are tend to
break the law in right doing debt so
student loans
okay so fun fun here's a fun facts about
student loans and so if you have a
servicing company servicing a federally
backed student loan you can tell the
caller's that call your phone you don't
want them to call anymore
they actually have the legal right to
still call your phone because it's a
federally backed student loan but they
can only call you a maximum of three
times a month so the moment they cross
that line if you sit don't call my
mobile phone anymore and they call it
four times in a month you have a
violation you can sue them for that and
so there's other little things that
somebody's at home right now and they
have a debt collector who was calling
them it's the fourth time they've called
them this month what do they do at that
point they need to answer the phone will
you tell everybody don't ignore our
phone calls from debt collectors answer
the phone answer the phone because you
want to know who's calling you a lot of
times debt collector
we'll say hey we need to verify who you
are in order for us to talk to you about
the debt do that because you need to at
least get to that point where they can
actually tell you well this is why we're
calling and then that way if they're
harassing you or something illegal is
going on you'll be able to then
retroactively Li prove damages that this
is what happened but if you don't answer
the call on if you have to record the
call or so they record the call they are
obligated by federal law to record all
outbound collection calls if they don't
there's even more penalties for them on
that side and whether or not they're
gonna cough it up in a you know you know
I can't think of the word right now okay
so if I'm getting called and and and
even if I don't know my rights in regard
to because I wouldn't know that three is
okay but four is not right but that
would imagine most consent okay so see
you after we tell the caller student
back servicing company like acme is a
big one you got to tell them to stop
calling and doing that you revoke
consent to Pauls on your mobile device
does not apply to voice over IP phones
landlines law doesn't apply to those
things right so so so there's there's
there's all these specifics right like
that and and you know this stuff because
you've obviously studied it yes is there
a general rule that people should follow
in relationship to debt collectors
should people just if you're if you are
in a situation where you're being
contacted by debt collectors in any way
or have you know issues with your
mortgage or what about and I want to
move on to like sort of more traditional
banking institutions but should they
simply just go to sue the collector and
there's a resource there to learn their
rights or should is there a some type of
system of like hey I'm getting five
calls a week but it's on my
landline right and is this what is this
appropriate me well how do people go
about doing it so there are all these
little trip wires for debt collectors to
trip over that would then suddenly make
something illegal and there's there's a
little room for them to operate but the
moment that they go too far then it's
suddenly illegal so what I mean by that
is the telephone Consumer Protection Act
was written and designed to preserve
your cell phone minutes it's literally
what it's about because when debt
collectors would call a person with a
like a prepaid mobile phone if you they
called them 20 times a day it would use
up all their minutes on their phone so
that's why Congress wrote that rule it's
the weirdest thing to me it makes sense
but then now it does a lot more so
that's why it doesn't really apply to
landlines voice over IP because those
typically don't have minutes can they
just call you relentlessly
online so there are limitations not
because under the FDCPA there are
specific guidelines that says repeatedly
calling your phone to harass is a
violation of the Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act it's not a tease EPA on
its face but then it goes back to the
FDCPA that does prohibit repeated
ongoing harassing phone calls alright so
getting back to my original question
what do I do if I if I have a
relationship with a debt collector what
what do I do to step 1 my let me ask do
you think that it is legitimate to try
and handle a disputable financial
transaction over the phone without
anything in front of you you're just
gonna take this person's word on the
phone that this is what you owe does it
seem nortis should you do that should
you give them the money if they just say
you owe me 50 bucks or wouldn't you want
to like see something some proof I asked
for proof for everything okay I mean
that's that step one so that's why we
tell people that don't really get
involved with debt collectors on the
phone
because they are now obligated have been
forever tour sends you a letter in the
mail and in fact they are obligated to
send you a letter in the mail within the
five first within five days of the first
communication so they call you
they're now obligated to sending you a
letter about the account within five
days you don't get that letter they've
already violated the Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act on the G notice
that's what that's called the G notice
will will tell you what you owe what
they're calling about how much the debt
is who the original creditor is the fact
that you have the right to dispute the
debt within 30 days that you have the
right to get a transcript of any
judgments and so on and so that's what
we tell people dispute the debt if you
don't think you really owe it at the
very least get the documentation that
breaks down how much you owe and that
way you can actually see look this is
you could if it's not right then you can
go back and you can actually do what so
the foundation the first rule is if you
get a phone call and someone says where
I'm calling from so-and-so debt
collection and you owe five hundred
bucks I mean I actually went through
this with an emergency room visit yeah
and I had no idea what they were talking
and I and I mean I say this to everybody
even when family members call me just
send it to me in writing but with them
in particular you know I said you know
who I I don't know who this is like I
owned I owed money to the emergency
doctor okay and I had already paid off
the emergency room and I like I don't
know who the emergency doctor is I've
never heard like it sounds well I mean
ultimately I told them send me a letter
and whatnot but that's that's the first
thing you should do is always ask for
whatever claim you're getting in writing
right and then then they are obligated
to provide that within five days that
phone call triggers the clock on the
five day window so now they've got to
send you
that letter explaining but then what you
can do is just shut down general say
don't call me back
it occurs to me that the number of debt
collectors that actually make that
five-day window I have to post it right
but with the mailbox rule yes so they
got to post it within five days like I
would assume that none of them have like
that type of process that is some of the
big ones are probably pretty good at it
I've caught two of them personally
myself but that we're trying to get
collection on me they would call me up
and then I'd be like what's this about I
would I would confirm identity yes I'm
Jared Johnson here's the last four of my
social I tell them all that stuff and
then they would say well this is who we
are we're trying to collect this and
then I would get in a letter I mean it
would go to three weeks no letter so
then I would turn around and then file
suit against them and then they would be
like oh we just want to pay you this
money and they would they would they
would actually give me like thousand
fifteen hundred bucks something pay my
attorney his fees as well right off the
bat case closed
I win just for that nothing else okay so
in general the the rule of thumb is
answer the phone talk to the debt
collectors force them to send you
documentation at that point and then go
to the government is to pay on that
first rental call don't try and make an
arrangement they'll try and push you to
get an arrangement going I mean like no
I got a first see what this is about
before I get an arrangement set up with
you and then I'll and we can talk about
it later
all right talk to me about one thing
you'd mentioned to me last night was the
the rules governing debt collection have
expanded to include institutions that
are more that are that are not debt
collectors per se right a lot of states
are not expanding their own state law in
order to treat not just debt collectors
but original creditors as debt
collectors as well they have to they
also have to operate under specific
guidelines and so California by far the
most
consumer friendly state in the country
by far and so in California the law is
called Rosenthal the Rosenthal Act has
been around but it does and it gets
expanded probably regularly by
California legislators because of the
fact that court decisions are coming
down routinely in federal levels that
are undermining the rules and
regulations of Debt Collection Practices
so then these state lawmakers will come
up and fix it like okay well so you
can't see under in a federal court for
that anymore you can see you in our
Court is that a function of what is that
a function of the the softening of these
protections on a federal level it's
coming from debt collectors actually
litigating a lot of this stuff now and
actually trying to get favorable
decisions in order for them to continue
harassing and abusing consumers okay so
when they you know like I'll give you
example we're gonna lead into this one
of the big developments as of lately is
a software company called HC I live Vox
it is a software that they are now
selling to debt collectors that now
undermines and technically overrides the
capacity of the telephone Consumer
Protection Act what it does is they're
the telephone Consumer Protection it's
two or three elements when one of the
elements is has to be a call that is
Auto dialed from a computer that has the
capacity to store and dial random
sequential numbers to mobile devices
without consent is a violation of the
law so they're like well we can get
around that so what we'll do is we will
pay this guy in a third world country to
tap on his keyboard all day long loading
numbers in a hopper so that and now
there's human interaction to dialing
numbers and then the numbers get dialed
anyways and now there's no violation of
the TCPA and so even though it's clearly
being auto dial Sam
but there's not a person dialing numbers
like you know grandma's phone with the
gray buttons it's not that they're
loading 10 and 15 numbers at a time with
a guy hitting a spacebar and then they
load them into this hopper and then they
go out and get called but because this
guy was touching a computer so this is
now considered human interacts oh okay
and it breaks that and so so states are
going to hopefully step in with
legislation oh I hope so because because
I know what's not gonna happen with
Congress I've five federal courts of now
sided with HCI livebox Wow okay all
right you know it's bad for consumers
okay so circling back so California and
one of the most progressive and consumer
friendly States if not the the most
consumer friendly and we were talking
about the the expansion of these laws to
apply to the original credit so if I
have a Citibank credit card and I'm
Citibank harasses you vault repeatedly
same thing applies for Nia what other
states we were just talking to a guy
from West Virginia West Virginia also
and Virginia DC these states have
Colorado amended its law to say that
debt buyers are also considered debt
collectors because of the Gorsuch
decision we talked about in the last
time because the Gorsuch Supreme Court
decision ruled that a debt buyer like
Santander the cases Henson versus
Santander that Santander bought a debt
and then they tried to collect on it and
then Henson sued Santander saying you're
a third party debt collector Supreme
Court disagreed no they're a debt buyer
and they inherit the same rights as an
original creditor and not subject to the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
Colorado it literally the next week like
wrote new law all right let me just make
sure that people understand that that
Santander ruling so what happens is
let's just say for the sake of argument
Citibank
issues your credit card you default and
you know them $5,000 discharged if they
it's discharging bankruptcies not
discharged what I mean is it's like
written off after it's written off in
Citibank it's you know after 180 days
they have to okay and so Citibank could
then hire a debt collector to come after
you and because they're a third party
trying to collect on city banks debt
they are subject to the debt collecting
laws but if Santander comes in and says
okay we're not a debt collector we're
gonna buy your debt and a by the day
we're gonna buy it off of you it's it's
$5,000 we're gonna pay you five hundred
bucks and we're just going to make a bet
that we can collect on it now that we
own the debt we have the same rights
that you did originally even though I
mean it's absurd because they're not out
five thousand dollars they're out five
hundred dollars so they never so but
they get all the rights as if they had
lost five thousand all right and so and
and well I mean this is the nature of
what happens when you get someone like
gorsek on the court yeah this is what
you what you see elections have
consequences yes right okay so so tell
us what what should people do who are
listening to this if they have questions
I mean I know you told me last night
that you you get a lot of questions oh
my god on faith do I even want to say
that or we do questions on facebook you
can go to facebook-dot-com forward-slash
through the collector and you can visit
our page and ask us anything you want on
our face we're on facebook live right
now so our people that we have about
twenty thousand people that subscribe to
our page which is pretty good we're
hoping to pump that up so Butte but you
will answer those questions we do it
every day and yeah it's like you know a
lot of people
and this is the sad part a lot of people
actually send me messages about I got a
notice to go to court I couldn't make it
to court now mine wages are being
garnished what do I do
not much it's too late and so my if you
get sued or a debt collectors trying to
