I remember a joke I don't remember who
told it but it wasn't me I wish I could
give somebody credit they said you know
I hate all of them but Bill O'Reilly is
talented Sean Hannity looks like a gym
teacher who won a raffle to get a TV
show just sentiment that I totally agree
with this is Bill O'Reilly now at Bill
O'Reilly dot-com and I just want to play
this clip I want to see if you have any
speculation about maybe anything that
billows state of mind so I'll put it and
I also want to know if you're still
gonna stand by the great broad cat or
good broadcaster moniker after you hear
this check this out this is Bill
O'Reilly talking about ice polling all
right so there was a poll conducted by
pew pew is pretty good PW and they asked
people if they have a favorable or
unfavorable opinion of ice I love this
so Immigration and Customs Enforcement
ice do you have a favorable opinion of
ice and it was 47% said no no we don't
like ice 44 yes we like that's within
the margin of error so it's a tie so
half the Americans say like ice we need
immigration enforcement
we need Border Patrol we need it and
then 47 percent not it you mean you mean
now that's totally a hundred percent
media-driven
100 percent I would just like to say I
don't know if people's natural moral
reactions to watching kids get kidnapped
and then held hostage is just pure media
drive it might just be a basic moral
sentiment getting activated but now for
all the media oh yeah I didn't I had no
opinion on kids being abducted by
government agents Intel tells CNN at
liberal Bastion CNN only to be outraged
yeah so I would say Bill O'Reilly needed
a producer and the scripted show to be a
really good broadcaster because that
was bad not the sentiment the sentiment
was always bad right he's capable of
relaying that sentiment on the old
O'Reilly Factor but he would have done
it in a far more skilled fashion I'm not
saying what a convinced people either I
just mean he is the he has all the the
ability to take what someone said turn
it twist it throw it back to them in a
way that makes them defensive and do it
on the fly is there's a fair amount of
skill in that right I mean used a very
very useful skill and he used it for
evil but it was unquestionably a skill
that that that didn't really that didn't
reflect it and then of course that the
the the actual you know the actual
content of what he said is is wrong you
know and we had we you know we protected
the borders and had in border
enforcement before there was ice so
we're not really when we say disillusion
get rid ice we're not really saying and
don't patrol the border at all just open
it up so you know he's obviously he's
back to his sort of his normal tactics
of sort of deliberately deliberately
misleading I don't know whether you know
this about me but for three or four
years now the really the best thing I've
done the best opinion I've had was that
ice has the worst name ever and it is
dangerous when we start giving cops with
that kind of ability to enforce against
weaker people a badass nickname like not
supposed to be cool right you're not
raised to be able I'm with ice right now
I mean if you want to change it to the
Bureau of border enforcement you know
the BBE that's not cool and I could live
with that and I and I think that does
send a message I mean I you know again
it's propaganda it's subtle but we give
these guys these cops these badass
ice-t shirts and they give them a badass
name and then eventually they have too
much power so the issue isn't abolishing
them it's changing the name and reducing
the power I mean in my case I would
certainly abolish ice but I also think
and I also think there's a whole you
know I mean look one of the things that
you know Amla promised to do in Mexico
is is is is demilitarized Mexico's
border with Guatemala and he basically
said look we're not going to do
you know your dirty work anymore but to
be really clear like there's a lot of
steps in between here demilitarizing
border does not mean that like you could
have you say look we're gonna get in
accordance with international law on
refugees we're not gonna have an
empowered independent agency to
terrorize families across the country
and we're still gonna you know yes like
there's still a process that you know we
could check your passport look at what
you're bringing into the country like
none of this is necessitating you know
violence and militarism in any way shape
or form and it really is I mean you know
this is also why I mean obviously I
opposed things like NSA surveillance you
know just on the merits I don't I do not
trust that agency with that level of
that type of unaccountable power and
monitoring but the other argument that
you would you know people like me would
make and I never said Trump by name but
you would talk about you know policies
like the NSA or even like deportations
under Obama and you would say all right
guys let's say let's let's stipulate for
a minute that Barack Obama is the
perfect Confucian ruler of the world and
he never makes a mistake and he's never
wrong and obviously I could you know
even just me sort of vaguely criticizing
him is super bad which some people did
get like about Obama just as other
people you know couldn't ever have a
realistic analysis of Obama either that
was fair to him frankly but you know I
would say okay what happens when none of
these programs are codified or
accountable or scaled back whether it's
drones or NSA or ice and you elect a
total lunatic Republican president and
the only part of that sentiment that I
was wrong about was you know I didn't
specifically predict what lunatic it
would be until much that was like right
even in your worst case scenario the
level of lunacy was under estimate right
right I didn't say hey you see that like
oranged face who like is
fantasizing about fingering his daughter
one day he's going to be in charge of
all of these programs yeah I know you're
right and the key is is
you know for all these things I mean
look there's there's all you want
realistically right assuming that
Alexandria Acacio Cortez is not gonna be
the president right away right she got
away seven years anyway right I think I
got a shot down the road actually she's
got chops but yes no she no she does
have political skills no question so um
but you want a policy where where there
are people in the room who are I don't
know experts on immigration and
immigration policy and they need to have
a voice in setting an administration
policy we know that doesn't exist here
we know that it it's it's it's hardline
immigration opponents and law
enforcement that's who makes up Trump's
policy that's it right how much more
money can I get how many more guns can I
get well can I get it can we get 10
tanks to patrol the border around El
Paso we'd love that that will help right
great terrific and there's nobody there
to say here's a breakdown of who's
coming across and why they're coming
across right that just does that policy
doesn't exist now obviously we know that
was for more too far more likely to
exist under Obama but I don't really
know whether it did and certainly Obama
at his lowest point in immigration when
he was it should be said because context
is always relevant desperate as he
always was to make a deal right so he
got tough on immigration and then
thinking hey now these guys will make a
deal with me never getting until your
six of his presidency you know what they
don't they're not interested in making a
deal with me well I think there's a
point there's so much in what you just
said
that I I just totally agree with because
I think that it's McCulloch a so one is
it's what happens now is there's a
certain contingent of people who you
know all they have is oh my god I miss
Obama and I'm sorry that's just it's
just not good enough on any kind of
assessment you could make including for
you know the reasons you just you
outlined including just even Obama's own
misconceptions about what was happening
and the fact that the hardline policies
that Obama pursued again are not only
innately wrong but they also are a
precursor to the catastro
we're in now and then on the flip side
when you draw a false equivalency
between obama and trump at this point
not only are you talking about
difference in degree you're talking
about differences in kind because even
the worst things that obama did with
regards to immigration as you say were
part of a of a fundamentally wrong
headed triangulation effort to achieve a
deal which would have benefited millions
of people this effort of this
administration is to engineer a white
electorate both to appease white
nationalists and for others who are you
know i don't think have the same
ideological investments they just see
the terrain like of course i want to
suppress the vote of course i want to
ethnically cleanse America because I
want to win and we're a white identity
party and that is a fundamental
difference
I do think moving forward though what
people should understand is that you
know Democrats can afford to pursue a
very humane and progressive border
policy not just ethically but
politically because I don't think like
the people who thought Obama was weak on
the border it's because of his name and
his skin color not because of any
reality what happened at the border
right like it's all identity politics
yeah mostly I mean you know toward the
end you had reasons if you were if to to
think that that policy was that he was
too lenient not so much at the border
but on immigration in general and and
you know creating the dreamers like you
know so there was that's a party right
was this if you oppose the dreamers
you're on the hard right right like
that's not a moderate position that's a
hard right no no right there are no
right every every you know Obama took
you know literally you know I mean he
took a you know there are a few liberal
positions he took and progressive
positions he took he took he took
gazillion moderate positions and every
one of them was categorized as crazed
liberal from the right so you know again
the lesson which the so many mainstream
Democrats seem incapable of learning is
it doesn't matter what you do they're
gonna call you a communist so do
something nicely precisely thank you
yeah that's exactly it
see and this is we are the perfect
example I think of the liberal socialist
tag-teamed
I think we just nail it every time
frankly and it's this kind of coalition
that could win along with a lot of
Poconos humor you're also of course the
great host for Turner Classic Movies and
well actually so you haven't seen
succession yet we were texting about
that no I'm not I've been I mean I've
been presented three or four people in
the last five days a little berated me
for not yet watching waiting for a you
of course it's a great show
yeah yeah usually what's wrong with you
why I can't believe you are not watching
this show I have to be help you I was
kind of shocked yeah no I just cuz we
stopped reviewing so many of these shows
I mean obviously we would have reviewed
it too on our show what the flick on the
TYT I like what the flick I was actually
- we um
so we should have anyway I got you I
missed we missed it will get see I'm not
a huge fan of it to be honest with you
so I've actually was kind of like wow
I'm I'm seeing this and Ben is not that
is very odd I watch a lot of television
i watch a lot of things a lot of TV a
lot of movies in my life you know it's
relaxing about succession is that all of
the characters are so unlikable that
none of the stress of the show matters
to you because you're like literally all
these people could die in a jet crash
and it would make no emotional impact on
me so I can you can just watch from this
incredible emotional distance while they
like you know backstab each other cuz it
doesn't matter I'm a little like my
father my father always you know it's
really smart sophisticated guy but any
movie he ever saw a TV show here trouble
following things as smart as he was he
didn't quite get how stories were told
visually right he always makes whatever
you're seeing happened right after the
thing you just saw you mess with time at
all even like a couple hours he said why
do they not know where he is
he just bleed left the building they
have a guy one Mehcad know this is damn
right they put anything up on the screen
to put a data 43 but it was just thank
you I know now it's 1943 it's like no
it's not and so yeah but no matter what
he always deal was he felt like you had
to have somebody to root for and if
there's nobody to root for he wasn't
into it yeah I kind of get that actually
and it yeah I I think I wonder we've
gone a little overboard maybe with the
like every it's like alright enough of
the moral conflict and nobody's clean
like I think billions pulls that off
because it does a good job it's sort of
making different people likable at
different times and a guy like you know
so that kind of works but I I think
maybe we've gone a little overboard with
that know that great thing about
billions again I think is that it is
that there are times when you hate both
Giamatti and Damian Lewis and then times
when you're like huh what happened here
I want I'm on Damian Lewis aside and I
don't even I don't want I don't
understand what he's doing and - I know
it's morally corrupt but somehow I'm
into it and then you root for these
characters there's like good guys like
dollar bill like I want a whole show
about dollar bill managing his two
families that's my that's the show I
would watch you know the universe under
than 100 episodes of and I figure one of
his wives is jealous of the other and
the other one just doesn't care and at
one point she turns to him and says like
don't talk to me like that what do you
think I am Rachel I'm the wife who
doesn't care I think I and it's know
that's a great example because on the
show I love that guy in real life I
would literally send him to a work camp
on the show he's awesome and when he
smashed that guy's car I almost clapped
if you know what scene I'm talking about
flying saucers car that was one of my
favorite scenes in the whole show that
guy send the guy whose car slammed is
also in Handmaid's Tale oh I could see
that I haven't watched handmade steel
because I just can't take it but I
believe in you'll be into it I buy I
believe here grown-up you clean it up
you can handle it alright what besides
hands maids tale do you have a movie
recommendation for us oh yeah eighth
grade man eighth grade is phenomenal
tell me does Bo Burnham Mays first film
for you know he's been a sort of a
YouTube darling but its first film he
wrote and directed it and it's about an
eighth-grade girl and her dad he's a
single dad raising her but it's really
about her sort of and she's super
awkward she was you know an eighth grade
graduation she was named
you know most shy you know and
she's like mortified but she makes these
YouTube self-help videos that get 15
viewers but she's kind of lively in the
videos but she does not know how to sort
of manage yourself in life and it is
just I mean it is a beautiful
occasionally heartsick occasionally
heartwarming movie and it's like 88
minutes I mean it's great it's a ten
it's as good teenage adolescent movie as
I've ever seen
III it's in the theaters though in
theaters now most places it's slowly
rolled out but I think it's in 15 or 20
cities now so it's good good chance you
have a chair that your listeners have a
chance to see all right I will
definitely go see it coastal elite
listeners yes the coastal Lee listeners
this is a message only for the coastal
elites have you seen sorry to bother ya
been no I have not seen sorry about you
I was gonna mention well I wish I know
interesting I'm anxious to see that also
Rob Reiner's movie it's not great but
shock and awe about the nitrate of
reporters who got the run-up to the Iraq
war right cool I didn't want to see that
and I mean it's good because it's an
important story that movies also short
it probably should be longer you know
journalism movies are tough because it's
guys making phone calls right and it's
just a reminder that a few people did
get this right in the wave of Judy
Miller at all who got it wrong and these
guys still aren't on every Sunday show
no like that's what gets me is that they
got it they were good reporters they
were solid they were like hey they
formed this secret intelligence cabal
and they're sort of freezing out other
intelligence and they're just determined
to go to war in Iraq and a tie Saddam to
911 and none of this is probably true
and I mean in a sense these guys should
be and their editor who Rob Reiner also
plays in the movie that they should be
celebrated right it's like in the face
of enormous opposition they did it right
and you know they're still working but
why aren't they hosting CBS Sunday
morning why isn't it right why is it why
isn't Warren Seibold the head of you
know I said you know this week with with
Warren Seibold instead of George
Stephanopoulos I'm not going George but
this guy should be these
should be being feted a hundred percent
i mean my god no and we not only are
they not we still have the same caste of
people who propagandized for the
invasion on all the time and in some
cases even their friggin kids and you
know besides Megan McCain I have to say
besides her unintentional incredible
boost she's doing for democratic
socialism in this country every time she
opens her mouth I mean it is kind of awe
inspiring right it's like we can't even
forget even holding you know the dad
accountable for his role in that stuff
we're not even gonna we're gonna skip
the people who got it right and go
straight to the nepotism jobs I mean it
is pretty stunning
yeah they so it's worth it's worth
seeing but eighth grade is a truly truly
great American soul
