there's up on screen right now Cory is a
tweet there is this up this is an
incredible image from a Tesla factory
today it quite literally looks like a
garbage fire is this up on screen guys
and we've confirmed so far I believe
that nobody was hurt
as far as far as we know so we can laugh
what with the garbage
it is literally a garbage fire Tesla so
we can laugh with some ease because
nobody was harmed although I have to say
like the air is bad enough in LA and
that looks real bad um so and as Matt
pointed out in his tweet the Saudis look
like they have already it looks like the
Saudis have already read through Tesla's
insurance policies
yeah there's there was obviously a lot
of speculation about whether musk was
seen anywhere in the vicinity with like
a can of gasoline book a mattress but
crying because you know they've been
having problems meeting their production
targets well that's the case but it is
that it is not the first fire in recent
times in the Tesla factory at that
particular one they've had it quite a
few apparently well do it maybe do a
little bit like cuz look I I make no
bones about the fact that I enjoy
dunking on Elon Musk although I have to
say after reading that New York Times
interview I'm getting a little bit like
I don't want some random YouTube video
to be like you know what finally pushes
the guy over the edge right I I might be
I might be mean at times but I'm not
evil you thought it you thought he was
genuinely what what was your take on
that on the New York Times interview
yeah and then I guess people should
probably know if they didn't see ya talk
about that first he was a little weepy
he's alone and and I guess the gist of
it was whoa is me I'm tired I don't
sleep anymore
my life is really difficult and well
here's what I think hurt my back here's
what I think about that interview
well yeah you're right what was me get
off my back blah blah blah but here's
what I think I think partially obviously
it's a disingenuous
he's a disingenuous best it and he's
playing for sympathy no question on the
other hand I think that if you're a
publicly traded company who is not
meeting its production targets who is
not fulfilling its goals there's
problems with the stock price you're
looking to get a private equity buyout
from the Gulf your volatile and weird
behavior on social media has become like
an actual business like a shareholder
problem and if you're so out of it that
you think you know what's gonna bring
this all back you know home for us is
crying to the New York Times I'm gonna
say that in and of itself is a form of
like this guy's under a lot of pressure
and not thinking clearly you seen any
what well and also nobody tells him now
and nobody tells I mean that'sthat's
true that's a theme with these oligarchs
right nobody can tell them no and that's
something that you hear and all kinds of
employee accounts ex-employee accounts
of working in his companies analogy yeah
go from what you know how they say that
uh patriarchy hurts men too and feminism
is concerned with all human beings not
just women yeah I'll believe it when I
see it
capitalism capitalists you know anti
capitalism is for the capitalists for
the ruling class as well as the workers
well it creates an industrialist
mythology that can never be actually you
know it embodied right so we can all
agree that Elon Musk would be happier if
he would just take some time off play
some video games you know I mean
honestly level up his old D&D characters
and once we expropriate his company
he can totally still work there
inventing things in doing what he's good
at
no I actually want real quality control
on publicly and publicly funded and
cooperatively owned R&D and I don't
think he's gonna cut it I mean we don't
put back the safety science that is
important some of the all the focus has
been on Tesla but I mean this guy is
taken over a large chunk of the space
program as well and I think that's quite
troublesome you know especially
considering how we're seeing how he runs
his companies right it's it's like
pretty slapdash operation you know and
people you know lives are at stake with
these things and I hope that all the
states that decided to allow you know
autonomous pilot programs for cars on a
highway like Tesla's autopilot stuff
take a look at his sort of lack of
togetherness now and maybe reconsider
whether that was the smartest thing to
do the list without that that brings me
to the part of I mean I'll look justify
my dunking on Elon Musk in a second but
the point I was trying to set up was
there is actually something like there's
a lot of problems at Tesla that are
specific to you know labor abuses there
and also of course exemplify the entire
very exploitive and pernicious nature of
Silicon Valley in tech and that's why he
matters and I'm just wondering maybe you
can give us a little bit of a fresh
primer on like Elon Musk isn't just the
guy that accuses people of being a pedo
on Twitter because they won't use the
submarine funny as that is he's also
somebody with a long term you know bad
record in terms of labor well right I
mean one of the one of the nicknames
companies had first excuse me employees
had for his company SpaceX was slave X
right because he drove them into the
ground
so consistently and and the same is the
same
is true of Tesla I mean part of the
thing in that times interview he was he
was basically humble bragging about the
hours you put in and sleeping at the
office and you know everybody else is it
basically expected to maintain that kind
of schedule as well so as you can expect
a lot of high turnover and burnout at a
company like that viciously non-union
right and you know there's a reason why
in manufacturing processes where safety
is a concern like you're going to have a
multi-ton vehicle sort of hurtling down
the highway you know at 70 80 90 miles
an hour you need people who are like
rested alert following all kinds of
safety protocols and by all accounts you
know that was a secondary concern at
Tesla you know my he is he is a
notorious slave driver and you know how
much of that has to do with the Silicon
Valley culture in general of move fast
and break things
I mean it's entirely in keeping with the
the ethos of the place but there's a
difference when you're making like you
know candy crush right right when you're
when you're cramming to ship the next
updates a candy crush and when you're
building cars so they're going to be out
on the highways and city streets so you
I I think it's reflective too of the
sort of anti worker ethos that Silicon
Valley has inculcated in the culture
over the last twenty years or so and you
know I hope that now finally people are
starting to see why it's not a viable
way of running our society you can't
just cut labor costs to make up for the
other sort of drawbacks in your in your
companies you know profit model did so
you
and of course and do you think that
there is some puncturing of well
actually no but first I want to get you
I had a there was a sort of quasi not
exactly a defensive Elon Musk's but how
to call her on on the postgame on T MBS
on Tuesday and he said you know the sort
of two defenses that he put forward were
one you know and and this guy has been a
really good politics so he's like it's
an indictment of our broader system
right like it's it's a catastrophe that
we don't have essentially a massive
social public R&D and investment in
rapidly deploying you know green
technologies and updating NASA like all
you know the fact that that isn't
socialized and there isn't public or
imagination around the possibilities of
technology and you know mobilizing for
the climate crisis and exploring space
and all of this is an indictment of the
system so the our imaginations got out
sourced Elon Musk and Elon Musk was
willing to you know at least put those
ambitious things on the table and then
that number two hey look this guy is
exploitive he's delusional he
exemplifies the worst of Silicon Valley
predator capitalism but there's this
like at least he's making things talking
point which I guess maybe my inner
Luddite is very much like so right like
you're gonna have to do better than just
making things to me like I want to know
what you're making and why and
especially actually if you're claiming
that what you're making is actually
solving some of the biggest problems we
face in the world but those were two of
the sort of defenses that I heard of
musk and and I think that you know it's
musk as a personality but those are
still some of the kind of hold up
defenses of really the whole mill of
myth ology of Silicon Valley as a whole
well I guess there's I would say you
know based on your summary I didn't hear
the call but that there's maybe
something to the first point and the
second point I just don't get it that
just sounds like right that just sounds
like reactionary sort of
put up or shut up sort of point and you
know like it's not very persuasive the
the the first point I mean remember
Obama came in and one of his first major
initiatives with the stimulus plan was a
green jobs program right and I did some
reporting on that at the time and it was
a it was quite a failure for a lot of
complex reasons but I say if there's if
there was one main reason it was a over
reliance on the private sector to solve
problems and that reflected I think a
basic misunderstanding of how innovation
happens and how massive infrastructure
changes which is what we're talking
about if we're talking about replacing
the car that fossil fuel car fleet
happen and they don't have they don't
happen when you just let the private
sector handle it right you know Obama's
green job strategy was basically give a
bunch of money to the states to come up
with grants to give to private companies
right and you know actually musk
benefited quite a bit from those
incentives and what what have we got to
show for you one of the things you
forfeit when you rely on the private
sector to come up with new technical
technological advances is any kind of
planning on what would be you know the
smartest policy overall I mean who says
it would be electric cars I mean what
happened to public transportation right
you know and anything that's where I
used to see some of the sort of social
and personal biases of the people in
Silicon Valley revealed is and they have
by and large like a suburban mentality
upper middle class suburbanite mentality
they couldn't imagine taking public
transportation or why would you want
that I have a musk has literally said
stuff like that I mean when I was first
talking about Hyperloop he was you know
he has these lines like oh yeah and who
wants to be on a bus that's weird you
know this type of stuff I mean I'm
paraphrasing but not too much right like
no literally a dist dismissal of the
most important
that we could do in terms of human
mobility development and dealing with
you know not only the climate crisis but
also just sort of broader deforestation
and the you know catastrophe of suburban
planning on ecology and a major part of
the talking point is just like yeah
subways are weird so not only is there
that bias there I'm so gonna those kind
of companies are also going to go for
the most profitable solutions right and
those might not necessarily be the best
if what if your goal is to try to you
know green the infrastructure and and
you know get us off of fossil fuels you
know my fear is that it's you know it's
too too damn late like you know it's not
just California that's covered in smoke
I mean Portland's where I am yesterday
had the worst second worst air quality
in the world after Jakarta from all of
the fires out west right and you know
like climate change is here right right
what's happening so wait for some
imagine sort of Hollywood event like it
we're in it I kind of think like tycoons
like Elon Musk had their turn you know
to show us what they could do with green
energy and it's clock still ticking you
know like I think it's time for the
public sector to step in and take over
and and do some some real you know
revolutionary innovation of the sort
that happened in the 60s and you know
it's funny is people like musk and even
Peter Thiel will talk about that period
of you know the sort of American Empire
as the thing they want to bring back I
mean he'll his talking point has always
been you know what where's my flying car
because he grew up in that period when I
watched jet Jetsons and I don't know
where my flying car has because even
sometimes where I live there are black
people that walk around and not just the
ones that we import what
I don't want to talk about it for
certain kinds of parties but just like
walking like they're just there and I
want my flying car until that happens
America's a feller how can you argue
with that you can't unless you want to
be electrocuted sorry so you know
they're not wrong in the sense that
there there was a time when you know the
u.s. produced more innovative products
and distributed those products more
efficiently and you know raised the
general standard of living and now the
whole tech sector is focused on
frivolities but but that was we have a
social democracy it was you know that's
not looking public investment and it was
guided by you know public priorities
right so that's that no that is
particularly delusional for any type of
you know libertarian oligarch hucksters
to you know romantically point to a time
when the entirety of that innovation was
built on a foundation of governance that
they're working every day to undermine
and destroy the last vestiges of I mean
it's it's not it's like beyond
contradictory it's sort of like I'm
gonna train for the Olympics my first
step is I'm gonna be sedentary this week
and only eat Cheetos and haagen-dazs
because we don't train for the Olympics
anymore you know there was a joke
because musk and teal used to be
business partners at PayPal Backman at
1st comm bubble and they used to I think
teal is even written about this and in
one of his business books but they used
to have sort of a pop quiz about whether
you were a Star Wars person or a Star
Trek person and I think my god the
people that are running our world I'm
serious yeah no oh but you know the main
reason that I think they were both Star
Wars people is because Star Trek
depicted at like some
socialist you know future Federation and
Star Wars just more of a like anarchic
libertarian paradise Lee Star Wars was
libertarian and in their minds anyway
Star Trek is a Posada so my producer
Andy actually wrote a great article
about that for the New York Times I only
know that Star Trek is socialist II
because of Peter phrases for futures
book wasn't is he does an amazing
breakdown actually of yes Star Trek
really is a healthy example of a
socialized society that's dedicated to
human flourishing and exploration it was
actually fascinating to read I've
actually only seen the first two
original Star Wars movies but wasn't
George Lucas writing that about Vietnam
- I mean I was gonna say I unleashed
wasn't yeah isn't there there's is a
sort of anti-imperial Pro guerrilla
message in Star Wars right III think
that carries through yeah yeah but
anyway the point is these guys are too
thick to even pick up on those themes
and have a complete misreading of like
even their most cherished sort of
cultural totems like Lowe's Mad Men and
think it's awesome Luke Skywalker wanted
innovation and the Empire was a big
government program which guaranteed
equal opportunities for all and the Luke
Skywalker just was like no we really
start businesses you know the ELQ
Baldwin scene and Glengarry Glen Ross
yeah my dad told me that he went to a
meeting of a Salesman and they actually
played that up on a big screen and
everyone was cheering you mean like this
scene which is they sort of like this is
the commercial hollowness of your lives
and they're just like yeah let's go sell
some vacuum cleaners door-to-door yeah
that's really sad man well that's like I
mean every every like Michael Lewis is
Big Short right that was that turned out
he was horrified when he realized that
people were reading that and deciding to
go work on Wall Street and it's
same with like Wolf of Wall Street and
all those kind of movies I mean you
can't you can't account for you know the
audience I guess that's that's it so
yeah so all right so let's
