[Music]
back to the majority report i am michael
brooks joining us now is Christie
Christie Thornton she's an assistant
professor at Johns Hopkins University
she just published on low and the state
of Mexico for Nakhla Christie you're
calling from Mexico City thanks for
being here
of course glad to be here so let's just
review we actually had a conversation
probably about ten months ago or so
about Andres Manuel Lopez I adore his
politics where he's coming from the type
of coalition that he's built in his
campaign and now a victory for the
presidency but bring people just back up
to date with who he is both from a
biographical and ideological standpoint
yeah so I'm low as he's known comes from
the southern state of Tabasco he came up
through the ranks of the ruling at the
time the only party the Institutional
Revolutionary Party there were smaller
opposition parties but the they ran
Mexico as a one-party state
he was an indigenous Affairs
Commissioner in the federal government
sort of clashed with the party the pre
was part of an insurgency within the
party to try and democratize it in the
1980s split off and became a member of
the left-leaning party for the
democratic revolution after the
fraudulent 1988 elections and worked
within that party really until the 2012
elections the second time he ran for
president when it became clear that that
party no longer had a kind of left
vision and had been taken over really
buy this kind of center-right faction
and so as his as happens frequently in
these kind of establishment parties in
Mexico they have these various fractions
within them the Left party had been kind
of taken over by center and right people
so he split off after he lost his second
bid for the presidency in 2012 and
formed his own party the movement for
national regeneration or morena that it
became officially became a political
party in 2014
and that's really the point after which
he began running for president as I said
this is his third time running for
president he's finally been successful
after a fraudulent election in 2006
where he lost by less than half a
percentage point and a more decisive one
in 2012 where he lost to the current
president Enrique Pena Nieto and where
is he coming from politically you know I
think that some of it from my reading
and specifically from reading you I it
seems like you could really place very
specifically to Mexican politics then
there is these you know generic
parallels that people try to draw is he
more like Savas or like Lula most sort
of Ludacris some people have said well
you know he doesn't like the media and
he doesn't like elites so obviously
that's like Trump but we're and also I
should say specifically with regards to
issues like say if we can include in
this like indigenous issues in Mexico or
the rights of women or LGBTQ communities
so in some places if you talk about a
kind of left-leaning nationalist that
might not be a strong indication of a
positive policy towards indigenous
communities right like particularly in
places like Turkey and then we also know
that for this campaign and he had to
build a very broad coalition some with
some people to the left of him but also
with an Ave angelical tendency as well
so we're on the map I guess yeah like
where is he politically and what are
these kind of alliances and background
mean well yeah you're absolutely right
you're absolutely right that he built a
kind of broad coalition for this
election it included this small fringe
right-wing evangelical party called
encuentro sosial social encounter they
are you know sort of vehemently anti
abortion gay marriage women's rights and
so that was really problematic for a lot
of people on the Left the idea I think
from his campaign was that that party
has some power in some places where his
formation morena was less likely to win
they are a remain a fringe party and so
with
his governing coalition I think there'll
be a very small part but it our right to
sort of give pause to that one important
thing about the rights of women in this
campaign is that I'm Lois cabinet and
going forward actually the entire
Congress will have gender parity so
fifty-fifty women and men Lopez Obrador
was very clear from the beginning that
he would make half of his cabinet women
and there is a really incredible range
of very talented women who have joined
his team and will be part of his cabinet
the woman running who actually won the
mayorship of Mexico City from his party
Klaudia Sheinbaum is also a morena
candidate also from this formation as
with regard to sort of where it fits on
a political spectrum you're right that
people have drawn all sorts of crazy
comparisons and I think it just shows
the the sort of lack of utility of the
idea of lumping things together as
populism when you could put ago Chavez
and Donald Trump in the same basket in
that way there is a sense that politics
in Mexico is kind of exceptional trends
that have happened in larger senses in
Latin America have not happened here
throughout history and there's always
been a kind of Mexican exceptionalism so
there is some sense in which hablo comes
from a kind of particular Mexican
tradition that is believing in the use
of the state for a kind of distributive
project that is about sort of a
reconciliation between business classes
capitalist interests but making sure to
keep in mind and keep front and center
the needs of the working class and the
poor and the indigenous people so in
this way he draws from a kind of long
tradition of Mexican leftism that is not
so much linked to larger international
tendencies that said I think we saw in
the campaign and what we know from how
he governed when he was the mayor of
Mexico City is that he's very pragmatic
he's not at all an ideologue and that's
something that makes the comparisons
with Hugo Chavez really strange because
he does not have this kind of strong
ideological bent that really marked so
much the the turn toward socialism under
Bob
and that was so important for Chavez his
project so I think we can expect to see
him govern pragmatically I think that
there within his cabinet and within his
movement there are people who are very
strongly to the left and who already
have said to me that they will be
pushing from within the governing
coalition to make sure - that the
right-wing tendencies that is the this
small evangelical party his alliances
with some members of the business class
that the Left project that they see is
not alienated by those tendencies there
are important businessmen for instance
we've come into the coalition and so it
has been a very pragmatic campaign he's
a very pragmatic politician yeah I want
to tease out that business connection
and I have a read on it and I want to
run it by you it seems like that
partially like what he's done cuz he
also it seems in some ways the the
comparisons to Lula maybe are make some
sense although it's a really different
context and and Lula obviously it seems
like they have really different kind of
personalities and styles and obrador
talked a lot about corruption and one
area where I guess people have focused
on that oh he's not providing enough
details or he isn't saying the sort of
tough choices you have to make and I
don't I just have no way of judging that
I don't know the numbers obviously but
he's kind of suggested that if we can
get rid of systemic corruption in the
Mexican state that the freed up capital
of that will be a lot of what we'll both
fund on the expansion of you know the
social justice welfare state and then at
the same time as you say he doesn't have
an anti capitalist position at all per
se we can clean up corruption and then
capitalism can function properly and it
seems like there is a contingent of
business guys who have been drawn to him
and I'll draw like a South Africa
comparison it's a really different
context obviously but you know you have
Cyril Ramaphosa in power now taking over
from Zuma and a big part of it is just
can we can we have a capitalism that
fits the rules of like what a 21st
century more developed normalized place
supposed to look like versus complete
state capture and corruption so I guess
my question is is like is that the
synthesis that he's trying to draw like
you've normalized capitalism and then
you redistribute the fruits and then
number two was did the pre and
particularly in its you know current
iteration underpin yet oh did did that
sort of level of corruption and
clientelism reach like an even
unparalleled level for like modern
Mexico yeah so those are both really
good questions I think your your sort of
general diagnosis of the situation is
right in that Lopez Obrador sort of
joins a long tradition of kind of state
developmental lists in Latin America and
that is to say he comes from a tradition
of people who want to use the capitalist
apparatus right like the idea of
capitalists to development to secure a
larger redistributive project so they
want the state to be the mediator
between the poor and the working classes
and the capitalist class and they think
that they can use the state to sort of
create structures to control and funnel
the sort of outcomes of capitalist
development there's very much a sense
that Mexico should be more developed
should have more highly functioning
higher levels of growth capitalist
apparatus than it does right Mexico
joined the OECD after NAFTA so the idea
is that it's if if there can be created
a kind of state apparatus that can
harness the productive capacity of
Mexico's insertion into the global
economy and create a kind of
distributive apparatus to ensure that
the sort of spoils of that are more
equally distributed I think that that's
absolutely the kind of vision that he
has it is not a socialist revolutionary
communist platform in any sense and so I
think that that is how we will continue
to see him his cabinet develop and his
governance develop we
regard to the kind of corruption here in
Mexico and how it affected capitalist
development here I think it's fair to
say that it has disrupted the kind of
normal flow of how you might expect
things to work and so there is a sense
from particular parts of the capitalist
class here in Mexico for instance the
businessman who will likely be most
chief of staff is an important kind of
investment banker investor named Alfonso
de Roma and he has long been an
incredibly important mover and shaker
within the kind of industrial and
banking class here in Mexico he looks to
the Lopez Obrador project precisely with
the idea that it might root out the
corruption and make business practice
sort of more normal here in Mexico under
the Pena Nieto administration not only
were levels of corruption at
unprecedented levels and that made his
Pena Nieto's approval ratings
spectacularly low he reached 12%
approval rating in 2017
it meant that you know doing business
here the thing that was that Pena Nieto
was supposed to bring was renewed
business confidence I don't know if your
listeners will remember that when he was
elected in 2012 he appeared on the cover
of Time magazine with the headline
saving Mexico and the idea was supposed
to be that Pena Nieto was supposed to
bring back business confidence the
international investor class was
supposed to be flocking back to Mexico
and in the main we have not seen that
and that has been because of corruption
and also because of insecurity because
of the continued prosecution of the drug
war here and the way in which that has
made violence really explode so under
this administration in the past five
years we have really seen a kind of lack
of stability and in that way business
confidence right the one thing that the
kind of neoliberal leader is supposed to
bring back to the country has been a
massive failure under Pena Nieto right
so then yeah and 12% said yeah really
the least popular government in modern
Mexican history I mean the repudiation
is total it's really incredible to think
about until 2000 you know less than two
decades ago this was a single-party
state where everything happened through
the pre and in this election in 2018 the
priests
potential candidate one not a single
federal electoral district it was a
complete and total repudiation of the
pre and so there's long been a kind of a
chant that people use in the streets and
protests here where they chant Mexico
seen pretty Mexico without the pre the
idea that you know you need to remove
the pre to get rid of the corruption and
really in this election we have seen the
voters take a massive step in that
direction to really remove the power of
this party that governed Mexico
unopposed for seventy years yeah I want
to get to like the broader victories of
morena in a second but if if okay so the
pre has lost and there are some members
the business sector that at the very
least can partially support at least a
sort of some aspects of an
anti-corruption effort but that being
said and before we even get to the
united states if there is a real reform
agenda in mexico who does that
immediately smack up against both in
terms of the business sector and also
you know and the the cartels i mean what
what does that look like if the first
step is remove de pre-electoral ii and
now we have to get into like mexico's
deep state which I wish I could really
retire that phrase but it probably is
the right phrase in this instance what
does that look like in terms of yeah
it's a moves he'd have to make and the
pushback he can expect mm-hmm so I think
that's really important the woman who
will take over as what is essentially a
position akin to the Comptroller General
the person who will be in charge of sort
of how all of the federal money and the
functioning of the federal government is
a woman named Alma ADA in da da Sandoval
she is a tireless fighter comes from a
very left-wing family in the southern
state of grado and it is basically her
job moving forward to begin to review
how the federal government spends its
money where it goes and where that
corruption is and so when you saw the
biggest pushback I really think during
the campaign from the business classes
from kind of entrenched structures of
political power was really from people
who know that there
links into illicit money ghosts
contracts no-show jobs those kinds of
things are on the chopping block in the
Lopez Obrador administration so members
of the business class who have long
benefited from the corrupt way that
politics works if that is no longer the
case and morena has taken either five or
six will have final results soon of the
nine open governorships here in Mexico
if there is no longer this kind of link
into the corrupt structures of the state
via the pre or the center-right upon the
National Action Party all of a sudden
that kind of that your ability to get
money from the federal government
through that is cut off and so I think a
lot of the opposition we saw was
precisely people who knew that their
their ability to kind of siphon money
off in that way will be threatened in
this administration so that I mean it's
a job IRRI is a friend I don't I don't
envy her the job that goes ahead of her
now under the Lopez Obrador
administration obviously Mexico has a
massive government it has a massive
budget and it has a massive amount of
federal spending and so the review of
that and the beginning of sort of
rooting out figuring out where the
corrupt spending has been happening and
really here in Mexico it's like once a
week there is a new massive scandal
where you find out that there has been a
contract awarded to some shadow company
and it has gotten hundreds of millions
of dollars over years through government
spending so there is a tremendous amount
of that kind of corrupt government
spending to be rooted out and that will
really be the first task of the Lopez
Obrador administration because as you
mentioned that is one of the main ways
they intend to reorient government
spending toward social programs and the
kind of protections for the poor that
have been eroded under the Pena Nieto
administration what about the cartel
aspect of this I mean is that over
exaggerated in US media where like
certainly did seem like they were
definitely connected to the Pena Nieto
government they have connections in
local politics and in some areas the
security situation is really real what
you know what what is his sort of
rhetoric on that and I guess more
broadly maybe we could start opening
into you know it's it's like at some
point a Mexican president's gonna need
to confront a US president on cartel
policy and to the drug war maybe you
know as Derek Davidson was saying on my
show maybe maybe I'm Lowe's the ones had
that conversation
Trump is almost certainly not the one to
hear it yeah yeah let's get to that yeah
so this is a really difficult sort of
conjuncture all moment right we finally
have a president coming into power in
Mexico after since the the war on drugs
and organized crime as it's called here
in Mexico really began 10 years ago
2007-2008 under former President Felipe
Calderon of the right-wing National
Action Party he his approach was to send
the military into the streets to begin
to attack the cartels using military
force and he really did launch a war it
was a literal war with tanks and guns
and helicopters and soldiers and that is
why you have seen the violence really
skyrocket over this last decade you know
according to some statistics and this is
disputed by some historians but last
year may have been the most violent year
in Mexican history the highest number of
murders and violent crimes so that that
aspect of the drug war is something that
amla has said he wants to reverse he
wants to take the military out of
fighting this war he wants to do things
like provide scholarships for young
people so that they don't enter the drug
trade to begin with
he he talks a lot about sort of trying
to get young people and people who've
been swept into the drug trade because
of lack of other kinds of economic
opportunity out of it so he wants to
offer these scholarships and kind of
offer amnesty to low-level people
involved in the cartels who have not
been involved in violent crime really
try to reorient that social structure
that provides the base of support the
the kind of base through which the
cartels work the question of what will
happen at the kind of higher levels in
the fight against the cartels is a
really difficult one because over this
last decade what this war on drugs and
organized crime has done is pursue
what's known in how these things work as
the kingpin strategy right that is take
out the heads of these cartels
and so that's why we have at chapo
guzman in federal prison in New York and
we've seen the arrests of a number of
these kind of high-level people in these
various cartels and what that has led to
