we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program David
Graeber author of his most recent
 jobs of course you were last on
this program several years ago to talk
about your book debt David welcome back
to the program so jobs this
came out of a piece you wrote a couple
years ago let tell us what constitutes a
 job well a job is a
job where even the person doing the job
secretly believes that I there would be
no difference at all if the job didn't
exist or possibly the world might be a
slightly better place so it's a it's
it's a job that doesn't need to exist
and critically that the person in the
job actually knows that but has to
pretend otherwise obviously for reasons
of employment I want to go into like
what specific jobs I mean I you know
having come from the entertainment
industry I always felt that I mean I had
a manager a business manager an agent
and an attorney all of them were taking
you know a cut and it it was one of the
the dynamic was I mean if everybody
unilaterally fired let's say their
manager it wouldn't it would make no
difference whatsoever is that would that
be a job or is it like you know
and the managers I don't think that they
thought that they were the agents
thought that they had a job but
it seemed to me they were just
unnecessarily putting themselves
interjecting themselves in the middle of
something
well yeah I mean agents basically only
exist because it's my understanding at
least that agents exist because so often
people just refused to pay
so you know agents originally were
created so authors don't have to spend
their entire time you know writing
missives to their publisher saying why
haven't you given me money and and
harassing them and so forth so they get
someone to do that for them but a lot of
the other levels actually I have a
categorization of different types of
bolster jobs and and this corresponds
the category I call goons um basically
they're people who only exist because
other people are employing them
that is to say corporate lawyers would
be a good example oh and it kind of goes
back to say feudal lords would be like
this you know a feudal lords are
supposed to provide protection for their
peasants but who are they protecting
them from other feudal lords so if there
were no feudal lords you wouldn't need
feudal lords and similarly corporate
lawyers right if nobody had a corporate
lawyer you wouldn't need a corporate
lawyer you could say the same thing of a
lot of PR and advertise and you only
need advertising because you're because
your competitor is doing that
telemarketers almost always feel their
jobs are so one of those guys
seem to fit that category you know you
only need them because other people huh
it's funny there is a joke about the
lawyer who moved to a small town put up
a shingle and had no business until the
day another lawyer moved exactly so I
mean but alright well let's go through
those archetypes but let's start with
the goons insofar as like you know I
mean I and I certainly know a lot of
corporate lawyers and and and a lot of
them are not are extremely unhappy with
their with their career choice and would
never talk to one was happy but then
again they are the ones who would talk
to me well and but and I and I say this
is someone who went to law school for a
year anyways and met every single person
I have reconnected with through those
years said you made the right move but
but what what how would I mean
presumably right there is is it just
that the the corporations
figure out a way of figuring it out
themselves is it and if there was a
dispute the the judge would just
basically come to a conclusion that
wasn't as wrote or you know narrowly
tailored as as it might be today or yeah
I mean you could just work things out
you know you use each state your case
there are places where that's still done
and presumably that's the way things
were done before the rise of this sort
of massive law legal industry that we
have today you know you come in you may
state your case other people state their
case there's a certain tradition of
precedent the judge might decide there's
lots of ways to do things without having
all this legal mumbo-jumbo and briefs
and and and legal aids and armies of
paralegals and so forth and so on okay
so we have five archetypes the goons are
one of them tell us about the ducked a
purse bias that's a term kind of comes
out of the software industry loose I
adopted it from someone who was talking
about freeware he said it's very
interesting he said there's two types of
jobs in software and one is becoming
extinct one of them is the fun part
where you're actually creating new types
of applications now that's interesting
and creative work so as in so many
things nowadays corporations feel if
there's anything people would do or any
reason other than the money they
shouldn't have to pay them more they
should have to pay them as little as
possible in this case they don't pay
them at all B's most of that stuff is
everywhere so however there's the second
job is duct-taping because often you
people create software but they don't
figure out how they're gonna work
together they have all these glitches
and problems so duct-taping is sort of
fixing them up so that they can actually
interact with each other and work well
together now the more these products are
made by people just for the love and fun
of doing it
the less they have to worry about making
them integrate with one another so the
more you need duct tape so what you end
up having is
we're increasingly the same guys are
working for free to develop software at
night and then they're paid during the
day to do the duct taping to make them
all fit together
she's no one would possibly do that for
free so I generalize from that and I
said well you know like duct taping is a
type of job that occurs a lot and an
example I always think of first is there
was a one time when we needed to call a
carpenter the shelves collapsed in my
office at Goldsmiths where I was working
and buildings and grounds kind of came
in said oh yeah we want me to send the
carpenter get those books off the floor
and we'll send it next week and then
next week comes by never shows up and we
start calling every day and the
carpenter never comes in finally I
realize there's a guy sitting here in an
office whose entire job seems to be to
apologize for the fact that the
carpenter didn't come that's all he does
and he seemed rather sad and wistful
person who's very good at his job you
feel terrible you don't wanna get matter
to notice a great flat catcher but you
know thinking to myself okay I don't
think he's very happy with this job like
can't they just fire that guy and hire
another carpenter then they won't need
him or just retraining him as a
carpenter baby but that's a perfect
example of a duct tape way did you talk
to him I mean maybe he's is he doing
like other I mean presumably you're not
the only person he's dealing with right
maybe for the other people he's
coordinating the carpenter needs to go
there at 3:00 p.m. or something like
that now or but it seems unlikely that
the carpenters job was so complicated he
couldn't just like keep a little local
so he would keep his own schedule in
that instance I mean because the the
duct tape is you're talking about from
the perspective of the the software I
mean they seem to be important no the
you want to be able to integrate these
pieces of software are you suggesting
that they should have just been hired to
develop and integrate them
simultaneously exactly that's what the
guy was suggesting the only reason that
these things don't fit together is
because they insist on letting be making
do will do it for free
ah because they don't want to pay you to
develop it they'll just pay you to make
it
to integrate exactly so the duct tape
errs is would be exact anybody whose
their piece of system is badly designed
and rather than fix it they simply hired
someone to deal with the damage and you
know it would be the equivalent of like
oh look there's a there's a leak in the
roof now I don't want to reshingle the
roof I'll just put a bucket there and
hire someone to empty the water every
hour and and so okay so that's the the
duct tape or the well I mean what other
class I mean the goons you were able to
say like okay corporate lawyers and you
know hosts of people like that who try
and get you duties as mass advertising I
mean I wouldn't have actually made up
this category myself but I asked people
to send in examples of their most
pointless forms of employment and a lot
of people wrote in who are like
telemarketers or PR guys um so you got
it you know and obviously they're
serving a function for their employer
corporate lawyers often - so I had to
make figure out how why did these people
think their jobs are
and I realize it's like because they
feel it's socially unnecessary or even
socially harmful and let I mean but in
terms of duct tape is what club
what-what-what jobs would be out there
that we would know I mean you know guys
who sit taking calls the schedule the
carpenter but what other sort of class
of stuff is that like dispatchers at
large oh I mean I got a lot of people
whose jobs were essentially to clean up
their boss's mess um you know they were
there so that their boss just didn't
have to think about stuff that he really
should have had to think about um so for
example there was one case where this
person's job was to take reports written
by this expert and try to put them into
something resembling English and then
convince him to make it more coherent so
no their entire job was to say they
weren't entire you know they couldn't
just rewrite it entirely themselves um
they had to go to the person and try to
convince them to change it around so
their entire job was only there because
their boss couldn't write or couldn't be
bothered to like make something make a
coherent argument and that happened a
lot that's classic women's work right
you know the guy goes around oblivious
and you have to hire some woman
do all the real work cleaning up after
them and well let's get I want to get to
the implications of these jobs and like
why they exist and and and you know how
they sort of I guess harm us you know
even it's societally in a moment so
let's go to the flunkies yes and some in
some ways almost all of these jobs are
flunky jobs these are basically only
exist to make someone else look good and
to some degree you only have these jobs
because even when they discover this guy
is a useless duct tape or for example
you know I could fix the problem but I'd
rather have more staff because if I'm in
a large corporation my importance is
measured by how many people have working
all right so there's no incentive to
fire people
I mean you downsize the blue-collar
workers like if you work for UPS you
know sure you cut down on the number of
actually delivery of actual delivery
people and you you speed them up and you
just make their life miserable but then
when it comes to the guy sitting in the
office who's this playing fruit mahjong
or minesweeper all day well you don't
have any incentive to fire him so so
there's a huge split between blue-collar
and white-collar workers in that regard
and but but flunkies are essentially
just there to make someone else look
good and there's a lot of people example
I give a lot and they got a lot of
people right an example to this was
unnecessary receptionists that was
obviously some receptionist are just
busy all the time they're very necessary
but even if you don't really need a
receptionist you need to have you feel
you need to have one there if you if I'm
a small publisher and maybe I get one or
two calls a day maxximum no problem
having the people who actually work in
the office just take the calls directly
nonetheless you want to have someone
sitting at the front desk
to like say hello to the one visitor per
day and the woman the one or two calls
they get to establish the prestige of
what's going on here exactly but if you
don't have one you don't seem like a
real company um and that's kind of the
definition of a flunky they're just
there because it makes you look I have
also heard that and I'm there's one
company in particular I'm not gonna say
what it what it is but someone told me
that
they were very smart because they hired
a ton of people below them so that when
cutbacks come they're gonna be able to
jettison a bunch beam and people so that
they can say oh we're leaving mean we
could have the back exactly like just
larding up so that you can you can
actually dispense with the lard when you
need to and look like you're a lean and
mean manager so those are the monkeys
are bak stickers yes bak stickers are
people who are there to make it look
like you're doing something that you're
not actually doing and obviously
governments are famous for this you know
if we discover that oh my god there is
corruption or you know police are
shooting black people or something
there's some thing going on that is
obviously bad the first thing you do you
say I will have a commission of inquiry
um and that's there to make it seem like
well if we find out that first of all to
make it seem like you didn't know but of
course you really did and and second of
all to make it seem like you know once
we find out the facts we're gonna do
something about it which of course
you're probably not going to do so so
that's a classic box sticker bonk
sticking is all about filling out forms
and paperwork writing reports and
establishing metrics and otherwise
spending your time assessing what you
have done want to do will do in the
future instead of actually doing it now
well that is a big element in the
 ization of real jobs so for
example my job you know I'm relatively
safe if I I have very little compared to
a lot of academics but nonetheless I
mean they want me to fill out time
allocation mom surveys every month that
if I did it properly would probably take
five hours to do those are five hours I
could spend teaching instead I have to
spend you know writing out in detail
exactly what I did you know how many
hours I spent on what category of work
every week what is this absurd piece
first of all I don't know and and and
second of all who cares
all right I'm gonna I'll save my sort of
like broader questions after we do the
taskmasters okay taskmasters fall into
two categories there are the sort of
people who actually supervise people who
don't need supervision right uh a lot of
middle management is like that you know
you'll have offices where there's twice
as many managers as there are workers
and one of these guys do it oh and and
sometimes people just write to me and
say yeah I have a job in middle
management you know I used to work in
this office and they kick me upstairs
and now I'm supposed to supervise them
and encourage them to work and you know
if I weren't there they would they would
work anyway you know they would do they
probably do exactly the same thing as
they're doing now but I have to pretend
I'm somehow making them do it or giving
them the work which they could get
themselves and the same guys I get it
from Oh even had people say who just
recently been promoted to these kind of
taskmaster jobs you know I wanted to do
something because this is just
so I sort of allocated myself work and
the higher-ups found out and told me to
cut it out no you're just supposed to
give work to other people um so okay so
that's one category of taskmaster people
who are supervising people who don't
need supervision there's a lot of that
and the other one is actually making up
pulls it for people to do and and so if
you're a that overlaps with box sticking
to some degree so you know if you're a
manager and you realize that the people
don't need supervision what are you
gonna do you're gonna start making up
tasks or making up and sometimes I make
up entirely new jobs um I remember
someone talking about an office where
she was a flunky but she's a you
actually did work basically since most
people there were managers and she was
the only real employee she had to do
everything but there are these guys are
just sort of sat around doing nothing
and they felt so embarrassed that that
nobody's doing anything they wanted to
people to think that that they really
had an excuse to exist so they're hiring
another unnecessary manager just to seem
like they were all overworked
