[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
with Sam's Sita the destiny of America
is
safer in the hands of the people than in
conference rooms at any ELISA they are
unanimous call me we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Monday October 9th 2017 my name is
Michael Brooks on Oh Michael Monday and
this is the five five-time award-winning
majority report we're broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on today's
program the Manhattan da sie Vance Jr
how many cases of powerful people
facilitating campaign contributions to
his campaigns and getting away with
things are we gonna uncover first it was
two of the Trump kiddies Ithaca and
Donald Jr now movie producer monster
commonly known monster Harvey Weinstein
new reporting and the International
Business Times will be talking with
investigative reporter Jake Asano about
both of those cases as well as of course
the Weinstein stories that he along with
others the International Business Times
broke the Trump administration is
planning on scrapping an Obama
administration climate and pollution
rule with no replacement in sight no
surprise there and also no surprise
senator bob Corker in a twitter dispute
with donald trump says what all of us
are thinking this idiot
could get us into World War three and
Stephen Miller with the look of an
aspiring school shooter and the charm of
a Nazi camp guard and the ideology of a
gamergate Grand Theft Auto Player racist
is still a key policy maker in the White
House new reporting on him and just how
just relentlessly he is a horrible
disgusting human being he's so much that
guy from high school it's
excessive how much he is that guy from
high school I'm gonna be talking about
that the president keeps trashing the
Iran deal one of the greatest steps to
global stability in the modern period
and his own Mad Dog doesn't agree with
him we'll get to that and much more
including Turkey
all of a sudden saying ma'am you're not
gonna get a visa to vacation here
anymore all that and much more on
today's majority report Trump wasn't
nice enough to the to the security
personnel apparently and I'm sure
there's all sorts of other sort of
paranoia and things that relate to what
the air21 regime is doing and I think we
can switch to that regime language
here's something you want many recent
studies suggest that having good oral
health impacts your overall health yet
most of us don't brush our teeth
properly you can start brushing your
teeth better today of course I'm talking
about q-tip introduced excuse me cute
well I think you have two things I like
quip and q-tip introducing quip the new
company that's refreshing the way people
brush their teeth starting at just $25
equip is an electronic toothbrush that
packs premium vibration and timer
features into an ultra slim design it's
half the cost of bulkier brushes it's
basically like apples design an apple
design toothbrush without the big price
tag you can even subscribe and receive
new brush heads on a dentist recommend a
three month plan for just five dollars
including free shipping this is an
incredible deal you have to see and
brush with it yourself quip is backed by
leading dentists and was named one of
Time Magazine's best inventions of 2016
plus they even won a 2016 GQ grooming
award and made it on Oprah's New Year's
olace and right now goats and right now
go to go to get quip dot-com slash
majority to get your first refill pack
free with a quip electric toothbrush
that's your first
a refill pack free at get quip dot-com
do t but excuse me d get free I'm sorry
get quip comm slash majority that's a
get G et Q u IP dot-com slash majority I
actually have this I got my came in the
mail last week I I've never been in an
electric toothbrush personally I think I
had one briefly in like high school but
I don't like basically the style of it
it feels like a flashlight you're
holding it it and it's I brush for an
electric toothbrush but it's very and
it's very inconvenient and you can't
travel with it yeah and it gets all like
there's all these little parts for like
their your toothpaste to get inside
equip is designed so that doesn't happen
and I appreciate that well I'm gonna
need to get on that um alright let's
just do one more real quick we get it
life insurance can mean confusing time
confusing confusing time-consuming that
there is ever a payout you won't ever be
around to spend it but one company is
making it a lot easier policy genius
calm is the place to go learn about life
insurance compare quotes from America's
top providers and save up to 40% on your
policy there simple user-friendly
website helps you work out exactly which
policy is right for you and find you the
best price and if you have any questions
they have a team of licensed experts
waiting to talk you through it
no call waiting no pressing a ton of
buttons to direct your call you get
actual customer service and they don't
just do life insurance you can get
health insurance and sure your pet and
you can protect your income whatever you
need if you're putting off life
insurance or you want to make sure your
life insurance you have is right for you
check out policy genius.com you can save
up to 40% just by comparing policies the
quotes are free and there's no sales
pressure and zero hassle policy
genius.com its life insurance for the
21st century now Donald Trump was of
course in Puerto Rico last week we
played it everything from his sort of
mind-blowing ly offensive and stupid
statements to the people of Puerto Rico
by the way do you know how long he was
in Puerto Rico where that highlight-reel
came from I'm gonna guess no more than
two
for okay all right always give the least
charitable interpretation okay for so he
was there and then of course we played
the and everybody ran with the toilet
the paper towel basketball shooting real
because it was just demented and bizarre
and weird and off-key and kind of
hilarious which would be I guess a good
expression of this whole administration
as Adam Johnson said the only thing
they're competent at is racism and here
is Donald Trump talking with Twitter's
most active and most unfunny user Mike
Huckabee on his new TV show about his
interpretation of throwing paper towels
I had people recovering from a major
catastrophe which he's just been
belittling for most of his time since it
happened over Twitter and on the ground
and then throwing paper towels at them
like he's in a shooting contest here is
explaining what the fake news missed
about it so we did a great job and we
weren't treated fairly by the media
because we really did a good job I mean
one example they had these beautiful
soft towels very good towels and I came
in and there was a crowd of a lot of
people and they were screaming and they
were loving everything and we were I was
having fun they were having fun they
said you all um told me throw them to me
mr. picker and so I'm doing some of them
so the next day they said it was so
disrespectful to the people it was just
a made-up thing and also when they had
when I walked in that cheering was
incredible you were a rock star I saw
the video of it it was crazy
the cheering was it was deafening they
turned down the sound so that you just
heard the announcer as Donald Trump and
I mean look the media's fake in the
meantime I'm here it's sort of amazing
so I'm here and I sometimes ask myself
how did I ever get here with the
horrible unfair publicity and I don't
mind look if it's fair if I do something
wrong
treat me badly but what we're doing good
it should be fair
the media is is really the word I think
one of the greatest of all terms I've
come up with is fake I guess other
people have used it perhaps over the
years but I've never noticed it and it's
a shame and they really hurt the country
because they take away the spirit of the
country we're doing so well in so many
ways I would say yes perhaps other
people who use the word fake over the
years yeah the media was totally unfair
to him they ran uninterrupted campaign
rallies throughout the entire of the
 primary season gave him an
unending amount of free coverage to spew
racism entertainingly dunk on his
opponents and just sort of do
freewheeling conspiracy theories and
love his crowds but now he stressed out
of his mind he hates his job and of
course the press is being incredibly
unfair there is an olive branch he
offers there which is when he's doing
badly treat him badly to which I say
okay I'll continue to treat you badly
you racist disgusting trust fund baby
daddy's boy increasingly unstable before
um this is apparently you know me undies
is not just for us and I believe I don't
I think I think some decisions have been
made actually but you know when I say us
I'm saying Matt and I as dudes the
undies is also very much for women and
um and I'm just gonna read this lady's
putting on good underwear in the morning
helps you feel confident powerful sexy
and ready to conquer the world for sure
it goes for Matt as well I think it goes
for anybody who has a sort of modicum of
self-awareness well made from
sustainably sourced naturally soft
fabric there's three times softer the
cotton me undies will be the most
comfortable pair of underwear you will
own plus they're super breathable and
come in tons of different colors and
styles including boy shorts bikini and
thong Matt there's something for every
mood in every occasion so you can always
start your
a strong 100% satisfaction guaranteed
and right now me undies has an exclusive
offer just for my listeners get 20% off
of your first pair Plus free shipping
and don't forget about the 100%
satisfaction guaranteed if you don't
love your first pair you'll get a full
refund
this is a no-brainer 20% off free
shipping 100% satisfaction guaranteed
what are you waiting for just go to me
and ease calm slash majority to get 20%
off free shipping and 100% satisfaction
guaranteed on the best softest underwear
you'll ever own
that's me Andes comm slash majority
that's a limited time offer so what are
you waiting for stop wearing start
wearing the best underwear of your life
it's changed my life it's changed Matt's
life since 2011 it's time to let me on
these change yours go to me undies
dot-com slash majority right now we will
be right back with Jake Asano on the
majority report
[Music]
I'm glad the pressures off your life and
a tough no stay down my time to get up
now my daddy down full-sized weekly your
full fight tequila and abused I'm there
and the mortgage be you when they tell
you when your best friends are born and
it's only you get a couple
[Music]
everyone
[Music]
baby
[Music]
for everything there's a melody yet for
every trouble there's a harmony
that brings everything together so I'm
requesting together
[Music]
welcome back to the majority report
Michael Brooks in the chair joining us
now is Jai Kisan oh he's a investigative
reporter for the International Business
Times je how you doing good good to be
back it's pleasure to have you back and
you guys have been doing some very
interesting reporting on a a Manhattan
da that is starting to resemble
something out of like a Batman movie or
something before we get you you have two
new pieces that you guys reported you
along with David Sirota and Josh Keefe
but before we get to that you know this
attention that has been paid to science
a junior in the Manhattan district
attorney's office goes back to his story
which kind of shockingly I think has not
gotten that much attention I mean
there's a lot of maybe and I think part
of it might be because everybody sort of
exhausted from chump Trump corruption
stories there's no surprise that his
family would be corrupt but the story of
essentially how'd about it seems as if
you know sort of almost just kind of
textbook simple paint by the numbers
corruption with Don Jr and Ivanka inside
Vance is sort of shocking maybe not
shocking for Trump's but it's shocking
for Vance until your additional
reporting came out but before we get to
that can you kind of run through the Don
junior and Ivanka corruption story
versed and the Manhattan district
attorney yeah it was a real bombshell
report that Jesse I think ur and the
joint team at ProPublica and WNYC came
out with last week and they basically
found that there was an aborted criminal
investigation into Don junior and Ivanka
Trump's real estate business and they
were lying about how well units were
sell
in there Trump Soho development so you
know kind of standard Trump family
business practice lie about how well
your business is doing in order to get
more business always maintaining that
image right and you know while that
investigation was ongoing Donald Trump
senior was apparently getting kind of
agitated that that investigation wasn't
closed so he sent his personal lawyer
Mark Kassovitz
on the case and capsids had given
$25,000 to Vance his campaign earlier in
the year Katz was met with DEA advance
and the case was dropped now it's true
that the DA's office returns a $25,000
contribution the cap so it's made once
he was involved in the case citing you
know their standard sort of conflict of
interest policy on campaign
contributions but after the
investigation was closed
Casa watts came back with an even bigger
donation for Vance and fund raised a
little extra on top bringing the total
amount of cash he delivered to Vance to
$50,000 mmm
so okay yeah so then yeah go ahead yeah
they they they started their own process
and he you know he raised even more
money and the really striking thing
about their story was that when
Catholics had that meeting with Vance no
one from the district attorney's offices
investigative team that was actually
working on the Don jr. and Ivanka case
was in the room it was just a meeting
between Casa with Vance and a couple of
his higher-ups and then you know and
recently and now Vance has given it back
several years later yes now once it was
brought to attention to the public side
you know he said oh I'll give it back
you know to sort of maintain that image
but of course looks even worse I mean I
you know right it's like oh well now
that this is this sort of unbelievable
case on the public record let me give it
back now before we get to the new things
that you guys have broke I mean can you
tell us a little bit more like kind of
kind of some of the basics of side Vance
you know he's not been
particularly high-profile he's a
Democrat his dad was um I believe
Secretary of State and the Carter
Administration he's a you know kind of
familiar sort of blueblood inherited
political power kind of figure but I had
not heard the sort of I I never you know
there was nothing kind of progressive or
interesting about science but there also
was not a sort of reputation of
corruption around him either yeah I
think he was kind of your your stock you
know family politician you know bred for
the office district attorney you know he
a couple of things he's been known for
is been a proponent of gun control and
opposed to digital encryption technology
but other than that he hasn't really
taken any stands that has been strongly
publicized as far as I know you know
it's like you said he's just kind of
this standard of stock figure so now in
in and all this is happening and there
was this bombshell I mean it was kind of
odd I mean can it really be a bombshell
it it seemed like knowledge of Harvey
Weinstein as every type of monster
imaginable I mean there's stories about
him and and rumors and everything else
of him as someone who was you know
harassed and abused women sexually and
otherwise there were stories about him
physically you know abusing subordinates
there's stories about him not paying
vendors I mean in many ways you could
say that you know Harvey Weinstein was a
sort of bit Mel self-made I'm probably
more genuinely talented kind of you know
a Donald Trump who kept up Hamptons
politics but there were a lot of
similarities there was a kind of sense
that you know that this guy was an
out-of-control monster and that
basically you know the New York Times
finally put this report together and now
it's going back decades in terms of
these weinstein abuses and the natural
question
was you know and and the smarter
question it was not to sort of you know
beat up on well why didn't you know
these women or other people who were
abused as his employees why didn't they
expose him well I mean that's kind of
obvious why people might have been
afraid to come forward or have been sort
of you know felt cornered into a legal
settlement but some of these behaviors
were so flagrant and some of the
accusation against them were are
literally like things that were like you
know publicly assaulting somebody how
did this not get criminal attention well
this is where a new report that you guys
put together comes in yeah and that you
know that was our first story into into
science and we basically found that
Weinstein's longtime lawyer David Boies
gave $10,000 to Vance's campaign a few
months after advanced drop the criminal
investigation into Weinstein and and
that investigation was specifically into
allegations from that the New York Times
reported from the Italian model Umbra by
Solana who said that
Weinstein asked if her breasts were real
groped them and stuck his hands up her
skirt so a couple months after that boys
gives $10,000 to Vance but that was also
only a fraction of the total amount that
boys his son and his law firm partners
gave advance over the years which
totaled in excess of a hundred eighty
two thousand dollars so it's true that
you know a little wrinkle to this is
that boys did not specifically represent
Weinstein in that 2015 sexual assault
investigation but he was Weinstein's
lawyer for at least a decade before that
at that point and he clearly had a close
relationship with Vance
he had headlined a fundraiser for Vance
previously so it still certainly raises
questions about a potential conflict of
