[Music]
Andy I know that you happen to be Jewish
but I also happen to know that you're
white and so I thought you would
appreciate this a Bill O'Reilly is
traveling at the moment if we're to
believe his Twitter feed and he is he is
standing in front of a sign in Ireland
faith go conte o Chabon I think is what
what what the science lacks people stop
complaining
welcome to County Cavan and Bill
O'Reilly tweets enjoying my time in
Ireland visited County Cavan where my
ancestors were evicted from their land
in night in 1845 that forced them to
come to America legally so they wouldn't
so they wouldn't starve pardon me if I
reject the white privilege scenario if
applied to my family
that's me silver and my people coming up
from Honduras you know what I mean come
in Legally whether they're escaping one
out of seven people being shot can't
they do it the way Bill O'Reilly's
great-grandparents did it he was
starving the way awake Bill O'Reilly's
great-grandparents came legally was that
it was impossible for an Irish person to
come illegally at the time that's right
it was actually there is no way and I
refers and could have illegally
immigrated to the United States
completely no laws that we have we were
starving but we were able to build
submarines that's not right into this he
would have had to come up with his own
he had to hired their own people to
Shepherd them I also wonder if his
family came over in shackles and was
then summarily auctioned off so that his
different family members went to
different places in in America and spent
a generation or two
but I won't tell you they didn't give us
three square circuits me about these
people they're like I know oppression
my family was oppressed therefore I have
no empathy whatsoever for anyone who's
oppressed now like that is not the
lesson that I would take from when I
think of myself I think Mexican
kids yeah how hard it is for a white
six-foot 12 white man to get ahead in
our society when 200 years ago there was
some prejudice directed towards Irish
people not easy well also to be fair
Andy as as a Jew you I sure am aware
that we were also in bondage in Egypt
and it took you know we're still I think
in some ways still suffering from that
that period of time in Egypt where we
were in bondage if that really Selby I
mean look we still have matzah right
because we didn't have time to bake it
then that's right and we still we're
still trapped by matzah actually Jews do
fetishize their own oppression and
should probably stop playing identity
call before I would before it became a
comic all I did was Pharaoh references
that's cool by the pharaoh when i did
the stitches do you remember this in
boston the stitches comedy riot
do you remember got worked in boston
that those like nixon clever right this
was sort of like the better of those and
it was a comedy competition for like you
know non non like amateur comedians or
you know and I can't remember who was
one of you know why did you know I did
my routine and it was like about Jesus
right it was like a Jesus routine and
cam neely was one of the judges he was a
famous Boston Bruins hockey player and
you would get the
ratings from the judges and it they
would give comments and he wrote okay
but need more current stuff what would
he say about dennis miller identifies
doing stuff mostly from this century or
at least I would say the 20th century I
was going back like I was going back to
the aughts the real odds you might only
need people who don't represent what do
you say so
here is oh oh and we want to do this one
before
well let's get to this after we do
Dennis Miller I wanted to do the bill
o'reilly thing as a way of practicing
this clip with bill o'reilly dennis
miller they're back at it now a miller
has his own show now
that's the dennis miller option you
can't get any other reception you think
I can have it without the Dennis Miller
[Laughter]
still playing great but fun
Michael and I are still planning to do
our show and we're gonna want you on
this Andy where we listen to Dennis
Miller and Dennis Miller episode and
just mock it in real time which we will
call the other Dennis Miller option may
be the better Dennis Miller the public
Dennis Miller here is here is Bill
O'Reilly in Dennis Miller this is on the
this is from May so it but I think this
is evergreen stuff the CG switches it up
from like day to day so this is already
super stale what do you think well there
might be reverences the movies made in
like 1982 instead of 79 I would
the topic is also pretty stale but this
one is of course about the scourge that
we're facing right now Andy with
everything that's going on I think
you're aware of this you must know it as
a performer the the the fact that we
have to deal with PC culture is just
killing I can't say anything racist on
stage anymore
without causing a big stir Barbara
so has politically correct behavior and
pressure influenced you at all in the
way you present sure that's what they
want that's what they're gonna get when
I was young and I was more fiery I'd
fight him you you really want to come on
posit for one second Andy I got to tell
you is so not into this he's got the
computer on his lap yes cuz you and and
it's it's almost it I I'm getting
vertigo watch I do that she I like the
premise that like you know back in my
prime I would defend a reference to
Caligula to justify why black people are
animals but today I have to tired hammer
i I don't at age 64 I'll be honest with
you it's I don't think it's coming back
you know me we've had this talk I don't
find it funny I find it disturbing I
don't sense anybody on that side of the
aisle who's doing all this finds it
disturbing and I don't quite see what's
going to bring it back maybe I read an
interesting article about Kanye West
might have tear torn a hole and by
coming on saying he loves trumpet a
person our that's right who's thought to
be you know a salient cogent social
commentator i I don't know much about
hip hop but I do know that my kid thinks
he's brilliant my one son maybe take
something like that but I do remember
this I watched Kanye West for years and
he always seemed insolent and angry and
often drunk when I would see him at
these awards ceremonies and nobody ever
said a word to them they chalked it up
to artistic license and then I remember
knowing I mean if I had voted
I would have voted for Donald Trump but
I think his family and loved ones had
him involuntarily committed later that
week to a sanitarium wait that'll show
I'm not even kidding there I remember
they put him in I thought that's what
you have to do to be committed by your
loved ones that's when the intervention
comes now when you say something like
why think Candace Owen makes sense now
they're out to get them so I can't even
find it mirthful I can't find anything
about it where is it yeah isn't that
crazy it is crazy and would I would I
alter certain things I would say in
these times yeah I would
how about the other comics that you know
they angry that they can not express
themselves the way they could about all
topics save intended for one second
right and like we always go back to this
people can express themselves any way
they want but what they can't do is do
stuff that their audience who pays to
see them doesn't like because then
they'll stop paying to see them or they
can say what they want and the audience
can say what they want no it's the
audience that is must toe the line of uh
also III I mean whatever I hate to do
this but like okay the the President of
the United States the former one called
Kanye West a jackass there was some
response to his previous Obama called
Kanye West a jackass on national
television but besides that there was no
respond even do it he doesn't even have
any Bop anymore he's just like to his
computer yeah you should just slam
Milano do you think he's on a computer
do you think he's just like putting the
the iPad in his la my god it's probably
the iPad hey the man knows his angles
okay iPads Bernina I mean this is just
sort of like I like the the the that's
what I'm always amazed by is like the
desperation of O'Reilly to have somebody
come on a show and the the like the
increasing sort of like hostility
that Miller shows to O'Reilly by like
I'm gonna make no effort like I can't it
could have been a phone call that's I
can't even be no one listening to the
these two guys just make it a Skype I
guess I can't even put on a t-shirt and
that's why I got to do this this angle
we got it we got Miller here it's time
for some new jokes I do like that bill
is still like like projecting as if he
was actually on TV right like you still
do a full performance it's comic frenzy
says comic friend
no that is every grower is like welcome
that we got a real firecracker we got
Dennis Miller here he's gonna break it
down for us yeah you know Billy I've
been thinking about killing myself
 doing a set at the at the club
the other night I just can't I think I
just want to die alright so Miller you
saying pcs not years ago I don't think
so I I think that listen even when
you're even when you're in the room as
they say
I don't know what the say billet is a
pretty crazy thing that was happening
it's it's almost like Orwell missed it
by 35 years yeah but I think if I think
if you told him that you can't use
certain phrases or you can't watch
certain movies that are considered
classics or you can't listen to that or
if you say this they try to ruin you
I think Laurel would say well I'm
looking to be I don't want to be so on
the Mohs about it I want it to be a
little more diffracted it is weird times
out there and the people who are making
it weird believe they're making it weird
in the name of progressive liberalism
and that's an odd mix I have to say they
care one second now Matt you gotta help
me out on this because I haven't read or
well in some time but was that book
about like a concern that audiences
would have a change in taste to critical
in 1984 1984 well yeah I just missed it
by 35 years where content producers I
would say I thought that's what homage
to kind of lone you do your gay jokes
anymore again Andy I said he says as
they say in the business in the room
what does that mean who who when the
businesses in the room like talking
about I don't think anybody says in the
room ever there's some insight that we
need here that only multimillionaires
show business people could possibly have
their finger on so Andy let me ask this
to you
what why like what I don't understand
about Dennis Miller and I guess any of
these people but it just does he could
he could honestly just be just as much
of an and be like I'm 64 years
old I'm a multi-millionaire I barely
ever work maybe I do need to work maybe
that's why he's upset maybe he's running
out of money it needs to work but why
would you be so unhappy if you had
written a bomb I'm living in Santa
Barbara on 9/11
you know we talked like this before but
was his make it's fiji water come late
9/11 or something i mean guy why did
9/11 turn him he's was the he's just
always been on second think let
so sad though III mean he could go out
he just you know I don't know there's a
lot of reasons why people are sad I
don't want to take him right ask for for
that as much as what he blames let's I
could send them to the wrong stuff
George I like to send them to an Ashton
Kutcher psychiatrist prank thing and
given the wrong drugs are like oh that's
a DS version of a Dennis Miller job
except the National and II joke it's
here's a slightly out of date cultural
reference that I hope it culminates two
things I think we need to give Dennis a
little credit for being about twenty
years closer to today and his cultural
references right okay only a little
while ago that happened and perhaps he's
come around to some sort of defense of
the rights of people with mental health
problems via this uh gambit I didn't
give a credit but you know so he uses
words only only he would say and he
Kanye's making a salary and cogent I
mean this is like that's like someone
who uses the word utilize instead of use
he's just so impressed with himself
because he knows seventy five words
hey the humors in the pronunciation all
right it's not his fault that you don't
understand humor did me say he says
mirthful was he being sarcastic when he
said that way goodbye how was he using
mirthful do you think maybe maybe Bill
O'Reilly accident
he sent Dennis Miller a sexual
harassment message and there's text and
between them no let's listen let's
listen more to this you know
Mel Brooks was in World War two he
fought in Germany and he was very
affected by the Holocaust and everything
else and now his movie that he won an
Oscar for screenplay if he had written
that now number one I wouldn't get made
they wouldn't make it and number two
would it be a microaggression
people were so sensitive they can't even
know he's talking about he's talking
about the the producers but he's
conflating it with like I think like
Blazing Saddles there something could
you make the producers now but they did
[Laughter]
point counterpoint Bill O'Reilly refused
to see like he he was thinking of like
Blazing Saddles with a sweeping say he's
in there you know that thing and but
then he moves it he he gets confused and
then he realize like I can't say the
Jews would be all over you people are
telling me that they think Dennis Miller
is on the toilet what's the over-under
on that do you think you know what his
career it's possible although that
lighting leads me to believe it's not
but go ahead made they wouldn't make it
number two would it be a microaggression
to all these people who are so sensitive
they can't even delineate satire which
obviously the producers is their
satirizing thing oh it is maliciously
poking fun at anything
Hitler was such an idiot if you watch
the movie bit Sean plays them as an
idiot okay but I I'm just stir because
by the way this also shows how out of
date Bill O'Reilly is because it's
modern
Republican media you just call Adolf
Hitler an idiot okay a little bit more
exactly but the the what's also sort of
stunning about this is that no one has
ever like we need to do produces
segments because it's anti-semitism
before you before he said it was who the
producers I was I was hoping he meant
Young Frankenstein and that it was
actually monsters everyone's who
continue microaggression part of our
lives now and now we we can't we don't
have freedom of speech anymore because
we say something even a harmless jest
then it gets rammed down your throat as
your some kind of Reason say you put a
Rican can I wrap this down your
throat your throat I just wanna remind
people the reason why Bill O'Reilly is
talking in his storage closet may or may
not be on the toilet it's because Bill
O'Reilly was a serial sexual harasser
something to do with this complaint
there's no freedom of speech you can't
continue to have your company pay off
$20 lawsuits a cheat a lot a little bit
boy vanilla that all of a sudden oh boy
free speech awaited someone would would
would watch the first part of the
producers and think they really were
celebrating Hitler watch that movie
I think maliciously poking fun at
anything other than the fact that Hitler
was such an idiot if you watch the movie
dick Shawn plays them as an idiot okay
but I I'm disturbed because it goes into
every part of our life
and now we we can't we don't have
freedom of speech anymore because we say
something even a harmless jest then it
gets rammed down your throat as your
some kind of racist fascist person I
mean what has happened I would say that
there most things I'll continue to say
but when you ask me candidly are there
certain things I put it this way
forget microaggression if Mel Brooks
made Blazing Saddles now go and use some
of that language it would not be a
microaggression it would be a macro
aggression in our eyes Mel Brooks if he
was of a certain age would have to be
destroyed if he was in his prime and I
can't tell you if they rerelease that
film and a theater just hypothetically
and it's not going to happen but if
somebody said it's time for a release of
this I think they tried to destroy what
is melted a 90 I think they'd go after
him now yup we would get our marching
orders destroy Mel Brooks I mean that's
the job I'm putting the idea that I'm
putting the idea in people's heads cuz I
let them know boy so Miller I'm just
giving an example say you go up to a
girl at work you say hey would you like
a little of Kirkcaldy County in you all
of a sudden do you guys think he looked
a little bit mad when he talked about
how they played Hitler as an idiot right
just like boron the Holocaust will you
Borah
they say he's stupid like he blew
something for them get so much credit
Hitler but the fact is he was an idiot
really you can see what Bill O'Reilly
has a great author when he was like that
Hitler was it Eddie least competent
genocide ever what's that Boston first
baseman that had that ground ball go
through his leg no the Andris Escobar of
the Jewish problem hold on for a second
did you send that to Matt all right hold
on for a second ladies and gentlemen
Miller it set us back 70
folks Dennis Miller wants you to know
he's paying attention to politics that
are happening just yesterday afternoon
when apparently Jeff Flake said that his
completely ineffectual critique of
whatever Donald Trump has done this week
Dennis Miller responds with henceforth
all snowflakes will be known as jeff
flakes so it is red moon so it shall be
done is that like a Star Trek thing
isn't it like or is that like I feel
like that was um that's like some
version of like a Bal star Galactica so
say we all
there's something like if it's late it's
a great tag though I'll tell you that I
don't know where it came from
it's got the reference Wow now Andy you
are a professional comedian
[Laughter]
how how how do you guys guru could put
that back up on the screen please we put
that like we give away a lie detective
no no Andy you are their professional
comedian I'm just curious how do you
guys come up with this stuff say
anything today you say anything you
shout out any even the widest racial
epithet and people are crabby do you
think that when he gets criticism for
being incredibly unfunny that he's going
to see this as a form of PC culture to
like it used to be
IATI anyone words replace him and people
would think it was fun used to be you if
you if you swapped two things I don't
