American people at best of our country
[Music]
I think the day I talk to sound was like
the worst day of my life
it produced an overwhelming sense of
impending doom
competition would start kicking in help
with connectivity
[Music]
if you like the stories you hear on the
majority report then check out the
Sierra Club's new storytelling podcast
the land
I trust season 2 of the land I trust
brings you fourteen storytellers from
across the western US who share their
experiences in harvesting protecting and
living with the four natural elements
with tales of climate change clean
energy and everything in between
listen to the land I trust that beyond
coal org slash stories that's beyond
coal org slash stories or on Apple
podcasts and stitcher
[Applause]
I keep referring to Obama as the magic
negro you like what you see now well
stop on this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport homage our
day rapport far more credible delay than
PBS and front one the majority report
with sam Sita
[Applause]
[Music]
September 20th 2018 my name is Sam Sita
this is the five-time award-winning
majority report we are broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on the
program
you
the Senate passes a spending bill funds
Health and Human Services and also gives
the Pentagon a raise whew
finally
you
new report shows that the so called idea
debaters are actually gateway to white
nationalists Republican governor hopeful
DeSantis his campaign with yet another
racist slip and apparently Sean Hannity
was the one who told Donald Trump to
declassify Russia investigation material
while the investigation continues
and lastly Mike Pompeo you'll recall
last week certified that the Saudis were
not killing civilians in Yemen turns out
he did so despite all of his staff
saying don't do it all this and more on
today's majority report yes folks it is
Thursday welcome to the program
the this will be well we've got that
trip to Las Vegas for the tort
conference in the first week of October
but you know we're we're now have the
Jewish holidays in the river Muir this
week will be the last week that is funky
we will get back to some semblance of
normalcy of course we won't get back to
any sense of normalcy for a long time in
this country but at least the program
will be more or less as it usually is it
is unclear at this point what's going to
happen Monday the as you know at the
beginning of the week I guess I I guess
it was Tuesday maybe by Monday it
appeared that Christine Blasi Ford would
be testifying on Monday of next week at
this juncture subsequent to her attorney
saying I guess so on Sunday morning or
Monday morning that she would testify
the
she requested which is basically par for
the course an FBI investigation into the
matter now it would be very weird for
someone who is lying to require to
request an FBI investigation which could
quite possibly debunk what she's saying
I mean if she was to get up there and
say there was no and it was quite clear
that the committee was aware like the
eff way I wasn't able to substantiate
any of your claims that there was a
party that they were there that anybody
heard about this none of it and on the
contrary we know that there was or was
not a party we know that there was or
was not other people at that party and
the FBI could could dig into it but the
Republicans don't want that they want
just to put a an accuser up there who is
very nervous about being in public
because of the death threats that have
obviously followed since she come out
etc etcetera she's got daughters
she's got daughters and the Republicans
were hoping that she would say she would
not show up it's quite possible she may
not show up on Monday however it's also
quite possible that she may start going
on television too on Friday and by
Sunday maybe she's on 60 minutes and
she's telling your story now Brett
Kavanaugh is not going to go on 60
minutes it would be awkward for him to
do so so it's unclear what happens it's
unclear what happens if the Republicans
go ahead and vote for Brett Kavanaugh
having essentially driven the witness
away from a hearing and what it's going
to mean for someone like Collins or
Murkowski so there's a lot of things up
in the air at this point
there's also this other story and we
don't know what the statuses of it of
federal judicial employees who may have
some information involving Bret
Cavanaugh's awareness that his mentor
Kaczynski famous judge federal judge who
was brought down by his own problems
with sexual I don't know if it was quite
assault but it certainly was
inappropriate propriety impropriety
showing porno to his clerks and whatnot
don't know what the status is of that we
may run tomorrow for members an
interview I did that will play on ring
of fire radio so if you happen to live
in a place where Ring of Fire plays
terrestrially we may run an interview I
did with Ryan Grimm who did who broke
both of these stories they're big
stories and I floated for him is there
any chance the rubble Republicans were
somewhat interested in keeping this seat
vacant he had that thought to he said
but hasn't hurt anybody articulate that
it definitely appears now that they
would like to vote Cavanaugh in but this
is changing minutes a minute I really do
think and so we will see we will see
what goes a forward but interesting a
detail on this video which you may or
may not have seen by now Brett Kavanaugh
apparently giving a speech and where was
he given this speech American University
at American University and
he was uh talking about his attending
Catholic University of America's
Columbus School of Law and I guess he
was um he was making a couple of jokes
about it but before he did and I want to
make sure that we provide this entire
context here at least I will read it off
because I don't know if we have the
video apparently the speech went like
this
our motto a jerk okay a motto at
Georgetown Prep was to be men for others
it was an all-boys school to me men for
others Kavanagh said and I know this
school this is uh he was at American
University this school helps teach its
students to be lawyers for others to
serve the public and to serve others who
are in need he went on to discuss
teachers and coaches he had and sayings
of theirs that he recalled then he said
this we had good saying that we've we've
held firm to to the to this day as the
Dean was reminding me before oposite
okay let me just add he said I by
coincidence three classmates of mine at
Georgetown Prep were graduates of this
law school in 1990 and are really really
good friends of mine Mike Pitts will Don
Urgo and full Merkel and they were good
friends of mine and they are still good
friends of mine as recently as this
weekend when we were all on email
together now started from the beginning
we had good saying that we've we've held
firm to the to this day as the Dean was
reminding me before before the talk
which is what happens at Georgetown Prep
stays at Georgetown Prep that's been a
good thing for all of us yeah all of us
all three of them and fortunately he
started that saying so here is saying
that at this speech now don't want to
make too much of this there's a
published version of this speech
and the chunk of speech that I just read
off about these sayings was edited out
now law school articles they added this
stuff pretty rigorously maybe it wasn't
relevant
maybe this stuff about put that in the
memory hole yeah who knows it wasn't in
the article but the point being that
there's a story to be told
apparently at this school and if we
wanted to know that story they would let
the other person who was accused of
being in the room
mark judge testify he is refused to
testify he could be subpoenaed seems
fairly relevant right I mean you want to
exonerate this Supreme Court justice
before he sits on the court but
apparently they don't think it's that
important to have mike mark judge there
in his 1997 memoir waisted tales of a
Gen X drunk marked judge it's talking
about a hundred kegs or bust that he and
Cavanaugh referenced on their prep
school yearbook who knows I guess we we
shall see all right we're gonna take a
quick break when we come back I'll be
talking to Professor Adam twos on his
book crashed how a decade of financial
crisis he's changed the world we right
back after this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome to the program a professor of
history at Columbia University author of
the deluge and his most recent is
crashed how a decade of financial crises
changed the world
Adam to's welcome to the program all
right I'm Camille now we're almost I
don't know I'm almost to the day I guess
maybe four or five days but pretty close
to the ten year anniversary of LeMans
meltdown essentially which was really
the I guess the I don't know the the
bell ringing in terms of this financial
crisis I think there's a sense there's
not necessarily a sense for most folks
in this country how sort of
international this crisis was at that
moment can you before we go back and
sort of do a run-up to the what happened
in this country and and it sort of the
political decisions that followed in its
wake
can you give us a sense of why there was
of the impact internationally and why
for a crisis that that emanated
presumably in the United States well
it's because the global banking system
is so deeply interconnected and so if
American banks like Lehman with a lot of
their business if what our American bank
locks or centers like the City of London
American money market mutual funds were
deeply invested in the debt of European
banks European banks had then flushed
the eurozone and they could be Ireland
and Spain with credits to create housing
bubbles that were much much larger in
proportional terms than the US has in
bubbles and I love this more that's a
in Spain as a texas-sized from the
global economy and then European banks
had returned puddle of that money to the
United States and invested very heavily
in securitized subprime and all of the
banks in the world whether or not
they're actually invested in subprime
all take money from an increasingly
large amounts of money in since the
1990s from what's called the wholesale
money markets or the the interbank
market and Oro directly from from funds
of various types and as de as the panic
spreads already weeks before Lehman but
Lehman really brought it to a head and
no bank anywhere in the world can get
can get funding anymore in those into
bank markets in those money markets and
that produces a global heart attack so
it goes all the way from South Korea and
Russia to of course the United States
but by way of most of the major banking
centers of Europe Frankfurt Paris London
that benelux so Belgium and Netherlands
and Switzerland of course all massively
affected and then that begins the split
outwards towards Eastern Europe Northern
Europe by way of the Baltic States and
Denmark and and suka and Sweden so it's
truly an interconnected system
globalization is for real banks are at
the cutting edge of it and so a crisis
anywhere affects everyone and is it the
same as it travels through this sort of
that that Bloods the stream in other
words the the the the what was
problematic in the States was was the
same as or created the same problem
internationally or did it it did it was
it a change depending on the locality or
you know how downstream from the initial
heart attack I guess was I mean in in
explain to us like is it are we talking
about sort of there's just no liquidity
or is it just that everybody basically
called in their chips at the same time
well that's what one everyone quoting in
their chips at the same time causes the
quiddity problem no Bank is safe if that
happens all of the banks were fishing
from the same cause of the crudity
so really in the first instance what's
happening in September our rate is
pretty much the same prices all across
the world I mean when we say the Noda
quiddity what we mean is just it's very
very expensive and it's marginally more
expensive in Europe to get dollar
liquidity than in the US but that was
enough to cause an absolute crisis in
Europe the European banks are larger in
their balance sheets not just in
relative but in absolute terms than
their American counterparts Lehman is a
relatively modest sized bank but there
are several banks in Europe which can go
toe-to-toe with the very biggest you
know Bank of America and Citigroup in
the US and they're all simultaneously
suffering this massive loss of liquidity
conditioned by uncertain losses on their
portfolios of deals investments which
will or will not be realized and find
out private they want to hang outside
out so everyone is building their
funding simultaneously and that then
begins to seed out very rapidly from the
financial sector that is real economy so
within weeks Chinese factories are
shutting down German factories are
shutting down Mexican factors are
shutting down this becomes very quickly
from being a real estate crisis being a
banking crisis to being a crisis economy
the most rapid for I'm sorry a professor
we're losing you just a little bit I
don't know if there's a lot 2008 so
things very quickly from being a ok and
a professor I don't know if you're on a
headset or what but we're it's cutting
in and a little bit cutting out just
just a little bit if if you're on a
headset maybe it would it would be best
to go directly into the phone but all
right so but continuing forward so so
moving backwards I should say at that
point what in the in the in the run-up
to 2008 like what is
how big is the wind up like where where
would you start counting the the sort of
the path to this crisis and I guess
maybe and it's your decision as to where
it was inevitable versus where there
could have been short circuits that
would have prevented getting to where we
got to but if you're talking about the
subchondral fault bubble that blows up
pretty quite quickly from 2003 for on
this early in there early on and
essentially Greenspan dumps interest
rates and bubble bursting and the shock
of 9/11 and that especially expect
surging refinancing business-minded
states it also reduces interest rates
around the world and how to the bubble
so to get going in in Western Europe as
well but that first day is actually
pretty much conforming standard Louis
mortgages it's really from 2004 onwards
getting sudden burst of what are called
private label so no panel menos Mac
authorized I'm sorry I'm sorry I faster
professor I'm sorry we're having trouble
with your phone commit maybe what we'll
call you right back
if that's okay okay I'm sorry alright
let me let me call you right back
what kind of look back folks we'll be
we'll be right back in just a moment
all right professor thank you apologies
so okay so you're saying that in the
early aughts
we saw a greenspan basically dropping
interest rates and inducing in many
respects the the returns that were
coming from the housing market and then
in 2004 we we entered into a slightly
different phase here's exactly this is
really one driven by private label
securitization and mortgages so this is
the classic subprime phase and that's
very sharp very sudden it results in
about trillion dollars worth of lending
and that's the bit which then ultimately
clicks very suddenly in 2007 i to crisis
mode it would however not have led to
the comprehensive crisis that we saw in
2008 if it had not been for the Fed but
over a longer time horizon really back
to the 1980s and early 1990s banking
globally had moved to a model of banking
funding which was based on wholesale
markets and the and the
the financing of fixed income assets and
it's really that the combination of the
two things the surge in subprime from
2004 funded through a model which had
been developing since the 1990s which
relies on this short term money market
based funding it's a combination of
those things together that produces the
possibility of 2000 and 2008
so our avoidance of that situation could
have either been a function of changing
the the broader context of our financial
markets or preventing that sort of I
guess injection of of like a high-wire
act in 2004 essentially right that the
the the the securitization on steroids
yes I think so it all hands that had
been on deck on the regulatory side from
2004 onwards it's possible that they
might have been able to suppress some of
the really low-quality a subprime
securitization that goes on the risks
that needed to be worried about were not
really you know that may not even the
country wise or the Washington Mutual's
what caused systemic risk was the fact
that you know this stuff was
accumulating on the balance sheets of
the city groups and the Lehman's which
had the massive networked into
connection with the entire financial
system there's one thing if you're
mortgage lenders specialized mortgage
lenders go bad which is what happens
saying the same loans crisis of the
1980s it's quite another it Keystone
commercial banks high street banks or
Keystone investment banks are entangled
in that same mess and the other thing I
guess that would have had to have
happened to contain this is is global
regulation of banking of a much tighter
variety of the type that we have now
with what's called Basel 3 so a much
closer attention to both the
capitalization of the banks to increase
their ability to absorb losses and
liquidity in other words their ability
to withstand runs of funding and those
have really been the key centres of
attention in global bank regulation
since since the crisis to just to
broaden out a little bit what was the
what what were the narratives that the
sort of the broader narratives that
either in in Europe or in this country
that people have been operating under
the like broad misconceptions that I
guess 2008 sort of you know upended in
in many respects well I think that you
know the most obvious one is the idea
that markets and and private actors
businesses in market can be expected to
adequately ensure their own risks by way
of various types of derivative product
and this was fundamental to the
