[Music]
the amazing thing about this trip was
and I don't care you know I mean maybe
you think that we're headed into a world
war 3 with Russia and this is the new
cold war and whatnot but the fact that
matter is I don't care what country it
is if we got word that that Israel had
done something like this to us and there
was and look granted we do this
obviously we do this as well but just as
I would look to the people of the
countries that we interfere with their
elections and imagine the citizens there
would be like hey you can't do that to
us
and hey you America helped put Pinochet
in like I don't like Pinochet and I
don't think this is right ok it's
perfectly normal to react that way and
say this is wrong we shouldn't do it and
they shouldn't do it and you can also
say like there was multiple reasons why
Hillary Clinton lost I'm starting to
think that this one
I didn't think necessarily before that
it was a reason I'm starting to think it
could very well have been a reason I
mean it's I mean demonstrably so I think
obviously took you long enough
Jill boy but with all that said the idea
that a president would go and meet with
the head of that country did not cancel
the meeting is strange right like the
first reaction would be like we're
canceling the meeting that's the way
that we punish we will reschedule for
three months from now the second thing
you would do would be to bring it up in
the meeting beforehand and at one point
he's asked by CBS like are you gonna
talk about this he goes I hadn't thought
about that I hadn't thought about that I
might I might do that
like yeah obviously there
not sitting around and saying like this
is how you should handle it mr.
president here is the beginning when
Trump and Putin this was I guess yeah
yesterday right or earlier this morning
I guess in Helsinki before the they
actually met and their press conference
most importantly we have a lot of good
things to talk about and things to talk
about we have discussions on everything
from afraid to military to missiles to
nuclear to chop and we'll be talking a
little bit about China a mutual friend
President Xi translation here ya know
the best part I like is aware where you
could just like Putin's just sitting
there gone like this guy's just naming
he just named the president of China was
just doing a list of things there's if
this is covering substance of topic this
guy is great this see energy of
narcissism and sociopathy is really
gonna work frankly we have not been
getting along very well for the last
number of years I've been here not too
long that it's getting close to two
years but I think we will
and exploit their relationship I hope so
I've been saying and I'm sure you've
heard over the years and as I campaign
that getting along with Russia is a good
thing not a bad thing
[Applause]
[Music]
did it bitter I think the world wants to
see us get along we are the two great
nuclear powers we have 90 percent of the
nuclear and that not a good thing it's a
bad thing
and I think we hopefully can do
something about that because it's not a
positive force it's a negative force so
we'll be talking about that among other
things
yeah now of course there's no benchmarks
there was no outlines of the agenda this
agenda was just sort of he's winging it
and and it wasn't the case of they
actually met with no reporters president
and well they met not only with no
reporters but no advisors and they had
only translators I wonder even if they
had two translators or just one
he said yes once I think we're good and
you know he was asked like earlier in
the week not that much earlier like two
days ago what's the agenda I'll tell you
when we're done which of course is
definitionally not what an agenda is
supposed to be also the the principle we
had of a journalist always being present
around the president so we can know what
they're doing and be sort of informed
well here I'll take you okay here's the
thing
and I said this on MSNBC this weekend
the best-case scenario is we have an
incredible lack of transparency
something that is fundamentally
anti-democratic we're not allowed to
know what the agenda is now of course
there's some things that maybe you know
secret that happens but to not not have
an agenda to have no benchmarks against
an agenda to not know what the policy is
to not know what the attempts are to not
know what was said to not have any
record whatsoever what went on
in that room it's just fundamentally
anti-democratic you don't need to think
that they're sitting in there and Putin
is saying you're gonna say this you're
gonna do that and you're going to do
this you don't need to think that to
believe that it's fundamentally
anti-democratic the way this went off
but that's the best-case scenario the
worst-case scenario
runs through Donald Trump being just a
total idiot going in there accidentally
giving away sort of strategic secrets
and whatnot and accidentally making
policies or promises that are going to
screw up things in the future we get
reports from Crimea regularly we've got
a guy in the office yeah
what are you talking about we know needs
us back reports we read those emails you
know there's a the the mid the mid the
mid-level possibility is Putin just goes
like what is the name of that guy the
the mall the mall that you have in my
cabinet oh good all right name I guess I
guess it makes sense because he isn't
dead yet the mid-level scenario looks a
lot like Hogan's Heroes
if anybody saw that with like Hogan and
talking to Colonel Klink know is that it
too old of a that's where the the in
this case the American POWs outfox is
the dumb German commandant so now I am
pou exactly the worst-case scenario is
of course that Donald Trump did in some
way agree to push a certain policy
outcome because of help that he was
getting during the election or because
of information that Russia has about him
or it has to do with his finances or
whatnot and Putin's in there just going
like look just say that we're gonna this
is what I'm gonna do for you
we're gonna we will investigate how's
that and you tell people that's great oh
thank you
you'll send in a whole team to
investigate I may do that for you no but
the bottom line after this whole week
the bottom line doesn't matter which of
those scenarios you believe the bottom
line is the rest of the world literally
the rest of the world would have to have
their collective heads checked out if
they relied on the United States going
forward the idea that our country could
have elected this guy should really
really terrify any other democratically
elected country in the world I mean the
the idea that you could the it is it
speaks to a real fundamental problem in
this country that you know for us may
look like an anomaly in some fashion
maybe people were you know just taking
out their frustration about the economy
and they elected somebody who's gonna
jumble things up that's not the way a
responsible person who's outside of this
country would look at this they would
have to say there's something
fundamentally unstable about that
population that they could elect someone
like this and I mean we need that for
reactions to people like you know your
haider being in in Austria like in
countries that are not nearly as
important as us there have been
reactions like what the hell is going on
there that these people get in your
office not the world's most powerful
most arms
yeah the stakes are too high for the
rest of the world and they're gonna
start a different trajectory and again
you don't have to be
you know an imperialist to perceive that
as problematic because we're still going
to have the weaponry and the the
physical reach that we have and as we
start getting the short end of the stick
on things it's going to give the
opportunity for you know Tom cotton or
Donald Trump in the second term to do
all sorts of other horrible things from
a frustrated you know on behalf of a
frustrated population that was used to
walking around with a big stick but also
getting what it wanted as opposed to
walking around with a big stick and not
yeah and when we say population we mean
the aggrieved minority we were just
talking about right yeah well yes I mean
but it
you mean the agreed minority that voted
for Trump right yeah without a doubt but
also it who knows maybe it broadens
because you know if there is a
perception that somehow like we're
getting screwed by everybody as opposed
to it being Donald Trump because at one
point we will be we will be left out and
there's nothing worse than then we can
see it on a daily basis then you know
people who had privilege and losing it
but unfortunately having big guns I also
would just like to add really quick like
I have no I think that things like NATO
do need to be fundamentally changed and
reformed and they are responsible for a
massive amount of human misery but I
also think that like people not able to
distinguish between evolving out of like
a post power dynamic world versus like
Russia regionally recapturing what it
wants and then China rising like that's
the same thing just with a different
model and frankly if we're being blunt
like a difference between China and the
United States when China's being when
the United States is being Imperial in a
place like Africa and acting on behalf
of rapacious corporate interests there
there is the ability of an activist in a
place to exploit the hypocrisy of the
United States to highlight an issue in
China there's it's like yeah we don't
care about those things at home either
right grew yourself right exact on
exactly oh really are we creating some
pollution in Africa yeah so all of the
hypocrisy --zz that are real about us
are also pressure points like when the
State Department releases abuses in a
country that we're supporting and arming
that is ridiculous but it's an opening
there's not China's like alright here's
three billion dollars and here's a bunch
of workers right and do whatever the
hell you want get us our money and shut
up that's it and I would say about NATO
and I you know I've said this before I
feel like we expanded East more than we
should have and very aggressive and
there's some real like you say
fundamental problems with NATO it also
though you know when you unwind from a
situation that has basically prevented
in it's not like we weren't you know we
did have two major world wars where tens
of millions of people were due who were
killed that's bad well that's thought
well that's even I would argue even more
so the European Union which is really if
you scrapped the financial mechanism
which is awful the EU is a very
defensible project in terms of what it's
built wasn't Gorbachev's idea though
that Russia should join the NATO I
believe Russia was like yes just habit
and we'll all be part of it yes the
world security yes that was the real
that wasn't that was a big mistake
damn I mean there there there should
have been a lot more inclusion but I
think there was you know people wanted
to maintain a certain dynamic because it
paid yeah and then we terrorized Russia
in the 90s we had them privatized
everything we increased poverty and we
let the Mafia take over the country
Jeffrey Sachs assuming we make it to the
next election I think it should be a big
issue just broadly speaking I think
Americans are losing their taste for
empire maybe not the ones who voted for
Trump but a lot of us sure are so
hopefully I think Bernie Sanders is
taking steps to lay out a sort of left
foreign policy that's distinct from what
we've seen in the past from both
Democrats and Republicans and I hope
that that continues to happen totally
and I just think in addition to that it
needs to be post all Empire not just US
Empire
