Brooks joining us now is Brian Muir
Brian Muir he is the editor of the
Brazil wire and editor for Brazil wire
and he's an American who's resided in
Brazil for 22 years
Brian thanks so much for being with us
thanks Michael how's it going it's going
really well I'm glad to be talking with
you people who you know watch or listen
to me on the jury report or watch and
listen to me in the Michael Brooks show
know that I am a very attentive follower
of Brazil a strong supporter of Lula
somebody who was also a big admirer
manok I think the case of Mariela Franco
is also incredibly important and I think
that Brazil is important in the know of
itself and I think that the dynamics
play there are you know parallel a lot
of other very important situations in
the world today and I've really
appreciated your work and help sort of
orienting me to what's going on in the
ground there so thank you for being here
let's work backwards a little bit
there's a context for what's happening
in Brazil but let's start with the
events of really the past week
what did Lula Lula
Workers Party decide to do with regards
to nominating him for president which he
still leads in the polls and a so-called
plan B if the court still thought him
what's the electoral play the Workers
Party has come up with okay well you
know we're currently living in kind of a
state of exception in terms of law and
the laws been manipulated in all kinds
of ways and so the electoral courts
pulled a maneuver last week requiring
all parties to report who their vice
president would be early and they gave
this order out like on Sunday so that
all parties had to come up with a vice
president on their ticket by midnight
Sunday night and so the PT strategy
which is the workers hour that's just to
tell ya
sorry no no problem PT is Workers Party
go ahead okay yeah their strategy has
been to wait until the last possible
moment to register Lula's candidacy
because for his candidacy to be barred
it's gonna take a while in the court
systems and so the longer that they wait
to register the bigger the chance that
they won't be able to cancel his
candidacy until after the elections
which would be a big big problem for the
Conservatives so they had this pressure
put on them and they came up with the
idea but there they would announce
former San Paulo Mayor Fernando Haddad
as his vice president candidate with a
stipulation that if he's allowed to run
officially when he registers on the 15th
of August
he'll changes vice president candidate
to communist state senator from he'll
gradual su Manuela Davila and if he's
not allowed to run then Haddad will be
the presidential candidate and Manuela
Davila will be the vice presidential
candidate for him so either way you look
at it Manuela Davila will be the VP
candidate and she's of the Communist
Party in Brazil so what does this move
say about the kind of because there's
also you know the other sort of
understanding half of Brazil is at the
left has been very fractured and Lula is
kind of generally you know I'm first of
all he's the most popular politician in
the country and he also seems to be the
one that kind of generally unites the
left the bed do the best job of that so
what is this sort of triple play say
about the left unifying and specifically
the role of the Communist Party with the
Workers Party in this climate of you
know being outside of the rural law
essentially okay first of all there's
this kind of myth in North that
fragmented the left party and at the
left was being really divided but it's
not really true if you if you look back
there's one political party that's been
making a lot of noise about the left
being fragmented in the past which is
called peace soul it's the socialism and
liberty party but inside but this is
their electoral rhetoric because inside
of Congress they always sided with the
PT and now their presidential candidate
is openly supporting Lula's right to run
and the left is more United than it's
been in like twenty years at this point
this that being said the Brazilian
Communist Party is not really a radical
Left Party there is center-left there
like Social Democrats even though I mean
they're not arguing about seizing the
means of production and creating a
dictatorship of the proletariat or
anything they're talking about you know
more funding for education and better
public health system so that despite
their name they're essentially a solid
center-left political party that has its
roots in a big labor union Federation
called the CTB and in the National
residents Association Confederation
which is the second largest social urban
social movement in Brazil so they have a
strong base there are medium-sized party
and they've been pretty faithful to the
PT for the last thirty years you know
although they do have their roots in the
armed struggle against the military
dictatorship during the dictatorship
there were a Maoist guerrilla
organization that's fascinating alright
so we're gonna get back we're gonna get
to the to the roots of this in a second
but just the final note obviously Lula
has been in prison for several months
the Brazilian media has drastically
limited his ability to communicate to
the general public which even itself is
odd I mean this is a my understanding is
you know sometimes in Brazil's an
example people who you know headed like
drug cartels could do a TV interview
from prison they've not allowed Lula to
communicate but through you know his
meetings with his lawyers and and others
so and sort of mapping strategy for the
party and also what Haddad has said
as well as Manuela what kind of issues
are they talking about both in terms of
I would assume running against austerity
but are they also talking about taking
on some of the structural issues in
Brazil like media concentration that
help sort of you know lead this sort of
right-wing you know count you know
right-wing aku I guess we could call it
going back for the last several years
some of it some of the areas that were
more fundamental and structural in
Brazilian society and Brazilian
oligarchy that that weren't put into
play before are they talking about that
yeah yes they are the big battle right
now is then all of the left and
center-left parties are saying the same
thing other running candidates is to
revert the privatizations and structural
adjustments that were pushed through
after the 2016 coup the the Brazilian
left is unanimous in calling what
happened in 2016 a coup and the top
issue is this reverting the neoliberal
reforms that were made to workers rights
and reverting the privatization of the
Petrobras petroleum company and undoing
the constitutional amendment that was
passed freezing public health and
education spending for 20 years so
that's the top issue however Fernando
Haddad gave a press conference yesterday
and he was talking about this issue with
media concentration and the media
oligarchies now you know you can make a
lot of criticism about the PT
governments and a lot of members of PT
themselves are very critical of their
own government they never had more than
22% of of Congress and so it's a
different situation in the US where you
you know you have a president and he has
a majority vote they always had to try
and get things done by coalition's and
one of their biggest mistakes was not
trying to break up the medium
police and you know everyone realizes
this now and so Haddad was talking about
this yesterday and it's not just a
question of breaking up monopolies the
the big media companies in Brazil
received funding from the federal
government a lot of funding in
advertising money and this is something
that Global Television organization is
the biggest media organization in Brazil
it's one of the biggest open-air TV
networks in the world
after the crew president Michel temer
increased funding for them by like fifty
percent and they received millions and
millions of dollars a year from the
government the least that PT could do or
any left candidate who wins the election
in October could do would be to stop
giving them so much money right stop
subsidizing the opposition I did let's
first we'll get to the events I think
you know starting maybe in 2014 and
Dilma's government and there's
anti-corruption Drive and get into that
but looping back to the beginning for a
minute let's talk about Lula's time in
office because one of the things that's
striking to me about it as you said that
both for very practical reasons in terms
of their ability to maneuver Parliament
the concentrations of power and
Brazilian society and politics and also
it seems in maybe in some ways you know
Lula has own instincts this is not at
all a radical government
it was my read and incredibly successful
social democratic one that did seriously
improve a lot of people's lives and Lula
obviously has an incredibly unique
political talent but it was not
something that you know plenty of
oligarchs could have been satisfied and
in fact many of them did incredibly well
in the Lula years because commodity
prices were booming the BRIC nations
were incredibly well positioned in that
kind of 2003 to 2010 period I even
during the economic
meltdown is that read right I mean what
was Lula's presidency actually like and
why would these people be so I mean is
it just like in the United States even
the most moderate you know centrist
Obama style kind of approach freaks out
the right-wing billionaire class what is
it okay I think your assessment is
correct you know I've lived here during
that entire time this idea that like
Lula betrayed the left is perpetrated by
these kind of radical Vanguard leftist
intellectuals but the fact is the PT
pretty much disassociated itself from
being a radical Left Party in the early
1990s and Lula sent a letter to the
Brazilian people about eight months
before the elections in which he
explained this government is not going
to be that far left I have to deal with
the international financial institutions
if I'm going to get elected so everyone
knew and he went up and met with the
people of the World Bank and the IMF and
told them that he wasn't going to
default on their loans you know before
he ran for for office to placate the
markets if he hadn't done that he
wouldn't have been allowed to take the
presidency and so he started with a
government that was trapped into these
conditionality agreements because of IMF
loans that Fernando and he keha Cardozo
had taken out and in 2005 he paid back
all of the loans him and nestor kirchner
announced on the same day that they were
paying back all their loans to the IMF
and the next day the IMF had to layoff
around 2000 people because they were
making so much money off of these loans
right okay so at that point he swung to
the left farther you know because with
the conditionality agreements over he
was able to drastically increase social
spending so he increased money for the
education and health systems he created
an affirmative action system that's
based on social class more than race
which is quadruple the number of black
students in
federal universities and he doubled the
number of students in free public
national universities
well quadrupling the minimum salary so
he did a lot of things he wasn't like a
Obama style rector at all
right yeah he was solidly Social
Democrat but not radical left right
they've maintained some neoliberal
policies macro economically like a
floating exchange rate and an
independent central bank that pleased
the people up in the north you know and
this is why at the time you had the
economists praising Lula and Obama and
people like that because they considered
Brazil to be and Argentina to be
positive examples as alternatives to
Hugo Chavez in Venezuela for other Latin
American nations to follow they were
really trying to isolate Chavez so the
minute Chavez died it looks like they
just turned on all of the center-left
governments in Latin America and you
have this rolling back of the pink tide
that Mike Mark Weisbrot is talking about
this last week on real news about how
all of this Center left and left
governments in Latin America are being
forced out of office with us
collaboration so that's an interesting
thing yeah well we'll get to that in the
second and car wash but yeah so that
there was a truth obviously that as an
example Lula and Chavez followed very
different politics and there was a more
there was a social democratic and a more
I don't know how you define shout I mean
I'm still confused as to how to define
shot this is politics to be honest but
there were different politics at stake
the United States was trying to pivot
them against each other but inside the
region it seemed like all of these
governments I mean that they weren't I
mean Lula wasn't trying to me in
conflict with Chavez at least not you
know overtly I mean they it seemed that
they all had a sort of acceptance that
we're all sort of were doing I mean III
just read an excerpt from Castro's a
recent Castro autobiography which sort
of just spoken word interviews with it
with an interviewer and he praised Lula
and he said you know obviously
on a totally different path than us but
you know he's cutting poverty he's you
know he's combating racism in Brazil
he's bringing healthcare to people like
this is part of our same mission and it
seemed that those governments were
actually able to recognize their
alliance themselves in spite of that
sort of attempt to pit yeah you're
exactly right yeah you're exactly right
the attempt to pit you know to hold up
Argentina and Brazil is a positive
example to Chavez did not work in Latin
America all of the left's Latin American
governments formed alliances together
they met they talked a lot together and
it comes down to this comps concept from
Gramsci who was a big influence on the
PT Party which is the idea that the left
if the left is going to take power in a
capitalist system and through a
democracy it has to build counter
hegemony and so Lula felt like he was an
ally to Venezuela and Cuba in the sense
that there was a big effort underway in
Latin America to create a counter
hegemony to American hegemony you know
to show that there you didn't have to
follow the Washington Consensus to to
build society in Latin America and this
was a thorn in the side of the United
States obviously every yeah very much so
and including in its more you know sort
of herbivorous varieties um every time I
talk about Brazil
I'll get well a lot of III do get a lot
of appreciation from people in Brazil
who kind of follow you know this type of
media in the United States and
appreciate it but there's always whether
it's on Twitter or elsewhere you know
usually the sort of oh you don't know
what you're talking about
you know Lula and PT were part of were
both you know massively corrupt and so
on and it did seem that there I mean
there was this car carwash investigation
that started and this sort of
free-floating corruption rhetoric
starting if I'm correct in about 2014
Dilma Rousseff is
Lula's successor she's actually really
fascinating and in many ways impressive
figure in her own right but not as
politically adroit as him and maybe and
was you know dealing with a totally
different global economy uh and then you
know this thing called car wash comes
along so what is car wash and again with
some you know let's also have
objectivity here I mean did it did it
implicate members of the Workers Party
like what what are the actual charges
and the specifics and what did it reveal
and and in fact as you alluded to before
what was the u.s. role okay well I'm
glad you asked this question
it all starts basically you can go back
to 2002 2003 with Otto Reich Otto Reich
the cold warrior Cuban State Department
American you know talking about
corruption being a new enemy and in
Latin America in general but really it
starts in 2009 in 2009 Hillary Clinton
appeared on c-span and said democracy in
Latin America is not enough the United
States has to work to strengthen
independent judiciaries in Latin America
that year according to cables that were
leaked through WikiLeaks there was a
conference in Brazil called bridge to
the future in which Judge Sergio Mora
was a key speaker in which US Department
of Justice officials and Brazilian
judiciary talked about setting up
partnerships to combat corruption in
Brazil and they suggested in these
leaked documents that crudité but would
be the city where this could happen okay
during the years that followed it was
uncovered by Snowden that the NSA was
spying on the Brazilian petroleum
company Petrobras
and around 2014 as you said this
investigation started up called
Operation car wash which is a joint
investigation between the US Department
of Justice the FBI SEC and the Brazilian
Public Prosecutor's Office and federal
police but it was funny of
it's a small branch of the prosecutor's
office and the judiciary based in
curitiba led by this judge named Sergio
Moro okay so they uncovered a lot of
corruption which is not hard to do you
know in the private sector especially in
the petroleum and the construction
industries which are two of the five
most corrupt industries in the world
right I'm from Chicago you know where
you don't even have a bidding process
for public construction projects and you
know if you scratch under the surface
and construction in Chicago you're gonna
find all kinds of corruption right going
on right so it's not it's not that this
corruption isn't happening
but they failed to you know they've
uncovered all kinds of things like on
audio tapes and videotapes of top
officials from other political parties
receiving bribes and in one case 2014
presidential candidate air seal Navis
threatening to kill a witness right you
know these guys are all free but they
managed to find one person talking about
this apartment that Lula allegedly
received reforms on and this is how the
case was built against Lula what's
interesting about it is that in 2009 the
US Department of Justice set up a case
against Senator Ted Stevens in Alaska
alleging that he had received illegal
reforms from an oil company on his house
and this caused him to lose the election
re-election and then the Department of
Justice was the entire case was reversed
and members of the DOJ were accused of
prosecutorial misconduct for violating
Brady law in other words hiding evidence
that's beneficial to the defense of rely
entirely on plea-bargained testimony by
unreliable witnesses etc etc the case
against Lula is very similar to the Ted
Stevens case that in this case they
weren't even able to
prove that never owned or set foot in
this apartment
that and after he was arrested a
squatters movement led by presidential
candidate gallery' Boulos invaded the
