corner of paper on one reason because
she was gay if he called her pre-birth
he called your child a previous he was
gay but your son was gay this is
something people need to stop and think
about he's posed uphold the Constitution
Constitution said all men are created
equal but how's my daughter a pre birth
just cuz she was gay does it mean she's
born gay I don't know the answer dad but
she was gay there she is
are you a man of faith am i a man of
faith yes ma'am
being out here tonight what do you hope
to accomplish I don't know what I'll
accomplish I really don't I had mixed
emotions about coming but somebody needs
to speak up and if it's all to no avail
so be it it won't be the first time I've
done something to no avail
okay now probably my sign there speaks
for itself and my sign is truth sir how
far we drive with his fifth yes I'm only
about 15 and 20 miles away
I was born here at Miller City so are
you suggesting that suicide was because
of no I'm not suggesting I'm not
suggesting that I was anti-gay myself I
said bad things to my daughter myself
which I regret but I can't take back
what happened to my daughter but stuff
like saying my daughter's a pre-birth
cheer I'm sure that bother her now you
know judge Moore I just said my daughter
he didn't call my daughter by name he
said all gay people are pre Virts
abominations that's not true we don't
need a person like that representing us
and watching
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
I'm Michael Brooks were broadcasting
live from Brooklyn left his best
headquarters with super producer Matt
lek hello there bringing it down a
little bit Madi super producer David
Slovak he is on the discord he's roaming
Twitter
he's the digital guerrilla of the
operation fee or Titian and Chief David
Griscom he's here he's eager to get on
Mike did that come through go for it
again do that Texas thing again man how
are y'all doing boom there it is on
today's program Nathan Robinson of
current affairs we're talking about ben
shapiro coolkid's philosopher or
Sophists little twerp maybe I'm bearing
lead here but we'll explain how we get
there
dick Coughlin he is a conic youtuber
he's a funny guy he's joining me for a
little bit of an extended pyramid
segment because we are throwing Dave
Rubin in it I'm sure will let him out on
a furlough and throw him back in again
one of the biggest pests of the internet
age we're gonna take a whack at him
tonight and then Alona miskova which I
know I mispronounced minkovski Alona
McCaskey I gotta just think I'm like
polish here alone in the calf ski she's
Michael Brooke show crew she's joining
us in studio we're talking about the
results as they come in from Alabama
Donald Trump's decision to inflame
Israel Palestine but formalized what
u.s. foreign policy in fact already is
and a whole lot more plus we've got some
new sound from Nelson Mandela's radio
show responding to the controversy of
last week
that we were involved in and new news
from Barack Obama which implicates this
show and his program and even potential
patrons you're really going to want to
hear this
this is a jam-packed show and of course
alone is staying with me through the
postgame thanks patrons thanks everyone
let's go let's start with a really
really exceptional speech that the UK
Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn gave
in Geneva at un United Nations
headquarters in Geneva a couple of days
ago where he outlined a new model of
global human rights which is really
integrative and speaks directly to our
time now obviously there's several
different facets of human rights there's
human rights as we commonly understand
and it's true in fact there's regimes
across the world which could identify as
right or left or center there's us
propped backed regimes there's Russian
propped and backed regimes that violate
human rights as we understand it
commonly they engage in mass killing
there's significant limitations on the
press jailing of political prisoners and
silencing of dissent even though no
Western nations fully fulfill any type
of commitment to upholding that type of
Human Rights we at least commonly
understand those parameters of human
rights those are important of course
we're going to need to add the
historical and present reality that we
don't live up to those conditions and
connected which Jeremy Corbyn did
brilliantly in this speech with economic
human rights the reality that capitalism
and global agachi is incompatible human
rights as well as the consequences of a
global despoiled environment and
accelerated climate change and the class
dimensions of that Jeremy Corbyn set
this up historically by talking about
those sort of doublespeak double
conditions and the historical reality of
Salvador Allende who everyone needs to
know about let's take a little listen
from his speech here now
the world's largest corporations and
banks cannot be left to write the rules
and rigged the system for themselves the
world's economy can and must deliver for
the common good and the majority of its
people but that is going to demand real
and fundamental structural change at an
international level the United Nations
has a pivotal role to play in advancing
a new consensus and a common ground
based on solidarity respect for human
rights international regulation and
cooperation that includes a platform the
Democratic leaders to speak truth about
unaccountable power as has happened in
this very chamber and in New York one
such by which took place on the 4th of
December 1972 when President Salvador
Allende Chile elected as president of
his country despite huge opposition took
to the rostrum at the General Assembly
in New York he calls the global action
against the threat from transnational
corporations that do not answer to any
state any Parliament or any organization
representing the common interests no
months later Salvador Allende was killed
in General Augusto Pinochet's brutal
coup and that ushered in 17 years of
dictatorship and turned Chile into a
laboratory for free-market
fundamentalism but 44 years old all over
the world people are standing up and
saying enough to the Unchained power of
multinational companies to dodge taxes
grab land and resorts
rip the heart are the workforces and
communities so that's perfect because
that qu the CIA Baku at the behest of us
corporations to destroy Salvadorian days
effort to essentially implement a
moderate social democratic program in
Chile exemplifies all the trends he's
talking about from contradictions inside
u.s. foreign policy and Western foreign
policy to the reality that you cannot
separate economic justice with the other
norms of justice that are broadly agreed
upon rhetorically in the Western world
the other aspect that's happening here
is that we are finally having leaders
Bernie Sanders has also been talking
about the global oligarchy and
inequality is the preeminent human
rights issue of the time who recognized
that the disconnect that happened in the
1990s when you had these great
Liberation's the fall of the Soviet
Union the fall of apartheid South Africa
that heralded in a new wave of openings
of human rights of democratic
participation but were coupled with
corporate power austerity and rape and
pillaging on the half of the global
oligarchy across whether it be the
former Soviet bloc or Africa
contradicted those movements to the
point where you couldn't substantively
say even at the time we were really in a
serious fundamental structuring of a
democratic wave and now those movements
themselves have been so hollowed out by
the logic of capitalism that of course
even the things that we celebrated in
terms of initial openings have been
totally undermined as in the state case
of state capture in South Africa or the
reality of Putin's Russia you can't have
human rights without economic rights and
in the future any time some oligarch is
hanging out at some Ballroom talking
about human rights if you're able to
look them in the face and I don't know
why you would be you can say it's your
fault you're part of the problem if you
want this global human rights wave then
get taxed at seventy percent of your net
worth
and that's how we do it this is an
incredibly important step forward and
it's a guy who I think will become the
next Prime Minister of the United
Kingdom
speaking from the position of the seat
of Western Empire it's powerful stuff in
some ways that was a shout out that was
interesting I don't usually turn the
commentaries into shoutouts they're
usually more like condom Nations they're
either there trend and brand insights or
condom Nations not usually shoutouts
that was a new vibe and now we got to go
to the shadow I can't believe so the
only reason we're still using Birdman
for the shout out music is because my
friends who I am about shout loop navel
who is a patron of the show insisted
that we use Birdman again for a shot so
I have I'm I have no choice did you know
that Birdman dates Toni Braxton that's
 weird I just found that out the
other day still blows my mind the bird
guy is dating Toni Braxton I wonder what
kind of like church girl issues she has
anyways it shouldn't distract myself too
much but seriously
Toni Braxton from Birdman is
ridiculous um alright I get it
Matt loves this song so my good friend
Luke Mayville who is gonna be on the
show soon and we're also gonna actually
be doing some calls with and some
trainings with is in academic he wrote a
really well-regarded book on John Adams
and inequality that came out recently
all energy on oligarchy that's right
excuse me he is the reason that John
that David Griscom is in this studio in
fact because Luke taught this narrative
well at American University and then
pawned him off to me wasted yeah he
wasted he curved me he totally Foster's
like I don't know this kid he carry
really likes Bernie Sanders you're gonna
you know delete my number
so anyways Luke in addition to being an
academic is the co-founder of a group
called reclaim Idaho
which is a grassroots effort that
started in 2017
they basically organized a door-to-door
grassroots campaign to save funding for
a local school they're literally doing
bottom-up successful organizing in one
of the most conservative places in the
United States and now they are pushing
for on Medicaid expansion which is
nothing could be both more important
obviously for human needs and also
politically a potent for destroying the
right and here's Luke Mayville in our
shadow we're gonna play a clip of him
reclaim my toe he's going to talk about
reclaim Idaho's accomplishments and
getting Medicaid for everyone that needs
it in the great state of Idaho very good
news for for long difficult years our
Idaho legislators have refused to expand
Medicaid that means that for four years
we've been sending federal tax dollars
to fund programs in other states
while our Idaho legislators have failed
to bring that money back into Idaho and
those our tax dollars that could have
saved rural hospitals from closure all
across the state could have created
14,000 new jobs and could have extended
quality affordable health care to 78,000
Idahoans who desperately need it here's
the good news tonight for the first time
ever you can visit Medicaid for Idaho
org and you can download a petition you
can print out a petition to put Medicaid
expansion on the ballot to give Idaho
voters an opportunity to do something
that Idaho's legislature has refused to
do I cannot be more proud of my friend
Luke healthcare is an incredibly potent
issue it's a real issue there's no
contradiction all forms of emancipation
and justice are vital connected and
interlocked but the tip of the spear for
us has got to be in that basic zone of
survival
and combat it's disgusting that not
everybody has health care it's
disgusting that we're defined by this
kind of inequality that's how we win the
fight if you're new to the show right
wing Mandela is a character that it has
many sort of parents many many years ago
Dave Chappelle did a sketch called
Nelson Mandela boot camp where he wore a
Mandela shirt and a wig and beat on kids
and called he was like yo let talk
it's a photo of Nelson and he got them
in in a headlocks
a couple years ago more relevant in the
real proper founding of right wing
Mandela we heard a clip of rick santorum
claim that fighting obamacare was the
moral equivalent of what mandela was
doing and fighting apartheid and i sat
down on a one row deck is quiet provide
and ever since then it's been a
character i want to just read something
know that i did not know this is an
amazing book it's called shades of
difference and it's written by Perrigo
Malley who I know he's a great Irish
journalist I've interviewed him a couple
times he writes on conflict and it's a
bio of a guy named Mac Maharaj
fascinating guy who's a kind of upper
level African National Congress Millett
military operative and revolutionary and
and served in several governments and
including the Zuma government Mandela
wrote the foreword to this book and this
forward is very very different than most
Mandela Ford's because he had a
different type of relationship with Mac
he's kind of like a mentor to him there
was rivalry there was ribbing it's not
just a kind of usual like three you know
sort of like he was a great asset and a
swagger Thank You OTD Bock it's a long
serious and actually a kind of
fascinating window into the more broad
contours of just sort of the kind of
what a fascinating brilliant person
Mandela was but I do want to say here
and I have said and people who people
have said not just me but first and
foremost me myself that my comedy is
psychic one of these jokes I used to do
is when Josh friend of mine and the show
used to call I used to say Josh how was
your mom as in right wingman
calling out Josh's mom this is a story I
have to pick it up in the middle of it
because I don't have time to read the
whole thing but this is a verbatim quote
from Mandela he and Mac Maharaj were in
Robin Islands here their mock raha Raj
served time the same prison that Mandela
was in and this is after Mac Maharaja's
mother had just visited him I'm gonna
take it from there this is Mandela now
when he audit on from the cells that
afternoon I bumped into Mac Mac and
asked him how my girlfriend was doing
that is how I jokingly referred to a Mac
smothered
that is a verbatim quote from the real
Nelson Mandela that made my day I made
my week it's a great book we have some
found audio from the other Nelson
Mandela from his radio show that we're
going to play before we get to the
patreon pitch and Nathan Robinson right
now
[Music]
alright okay alright everybody cut it
cut the music Mandela show okay we need
to address this I never lied to the
audience this is in fake news it's not
the globe emoji news it's a real news I
don't lie to you last week was a setback
and I say it that way of are a reason
because Mike son of äj-- who's our total
freelance are he's a loser talks about
the gorilla mindset I was in the gorilla
mindset when he couldn't even do date
rape yes I call this guys are nothing
he's a Twitter Lisp who is totally free
lat
he went after Samantha Rachel cedar
prominent Jew someone who if you are
creating a storyboard of ultimate
liberal wospac nuisance you would
literally create Sam's image I've been
on Samantha show off your times and by
the way if you ever talk to me the way
he talked to Mike renovage I would drop
him I would lay him out and he's a nice
guy
he got fired from MSNBC because of this
tweet which was a nothing tweet liberals
apology liberals do rape all the time
Mike son of itch finds the one thing
that's nothing and now we are humiliated
it was a major loss this week we need to
disassociate from weird Mike I mean it's
weird Mike that's his name total freak
weirdo gorilla mindset more like
mentally disabled wannabe by noble
mindset cut bait
Alex cut bait time to move forward we'll
be back we'll get there never know Ron
McKenna which is a plant more soon on
Mandela show
[Music]
Wow I had no idea how much Mike thern of
itches had traveled fat I mean
it's weird Mike it's true it's weird
Mike weird makes letting the team down
weird Mike Oh weird Mike now he's
dragging his wife on camera yeah weird
very weird stuff weird make is really
replacement level fascist talent yeah I
mean I don't see MIT weird Mike is
irreplaceable I'm sure I could get
somebody do the same thing without a
weird voice sad um looks like a Ryan
Gosling that went bad
yeah I guess if Ryan Gosling got bloated
 up had some type of weird charge
in college Lisp and was sort of like a
weird parallel unattractive Love Train
huffed paint couldn't pass the bar sad I
guess that reporter that's true except
for Huff paint it's the only thing we
don't know but though God knows what's
in that pills that that schmuck is
taking it was I actually get worried
about it what I see those things I'm
like dude stop ingesting yourself you
okay patrons we are moving we hit I
believe eight seventy today we obviously
our next stretch goal is nine hundred
and then we get another match from a
patron who's gonna hit us with a little
sort of really a little bit of a little
bigger dose at 1000 yes this is
definitely a dog pound pitch absolutely
no it's perfect keep playing them I'm
into it it's not instrumental you're
trying to sabotage the show dude snoop
dogg talking about dr. Dre's testicles
being in easy ease nuts mouth rather is
not how we pitched the show if you need
a style guide it's putting Dre day a
patron pitch to my dear patrons
no but seriously the instrumentals great
okay we're back on safe ground here I'm
waiting for the lyrics to drop
anyways look we are not able to do this
without you
we are free of oligarch overlords we can
fight back in the win against fascists
we can create all of the content you
need to then whoever we want to send and
more importantly build an entertaining
rigorous innovative and just powerful
platform for this new left Vanguard this
future we need to create we're playing
some role in it and your funding allows
us to do that plus you get a ton of
extra content I'll explain it to you
more in depth again next week but for
now please just go to
patreon.com/scishow MBS if you have any
questions about the new patreon change
or anything like that just let me know
reach out to me on Twitter and message
me on patreon but for now that is where
