yesterday we played the a clip from the
debate that I had with Charlie Kirk at
politican and as we were playing it it
was a TYT recording 20 minutes was
missing and it was 20 minutes in the
middle of the debate and it came in at
about 20 minutes in right about 24 yeah
and so what we're going to do and we
were gonna we were going we're doing
obviously we're playing the the debate
and we're giving a commentary we were
gonna try and stitch it in but then we
realize like wait I'm wearing a
different shirt and so we want to put
this video out there if you in
particular if you are a young person and
you come across Charlie Kirk you should
know that a lot of what he says is not
really sound and we're going through
this debate to show you that it's really
a lot less this debate at least in my
mind there's a lot less about me winning
Chara beating Charlie kirbo winning a
debate or whatever it is or or murky
what is it working yeah working just go
with that
Sam it was really more about giving
folks who are not aware of what he is
selling more insight into this product
being defective and you know maybe some
decent packaging but when you start to
dig into it it's not very substantial
but so here is the middle segment of the
debate and then we'll just run into the
to the beginning of the debate so
forgive us but this is this is what it
is we're picking up now we're talking I
think about taxes right and and then
we're gonna get into regulations no
you're right so tax cut we're an average
middle-class family had a $2,700 tax cut
where you have the corporate rate that
went from 35% of everyone now III said
in the other
we should also say that we're speeding
it up so that people can go through this
is you know without spending hours the
average tax cut was $2,700 but the
median far less closer to 800 so when
you add together the tax cuts of the
millionaires and the billionaires with
the middle class the average is $2,700
just like if Bill Gates and I were in a
room our average net worth would be 30
billion dollars but I got to tell you I
did not win the Mega Millions last night
so I don't even have I don't even have
hundreds of millions at this point but a
lot of corporations did not pay that
they used loopholes of which I disagree
with completely went down to 20 per 20
percent effective in January and they
use that money to invest in capital
infrastructure or they repay tree
buybacks so see using the money not by
not exposing so stock buybacks
how about companies where the actual
employees on the stock and then their
own net worth goes up aren't they part
of no class I am sure there are some
members of the middle class who
benefited from the start of the tax cut
that's what I'm saying Sam the
overwhelming thrust of the tax cuts goes
in do the wealthiest pockets via either
stock buybacks or through capital gains
or through having an S Corp and getting
and paying less in taxes so look we
could cherry-pick things you can say
Illinois I could say the the worst 16
the the lowest 15 states in the country
terms of education are all run by
Republican governors except for
Louisiana which had Bobby Jindal for
eight years up until 2016 but
cherry-picking doesn't work you wouldn't
a lot of things wouldn't me to
cherry-pick that's my deposit let me
just say here now I don't know if this
was appropriate on my part by
cherry-picking in his organization I
think in my mind at the time I will cop
to this I was going to maybe bring up
the fact that his number two for a
couple years at this organization who he
went on to praise and praise and praise
turned out had to be fired only after it
was leaked by someone else that she was
writing all sorts of
things that were of racist sentiment
things like I hate blacks I'm sorry I'm
just gonna say it I hate blacks
or cherry-picking like you know the
Florida division of his organization
which you know had a private sort of
slack or whatsapp saying you know don't
mention Richard Spencer too much he was
a guy who was just accused of domestic
abuse in addition to being a white
supremacist and don't use the n-word too
much and don't and see if I get this
quote don't hate Jews
just because too much so you could
either hate Jews just because they're
great qualifications if you had reasons
too much but or that they were kicked
off some campuses because they were
funneling in thousands of dollars of
dark money to influence student
government campaigns so that they could
end all so he was caught up in something
where he was intimidating some some
left-wing voices on college campuses I
probably look up Ferguson huh that was
with Niall Ferguson right with now
Ferguson I was fun I probably well I
don't know if I should have brought that
up or not maybe it was wrong of me to
sort of do it in that context but that's
what I was alluding to I just want to
cop to it alright continue the
philosophical difference cuz I don't
believe when someone gets rich someone
in here but we don't need to but that
data okay but the date right so the day
fight Sam if you want to talk data and
Charlie I'm gonna give you the last word
on this yet but I mean so again I was
thinking maybe because again you were
just talking about cherry-picking and
then you were cherry-picking and I was
trying to talk about philosophy which is
I don't believe in a zero-sum game I
believe in a market economy when you
trade both parties equally get richer
when you trade and standard living goes
up prices go down and you have abundance
you've an abundance problem that a
scarcity problem in the West but just
I'm trying to maybe maybe I'm failing to
understand how because the Left seems so
adamantly opposed to the policies that
have delivered us a 4.2 percent GDP rate
the lowest ever black unemployment rate
the lowest ever asian-american
unemployment rate the lowest Hispanic
unemployment rate the lowest veterans
unemployment since 2001 a $2,700 average
middle class
cut and and the economy is still good
Obama's trying to take credit for it and
so but Sam I can you give some credence
to the idea that when you have when you
when you lessen government burden you
couple that with a massive deregulation
the largest deregulation agenda in a
hundred years is there so is there are
you willing to give an inch to say that
maybe something Trump has done has
benefited the well-being of people in
middle class all right well you keep
repeating the same thing and I keep
explaining it doesn't make it less true
Sam well it makes it I'm explain to you
why it's irrelevant because yes there
has been a trajectory where we have seen
all the unemployment games that you've
talked about we have seen stagnant wages
that is a fact the buying power of the
middle class is dropped you talk about
rolling back regulations let's talk
about that let's talk about that I'm
glad I want you to name three
regulations that have been rolled back
that have helped the middle class and
I'll name three that have hurt the
middle class
how about rolling back Obama's war on
coal okay that has created hundreds of
thousands of jobs throughout Appalachia
and brought down utility costs to 30
states huh positively I should probably
let that roll because if you let that be
a drop first of all full-on key change
the the folks who lived in West Virginia
and Appalachia in the audience everyone
started laughing at charlie kirk at that
moment you can just simply go and google
ja a coal jobs created and well almost a
million jobs I actually did j.cole and
it gave me the rapper J Cole threw coal
jobs created in the news and you will
see that there is been maybe like
somewhere around 3000 jobs that have
been added with coal across the country
I mean you're still seeing like well you
see this point yes so I think you can
conceive jobs
there was there's a new round this is
from the Tribune review new round of
grants will help coal impacted
communities there's been a hundred and
20 jobs created from that I mean there's
probably you know thousands of coal jobs
maybe that have returned but not
hundreds of thousands but here continue
ok that has created hundreds of
thousands of jobs throughout Appalachia
and brought down utility costs over
thirty states yes so so this is laughing
in the front why I smile and I'm happy
when the people West Virginia actually
have jobs unlike what Hillary Clinton
said we're gonna destroy all your jobs
we're going to find another way to give
you meaning that's one and also if you
go that EPA agenda there is a specific
regulation under the Obama era that
categorized lakes and tributaries in the
backyards of certain farmers as oil
spills that's number two and number
sorry walk us through this by saying you
can't jump yes am being condescending
about a fact it's not making any less
true so under the Obama era well wait a
second I'm just asking you walk us
through so how be a mapping farmers jump
pesticides in tributaries okay that's
not what I said they classified lakes
and tributaries in the backyards of
certain farms as oil spills which the
complete mischaracterization and abuse
of the Clean Water Act of 1976 so that
was a that was a abuse of power under
what I like to call the employment
prevention date how many jobs do you see
that were created by that well it
definitely saved all these farmers
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
legal costs and the fact that they can
still be operating would you like more
regulation Sam how about one more how
about the thousands of consumer
regulations that were finally rolled
back under the Consumer Financial
Financial Protection Bureau so that we
do not have to go through excessive
amount of regulation to get small
business loans happy to defend that any
single day I'm happy to defend the
deregulatory agenda of Trump against the
excessive regulatory agenda of Obama so
there there's three first off for first
off all right so first off let you start
with this Donald Trump has not roll back
that many regulations that's the reality
the rate in which our regulations have
grown has definitely been slowed he's
done about half of new regulations that
Obama and Bush did up to this point that
is true but let's talk first about the
Galatian that you mentioned in terms of
the coal-fired power plants
this will cause 3,600 deaths 90,000
cases of asthma 1,700 heart attacks the
expenses associated with this are in the
hundreds of millions of dollars the
mercury and air toxins rollback will
cause 11,000 deaths annually the
asbestos rollbacks will cost for up to
40,000 annual deaths the EPA the Trump
EPA says that for every one regulation
$1 worth of regulation that costs an
industry or what not $14 of economic
growth are are generated what's an
example of that lightbulbs for years
conservatives were angry about light
bulbs I don't know if people here old
enough to remember this but the idea
that the u.s. government would require
more efficient light bulbs was the the
loss of Liberty in a to a scope that we
can't even imagine what has happened is
consumers have saved tens of millions of
dollars because they don't have to
replace these incandescent light bulbs
we've seen in terms of in terms of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
save consumers 90 million dollars worth
of bank fees in the last year the Obama
administration alone caused it for one
second this is incorrect I misspoke it
did not save consumers ninety million
dollars worth of fees save consumers in
the last year 900 million dollars over
the course of the life of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau
up until the Trump administration
basically stopped all of its of its its
investigatory actions it's it's attempts
to stop you know mal factors like Wells
Fargo and whatnot it saved consumers and
returned to consumers thirteen billion
dollars thirteen billion with a B but
continued real quick so I misstated that
number
real quick do you think Charlie mister
took that environment the employment
prevention line did he test that with
his mom first I have it a little bit of
like that's a very funny joke charlie
very funny you use that when you debate
that be man from Sex in the City
that's a nipple line that's useful if
you're doing like dumb radio well he his
whole thing sounded like in that moment
like a campaign speech but you're right
is a little morning zoo too because
there was a he else is really I didn't
notice this as much as first but he's
very in the school of like if I'm wrong
or I've said something that just doesn't
sound credible if I raise my voice and
act like the teacher
act like I'm no no I will I will double
down on that then that that confidence
will power me through nonsense it also
seems like some capitalists might be
sneaking into the nebulous middle-class
category when he talks about the people
who own farms and businesses right all
right let's let him go the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau saved
consumers 90 million dollars worth of
bank fees in the last year the Obama
administration alone not so one there
has not been one enforcement action
since the Trump administration has taken
over so what's the CFPB budget what is
the budget
it is completely funded by fees that
they get from the bank now okay so so
forcibly take money away from the people
that are depositor and then say that
they're saving ninety million dollars of
fees on the back that's not the way it
works deposit for one second
so the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau was set up in a way that would
inoculate it from a a Republican House
or let's say a Democratic House that was
in some way hostile to it but it is
clearly was set up to avoid pressure
from politicians because it is self
funding its funds its operational funds
come from fees it collects from banks
but then Charlie has a problem that cuz
he thinks that's unconstitutional
because Congress can't defund it
but here when you deposit your money so
so the famous make money by people
putting money in house it you got to go
back here because this is also really
important for people to understand
Charlie does not seem to understand how
banks make money or he assumes that
depositors would have to pay these fees
to the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau but when you deposit money they
may charge you some bank fees your
checking account maybe you get a free
checking account maybe you get an ATM
fee or whatnot Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau actually also cap
those but I think the Republicans rolled
that back but so you get fees for
putting your money in there but these
are not fees that are associated with
their fees to the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau the bank doesn't take
your money to pay these fees they have
to pay it out of their profits you are
aware that the body of the bank doesn't
just sit there Sep well here here we go
your bank fees in the last year the
Obama administration alone
one there has not been one enforcement
action since the Trump administration is
taking over so what's the CFPB budget
what is the budget
it is completely funded by fees that
they get from the bank now okay so so
forcibly take money away from the people
that are depositor and then say that
they're saving ninety million dollars of
fees on the back that's not the way it
works no when you deposit your money so
so the things make money by people
putting money in it and then they borrow
it out so those are depositors so you're
taxing the depositors to then put on the
back end of the government agency that
is run and a the CFPB sure can be
completely abolished as an
unconstitutional agency and it's used as
a weapon bankers do not loan out their
depositors money exclusively that's why
you have capital controls they loan it
all exclusively that is one form and
function of a bank but it goes back to
you well obviously goes back to you know
most the money in your bank section out
in there Sam you know that's right okay
that's the way a bank works so you have
the FDIC that insurance it up to a
certain amount but that money is
probably somewhere else in the economy
on loan or on lien to somewhere else to
try to make the bank money so when
you're taxing the bank to try to fund
the CFPB you're actually taxing the
depositors you
yeah you are you're taxing the money
within the bank the bank is comply
comprise the people up with the money in
the bank know you're taxing the profits
they make off of their land they make so
so let's talk about banking so first of
all they make money off okay with
regulation they make they make money
they make money off of most of the money
that banks used to make until dodd-frank
was off lending to small businesses and
local communities but dodd-frank
completely obliterated the idea of the
local community bank we have seen a
sharp decline in community banks we have
not seen a sharp degree happen to
community banks unless you look over the
past thirty years where we have seen a
precipitous decline of those banks
because of mergers and acquisitions
right so we simply saw it I will repeat
myself because it's correct since 2010
some financial crisis dodd-frank was a
weapon used against small community
banks that has hundreds of millions of
dollars of regulation that put on small
and local community X you know who loves
God Frankie know who's lobbying against
the repeal of dodd-frank something that
you and I can agree with governments act
I mean Goldman Sachs which completely
owned the Treasury Department in both
administrations by the way whether be
the Bush administration the Obama
ministration or the Trump administration
government Sachs has an inside-out
access to our to the Treasury Department
they are lobbying against a repeal of
dodd-frank now why would that possibly
be because dodd-frank is used as a hedge
against small and community banks to
protect the Wells Fargo's of the world
the JPMorgan Chase's and the Goldman
Sachs and so they use regular use in
calling for a 21st century
glass-steagall Act we can deal with
government we can deal with government I
would I would actually I think we should
get rid of the carried interest
deduction I think you and I could have
caused it now that's now listen this is
sort of a stunning I will join you in
supporting another thing that will
massively benefit wealthy investors no
no the carried interest deduction is is
something that we should be repealing it
is so completely far afield from the
glass-steagall that at that moment I
realized he doesn't know any of what I'm
talking about
I don't think he knows what a 21st
century glass-steagall was I'm not even
convinced that he knows what the
original glass-steagall was so Charlie
if you're listening I'm going to tell
you right now and you can obviously look
this up but glass-steagall
