[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we read one day we hold these truths to
be self-evident that all men are created
equal that they are endowed by their
creator with certain inalienable rights
that among these are life liberty and
the pursuit of happiness but if a man
doesn't have a job on income he has
neither life nor liberty and a
possibility for the pursuit of happiness
he merely exists stated that we spend
three hundred and twenty-two thousand
dollars for each enemy we kill in
Vietnam while we spend in the so-called
war on poverty in America only about
fifty three dollars for each person on
the Vietnam
undergoing a riot or redistribution of
economic power yeah yeah
[Applause]
only has dignity but you were doing
another thing you are reminding not only
Memphis but you are reminding the nation
that it is a crime for people to live in
this welcome to the Michael Brooks show
we are broadcasting live from Brooklyn
left his best headquarters with super
producer matt black howdy and head
theoretician david Griscom how's it
going there you go sir producer David
Slovak he is in the discord the
Twittersphere roaming the digital
universe all part of this guerrilla
operation on today's program Danielle
Ebel Ellie he is the host of the history
on fire podcast also co-hosted the
drunken Taoist podcast we will talk
about one of my favorite topics in a
major part of the show hidden histories
history on fire elicit histories why
they matter and how Taoism and martial
arts influenced his adventure then bash
Garson Cara Michael Brooks show crew on
the socialism of the moment what we have
to learn from the Bolsheviks and the
Swedish Social Democrats and a strategy
for the left to win now all that plus
the pyramid returns and we are throwing
a global macro financial institution in
it and a very special shout out taking
us to south
Africa Bosch car stays with us through
the postgame we've got some great sound
and video for you Donald Trump throwing
Jim Acosta out of the White House out
leave Jim totally unfair all that and so
much more plus of course your IMS and
calls and discord questions on the move
on the Michael Brooks show but first
we're starting with a place that Donald
Trump called a and I'm not
gonna focus on Donald Trump's disgusting
comments like so much of the
sanctimonious liberal media although the
sanctimonious liberal and centrist media
is playing somewhat of an important part
there are basic baselines that we had
reached as a country which even though
they were totally insufficient for
confronting economic violence for
confronting systemic racism they were a
modest improvement and Donald Trump and
his uniquely grotesque stupid and
bigoted and I feel like I'm living in a
1980s Queen sitcom Way is going about
destroying them every day so when he
calls countries like Haiti as
or El Salvador's or Africa
 in core parts of Africa
all the response that either oh this is
him being vulgar and how dare the
president use terminology like this or
even the accurate recognition that of
course he's an absolutely huge grotesque
racist first is not special to him in
the context of American history Johnson
Nixon said all sorts of racist things
Reagan Bush Senior Bush jr. and Bill
Clinton engaged in all sorts of racial
politics and neither by the way is some
type of kind of easy idealization of
places that really do have some very
difficult economic and social conditions
why well primarily because of massive
massive Western and US intervention and
abuse and we're going to focus
specifically tonight on Haiti but you
could just as easily be talking about al
salvador and of course throughout the
continent of Africa Latin America the
Middle East and basically anywhere else
that has gotten in the way of the
impulses of US empire but let's talk
about Haiti Haiti is a fascinating place
and of course was a country that was
founded in a revolution overcoming a
slave system expelling the French the
Haitians gained independence in 1804 the
United States did not recognize Haitian
independence until 1862 and they
provided aid to the French fighting
against Haitian revolutionaries because
they were afraid that the anti-slavery
rebellion might of course spread to the
American slave holding States Woodrow
Wilson in 1915 sent in a military
brigade and held high D under military
occupation moving forward the United
States supported the Duvalier family
which is one of the most vicious
grotesque gangster families ever to run
a nation they engaged in mass killings
they were quite friendly the u.s.
administrations and continue to degrade
Haiti grow poverty and of course play a
very specific type of fusion of capital
and sort of appeals to a certain type of
identity populism which we see globally
is a problem and really fundamentally
counter left moving forward
jean-bertrand Aristide who was a
liberation theologian who attempted to
make some reforms in Haiti was removed
by a military coup in the early 90s
which was supported by among others the
Cali cartel that used Haiti as a
transport route for their drugs in terms
of their global operations in the 80s
and 90s our steed was returned to power
with the modest support of the Clinton
administration but pressured by world
financial institutions as well as the
u.s. to conform to Orthodox read pro
corporate protein policies and
eventually in 2004 he would be removed
by a military
kuu that was of course supported by the
Bush administration and in effect flown
out of Haiti and then a UN peacekeeping
force a UN stabilization force would
move into KT and let me just touch on a
few other highlights starting here with
an apology that Bill Clinton delivered
in 2010 this goes back to a program that
Bill Clinton supported which basically
forced Haiti to drop tariffs on imported
US subsidized rice during his time in
office so in other words it was a major
benefit and Clinton will acknowledge
here in an apology he delivered in 2010
to the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee that he pushed a policy that
benefited farmers in Arkansas and then
flooded Haiti with cheap imports wiping
out a significant portion of the Haitian
agricultural sector which already
devastated the islands limited attempts
to have economic self-sufficiency here
is Bill Clinton in 2010 acknowledging
the era of this catastrophic policy the
United States followed a policy until
last year so we started rethinking it
that we rich countries that produce a
lot of food should sell it to poor
countries and relieve them of the burden
of producing their own food so thank
goodness they can lead directly into the
industrial era it has not worked it's
maybe been good for some of my farmers
in Arkansas but it has not worked it was
a mistake it was a mistake that I was a
party - I am NOT pointing the finger to
anybody I did that I have to live every
day with the consequences of the lost
capacity to abuse a rice crop in Haiti
to feed those people because of what I
did nobody else
Annie Vanessa acknowledged what he did
several years later Haiti was impacted
of course during Hurricane Matthew with
an even greater food shortage because of
those same Clinton a policies moving
forward according to WikiLeaks releases
in during the Obama administration the
State Department under the leadership of
Hillary Clinton pressured Haiti to not
implement a $5 a day
wage increase a factory that had passed
the Haitian Parliament in June 2009 to
result in a the ambassador to Haiti at
the time from the United States put
pressure on the Haitian president Rene
Preval at the time and called for a more
visible and active engagement by perve
all may be critical in resolving the
issue of the minimum wage and its
protest spin-off or risk the political
environment spiraling out of control
Haitians laborers make products for
companies such as Fruit of the Loom and
Levi's rely on paying that country
incredibly cheap wages the United States
arm an arm with the garment sector the
Obama administration the Clinton State
Department pushing to keep those wages
low and substandard even as Clinton was
on his way to apologizing that same UN
force that it was in there after the
removal of John Bertrand Aristide which
was in fact a coup which in fact
activated power militaries and gangs in
Haiti that received support from the
Bush administration and others that same
UN forces you'll see in this al-jazeera
clip on on on the event of their
departing or at least somewhat scaling
down was responsible for among other
things a massive cholera outbreak in
Haiti which killed thousands it is also
left having to clean up a number of
problems which it created including a
cholera epidemic caused by its own
troops which killed more than nine
thousand Haitians it was about time for
them to go we are better off without
them and we will be fine the UN was here
for its own purposes not to help the
most vulnerable Haitians I think things
are getting worse in this country
everything is more expensive and you
cannot trust authorities to do anything
things are so bad I think that only
Jesus can help us
the stabilization mission will be
replaced today after its mandate ends on
October the 15th by a new smaller 1,300
strong UN force that will work to
improve Haiti's judicial system and of
course there are corruption allegations
that plagued the current Haitian
administration there's no change in
policy of course from the Trump
administration in terms of laying siege
to Haiti and trying to exploit its
resources and acting at the behest of US
corporations the only difference is of
course stripping protective status for
Haitians fleeing from an earthquake and
a complete failed recovery that had
temporary status the United States in
absolutely an act of distinct human
cruelty and racism by this fascistic
disgusting grotesque bigoted
administration they need to be taken on
in every way shape and form but don't
listen to all sorts of people
sanctimoniously calling them out for
profanity when the whole history of our
policy and relationship that Haiti has
been nothing but one of Imperial
vulgarity exploitation and abuse those
in temporary protective status must stay
here we must fight against them every
step of the way as long as all the other
immigrant populations that are being
racially attacked and really white
supremists almost Nazi s quays by this
disgusting administration and we should
never let people who have the good sense
to not call places holes and seem
to have like a bare minimum of crossing
out of base racism get away with their
support of quote unquote woke abusive
and in fact fundamentally racist and
exploitive policies guys don't even have
anything to say it's the kind of rant I
went on we how late did we start today
guys like three four minutes and only
three four minutes all right so let's uh
let's get to the I and apparently the
the the spin right now is that some
Republican senators
that are sort of saying that he didn't
exactly say apparently the spin
is that there's debate as to whether he
said or house I think we
call it a distinction without a
difference yes and this is of course and
but but you know Dickie Durbin was there
negotiating so good for Dickie Durbin
for blowing the whistle on this scumbag
but I don't know what kind of deals he's
willing to make with these thugs the
gutter the Democrats should threaten to
and hold the line on shutting government
down over clean Dhaka and not run
interference for these people in any way
shape or form they're disgusting they're
incompetent they're white supremists
their count their history their count
their anything that even I mean when you
even have Don Lemon coming out on TV and
be like they're racists I mean you're
done there's no there's no subtlety to
it but by it but by that same token I
you know that you know the Clintons have
come out and you know used all the right
verbage to describe just how disgusting
these comments about Haiti and El
Salvador and everywhere else are but I
think it's also quite disgusting to ask
act at the behest of Levi's and Fruit of
the Loom to keep people in starvation
wages and it's disgusting to support the
device are aesthete is back in haiti
and politically marginalized let's get
to the shoutout we have birdman' birdman
is just it's just taking on a life of
its own
[Music]
any guys more thoughts on the Magnolia
shorty name for your future daughters
and of course I want to give a shout out
to an organization in South Africa that
I'm sure Birdman was thinking of when he
made this track the National Union of
metalworkers of South Africa which I
know in many interviews Birdman had said
inspired this track it's a Marxist
Leninist
Union organization that represents the
metal workers of South Africa they broke
off from the tripartite at the tripart
alliance which backs the African
National Congress several years ago in
in 2013 because of the ANC support for
neoliberalism and austerity and they now
say that they're fighting this sort of
next forms of economic violence and
oppression that they're confronting
being new forms of apartheid through
class struggle in South Africa so what
this Union does is it is rooted and the
deepest traditions of radical unionism
of radical democracy and was part of the
historic struggle against white
apartheid in South Africa but it is now
pivoted from an ANC government that is
embraced global capital and is now
devolved to just immense capital
corruption under Jacob Zuma's really
grotesquely corrupt administration Cyril
Ramaphosa is taking over the ANC is a
billionaire and potentially implicated
it were at least involved through his
encouragement and the killing of wildcat
strikers at the Maracana massacre so
South Africa needs a renewed independent
class struggle and this union is doing
it and we want to recognize it and give
them a shot at the National Union of
metalworkers of South Africa an oompa
check them out and check out patrons
for future felicity histories there's
stuff coming up both on Haiti and on
independent union movements and their
relation to the politics of the moment
we're gonna do the pitch and then we're
gonna get to my friend Danielle D
bolelli and then of course Bosh car it's
coming on where else you gonna get
conversations with some of the most
interesting people out there on
everything from Taoism to Trotsky the
answer is no man and by the way it's
true and everyone says it we are at nine
hundred we I think we're at nine hundred
and seventy nine as of Showtime we want
across that 1000 number I am working on
the scripts for those animations we've
got some new group calls coming we've
got that discord that discord things are
happening I love this quote I think
marriages are being formed I think
conspiracies are being hatched it's a
live thriving community we all drop into
from time to time of course I do
QA there about once or twice a month
we're thinking about setting up a
special logarithm Q&A on the discord
he's ready to get in there good idea
sounds like good idea look at him
sitting back in his leather jacket
sounds like good idea I left something I
can take on get some Johnny Cash playing
for anybody we are on the move we are
not beholden to anyone we're only
beholden to you we're growing and I
think that this information and what we
put to all of you not only me it's meant
to entertain it's meant to inform it's
meant to enlighten in it sometimes
actually really create a basis the type
of strategic sense empathy historical
awareness and really kind of broad
instinct for the actual elements that we
need of a movement now a new left
movement now to actually regain power
and create new forms of not only
resistance but actually winning and a
better life for all for the many not the
few I want to thank each and every one
of you so much stay tuned for all of the
things on the patreon and also stay
tuned we're working on
putting some live shows together that's
something that we're getting together as
well when you become a mate patron you
get more than twice the content please
keep spreading the word I just heard
what was it Griscom you were telling me
that a distinguished professor is
digging the show are you just drawing a
blank you told me that uh you turn to
your friends family onto it Noam Chomsky
Noam Chomsky is a major fan of the
Michael Brooks show yeah we've got a
good amount of neuroscientists are
really also know except except they're
real academics not like Sam Harris
people yeah
no Sam Harris yeah Noam Chomsky Noam
Chomsky actually said that uh well I
don't want to say what he was saying
about rival podcasts it was pretty harsh
pretty profane yeah locker room talk yep
we're coming after all of you were
coming after Howard Stern we are on the
move I want to thank each and every one
of you so much we will be right back
with Danielli Vallely
on the Michael Brooks show
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
joining us now is one of the most
interesting people in the game his name
is Danielle Lee bolelli he is the host
of history on fire podcast the drunken
Taoist podcast he's a professor of
comparative religion and a martial
artist it's a genuine Renaissance man
Danielle Lee thank you so much for
joining me on the show you come at her
having me Danielle Lee as you know
because we've talked about this before
so for for people who are patrons in my
show and sometimes we release a bit when
we sort of unlock certain content kind
of tease it for people there's an
ongoing series that I do called illicit
histories and the exploration whether
it's Silicon Valley fascism or whether
it's about what the CIA was doing in
Jamaica with gangsters in the 1970s or
or really or you know the history of
Charles Murray's ideas and why they're
so Audis and dangerous history can give
us this mengapa katz taught so dryly but
it actually does give us a context for
understanding every part of how we're
living our lives today and in an
alluring way of doing that is through
the illicit and the unexpected and you
do that on history on fire
oftentimes in the ancient world but also
in Native American history and and other
places and I I just want to know if you
know does that kind of description
resonate with you and and what inspired
your historic work where does it come
from yeah I think it made perfect sense
