on the phone it is a pleasure always
always to bring Ari Berman on to the
show he is now at Mother Jones Ari
Berman what is your position at Mother
Jones now I am a senior reporter at
Mother Jones said I'll say I will say so
once you become 35 years senior for life
well I guess like the AARP of journalism
you as far as I'm concerned you earned
your seniority a long time ago nobody
I'm still a journalist at 35 so
therefore I have a senior reporter no
one has been on the voting rights
question more than you over the past it
feels like now eight years maybe maybe
I've got that wrong maybe it's five but
starting with the what what happened
with the Voting Rights Act and
everything that we're experiencing I
don't know maybe this is an
overstatement but it seems to me that
everything that we're experiencing in
terms of the suppression of votes in
this country is in some way a function
of that Supreme Court ruling is that is
that fair to say well I think there
there were two major things that happen
the first is that after the 2010
election so many states passed new
restrictions on voting both
traditionally red states but also a lot
of really important swing states like
Wisconsin and Florida and Ohio and
Pennsylvania and then in 2013 the
Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights
Act and those states the longest history
of discrimination primarily in the south
not exclusively were able to implement
new voter suppression laws without
federal oversight so it's really those
two things combined the explosion of
voter suppression efforts after the 2010
election in response to President
Obama's election and then the Supreme
Court making it much easier for these
states to get these voter suppression
laws approved in the future and and I
was thinking about this the other day
too as I was reading your piece had and
I imagine the dynamic has shifted under
Jeff sessions of course where I I can't
only imagine what it's like to be in the
Civil Rights Division of the the DOJ now
it's just must there's no Civil Rights
Division in the DOJ now right and during
the Obama administration
I would also imagine that the absence of
the preclearance provision for all
intents and purposes meant that those
cases it limited the capacity of the
Civil Rights Division in the DOJ to get
to other cases that they would otherwise
get to because they had to put that much
more work into the most egregious cases
that might have been taken care of by
the preclearance measures exactly so
formally if Texas or North Carolina
passed a voter suppression law they
could block that law before it even went
into effect if it was discriminatory so
that required a lot of work but not
nearly as much work as filing the law
and go filing a suit against the law
going to trial and going through a three
to four or five year process which is
what they had to do in Texas and was in
North Carolina so basically the
Department of Justice spent so much time
on these two cases in in Texas in North
Carolina where they filed suit against
restrictive voting laws they weren't
able to litigate in a lot of other
places like Wisconsin and I think it was
kind of a chicken and egg thing because
before the Supreme Court gutted the
Voting Rights Act they were being fairly
cautious because they were worried about
the Supreme Court gutted the Voting
Rights Act and then when the Supreme
Court guarded the Voting Rights Act that
took away the most effective tool the
federal government had to block these
kind of voting restrictions so they were
I think the Obama Civil Rights Division
did a lot of good but I also think they
were hamstrung by the Supreme Court's
decision during their entire time and
that really meant that you know other
groups like the ACLU and the lawyers for
committee for civil rights in the
Brennan Center for Justice had to pick
up the slack and they were successful in
some cases in other cases really bad
laws were able to go into effect because
conservative judges heard them in these
conservative judges decided that they
were going to approve things like voter
ID in Wisconsin even if the evidence was
very strong that it was discriminatory
and should be blocked let's talk about
your
your cover piece I believe this cover
piece right in in Mother Jones in and II
you went to Wisconsin you've analyzed
the numbers broadly speaking we know
that Donald Trump for all of the
mistakes that certainly I have credit
Hillary Clinton with making in Wisconsin
and in other places the the difference
in Donald Trump's win was about what
20,000 votes is that right
22700 votes and walk us through why even
with all of the mistakes that Hillary
Clinton may have made at the end of the
day there was just simply far less
voters who had the right to vote than
she needed in Wisconsin and this I
against presumably would have also
impacted Russ Feingold yeah so I mean I
say very clearly in the piece there
wasn't one thing that swung the election
I talked about James Comey and Russian
interference and racism and sexism and
Hillary Clinton not running a good
campaign and not visiting Wisconsin all
of those things so I say very clearly on
the piece there wasn't one thing that
did it
however it's true that in Wisconsin
voter suppression played a very
important role when Wisconsin passed a
strict voter ID law in 2011 meaning who
had to have a Wisconsin driver's license
or state ID to be able to vote a federal
court found that 9 percent of the
electorate which was 300,000 voters
didn't have these strict forms of ID and
a lot of people had trouble getting them
because after the election the
University of Wisconsin did a very
comprehensive study of people who didn't
vote in 2016 in Milwaukee and Madison
the two most democratic areas of the
state and one in 10 people who didn't
vote in 2016
said that the voter ID law was a reason
why they didn't vote and six percent
said it was the main reason why they
didn't vote and so that means up to
23,000 people were blocked or deterred
from voting and Madison and Milwaukee
alone because of the voter ID law which
is larger than trumps margin of victory
if you're extrapolate statewide that
means that
45,000 people didn't vote because of
this voter ID law we know that Wisconsin
had a very significant drop in voter
turnout it's historically been number
two or number one and voter turnout but
they had a 3.3 percent decline in voter
turnout and half the decline in voter
turnout occurred in Milwaukee where 70
percent of african-americans in the
state live in the head of elections in
Milwaukee told me that he believes that
the voter ID law had a significant
impact in Milwaukee because if you look
at the numbers turn on a Milwaukee
declined only slightly in white
middle-class areas in the city but it
declined sharply in black low-income
areas and some of that was because
President Obama was on the ballot but
some of that was also because of the
voter ID law because african-americans
were more likely to live in poverty they
were more likely to move they were more
likely to move from other states like
Illinois where their ideas weren't
accepted so for all of that reason the
voter ID lie hid them more Shrugged than
others and I talked about these stories
in the piece I talked about a woman
named Andrea Anthony for example who's a
37 year old african-american woman from
Milwaukee who had voted in every
previous election
she lost her driver's license before the
election but a few days before the
election she showed up at the polls with
a different form of ID from Wisconsin
her proof of residence she was
registered to vote she had voted at this
very polling place during the primary in
Wisconsin so everyone knew who she was
but she wasn't able to cast the ballot
and the only way her ballot would have
karynda's was if she went to the DMV to
get a new ID and then to the Board of
Elections within 72 hours after the
election which she couldn't do because
she was working a full-time job and so
this one person who had voted her entire
life wasn't able to vote and not only
that but both her niece her daughter and
her nephew weren't able to vote at all
because they also didn't have the right
ID so I mean here you have three people
in one family that wanted to vote but
weren't able to so clearly a lack of
enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton wasn't
the only factor at play in Wisconsin
yeah I mean in in has anybody done any
data I mean I guess this is really one
of the most comprehensive looks into
just who gets locked out I mean when we
talk about specifically where it's not
just sort of an algorithm but when we're
actually talking about specifically who
gets locked out of the vote in these
circumstances I would imagine just based
upon your report
here and maybe just sort of like
intuition that the median income of
someone who is locked out of voting
because of a voting ID law has got to be
significantly lower than maybe even the
voting population well that's absolutely
true because that we need you look at
people who don't have a driver's license
for example they are more likely to rely
on public transportation so they're more
likely to live in urban areas they're
more likely to be lower-income because
they don't have a car they're probably
more likely to move often so they don't
have ready access to documents like a
birth certificate which you would need
to get an ID in many states and so for
all of these reasons a voter ID is both
a race in a class issue and race and
class mixed together in a city like
Milwaukee where you have a heavily
african-american population living in
poverty and this is what all of the
statistical analyses show it we know a
lot about these laws now because there
have been so many trials about them and
we know very clearly that lower-income
people are more likely or less likely to
possess these forms of IDs and
african-americans are more likely to
possess these IDs they also the law was
written in such a way to exclude certain
people so even people who aren't
low-income were targeted by the law for
example college students because college
IDs were not accepted and so you had a
situation where not to get too technical
but they wrote the law in such a way
that for college IDs to be accepted they
had to have a two-year expiration date
well why would the University of
Wisconsin which is a four-year school
issue an ID with a two-year expiration
date and that makes absolutely no sense
and so the legislature specifically
wrote the law to prevent University of
Wisconsin Madison and all the other
schools in the UW System from being able
to use their IDs to vote meaning that
those schools had to print in completely
separate IDs just for students to use to
vote which was a totally clear example
of how the legislature was targeting
young people also to give you an example
about how african-americans in Milwaukee
were targeted Wisconsin ran voter ID ads
ads about the voter ID law and 52 movie
theaters in around the state not a
single ad ran in a movie theater in the
City of Milwaukee
where 70% of African Americans live not
only that is the head of elections in
Milwaukee told me how many people who
live in poverty are gonna see a movie in
the first place so I mean this is the
kind of stuff that when you have to kind
of dig a little bit deeper into the law
and then you realize how it was really
intended to target some people and not
others it wasn't there a specific edict
from the judge in these cases that like
okay you need to there is a there is a
baseline of information that must be
provided to get people the ideas or the
ID so there must be a baseline of effort
I mean was it what was that in in in
what was the baseline was it based on
results or was it based upon efforts
well so this is really interesting so
the the voter ID when Wisconsin was
initially blocked because the federal
court found it was discriminatory and
because he found there was no evidence
of fraud to justify it Wisconsin didn't
present a single case of voter
impersonation in court that the law
would have stopped so there was no
evidence of voter impersonation and
Wisconsin in any previous election then
that opinion was overturned by a
conservative appeals court which
included judges who are on Donald trum
Supreme Court shortlist and they
basically said the state of Wisconsin
has promised they're gonna make it
easier to get IDs so therefore the law
is constitutional the state of Wisconsin
did absolutely nothing though because
what I and others found was that people
were going to the DMV's and they were
they were not getting the IDs they
needed and I tell it a story like this
in the piece of a guy by the name of
Zach Moore who was a 35 year old
african-american man who moved from
Chicago to Wisconsin and he had got a
job in Madison but then he was he was
unemployed he broke his leg and he
became homeless but he was a pretty well
put together guy and he went to the DMV
and he brought his illinois ID
he brought his social security car and
he brought his proof of residence to
verify that he lived in wisconsin and
there was a huge sign of the DMV that
said no birth certificate no problem
meaning if you didn't have your birth
think of it you could still get a
wisconsin ID to be able to vote so he
goes up to the clerk he says I have all
my documents I want to get a Wisconsin
ID and they said and they told him you
need to go back to Illinois and get your
birth certificate he
there was a side right where he was
standing at the DMV that said no birth
certificate no problem
this guy was homeless he was unemployed
he was in no position to go back to
Illinois pay for a bus ride
try to find his birth certificate and go
back come back to Wisconsin and so a
federal judge ordered an investigation
and found that the process for issuing
IDs in Wisconsin was in his words a
wretched failure and he said undeniably
people have been disenfranchised so what
I say in my piece was that this voter ID
law was a slow-motion train wreck
everyone saw the crash coming on
election day because of all the evidence
that had been gathered and their run-up
to the election but nobody could do
anything about it because the state of
Wisconsin either was incompetent about
implementing a law or in my view
specifically implemented the law in a
way that made it hard for certain people
to vote because that was the whole
purpose to law in the first place so if
that's the last ruling and I want to get
to in a moment outside efforts to to
deal with this law as it stands but what
what from a legal perspective what's the
next step I mean if this judge realizes
like hey this is BS and I think you talk
about other examples of people going in
and recording their experiences and
trying to get licenses it seems to me
there's plenty of evidence that the
state has not upheld its end of the
bargain what's the next step from a
legal perspective well the judge did
everything he thought he could to try to
get Wisconsin to amend its procedures to
make it easier for people to get IDs but
this did not trickle down to voters most
voters are not election law junkies and
they don't know when the law changes a
lot of them didn't even know about the
law in the first place because Wisconsin
did nothing to advertise it and so this
the lower court judge was really
hamstrung by the conservative appeals
court that that reinstated Wisconsin's
voter ID law the Supreme Court decided
to hear the case this is a textbook
example Sam I know we've talked about
this a million times on your show of why
courts matter and not just the Supreme
Court most cases never even get to the
Supreme Court this is why a district
courts matter this is why appeals courts
even more importantly matter and this is
what I'm so concerned about under Donald
Trump that he's already put more people
on the court then President Obama put in
his tire first year and he's putting
absolute
crazy people on the court her totally
unqualified and have really terrible
records and for all the dysfunction
about Trump all the talk about how he's
not doing anything this is exactly what
they're doing they're putting people on
the courts like neo Gorsuch like a bunch
of mini Scalia's in the lower courts
we're gonna be there for 30 or 40 years
and put voter ID laws and other
restrictions on voting in effect even if
the evidence is overwhelming at the
discriminatory that there are necessary
that the states not even complying with
their own stated procedures when it
comes to in amending into implementing
the law hi folks Sam cedar here we still
need your help on our patreon page
YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
