[Music]
all right look cliff we only got about
five minutes left here so let's get into
this got you have a podcast and thank
you and and people start we had
unprecedented listen today we had
Malcolm Nance on Malcolm Nancy he offers
some interesting idea and buts about
apparently a week or two ago and I heard
quite about it quite a bit about it you
had on David from now for people who
don't know get a bird from is he was a
former speechwriter for george w bush
he's the one who came up with the axis
of evil for his speech writing in his
speech he sometime during the obama
administration he sort of got kicked out
of the conservative movement for being
less than heterodox or maybe doing two
heterodox and he is now a a big like
never Trumper and fan of some in the
resistance and my question to you is how
could you platform this guy
well I'll sort with and I guess you're
saying he's a fan of people the
resistance or there are fans and people
some people are fans of his I mean look
I'm a fan of what he's doing right now I
had him on for two reasons which I'll be
very clear about one is you know quite
honestly and quite sort of straight for
in a straightforward manner this country
was attacked by Vladimir Putin who is
somebody who is in his own country
I would think everything that we would
all hate and I don't understand the sort
of the sometimes people on the on
elements not everybody but some people
in the left who are just like you're
just trying to start a cold war again
just this
I you know hasn't interfered in
elections throughout the West and trying
to undermine the NATO alliance and try
to do things that will lead to sort of
his vision of a world where he is kind
of his global leader of white supremacy
at this point to increase and here in
you know I had from on and people like
why did she hit him over the Iraq war
you know I had them on for two reasons
one is I you know a lot of us including
any us on this show like letting it
laugh Donald Trump was never gonna be
elected president well we were wrong he
is president and he's undermining
democratic norms constantly so to me
right now if I find people who I have
common cause with whether they be on the
left center or right who are willing to
speak out about what is going on in
whether those how those norms are being
undermined and you know and in ways at
somebody okay so I was a you know a PhD
student in history you don't they look
to sort of Weimar Germany look to like
Rwanda you know I mean we've got hate
radio on the right we've got them
working with with met somebody who is
now in the White House who controls an
immense amount of power and quite
clearly in some fashion is working with
Vladimir Putin and well I will work with
I anybody it doesn't mean I wait watch
what they do I'll just finish this
little thing and then all you can say
what you want to say and then I'll say
my other piece but I will work with
anybody right now
be they wherever they are on the
spectrum there's a few exceptions to
that probably not David Duke but you
know like I I look at this as protecting
American democracy and I don't think
that that's being alarmist at this point
all right look all right let me let I
don't have the same perspective that you
do on the on the Russia stuff in terms
of like the the the the nature of the
threat from Russia but let me stipulate
that for the sake of argument okay that
they've hacked into our infrastructure
they are acting to electoral databases
people do you think that's very
problematic
right no no I think that's problematic
and I think we should we should deal
with it and and I think I think frankly
there's a lot of threats to our voting
processes I mean we know that
Republicans just legislatively have
disenfranchised hundreds of thousands of
people I mean so there's no doubt
nothing out there on that I know no I
know I know I'm but I'm saying I'll
stipulate for the sake of argument that
it is a threat okay good because I don't
want to litigate that what is it but
here's the problem with David Frum
because this is the issue the issue
isn't whether or not there's something
going on with Russia or that there's a
threat or whatnot why won't you have
David Duke on you won't have David Duke
on because he espouses some really bad
ideas that you don't want in any way to
have your credibility in any way rub off
on him and my argument about David Frum
is this I could throw a stick or a rock
or anything really even I think like a
balled up tissue and find somebody to
come on to talk about how bad Donald
Trump is about and if I want to talk
about how dangerous the Russian attacks
are but take for instance this we got
john bolton
who you and I both think is a lunatic
okay who you and I both know I mean this
is a guy who has written in the past 16
months a call to bomb Iran and a call to
bomb North Korea now David from when he
writes about Bolton he can't bring
himself to criticize Bolton because
Bolton and he are very close in terms of
their foreign policy perspectives Bolton
may not be want to uh you know transport
the democracy at the but at the end of a
gun but he still wants to be there with
a gun in all the same places and so from
from perspective this is okay I mean he
talks about Bull
as a guy who you know can get in there
and maybe he doesn't he doesn't praise
him but he certainly talks about this
task of making sense of this chaos now
Falls to Bolton a man of strong and
certain opinions a man of strong in
certain opinions right like he's not
gonna go out there he doesn't want to
ruin his resistance cred but it will not
one adept at winning friends convincing
doubters soothing opponents or governing
bureaucracy the leaks of embarrassing
information will gush I mean he doesn't
even address in any way this guy's david
firm's not afraid of expressing his
opinion he doesn't he does not critique
the the the policy which is going to you
want to talk about danger I mean this
country has been was is still suffering
from and not to mention the hundreds of
thousands who were killed and the four
million who are displaced suffering from
the Iraq war this is this guy's foreign
policy and when you have him on for
people who don't know this about day
before I would ask you why Bolton was
even there Sam he's there because Donald
Trump won and because all sorts of
people a lot of people on the Left
equated Hillary Clinton that
quote-unquote hawk in Glenn green
wait a second wait a second wait - no no
no I don't Rob Bolton is their famous
you're done I'm not Greenwald on this is
your this is not part of the John Bolton
is there because in part because Barack
Obama wouldn't hold the the the the Bush
administration to account because people
like David Fromm and Bill Kristol and
everybody else who was a war hark at
that time suffered no accountability no
accountability and I was right there
with you he's a senior editor at the
Atlantic he was responsible for one of
the gravest foreign policy disasters in
the history of America he is now a
senior editor at the thing they will not
hold him to account for that and so it's
up to people like you and I who were
there who knew to hold them to account
by saying I'm not gonna lie to you I'm
not gonna give you any
credibility by by allowing you on any
platform I have control over okay and
that's fair I have to decide at some
point you know what I consider to be the
biggest threat right now and to me I
guess you know you're you're stipulating
the Russia thing but that's where our
disagreement our huge disagreement and
that's maybe at the heart oh I'm saying
I said like when they're getting into
the history and bring to the park answer
they can shut it down what woody that is
a major threat tell me well and there
Platt what you platforming you giving
David from credibility what is that
gonna do to stop this threat because
he's written a book his book trump off
cronbach recei a conservative book and
from that perspective and his
criticizing Donald Trump from that
perspective
and I think there are many so he should
roll on that's how an Erik Erikson's
show well but but with all I want to
throw the damn guy I want to get the guy
out of office and the more people that
say huh you know I'm a conservative
because so many people in this country
are brainwashed into being a member of
whatever party they're a member of or
what you know if somebody's working
today I'm sorry
how many conservatives listened to your
show and I have no idea
I mean this is I think I think what
happens is there's a far more liberals
who see that your your okaying David
Fromm and now David Fromm becomes a
liberal hero I mean I sat on MSNBC and
they've done the same thing they've
platformed all these never Trump errs
who are former Republicans and when john
bolton name come up they only have the
people they have access to all basically
say well you know he's a fairly
reasonable guy because all right because
now this is this is how like this is how
we all get amnesia this is how we don't
hold anybody to account this is this is
this is the functional equivalent of
george w bush becoming now you know sort
of completely rehabilitated in the
public's eye
but what george w bush yeah I mean but
george w bush was a policy maker you
know was the one who theoretically
actually making these decisions and
again well you don't think his advisors
helped him get there well I mean sure I
mean David Frum wrote some wrote
speeches and certainly came up with some
nice phrases but I guess I don't view
that as on the same level and and it
doesn't mean that I don't think that he
was 100% wrong about that but again like
you know if you view the threat through
the lens I view it through and so what a
lot of people view it through when
people are literally breaking into your
infrastructure of your country and have
help and clearly Donald Trump at this
point if you think Donald Trump didn't
win this election based upon factors
other than getting the most votes I
don't even know where to begin with that
I mean we know about the data that
Cambridge analytic I got we know about
you know what I think I think I think
the fact is that Comey was more
responsible for Trump's win they may
then and and and yet you know and then
commis getting the same rehabilitation
treatment but I know right now at least
I can see cocaine use value I could see
I could see homeless value in this fight
a lot more than I can David from okay
well then let me ask you this question
because you have lots of people that
said you still have let's pull that name
on yourself going greenwald on this show
I've had a man it's been a long time
since of a Greenwald on the show to be
honest I mean it okay that he speaks at
the Cato Institute because when he has
common cause with them people that were
run by the cokes and want to cut all
health care is it okay when he when he
gets on Twitter and vouches for Rand
Paul who believes that we should have a
personhood law that should ban all
abortion and believe that guns there
should be absolutely no block laws
around guns anybody should be able to
get a machine gun when they want like it
so it's okay on the left for Glenn to
work with whoever he wants to work with
when it when it makes when he had common
cause with them but it's not okay for me
to do the same thing is that well that I
would say intimate I would say what a
white we build hitting Rand Paul no wait
a second we decided that way better
wait a second first off I don't think
I've had Greenwald on since the election
and to the extent that he has done
reporting that I think nobody else can
or is doing
I could see value in
bring him on I don't see I thought about
it from the insight in having him on and
and in what he might know coming from a
conservative perspective what I know is
last week Tucker Carlson on his show on
Fox talked about our demographic
invasion of this country it really
paralleled stuff that Hitler said the
nineteen thirties and guess who went on
that show the same week and said great
things about Tucker Carlson the only one
willing to talk about what important
right now is a straw man because I
haven't you questions about me asking
questions about him because they like it
all the way I get people who do that all
the time
are you kidding you don't think I get I
am saying is going great well doing
and we talked about that too okay but
that's why I'm so good we're like I that
has not like I'm making the point that
the people on the Left find common cause
sometimes with people they guess who I
won't have an intruder there are people
who I don't have on this show and I
critique on the Left all the time
because they do that of course
of course do you know Jimmy Dore I mean
he was gonna say like like who I'm a
David from Jimmy seed or encourage
people not to vote for Hillary Clinton
numbers Alstyne years in which content
dude was beyond I like criticizing Jimmy
door is a cottage industry around these
parts alright so believe that's cool I
might come on and do it more believe
there's no time because we have so many
other Jimmy door segments in the
pipeline that we can't know I mean we do
that I mean that's we do that of course
and for the exactly exactly
I appreciate what I'll say I appreciate
is that I don't I'm not so arrogance to
always think I'm right and I had to ask
myself questions I do think I don't I
don't know if we have time but there was
there also was the fact that that that
David was one of the people and I do
think this helps on the right who was
this is the second factor I told you
earlier I was at talk about who right
after Newtown came out and called for
the
kind of gun control measures that exist
in Canada went far beyond where even
most Democrats are and there was another
reason I had him on after the the school
shooting was to talk about that because
I think sometimes having people come
from forming coalition's and having
people coming from a conservative
perspective issue you care deeply about
can be helpful and again that's why I
brought the Glenn thing because he
thinks he agrees with Rand Paul on on
Intelligence in spying I agree with
David on gun you know III just but I I
appreciate the fact that you know that
other students differently and it gives
me things to think about and again I'm
never so arrogant as to think that I
always make the right decisions so you
know I will defend this to some degree
to some degree I'll reflect upon what
you said well I think it's good to have
friends I ask I appreciate you coming on
you knew I wanted to bring this up and a
lot of people would just say like hey
you know I can't do it it's the day
before Passover and not Good Friday and
I guess we all have moments where we're
need you know I told you I want you to
bring it up we all have moments where we
need to have these discussions and have
accountability because again you know
we're we we try to make decisions in
certain situations and some of them are
right and some of them are wrong right
you know I still would argue there was
some value to having david on but I get
where you come from you know well I I
certainly I appreciate you you talking
about it and I think that's very much
dear Craddock there's a lot of people
who just say screw that I'm not gonna
anyone do it
but cam for you there's nothing but log
of course I have a great Passover I'm
going on spring break I really
appreciate you cliffie
always
[Music]
