and it's fascinating
on some low I guess I mean it's to be
expected on but on another level it's
pretty it's it's not necessarily what I
would have guessed a year ago right
we have almost to a person I'm sure
there's some races where we don't see
this but you have Democrats running on
health care largely either against the
attacks on the ACA and there is an
active attack on the ACA right now 20
Republican states suing in federal court
to get rid of putting multiple attorneys
general who are running for higher
office
Polly is running against Claire
McCaskill of Missouri Mike DeWine Here I
am in Ohio in for governor just think
it's worth pointing out some people know
Yahoo ads the one in Michigan running
for governor just so you know who people
are who are claiming oh you know uh
Scott Walker in Wisconsin running for
reelection they all claim that they're
that they were the pre-existing
condition protection should be kept and
of course every single one of them
either supported with what they've said
or is actually officially on a lawsuit
that is what is going on after making
that to be something that's not required
anymore and okay so watch this I
remember last night had a compilation of
Republicans this is a pretty good
example of what we're talking about here
play this clip
everyone knows Republicans have spent
years railing against Obamacare they've
tried to repeal it dozens of times in
the house the politics though are
changing this is a story you may have
missed but look with the midterms
approaching right now Republican
candidates in the Trump era changing
their to I voted to protect people with
pre-existing conditions we cannot go
back to where we were before Obamacare
where people were one diagnosis away
from going bankrupt
we can protect pre-existing conditions
and you and you need to understand
everyone agrees we're going to
pre-existing conditions individuals with
pre-existing
dishes should not be denied health
insurance coverage I'm taking on both
parties and fighting for those with
pre-existing conditions that's Dana
Rohrabacher now every single one of
those people in that video voted indeed
every single one of those individuals in
that ad voted to cut Obamacare and get
rid of pre-existing conditions
protections every single one of them and
across the board I mean this has been
the rallying cry for Republicans for 10
years and this is you know this is one
of the things that I think people
anticipated with the Affordable Care Act
is that once you get you give people
something that's a little bit better or
significantly better than they had
before it just becomes like an
expectation and and then the next step
goes from there but that's pretty
impressive and we have now Donald Trump
tweeted out today I guess this is
yesterday because this is becoming a
huge liability for the Republicans and
he tweeted out all Republicans support
people with pre-existing conditions I
don't know if they don't if they don't
they will after I speak to them I am in
total support I don't even think he
understands it all so Democrats will
destroy your Medicare and I will keep it
healthy and well now I think what he
supports pre-existing conditions he's in
favor of cancer he likes you like any
pre-existing condition you could get
he's in favor of I just think that I
like people with pre-existing conditions
that's what I'm saying yeah I mean look
at my african-american over there
great yeah he doesn't know what he's
saying the ones that aren't in dumbest
yet they know what they're doing
look there's a hundred thirty million
American clear pre-existing conditions
pre-existing conditions include terrible
things like cancer and include much more
sort
not great things but things that most
affect many many more people like Oh
acne and anxiety depression most of
you're a woman and you've been pregnant
that's a pre-existing condition and
there's a whole long list of these
things right and I'm working on an
independent expenditure project here in
southwest Ohio against the congressman
Steve Chabot so he's done the same thing
lied and said you know even ordered 56
times which is how many times they voted
overall so many House members are
sitting there right alongside Chabot in
districts across the country
I'm sure Rohrabacher who you played
there's probably one of them the vast
majority though there's very few that
maybe a half dozen or less who voted
against junking Obamacare even those
guys weren't against its voted for it
some of the times and against other
times and to be very clear if you voted
for getting rid of Obamacare that is the
only thing that provided this protection
that said people it freezes the
pre-existing conditions would be treated
like everybody else when it comes to
health insurance they would be charged
anymore so what you have is you first
you've got that they're flat-out lying
then you've got on top of that a lawsuit
initiated by Donald Trump who of course
sent that tweet up by his Justice
Department that is going after in court
because of what the supreme court did a
couple years ago with with Obamacare and
saying that that in undermining and
because of what the the Senate did and
the house said sorry Congress and
getting rid of the individual mandate
now they're saying well no individual
mandate you can't require priests in
condition because that's too much of a
burden on businesses so essentially he
leading a lawsuit to take away your
protection if you have a pre-existing
condition and again you know think of
whatever state you're in in the
population I'm in Ohio I know it here
it's four point eight million people of
a population of about 12 million tends
to run between a third and 40% of the
population has something that falls in
that list so if it's not you it's
somebody your friend who is that you
love and they've realized this is back
Fargus they spent years going after
Obamacare so they are lying like
banshees now there have been guys on TV
ad Direct Mail they're saying it
everywhere that of course they always
were all in retention is for anybody
listening who's going to go out and vote
they're all line it's it's amazing and
and here's what's also extremely
irritating to me about that well I mean
obviously that is naked and hopefully
Democrats across the country are taking
advantage of that right I mean
it's pretty easy to say you're part of a
lawsuit that is attacking the ACA is
pre-existing conditions provision or you
voted against the ACA is pre-existing
conditions and without an alternative
you've ordered to get rid of Obamacare
and there was no alternative plan
absolutely you can say that maybe in
your heart you care which I don't
believe but say that but there was
nothing you were going to vote for that
would make up for that to provide that
protection for all these people and and
and here is I just I hate to you know we
because we brought up Chuck Schumer
earlier here's I just want to show you
how you could you could drop the ball on
this all right
here's Matt house it's a tweet from
Chuck Schumer spokesperson he's
responding to Trump's tweet any rights
did he drop his lawsuit to eliminate
protections for those with pre-existing
conditions and just not tell anybody
like I'm this is super nitpicky of me
but it's indicative of their just that
office just seems to not be able to do
politics because you don't imply that
Donald Trump did the right thing and
just didn't tell anybody you say that
Donald Trump is lying because he's
actually attacking these people I mean
like you like this is so knit maybe tour
the country and you put stuff all over
TV and radio and yeah I mean I know
there's a there's a remember a bunch of
Republicans they're retiring so they
don't have to be they will never be held
accountable for this vote but there's
about thirty thirty I mean if you know
Topher Spiro or follow him yeah on
Twitter he sent out a list that was in
in Mother Jones and there's 32
Republicans on this list I would I'll
retweet it I get it already a little bit
maybe I'll share it with you if you want
to share it with people on your paints
and so people can know and look and see
you know there's a list here they're on
it they're all lying and even the ones
who call themselves you know moderate
your Carlos corbello from Florida who
tries to pretend you the moderate you
know at least to fanuc from New York
upstate who tries to pretend she's a
moderate and some of these other ones or
at least moderate ish they're no they
all voted to get rid of
multiple times they're all liars and the
other thing and I'll say this just as
somebody who's worked a lot this issue
so I know pretty well that people should
be careful of them can be ready for is
what they're doing now is is they've
created some other just piece of garbage
bill right whether they're pretending so
they can come out and they've got a fig
leaves to hide looking for that that
would present that would require that
people with pre-existing conditions be
covered in that legislation which didn't
exist before by the way all the other
times you've already guessed Obamacare
is now out there at least Republicans
put it together but here's the thing
that you need to know about that is that
it does it doesn't it says you can't get
rid of people kick them off insurance or
having a pre-existing condition however
it says you can discriminate against
somebody treat them differently in
charge than whatever you walk right it's
kind of like I could say to you hey look
at that Lamborghini over there
I won't ban you from buying it you just
need to come up with a three or four
thousand dollars to a fortune right I
mean that's only sick leave how it
worked anything right I mean that's more
or less how it worked before we're just
going to price eat you out of this so
that it's completely impossible for you
to pay for it and and they tried this
have you had Laura Packard on your show
at all Sam no I don't think so
you know Laureus you know she's been a
devastation that she's a progressive I
just bring I'll bring up quickly she's a
progressive activist has been for years
and a year ago when's the doctor she's
made this very public and she's got a
tour around the country works with
health care lawyer and was caught had a
sort of cost I wouldn't go away and was
diagnosed came out with a diagnosis of
stage four cancer oh geez
yeah and she's been effectively you know
thank God fighting it thanks but if
she'd point out to me well she's been
touring the country because she's still
doing that even while she's sick and
while she's fighting this that it costs
four million dollars to keep her alive
last year so basically what the company
could say hey we're looking to ban you
from having insurance if you've got
pre-existing conditions well that's
illegal because all these Republican
side out of that we're just going to
charge you you know half of that four
billion
good luck I mean that's what they're
talking about here it doesn't matter if
they say that you think you have to be
allowed to have insurance you you don't
have to be treated like everybody else
and
I seem like everybody else they can
charge whatever they feel like so I'm
very important to know that I'm curious
is what your sense is you know the one
of the things I've seen the Republicans
push back on too is this notion of
Medicare for all Paul Ryan has gone out
there tried to talk about it
what's-his-face Azera is at it from
Health and Human Services as on oh yeah
and and I I mean just give me a sense of
how that's playing like you are you
seeing any of that in Ohio yeah
absolutely that the same congressman
talked about commenting his debate the
other night was trying to pull that up
and the guy in Hawaii what mention
running for governor and what they're
trying to say is this is their line also
and that's the line that Trump kind of
fudged because he always gets to talking
points at least half wrong because he's
such a
so he's like oh and they'll destroy your
medically he can remember Medicare and
disturb you couldn't remember to say
Medicare for all will destroy Medicare
which is what they're they're talking
point it right because they know that
Medicare is one of the most popular
programs if not the most popular in the
country it's cut up there with Social
Security it's incredibly successful its
administrative costs and all that are so
far below the overhead of price and
private insurance companies for the most
successful and and and cost efficient
medical programs in the world and so the
and people love it so the only way they
can turn people against it is by trying
to scare old people and say you know
well by giving it to other people it's
gonna cost more and so let me just which
of course is anybody who understands
healthcare economics which is no easy
thing understand what it does look into
this knows that they're lying is the
truth the matter is is that everything
gets better the younger the more people
you add into Medicare who are younger
and healthier so a fifty something is
likely to be healthier than a sixty
something and a forty something is
likely to be healthier than a fifty
something so you bring in younger people
it actually is more likely to per extra
costs Medicare plus and some of the
other things you're gonna actually
likely to bring the cost down right
because you've expanded your school
benefit up right right yes the dual
benefit of your then you're also doing
the opposite and taking the oldest
people out of private insurance so that
becomes cheaper too it's one of these
win Windsor and where everything works
so they're just making stuff up right I
mean it's just all lie
but that's you know that's what they do
it's interesting because I don't know if
you remember when Paul Ryan had his plan
for Medicare which was basically to
voucherize the whole thing right and
there was this big argument people are
like well too if you privatize Medicare
it's almost definitionally not Medicare
any but he was like no we call a
Medicare and there I remember the press
I mean you know they said I don't know
if people can fully appreciate this the
press at the time said well he is
calling it Medicare that was the line
and and really Medicare right and we
were push him back you know I can't
remember when this was maybe this was
like some time during maybe Obama but
maybe before then and it's like well but
if you privatize it that like the the
scenic one on like the the the the thing
that makes Medicare Medicare is that
it's a government-run health insurance
program and if you voucherize it so it's
just money to go to get private
insurance it's not Medicare wait if I
call my roof Medicare does that make my
roof Medicare well the interesting thing
was instead that's an alien well they're
calling it Medicare but that Medicare
and it was beaten back because people
were like it's it is not Medicare as we
know it and I've noticed the Republicans
are using that same line now it's a lot
less effective because basically you
know the reality of the policy is ya
know Medicare exactly as it is but just
more of it and I mean maybe on some
level it should they should have branded
it Medicare more you know something like
this but it look they're out there and
you may have talked earlier so already I
would be surprised if you know what
McConnell said just last week which is
oh well you see the 17% increase in the
deficit which is of course caused by our
tax cuts you say that but you know a
ridiculous tax cut waited to
corporations and do all sorts of
loopholes for pharmaceutical companies
because they're not making enough money
and and you know
the top 1% which 83% of the benefits
went to oh yeah by the way we're gonna
need to cut that deficit so you know
we're gonna talk about entitlements
which means of course Medicare and
Social Security you allow these guys to
stay in office you'll have them continue
to control the house in the Senate
that's what they're coming for to get
that they need to get that money from
somewhere it never changes I want to ask
you about that too because Mitch
McConnell is out there saying we're
gonna have to cut Social Security and
Medicare more or less that's what he's
saying right
I don't know how explicit he's been but
he's you know we're gonna have to look
at entitlements that's what that means
meanwhile you have people on the ground
who are running for office who are
saying you know III I'm gonna protect
your Medicare what what's going on with
that like Mitch McConnell must know that
at least in terms of messaging he's
crossing things up what what is this
what do you think the theory is behind
there I think it's to keep donors happy
I think they're always trying to balance
you know Koch brothers and and guys like
that on the corporate wing that are
giving the money you know Ricketts to
the rest of them that want Social
Security and Medicare to be destroyed
and know that if they're refusing to
mention it whatever they probably would
have the guts to do it so in a way I
think he was sending a signal to them
because it doesn't there's nothing else
I can't make any sense
again Social Security Medicare or
incredibly popular so was when when like
numerous Democrats including Elizabeth
Warren leading the charge and even as
far to the right as joe Manchin came out
in favor of increasing Social Security
so these are not popular things to come
and the fact that McConnell would come
out and say something so tone-deaf right
before a midterm election makes no sense
to me so I'm using Occam's razor here
because I can't figure out anything else
which is he said that because they're
not having different Republicans up for
election say that around the country
just the leader saying it to sort of
reassure you know the the economic class
the included crats who want to get their
money's worth
interesting like yeah interesting
all right well cliff I think that's
right
I mean that sounds right to me and but
it is interesting to see which way they
will go with that I don't know if
they're actually just I mean I don't
know but it is yeah I think they're
hoping that they say they demonize
immigrants enough and run on these kinds
of things enough that that comment out
there by McConnell you know he maybe
won't even say it again he said it wants
you know reassured the people he needed
to reassure and then you move on but be
quite sure that that's what they're
coming for that's not scare mongering
I've said it many times in the past
they've tried it and again after George
Bush won the election in 2004 this has
been on their list since they heard that
foundation drew up a line of attack
