[Music]
get into this Cavanaugh stuff this is
gonna get a little weedy folks just a
little bit but this is important because
if you live in West Virginia if you live
in North Dakota Indiana Missouri I guess
really you should be telling you should
be getting in touch with your senator
regardless and and telling them to vote
no on Cavanaugh if it gets to the floor
to pressure their fellow senators if
you're in Maine or Alaska in particular
you should be calling Collins and
Murkowski if you're in Kentucky you
should call Rand Paul and laugh at him
for pretending like he's gonna vote
against Cavanaugh
but here is the I think everyone is
familiar with the threat that a Brett
Kavanaugh is to abortion rights roe v--
wade does not need to be turned over
turned for the right to have an access
to have access to an abortion and the
access to an abortion for that to be
lost in 20 24 states across the country
you have laws that have been struck down
by the Supreme Court that infringe upon
this right and yes there are a couple of
states right now where it's bad enough
that maybe you have like one one
abortion clinic in the entire state hard
for people to reach yeah it's already
effectively banned in a lot of these
places and for a lot of people yes it
will be effectively banned in a large
much larger swath of places because the
Supreme Court will change the level of
scrutiny that a law passed by a state
that inhibits access will receive so in
other words if you have a law that says
that abortion clinics need to have
ceilings that are 14 feet high and they
need to be kept at you know sub-zero
temperatures
ever the absurdity of the law is a Brett
Kavanaugh Supreme Court vs. Anthony
Kennedy one will allow that law to stand
and effectively make it impossible to
even create an abortion clinic but also
in mortal threat will be the the thin
read of voting rights we still have in
this country for instance Alabama has a
strict voter ID law this is something
that only could have happened because of
the Supreme Court gutting section 5 of
the Voting Rights Act which is the Polly
preclearance there were about 13 states
in the country that needed an okay from
the Department of Justice to change
their voting rights because they had a
history of racially disenfranchising
voters so Alabama could do this and then
in 2015 they started closing down DMV
offices in predominantly black
neighborhoods you see the the there's
this same dynamic here right
you need a strict that you need a voter
ID and then we say oh it's gonna be
really difficult for you to get a voter
ID there was a federal probe in 2015 by
the Department of Justice under Obama
and the state backed off it all right in
1980 a lot of this comes from from Ian
Milhiser incidentally and Think Progress
Supreme Court held in Mobile V Bowdoin
that a Voting Rights Act plaintiff must
show that the law they're challenging
was enacted with a racially
discriminative motivation showing merely
showing that the law would have a
detrimental impact on minority voters
was not enough to prevail however the
Senate and the house then updated the
Voting Rights Act establishing that you
could look at results and see if there
were results of a new law
a voting law was producing racial voter
disenfranchisement when Ronald Reagan
signed that law into existence he did so
over the strenuous objections of a guy
who worked in the Department of Justice
in the Civil Rights Division if you
could believe it his name was John
Roberts he is now the chief justice on
the Supreme Court Roberts wants to gut
all of these Voting Rights provisions so
to give you a sense of of how close we
are to that and the difference that
Anthony Kennedy makes in this there was
a case called the Texas Department of
Housing and Community Affairs versus
inclusive communities project it was the
question as whether the Fair Housing Act
liked the Voting Rights Act targets
disparate impact discrimination in other
words discrimination that can be shown
not by proving intent but discrimination
that can be owned by proving outcomes
and it also challenged that notion about
disparate disparate impact
discrimination it also threatened to gut
the federal ban on housing
discrimination in the years leading up
to this decision the Justice Department
used disparate impact suits to force the
mortgage lender countrywide into a three
hundred thirty five million dollar
settlement after the lender charged
higher fees and rates to more than two
hundred thousand minority borrowers
around the country then to white
borrowers even though they had the same
exact credit profile okay so you don't
need to prove that countrywide had
meetings saying hey let's charge black
people more money for this same product
you just need to look at the data and
say
black people have been charged more hurt
money for the same product even though
they have the same risk profile and that
was enough to prove under the disparate
impact principle those disparate impact
suits are also how the Department of
Justice would challenge voting changes
the court decided five to four not to
end disparate impact suits involving
housing discrimination because Anthony
Kennedy was the fifth vote Roberts
didn't just say that we should get rid
of disparate impact but that all laws
banning disparate impact discrimination
are unconstitutional he said this during
the oral arguments so imagine how you
would apply that to voting rights okay
if a law goes in effect strict voter ID
and the data shows the 300,000 African
Americans versus 25,000 white people I'm
just throwing out these numbers although
these are relatively close would be
disenfranchised even though they're
eligible to vote you can no longer use
that as evidence as saying this law
impinges upon people's right to vote
based upon race we've spoken about the
the case Abbott V Perez that came down
from the Supreme Court really I lose the
day after her the day before Kennedy
announced his retirement
so people miss this but Texas
gerrymandered their state they did it in
a way that was found to be racially
discriminatory it was found to be
racially discriminatory both from a
disparate impact perspective but also in
terms of intent right by the
J so this created a small crisis in 2012
because the election was coming up soon
the the federal court redrew some of the
maps but left because the state didn't
have times to fix it left many of the
states illegally gerrymandered districts
the same then subsequent to that and the
court said this is not a final ruling on
these maps this is just because we're
having an emergency in 2013 the Texas
Legislature looked at the court drawn
maps with many of them that were were
still those same illegal districts wrote
them into law and Texas then argued you
can't challenge these maps because they
were originally drawn by a court and the
Supreme Court then said you know what we
agree with the Texas state legislature
because when you challenge a state law
was enacted with discriminatory intent
you need to look at when this law was
passed so even though the 2013 law
establishing these districts was based
upon illegal districts because they
didn't draw them there could be no
intent to draw them in any way they just
passed them so the plaintiffs had to
prove for a second time that the
districts were drawn with the racist
intent that they were the first time but
how could you prove that because they
didn't even draw them they just accepted
them from the court even though those
are supposed to be interim that's what's
going on in the Supreme Court right now
Brett Kavanaugh is going to make this
much much worse there was a report that
came out by the Brennan Center just the
other day it gives a sense of so far
what we've seen in the
past two years following the
preclearance provisions in the Shelby
versus holder ruling between 2014 and
2016 16 million registered voters were
removed from state rules 33 percent more
than were moved between 2006 and 2008
for the election of 2012 and 2016 the
Brennan Center estimates that 2 million
fewer voters would have been pure purged
from those if those states had to apply
by the provisions of the Voting Rights
Act so you had 2 million people
remember the last the last election in
the state of mill of Wisconsin in the
state of Michigan Clinton lost by less
than 20,000 votes in those two states
combined and then another forty some odd
thousand votes in Phil in Pennsylvania
so you had two million voters who lost
their right to vote across the country
and they'd go through the different
states but this is what we're talking
about Jeff Sessions Department of
Justice has now been urging States to do
more purging and almost every type of
voter purge disproportionately affects
black voters and voters of color some
states purge roles based solely on names
but non-whites are more likely to have
the same names according to the US
Census Bureau sixteen point three
percent of Hispanic people and thirteen
percent of black people have one of the
ten most common surnames compared to
four point five percent of white people
so in other words do you think a Jose
Rodriguez is you know registered in
another state you find one of your state
you could take him off the rolls so
that's what's going on and Brett
Kavanaugh will make this much much worse
that's just a notion of the stakes
that's involved here there's a lot more
stuff obviously but those are two very
big ones and when you talk about women's
right to have sovereignty over their own
bodies and we talk about a systemic and
structural change to who can vote in
this county
in terms of keeping Republicans in power
maybe adding another person to the
Supreme Court that's what we're looking
at right now Chuck Schumer has said that
he will not meet with Cavanaugh and none
of the Democrats will meet with
Cavanaugh until there's a deal on
documents he produced while working for
the Bush administration they did the
same thing with Kagan when she worked
for under Obama there are five years
worth of documents that that Cavanaugh
produced during that time emails whatnot
however there are two Democrats who will
not be joining Chuck Schumer and his
caucus and not voting can we guess who
it is
Manchin Senator Joe Manchin at West gym
and has already scheduled a meeting with
the judge for next Monday Heidi Heitkamp
has not scheduled meeting but has said
that she will meet with him
Cavanaugh's met with 23 Republicans not
a single Democrat so the point I was
making a week or two ago about how you
approach mansion and height camp I don't
think they care that much about abortion
rights I don't think they care that much
about disenfranchising african-americans
well would you say the minority
population is a Northcote
disenfranchising Native Americans Native
Americans right and there's a big that's
a big deal that's a big deal yeah you
know Jencks I don't really think that
much about engines it's not worth
somewhat I'd represented my state so
it's actually that's it our Native
American votes essential to get a
Democrat and what how are Native
American votes distributed in a place
they're pretty much close to
reservations generally and so yeah
they're not nearly as big a part of most
races and do they favor Democrats today
or are they
alright so there's a couple of things
that I think they're gonna try and hang
their hat on one that just came out in
some of the documents that Cavanaugh has
already provided he apparently was at a
roundtable discussion with other lawyers
and he said at three different pecans in
the conversation that the Supreme Court
decision US v Nixon which was an eight
to zero decision William Rehnquist
recused himself because he was appointed
by by Nixon it was an eight to zero
decision that the president United
States was not above the law that he had
to comply with handing over those tapes
this is a huge milestone in the
relationship between the judiciary and
the presidency the idea that the
executive is not above the law is a huge
deal and it is completely out of
mainstream legal thought to think that
Nixon didn't have to hand over those
tapes he said at the time maybe Nixon
was wrongly decided
heresy though it is to say so so there's
gonna be people out there that way he
was just he was just doing a
hypothetical but hypotheticals are not
heresy why would you feel self-conscious
about saying that if it was just I'm
just saying hypothetically you would say
not it's heresy to say so Nixon took
away the power of the President to
control information in the executive
branch by holding that the courts had
power and by Nixon he's saying the case
the case took away the power of the
President to control information in the
executive branch by holding that the
courts had power and jurisdiction to
order the president disclose information
in response to a subpoena sought by a
subordinate executive branch official
that of course has major implications
for what everybody anticipates could be
a situation with Donald Trump
for mansion and height camp the fight
has to be non partisan and
non-ideological it has to be about law
and order about the structure of our
government Michael Waldman the president
of the non partisan Brennan Center for
Justice at New York University Law
School has been writing a book on the
Nixon case and he called Cavanaugh s
quote startling he said it's not only
out of the mainstream on this legal
question of presidential accountability
it's the main basis for how we've done
it in the last half-century it's not
perfect but it's never been questioned
in a high-profile way the historian who
was the former director of the Richard
Nixon Presidential Library
there wasn't any dispute amongst the
justices the real fight was over who
would write the opinion Berger's initial
opinion was just so weak that they all
revised it but it wasn't because they
disagreed the Nixon Library that is
going to be the turning point right the
Nixon stuff is like it's very fertile
ground it's stable ground for the
Democrats there's also one other aspect
that I think he's going to be asked that
is also going to be about law and order
about a week or two ago Jonathan alter
the former reporter for Newsweek at the
time I don't know where he's at now but
back in the day altar was at Newsweek he
tweeted out when Cavanaugh was nominated
that Cavanaugh routinely skirted or
violated Grand Jury secrecy rules while
working on ken starr's staff as a lawyer
in the Bill Clinton impeachment case or
whitewater
he has since backed off that a little
bit to say 20 years ago I had
indications that Cavanaugh was in
contact with the reporters and because
it involves potential violation of
federal law those contacts need to be
thoroughly exploited in the confirmation
process the law is vital 6e about
secrecy in grand jury selections there
was a piece by Josh Gerstein in
political magazine yesterday about this
Cavanaugh spent excuse me two days ago
Cavanaugh spent four years working for
ken starr's Independent Counsel probe
Starr took what is politely referred to
as an expansive view of permissible
contact with the media understand when
we hear leaks about the rush
investigation none of them none of them
come from Muller side I mean I've talked
to reporters about this and they don't
know of any Reporter second third fourth
hand who's getting anything from Muller
or any of his people they have locked
this up Starr according to the
iran-contra prosecutor John Barrett now
a law professor had attorneys like
Cavanaugh contact people who might have
information to come to the office and
offer to guide the press about the work
of the office Steven Brill who had a
magazine in 1998 wrote a cover story
about Starr's alleged leaks to the press
and Brill says that Kavanagh needs to
offer a more detailed account of his
interaction with reporters during the
Whitewater probe if what he did was not
improper why didn't he do it on the
record the point is they all knew it
violated rule 6 e brett was involved 6e
he has the force of law folks it is a
federal offense to to disclose what goes
on in a grand jury in his application
for the Supreme Court Kavanaugh said
that he had interviews for seven books
and then he writes in addition to the
interviews listed above I have also
spoken to reporters on background as
appropriate or as directed so in other
words brill is saying why don't you go
on the record if what you're saying is
not a violation of 6e why would you go
on background and why does he write as
appropriate or as directed he was
assigned by a star to talk to the press
in several areas including to explain
legal issues said one person who's close
to Cavanaugh and spoke on condition of
anonymity in other words what a
Cavanaugh's thing is gonna be I was just
following orders that was authorized
then net stars request to deal with the
media on those issues so they could have
at the offices perspective that was not
someone leaking in other words they're
redefining leaking secret grand jury
stuff which is illegal under 6e they're
redefining as being unauthorized by the
guy who is the lead investigator as
opposed to being the tool in which that
lead investigator leaked stuff illegally
under 6e this stuff needs to be really
drawn-out apparently back in the day if
you want to do one of those illicit
histories this would be worthwhile yeah
this would be Clinton's personal
attorney David Kendall began complaining
publicly about alleged leaks of grand
jury information in 1997 Kavanagh at
that time was working for Starr this is
sort of interesting Kavanagh
transitioned out of the office in
November just before the Monica Lewinsky
sex scandal broke in 1998 Starr's office
file
96 declarations from staff members
denying involvement in Lewinsky related
leaks with today's filing everyone in
the Office of Special Counsel is on
record denying under penalty of perjury
responsibility for disclosing to the
news media any of the grand jury
material now it's curious because rod
Rosenstein completed the declaration
denying his involvement even though he
had also left the office in October
several months before the Lewinsky story
broke Cavanaugh who left the office
later than October was not among the
star lawyers and investigators who filed
declarations under penalty of perjury in
February 1998 the question is why not
someone else close to Cavanaugh says
they think he did at least one
declaration confirming that he was not a
source for leaks but they're not sure so
this is the territory where the
Democrats need to fight you need to lock
in the Democrats and then you go to
Murkowski and Collins and talk about
choice because that's where they have
claimed they will draw the line so if
you're in West Virginia if you're in
