and so what we're talking about is that
you also right is the sort of the the
the central organizing principle of
these guys is a it's a pushback against
multiculturalism right and and and talk
about that pushback and its implications
for status threat of threat to status
because I mean one of the things that
we've talked about in this office very
recently is this concept that as
multiculturalism becomes more prominent
in this country there are losers I mean
that there are they you know
definitionally if you go from a unique
culture to a multi culture you know
there's only one culture and there's
gonna be losers and those are going to
be the people who were in the Uni
culture
I guess I think that's right well let me
first complicate slightly what I said
which is there on the one hand I think
that there is a clear kind of status
threat thing going on on the other hand
it also can be that some of the people
who are looking at this from the other
side of the perspective who are driving
or pushing different perspectives these
people can be jerks to you know some
human beings can be jerks and it doesn't
matter what political affiliation or
what set of values you have we're all
familiar with the fact that there are
plenty there are plenty of go
around on the left just as there are on
the right and some of the people who may
have been pushed into this may be pushed
in because they reasonably feel that
they are dealing with completely
unreasonable unreasonable people at the
other side of the you know on the other
side and here two of the people who are
named and the dark web intellectual
piece were professors at Evergreen
college who I think use were basically
walked into a buzzsaw and one of the
people who was not named and I think she
wrote a very very interesting article
for The Chronicle on this it's Alice
Trager who is somebody who has gone
into a knot of political half-water as a
result of some of her writing but who
also basically says she doesn't want to
associate with with the dark web
intellectual movement because she sees
it as being a movement which is devoted
to stirring up controversy and annoying
people in its own right rather than just
pursuing the truth where you wanted to
go but that said I think that there are
some very very clear tendencies among
some of the people was in this to resent
the fact that 20 or 30 years ago it used
to be pretty straightforward to be able
to see the stuff and to be accepted as a
member in good standing of a broader
intellectual community whereas now if
you say things or if you speculate about
the about the the question of whether or
not black people are more or less
intelligent than white people you're
going to get something like the same
kind of reaction that you get if you
speculate about whether or not I don't
know Jewish people are more a voracious
and hungry for money than our non-jewish
people this is going to be seen in other
words as being an expression on your
part of some kind of a image and sort of
desire to find some discreditable and
nasty theory to be true
rather than being a expression of your
use of your freedom from all sorts of
bias and your commitment to the truth so
I I do suspect that we are going to see
on the fringes of this movement and this
is something that Weis in complete
fairness to her clearly worries about
and is potentially upset by you see a
tendency from some of the people within
this movement to embrace people like
Milo Ian applause like Tsarevich Alexei
owns some of the really kind of crazy
and frankly depraved voices on the out
rice tending into out-and-out paranoia
and I would not be surprised if we see a
couple of people who are in the dark web
intellectual movement moving from using
the colorful metaphors that are using
the Weiss article to describe their
awakening experience where it says
Latinos it's basically like they
you completely woke up one day and there
we start talking about how they beam red
pills in just the same way at people in
the alt-right
and people in the nastier nastier
reaches of the far right talk about how
they suddenly realized that they were
being imprisoned by these liberal and
feminist ideas and then struck out to
the out rice in order to find
alternatives we you know there's a
couple of things I want to go from here
but Barry Weiss said she tweeted out the
other day and and we can put these these
tweets up she she wrote the the gateway
drug to those flirting with the
alt-right you just went back the gateway
drug to those flirting with the
alt-right are actually pieces like this
and it refers to a Vanity Fair piece
describing Jodeci Jordan Peterson as a
gateway drug to those flirting with the
the far right and then she goes on to
basically say there are two reasons that
she has a problem with this that failing
to draw distinctions between people like
sam harris and and people like Richard
Spencer strips the designation of alt
right in its power of its power and
meaning and I would argue maybe that's
the case but I don't think that's what
people are doing that you know one is
the gateway and you know one is uh the
the destination nevertheless she writes
when the labels used promiscuously
people start to take it less seriously
and we should be taking the actual alt
right seriously she then goes on to say
second when conservatives classical
liberals and I'm sorry to laugh when I
read that or libertarians are told by
the progressive chattering class that
they or that are those they read and and
I had to say like when I'm referred to
as the progressive chattering class all
I want to do is X appropriate capital
that's all I want to do but or those
they read are all right the very common
response is to say screw it they may
think everyone's alright then those
people move further right now there's a
couple of
that I'd like you to address the first
part is this idea it just goes to scroll
back up to that first tweet is that
isn't taking the alt-right seriously
part of that is we should see how people
get there yeah well here there are
against first questions about the old
Roy's and how people got to the old
right and there are some people and here
for example there's a book by Angela
Mego called kill ol normies where she
argues that the alt-right is effectively
it's a reaction it's a counter reaction
to the excesses of feminism that in her
telling the story that you get all these
crazy virtue feminists feminists who are
into one-upping each other online and
that this helps to provoke this counter
reaction that then becomes the old right
I don't myself from for studies I've
done of the old right think that this
really provides a good theory of how in
fact it worked
instead I you if you look back and if
you look back at the earlier stirrings
of what became the old right you see
that it isn't really links too much to
to the you know that the stronger or
more condemnation form the family than
that you find some people some people
exercising as much as it was to just
women gay people transgender people and
others intruding into spaces that had
been considered by a bunch of young
white guys to be their spaces and for
these people to be making a pretty
limited demand for recognition and for
acceptance that these people found to be
a grossly offensive to their to their to
their sense of identity and this also
gets mixed in with a whole bunch of
pre-existing nasty political tendencies
which you get in the men's right access
movement which you get in further
reaches of the far right which are
creating their own social spaces and
this becomes a kind of toxic mask that
is because that then generates gamergate
and then generates the online alt rice
that we all know and love so intimately
today so it's kind of it's you know you
can make the counter-argument and nobody
has anything that resembles very strong
statistics - one way or the other but
I've got to say that when something like
Barry Weiss makes that argument it's
pretty clearly an argument that flatters
her own sense of the world and her own
beliefs about the kind of things that
people should or should not be saying
and so as a result I think it's
reasonable to discount it unless she had
some real evidence produced and to my
knowledge she has not produced any
evidence some independent evidence that
gives you some sense doesn't back to
this theory that she has is correct and
are you saying is there a lot of people
including people on the right side of
the spectrum who made quite a lot of fun
of her
for really making this kind of claim
which just to me at least it doesn't
seem to be particularly probable it also
it seems to me also I mean it to make a
claim like that would suggest the that
the the it sort of does a disservice to
these intellectuals doesn't it I mean
that they're I mean it's it seems to me
and I and I I don't necessarily you know
run in intellectual circles and as a
professor I suspect that you do far more
than I but do you find that
intellectuals develop their their their
thoughts and their theories and their
their ideologies and philosophies just
based upon what somebody online called
them and they just said screw it I'm
going full hog into this I mean maybe
there is some of that I guess but I feel
like that's a little bit I feel like if
somebody accused me of that I would be
offended like if someone said yeah well
politics are just a function because you
know someone called you on the phone and
called you some type of lefty and you
were like okay I'm gonna show them I'm
gonna get even more lefty than I was
before
ya know I think it's pretty implausible
Matt Iglesias had a treat I think where
a more-or-less said that maybe maybe a
kind of works in order to explain how
people on math King Adams were
socialized into the old fries but it
probably doesn't work for intellectuals
I'm not sure that it works for either
the general mass of people or for
intellectuals and I think part of a part
of what's going on here is that we all
universally we have a tendency to look
for to look for rationalizations for the
decisions that we took and very often
use the rationalization that I'm I'm
only doing this because of the crazy and
evil things which you have done in order
to push me into this position but that
rationalization server can provide
people with a sense of some justified
reason for why they sometimes change
their beliefs you know the there used to
be a joke on the back in Tony's ages of
blogging about how people you know if
they used you know they used to be on
the laughter and the Democratic side
until 20 years after the event during
the Iraq Iraq war
they retrospectively became enraged by
Chappaquiddick and by Ted Kennedy and I
think that there is something like that
that happens here you know if you you
yes or perhaps there are some people who
have conversion experiences and why
certainly has been talking to people
with conversion experiences but the
reasons that people give for radical
shifts and their opinions and their
understanding for the world are very
often not plausibly the reasons that
actually drove them to make the changes
that they didn't make is this am I
mistaken or is this a dynamic that is on
the right and barely on the left I mean
I've heard christine Todd Whitman i sat
next to christine Todd Whitman when she
told me that the reason why
conservatives were so adamant in denying
climate change was because liberals make
such a stink about it I mean I've never
heard I've never and so that dynamic has
been out there I've never heard this
dynamic really go the other way I
never heard a you know a a socialist or
an anarcho-communism it I guess I guess
anti-fascist is built upon fascist
existing but it's not because somebody
said you're you seem somewhat
anti-fascist that that anti-fascist well
I'm gonna get even more anti-fascist now
because you're already labeling me that
way so I might as well like what am I
mistaken or is that just seem to go one
one direction I've never heard that
claim being made seriously by anybody
about people on the Left like you there
may be people who've made that claim I
can't say that I'm aware of who they are
and I just don't I don't think that it's
a pursuit it's a really plausible
description of how most people change
their minds by politics I maybe I'm
wrong but I guess the challenge for
Barry Weiss should be and for people who
make this claim like Whitman again would
be if you really want to make this claim
which kind of flatters you in a certain
sense because it suggests that it
suggests that the problem is on the
other side in a sense rather than rather
than with the people who are being
radicalized show some evidence find some
evidence show us some some kind of a
good independent body of evidence which
shows how this can happen on a pretty
large scale and then maybe we will
believe that something that it's true
but the fact that why do you think it'll
thing to be that evidence why do you
think I'd be putting a putting aside and
that the claim is certain why do we all
wait why does that when we hear that
claim it comes from the right as opposed
to the left I mean it seems like on some
level it is a surrogate for you know
that notion of of class of status threat
right like the presence of you and your
increased prominence and it ultimately
gets translated into like the way you're
talking or the way that you are imposing
something on me the this dynamic of your
presence or your speech is an imposition
on me that is causing my react
acting seems to be almost like a
surrogate for the real issue which I
think on some of us is like hey I'm
losing my status or like you know like
it and this isn't just what the
intellectuals we're talking about your
average person who responds to this I
mean I used the example of like you know
when when my dad and certainly my
grandfather you know was was my age and
was you know going into work or whatnot
like the idea that you couldn't say like
nice gams to one of your co-workers you
know the secretary I guess at that time
like you couldn't say like nice legs or
you know I like what your dress honey
you know Mike my dad my mom was his
chattel at one point right I mean
theoretically and I can't even say nice
gams to a girl like I've lost something
as a as a white guy I I think there's
something to that I think that there's
also and this is again hinted at by the
Whitman thing
my personal completely improvement
theory would be that a lot of this is
coming from the right about the left
because the right has a hell of a lot
more explaining to do over the last 20
to 30 years the road and Denver left us
you know if you look at the
radicalization of the ratios or the fact
that as Dave Roberts said on Twitter
this morning as we're the basic problem
is that we are dealing with a country in
which this almost deranged social
movement of people who have no real
grasp on reality are playing a dominant
role in our politics and this is what we
need to be talking about but this
presents huge problems for you if you
are somebody who sees yourself as being
true reasonable unquote and also tending
towards the right in some way or another
you know you're left with a very very
awkward death of things to explain about
the people who are supposedly on your
side and to become much much easier I
think to pull a to croak way as at the
rhetorical term is a you am sort of you
to or
it's really your fault kind of thing to
push back against people on the Left who
are basically telling you I'm sort of
why the hell are you associating with
these crazy people it's an easy way for
you to try and put the blame back and
then what where are we on the trajectory
of these of these ideologies I mean is
that you know and I think at some level
it's an obvious question but I mean
where does this does that level of
embarrassment indicate that you know
we're in the final stages is there some
type of like you know like psychological
trajectory for these type of things I
wish I could say that I thought that I
was true I don't think so I think we are
saying we are seeing some splicing
happening on the righteous one of the
interesting things that we are seeing on
global warming is people like say for
example Jerry Taylor who used to be a
Cato undergone two Niskanen more lessons
are completely changing his tune on
global warming because he was convinced
by the experts we're seeing a number of
people in the intellectual class I think
who were previously centrist tending
towards right
beginning to embrace the liberal left
not completely but to a much greater
extent than in the past but I think more
broadly we're seeing a Rossio social
environment and in particular
informational environment which means
that I think the crazy is going to get
higher before it begins to deflation
here if you think about the ways in
which as you say this goes back in many
ways to talk radio it goes back to for
Fox News we've had a lot of crazy on the
rise in this country long before we had
social media before we had Twitter
before we had any of this this is all
about constructing separate reality
based on different kinds of facts and I
think that over over the next few years
we're going to see how becomes more and
more easy to generate apparently
convincing new facts quote-unquote as a
people get more sophisticated about how
to poison existing repositories of
information out there as institutional
such as you
census come under increasing attack as
we begin to see a technique such as
adversarial generated generative
adversarial networks being used to
generate fake video and fake fake audio
that appears convincingly to make it
appear that people have said things that
they haven't said I mean my depressing
fear is that we ain't seen nothing yet
yeah I tend to agree with that
henry fayol professor of political
science and international affairs at
George Washington University thank you
so much for your time today I really
appreciate it and thank you so much
