with sass where everyday casual Friday
that means Monday is casual Monday
Tuesday casual Tuesday Wednesday casual
hump day Thursday casual thurs that's
what we call it and Friday casual
Shabbat
come on jarred a report with sam Sita
it is Friday October 19th 2018 my name
is Sam cedar this the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
cliff chef cliff schecter will be here
with us folks starting early today end
of a long week got to get on a jet plane
go to California meanwhile this sounds
amazing but conservatives are now
mounting a smear campaign against Jamal
khashoggi presumably to justify why he
was murdered and chopped up into pieces
as a way of defending Donald Trump
welcome to America ladies and gentlemen
meanwhile last night Donald Trump
promotes more violence against
journalists absentee voting already
underway across the country including in
Georgia where Stacey Abrams is neck and
neck with voters who are presumed to not
be disenfranchised so important to get
out and vote folks because you know
there will be other people's whose votes
are not going to be counted probably
because they're black meanwhile rick
scott may have a me-too problem as well
as his me corrupt problem he already had
and the us to eliminate the palestinian
mission and merge it with the israeli
embassy and lastly annex trump advisor
is suing chapo traphouse all this and
more on today's program yes ladies and
gentlemen it is Friday my computer's not
working that well so forgive me if I'm a
little bit disjointed I've had a rather
like technically difficult past 24 hours
have a night you know but hopefully this
doesn't extend to the plane all right
geez that's me knocking on wood right
knocking on wood will be fine everybody
will be fine ladies and gentlemen it is
November 19th and back of the envelope
well I'll count them out because we have
less than are we less than two weeks
away no we've got about two and a half
weeks it's going to be November 7th is
election day
and all hell is going to break loose
after this election I'm telling you this
now
that could involve firings of DOJ
officials that could involve potential
attacks on other countries but this
lame-duck session is going to be nuts I
think this is my sense well let's not
get ahead of ourselves well it's it's
gonna be a lame-duck session the
question is who's gonna return On
January 21st or January 20th whenever
the Congress is inaugurated and but
there's no doubt in my mind Democrats
win Republicans win we're gonna see some
firings and the question is and and we
may see some attempts to engage in a war
maybe it'll be worse if the Democrats
win in the short term till they get into
office in terms of the way that Trump
reacts it's unclear but I can tell you
that in terms of long term if Democrats
are not controlling the house look two
cuts in Social Security look two cuts in
Medicare look two cuts across the board
think about the sequester without the
military cuts and it will not be like
the first two years of this
administration because there will have
been a validation of Trump and the
Republicans and they're all you're
starting to see this now right the never
Trump movement is basically dead there's
a couple of stragglers who have decided
they're really not never Trump anymore
they're just gonna call themselves
Democrats and all well and good it's
nice to have four more votes nationally
but
the never Trump movement is dead there
is no hesitation anymore about
Republican leadership signing on to a
Trump agenda signing on to a Trump
methodology and we're gonna play this in
a little bit when cliff is here but make
no mistake about it
Donald Trump has showed them like this
is the way Quinn and I don't know if
they're right or they're wrong but they
don't have many options that's the
problem there is no there is no other
options for them so trumpism and and I
don't mean that in terms of policy in
terms of policy it's the same but
fascism is politics aestheticized right
right and and the but the the the
politics like the actual policy
prescriptions are more or less the same
but the methodology is a little bit
different and the style is a little bit
different Kevin I really clarified
things regards to let know the never
Trump errs yes and and it did two things
it did that in terms of saying where
everybody's aligned but it also was the
first time where we had in the post
Trump era a the adoption of the Trump
methodology which is basically total
shamelessness not mostly shamelessness
where I think Republicans had been for a
long time but total total shamelessness
the idea that Kavanaugh could sit in
that room and say the Alumnus thing was
an homage and every single human being
in that room knew exactly what it was
and that he was lying every single one
and it somewhat they were just like well
he's gonna get away with this and the
others were just like I can't believe
he's gonna get away with this but no one
said a word and there are other lies but
that to me was just the most sort of
like unequivocal I thought the way he
lied about the process like I've been
investigated X number of times prior to
this there there was there's a half a
dozen other lies and at least you know
outright lies like the man II Miranda
stuff and stuff like this but that was
the most sort of obvious like colloquial
there was no hedging in the language
that was not like you needed some type
of special information you didn't need
to know the backstory you know it
literally would have been like if he got
up there and said 12:00 noon is the
night time you don't need to know
anything you know the guy's lying he
knows he's lying his crying wife behind
him knows he's lying every senator knew
he was lying every person in the room
knew he was lying and nobody did
anything and that is to me sort of the
aside from you know knowing where the
Republicans stand that moment was when I
think a lot of people in the Republican
Party were like ooh the the even the
notion of like shame is no longer a
political constraint and that is super
dangerous
III don't know that it makes I don't
know that it wasn't inevitable and that
we certainly were on the road but it
just basically means that like you know
power must be taken at any point and if
he wins here if the day of the
Republicans win here and there the the
lying that they're doing is just you
know also shameless we will talk about
that but
you know we saw a glimpse of this in the
past but we'll save this for for cliff
schecter but with that in mind we have
the Secretary of State Mike Pompeo he's
at the White House ostensibly he's flown
back from Saudi Arabia right when he's
making this speech and he's he went to
Saudi Arabia's like I need the hard
answers here I need to know what the
heck there's there's reports that your
own personal bodyguard
well I'm it's a been Salomon was was
there you did his Clouseau impression
and Pompeyo got the goods here he is
he's coming back to announce like I
figured out what's going on I had a
chance to brief the President on the
travels that I returned from last
evening where I had travel both to
Riyadh and on crupp had a chance to talk
within in Riyadh with the king with the
crown prince from the foreign minister
all of the United States counterparts
there we made clear to them that we take
this matter
with respect to mr. khashoggi very
seriously they made clear to me that
they to understand the serious nature of
the disappearance of mr. khashoggi they
also assured me that they will conduct a
composite posit the disappearance right
he disappeared
god I love that passive voice well it's
it's also sort of like we don't we don't
know what happened to it we don't know
if he's dead or alive he for all we know
this could be an insurance fraud scam
the old life insurance think or maybe
maybe he just really didn't want to get
married
spontaneous combustion spontaneous
combustion is possible maybe didn't want
to get married and so this is the only
way that he didn't have the the guts to
break up with his fiance so I did the
old go into the embassy and go out the
back door type of thing maybe maybe
maybe he was picked up by a UFO stranger
things have happened you know or maybe
not but you know at one point it's
possible someone gets teleported up to a
UFO or picked up by a tractor beam
there's multiple different explanations
but he disappeared go back a little bit
understand the serious nature of the
disappearance
mr. Khashoggi they also assured me that
they will conduct a complete thorough
investigation of all of the facts
surrounding mr. Kassabian that they will
do so in a timely fashion and that this
report itself will be transparent for
everyone to see ask questions about and
to acquire with respect to its
thoroughness and I told President Trump
this morning that we ought to give them
a few more days to complete that so that
we to have a complete understanding of
the facts surrounding that which point
we can make decisions about how or if
the United States should respond you see
what you're doing in real-time
we are watching people make up a story
right and it's and apparently it's not
gonna be too easy because there's so
much evidence that what it appears to be
like physical evidence in the form of
like a recording that they're really
having to work on like what's going on
so like they have to do some type of
investigation now incidentally one
person who was reportedly of that 15 my
understanding from last night already
had the misfortune of dying in a car
crash can you believe it can you believe
it so there may need a couple more days
to investigate in other words like maybe
maybe let's see if you got one in one
day it made it maybe they made two weeks
you have someone they're going to kill
all of those guys well I'd like to call
it tying up loose ends right and the US
government is covering for them so
that's where we are ladies and gentlemen
I mean I I hope we see more this is why
all the Republicans who are running I
think that's you know we were sitting in
here why why are the Republicans the
Conservatives are doing a whisper
campaign smearing khashoggi which is I
just don't even understand what the
outcome of that is they don't want to
alienate I guess their base but the fact
is is that none of these Republicans I
mean I don't know how going into this
election a single one of them running
for reelection
could actually say like anything other
than this were like every democratic at
this point we have a government where
you know and it's slightly different
than when we just kill people right
because everybody sort of bought into
that as a as a nation but the idea that
we are running basically interference
for the just naked murder of a
journalist that's been crazy the base
loves that stuff so well yeah they're
gonna need a little bit more than the
base that's the problem so they may like
it from Trump but if I'm running against
Dave brat in Virginia let's say I'm
gonna be like will you denounced the
president for covering up on this murder
by the Saudis the Saudis aren't
necessarily you know it'd be interesting
we'll talk to cliff about this because I
think there is a pipe a reason why
Donald Trump was praising GM Forte the
other a journalist abuser all right we
gotta take a quick break when we come
back cliff Schecter
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report ladies and gentlemen it's casual
Friday and of course in this era
nothing's nothing's even nothing's
casual about Friday's anymore because
it's usually just huge news dump or
something else going on
nevertheless I am wearing a soft
collared shirt and I have queued up this
little dingy
[Music]
oh I've missed that theme song the the
went back in the days when Jimmy reefer
cake was a little bit more
I don't know baladi with mrs. reefer
cake cliff schecter how are you cliff
yes I'm hearing a little what nope now
it sounds good I was hearing myself for
a second that's all right everybody's
having a little difficulties around here
today
everybody's having a little technical
problems cliff how are you I'm doing
well how are you doing man well you know
as well as one can be expected I am I'm
not going to lie I'm starting to feel a
little bit of like energy slash anxiety
about the midterms I think this is one
of those that like democracy is that
what you're saying well I'm I'm I you
know I am a fan of democracy but I'm
also I think the my feeling is less
about the fear for democracy and the
more the fear for just the Republican
rule frankly right in this country and
because I think the the days of
Republicans hesitating and being unsure
about Donald Trump
they've always shared the same policy
prescriptions
but now I think they they have basically
worked out their differences and can
will you know but I think you're under
counting the impact in all the sad faces
that Ben Sasse and just like make yes
that's true but the main guys are
they're gonna be gone right while Ben
Sasse will still be around it'll still
be there to make sad faces and then go
into unprecedented judicial hearings
during what should be the break so that
he can then keep going and destroying
norms on being very sad you know I find
that really helps I wanna I you know and
it's just me III would like to touch on
that in in in in a few of for folks who
don't know
sure despite the fact that Chuck Schumer
made two separate deals to fast-track
fifteen Republican judges each time
total thirty lifetime appointments
apparently he didn't talk to chuck
Grassley about it chuck Grassley is now
holding comp you know hearings for more
judges with I don't know three or four
people are showing up I mean it's it's
is there anybody in the entire sort of
left of let's say the Republican Party
anywhere in there the things Chuck
Schumer doing a good job
kind of wondering it's stunning to me I
I but I know we plan to talk about other
stuff but yeah I do think we touched on
that because I just the deal for not
sort of making them I mean I'm not a
Senate expert you probably had people on
the show who are but I do understand
from my friends you've worked on the
Senate floor that that if they do not
provide unanimous consent they can drag
their thirty hours of debate you have
these folks which is essentially they
could have just sent I mean Tim Kaine is
not what you'd call in a real race he's
running in a state that's leaning left
against a neo Confederate and the
Virginia that would've been a problem
thirty years ago no longer and then
otherwise you've got you know Maryland
is right there we happen to have some
senators from there a same with Mark
Warner from Virginia they could have
just had somebody on the floor like they
need to do yep and and I mean I'm sure
McConnell wouldn't do that he would
never just to be a dick you know and
that's what's so frustrating it's like
after Kavanagh you're gonna make deals I
would just do even if you can't stop
them I would do it just to ruin
their vacation and make them make them
work harder
yeah it's what no I agree with it we
talked about it yesterday too with Jeff
Hauser and I know that's driving me
crazy but alright let's talk about this
though because reports today by the
Washington Post that conservatives and
you know how this goes right there the
line between what constitutes the lowest
rung of the conservative taxonomy you
know is basically now functionally
equivalent with your typical Republican
senator there is no you know there was a
day where it was like oh these people
the bright parts in the you know the the
the low end folks they're kept at arm's
length
you know Mike Serna Vichy isn't gonna be
dining at the White House but those days
are over right and they're all right now
yeah the the Conservatives are trying to
mount a whisper campaign saying that
Jamal khashoggi was Muslim Brotherhood
and that's why he should be chopped up
when he goes in to get a marriage
license and so here is with that as the
backdrop right and we just played a clip
of Mike Pompeo coming back and saying
we're gonna give them a couple more days
to get their story straight and figure
out how they're gonna make up something
we to catch the real killers
exactly it doesn't matter but but this
was interesting Donald Trump last night
he's in where was he in Virginia was it
Missoula Montana sorry and he's at his
rally and he's added a line now granted
jim forte is from that area yes right
but how he talked about GM Ford you had
a choice and here here's where he went
for well here's what he went for he's so
smart you know we've had people you're
in live television all over the place
and we've had people get up speak for
20-25 minutes and these guys are going
crazy that's not the deal
but Gregg is smart and by the way never
wrestle him
you understand that never any guy that
can do a body slam he's Mike
oh my god
I shouldn't say that you're not but this
is nothing to be embarrassed so I was in
Rome with a lot of the leaders from
other countries talking about all sorts
of things and I heard yeah heard about
and now he's referring to when g and
forte criminally body-slammed
a reporter he was indicted right charged
and convicted he was and you know what I
loved about that though well you
finished first I'll tell you what I love
nothing to be embarrassed about but I
have a theory about why Trump
highlighted that you do go first well
I'm not giving a theory about why you
highlighted I'm just saying I love how
impossibly the most unintended metaphor
of all time it was like when I was in
Rome right like the perfect metaphor for
the falling of our empire right it's
sort of you know like when he was in
Rome the well the other places that
allowed a once functioning at least on
some level democracy to become so
thoroughly corrupt allow allowed the
people like Gian Forte and others to
cross the line the Rubicon if you will
and to come inside and behave that way
and of course which led to Rome turning
to dust and that's that's his but that's
how he of course I need too much of a
 to have any understanding of
anything but yeah I mean I if you're
gonna say your theory is is that part of
this is to kind of ease the burden of
what happens what's going on with Saudi
Arabia yes
they defend kind of his attacks on the
