[Music]
[Music]
dick folds unorthodox style of
leadership meant he was admired and
feared in equal measure dick took the
floor like a statesman and he proceeded
to deliver this fearsome attack on
short-sellers
the people who were depressing Lehman
share price by being being short the
stock and he's any brother to everyone's
surprised mystification he said if we
get this rated a bubble will squeeze
some of those shorts squeeze them hard
not that I want to hurt him don't get
that please cuz that's just not who I am
I am soft I'm lovable but what I really
want to do is I want to reach in rip out
their heart and eat it before they die
Dick Fuld also had an insatiable
appetite for profits fava beans
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
I'm Michael Brooks we are broadcasting
live from downtown Brooklyn USA where
left is best as it is everywhere else
with super producer Matt luck
hello chief economist David Gris come
how's it going
so producer David Slovak is in the
digitus fear in the ever growing ever
aggressive ever expansive TMDs universe
on this week's program Alberto mighta he
is a Brazilian political scientist and
pollster he's gonna break us down the
latest numbers coming out of Brazil's
presidential election will a fascist
fall will Lula orchestrate an election
from prison Matt Taibbi then returns he
has a new book out being serialized it's
called the fairway it's an informal
sequel to Chomsky and Herrnstein
manufacturing consent we'll also talk
about the financials crisis ten years
later we're still not jailing bankers
and we have a special gulag in the
postgame we're reading Thomas Friedman
together and then we're bringing it all
home with a dunk Athan on Andrew Cuomo
shudder a shout-out is gonna be going to
Norway and of course to all of the
people including friend of show Wendy
Wong getting arrested protesting the
ongoing push for the confirmation of
Judge Cavanaugh as the exceedingly
credible accusations cascade and pour in
all that plus we have a lek regulate
we've got Griscom z-- economics and so
much more on the Michael Brooks show
let's get it well let's start by talking
about why corruption in and of itself is
not a sufficient tool for understanding
politics and understanding how power
works
nobody wants corruption nobody likes
corruption like nobody likes Andrew
Cuomo but corruption in and of itself
particularly when it's been weaponized
by one side of political warfare can
never get us to a proper analysis of
what we need to have in a complex
situation and of course I'm referring to
Brazil but I'm also referring to the
entire politics of Latin America's pink
tide and the counter action by the right
against the left and also how more
broadly we conceive of these questions
as institutional and not just moralistic
ones liberals too often make this
mistake they believe that political
institutions are neutral especially
legal institutions but a material
understanding allows us to see political
institutions having distinct though with
not out contradiction orientations so in
Brazil which is obviously very important
to me and important to this show you had
a party the Workers Party under the as I
always say in terms of reality the
unparalleled political leadership of
lula da silva after three failed tries
and after a contradictory constitution
in 1988 which brought an end to the
military dictatorship and formalized
brazilian democracy and was very
socially and labour progressive in some
respects but still formalized brazilian
oligarchy we had a Workers Party under
Lula's leadership that tried for the
presidency three times gaining the
presidency in 2003 and as part of a
broader set of deals and two terms in
office that lifted between 30 and 40
million people out of poverty that
brought innumerable material good to
poor and middle-class Brazilians lower
middle class Brazilians there was
accommodations made with the Brazilian
political structure the traditional
oligarchies and parties that run that
country
in 2013 they were mass leftist protests
in places like San Paulo against some of
the failures of the workers government
that then being led by Dilma including
the way the Olympics and World Cup were
handled by bus fare hikes those protests
against austerity morphed and were
harnessed by the right for a broad
sprawling anti-corruption politics which
quickly centered all discourse about
corruption to focus on the Workers Party
while ignoring and downplaying in many
cases much more urgent and serious and
structural and endemic corruption
questions that of course implicated all
the rest of Brazil's political parties
this is actually happening across Latin
America there's serious corruption
charges everywhere from the center left
in Chile to the populist Cristina if the
Kirchner in Argentina and of course in
Venezuela we know as an example and I'm
quoting now from the nation that
Christina de Kirchner was indicted for
fraud for conspiring with her public
works secretary Jose Lopez to steal
millions of dollars in federal contracts
intended for roadwork in Argentina in
Chile Michelle Bachelet left office
under cloud of suspicion her family and
by extension herself is accused of
illegal real estate transactions that
netted millions of dollars now we
understand the difference between
campaign contributions and bribes
supposedly bribes are things that show
up in duffel bags they're underhanded
they're off the books but we do know
that legally and structurally in the
United States and in Brazil for that
matter where the second highest rate of
campaign money is spent anywhere in the
world that corporations and the private
sector funnel money from campaigns and
are a conduit for essentially governing
the political process we're gonna play a
brief clip here in the background this
is protests of for the assassination of
Mariela Franco we talked about this with
Glenn Greenwald several months ago there
still has been no real movement on the
investigation of the assassination of a
City Councilwoman who was almost
certainly murder
by people connected to the Brazilian
far-right on anti-corruption politics
has been used across Latin America as a
tool against the left and not something
for a broader effort towards corruption
as a whole and any effort towards
dealing with corruption as a whole would
immediately implicate capital oligarchy
and all forms of non public campaign
funding structure and you see this
discourse sometimes in the United States
with certain people who talk about
politicians of conscience and corruption
as free-floating ethical questions and
not once connected to systems of power
patronage and connection that's what we
see in Latin America that's what we see
in the United States that was what we
see everywhere and until we can realize
the line between a bribe and a campaign
finance donation is one of legalities
and appearance not real substantive
difference and until we can have a
politics that is not just
anti-corruption but a politics that
scrutinizes and deals with the systemic
conditions underneath that corruption we
will get nowhere and also as in the case
of Brazil with Jay strong anti austerity
movement getting harnessed in the end by
the right for a free-floating
anti-corruption politics which balsa
narrow the fascist has run with in every
way echoing Pinochet in Chile in the 70s
echoing drain the swamp here with Donald
Trump people's outrage and sense of
morality outside of historical and
material conditions will never be a
winning strategy for the left so we must
be anti corruption but anti corruption
in every single sense and if we follow
that logic we're gonna start to become
pretty anti capital say that and then
I'll also say as we move towards October
7th in the conversation with Alberta
mida Lula Libre which I think I'm still
a little off in that pronunciation but
I'm working on I'm gonna need to learn
Portuguese I think I I wish I wasn't
such a shabby language student we were
laughing
is it work I picked up quite a bit of
French in the run-up to my trip there I
was I was
after about day four I'm like you know
what some of this stuff actually stuck
do you have any other language in your
back I took Spanish four years of
Spanish in high school but I never aim
well I never really went to a place to
actually use it I feel like you almost
need to do that to cement it but I I'm a
bad language student but when I was in
Turkey for a while I did start speaking
some Turkish I mean yeah you do gotta go
but that's good to know about to a low
lingua Griscom yeah I I had a out of
Spanish teacher in South Carolina this
is why I can't speak Spanish they had a
very thick southern accent could you do
an impression of those like como estas
[Laughter]
that's awesome I spent is completely
useless at practice but you know I you
know I look at you if when you look at
what's been going on in South and
Central America with the question of
corruption yes it's been used in in such
a venomous way worse like you know there
Ober no I don't I don't think any of us
are denying that there are aspects and
there are things that are corrupt within
those like political systems there but
what that's being used for is be as a
shield for the right-wing and the
military right the old power structures
to come back into power and that's the
wrong thing and that's exactly what
Donald Trump was doing in the US where
you have you know in DC a system that is
fairly corrupt is very much run by you
know major banks major corporations and
Trump comes in and says we're gonna come
after this corrupt establishment what to
do what to serve those old vested
interests so when somebody talks about
you know a corruption anti-corruption
regime you really have to look at what
they mean by that because oftentimes
it's a targeted you know political
attack on certain groups right and I
think also the other really important
thing to understand is the difference
between the corruption like if you want
your party to run Brazil you're gonna
make deals with certain groups actually
and today you know today's conditions
are changing so now if workers party
gets back into power they're gonna need
to have a ever-present mobilized base or
be permanently threatened by the
traditional power structure but that
being said you can't you also can't make
it a moral question because I mean like
again of course there's some people that
are just venal and corrupt and they go
into politics to enrich themselves or
whatever and that happens across the
political spectrum but there's also
understanding the structural
accommodations that one might make to
get into a position of power and those
you know those deals that you need to
get there and then the question becomes
well wait a second if all of these
parties are involved in something that's
just endemic in the system and has to do
with intrinsically by right-leaning
reactionary forces then we can start
asking well isn't different types of
corruption leading to pretty different
outcomes and we're not condoning any of
it but we're already making a big
distinction versus this just
metaphysical meaningless category of
corruption we're making smart
distinctions and that's just necessary
always it makes me think of Ezra Klein
tweeted out that we're not in a
constitutional crisis unless Paul Ryan
and Mitch McConnell allow it to be one
which is another way of saying like
we're in a constitutional crisis yeah so
we are and we've basically been in one I
mean I mean you can place it wherever
early peg you want but I think the Bill
Clinton stuff in the 90s as a sort of
like like these are like this is a split
in the ruling classes being exercised
through a law fair through law fair but
exactly and that loss Latimer is super
like that's something I feel like it's
hard to know about because it's so
obscure by nature and that sort of thing
but it does like I remember I'm reminded
of reading about the French Revolution
and how big of a part lawyers were in
that and it does seem like we're in a
similarly sclerotic and decadent phase
in the society I don't think there's any
question about that but let's go to the
opposite of sclerotic and decadent and
go to the shoutout for a minute do we
have our
shut up mimsy Jenner Turner I don't
agree with anarchy could give us a
shout-out be though the hill let's get
to fading us out early okay that's fair
I shout out goes to something that
should be happening globally it isn't
and maybe it's even too small of a step
but it is something in the right
direction the Norwegian Parliament has
voted to ban deforestation Norway I'm
quoting now from eco watch Norway's
become the first country to ban the
deforestation the Norwegian Parliament
pledged in May 26th that the
government's public procurement policy
will be deforestation free any product
that constitute that contributes to
deforestation will not be used in the
Scandinavian country the pledge is
recommended by nor wheat by Norwegian
Parliament Standing Committee on Energy
and Environment as part of an action
plan on nature diversity rainforest
Foundation Norway it was the main
lobbying power behind this
recommendation has worked for years to
bring the pledge into existence this is
important victory on the fight to
protect the rainforest Niels Herman rana
Minh head of the head of policy and
campaign at the rainforest Foundation
Norway stood in a statement over the
last few years a number of companies
have committed to cease the procurement
of goods that can be linked to
deforestation in rainforests until now
this has not been matched by similar
commitments from governments thus it's
highly positive that the region state is
following suit so a small but vital step
in the preservation of the global
Commons and in the future viability of
life and ecology on planet earth and
this week's DMBS shout out we are
obviously close to the end of September
the chill
the ruthless chill of at least for me
what is a dreaded seasonal change is
coming I really hate it I do not like
the cold
I love the weather today so Marie with
it I even when it's raining like this
you like it yep yup let's read some PG
Woodhouse drink some tea gosh I'll read
some PG woodhouse the drinks I've got
I've read a PG Wodehouse the nice thing
about PG wodehouse stories is they're
very short and you get like four of them
in one book yes you do are we seeing a
wood house or wood house I heard both
I'd say whoa straw house well it's how
it's spelled you know he lived up the he
lived nearby he lived on Long Island he
lookin Island yeah the key like for this
guy who wrote if you guys don't know
he's an author who wrote a lot of likes
at a satire most people know Jeeves I
think yeah yeah yes characters you know
so he made fun of all the British but he
lived in the US and he would write like
for about like an hour in the morning
and then he would drink martinis and
watch American soap operas all day long
and I was sort of with it really besides
the writing and soap opera part
everything else sounded great man I
never I've never tried it maybe we'll do
that when we get to 3,000 patrons we'll
do a soap opera watch party the politics
of uh gosh I can't even name one General
Hospital I don't know that's the only
one I know Matt ace of our lives what
we're gonna do is we're gonna pack Bowl
and we're gonna just watch DS or our
lives together and just like she like
cultural implications of that I'm gonna
listen very closely to the string music
score that they use to tell you how to
feel about every scene well those hints
are not are not only relegated to soap
operas all right Matt where's the music
we have that strongly intimates that
people should become patrons of tea MBs
okay that's good that seems about right
uh guys I know I you know explain every
week we're getting close to the end of
the month it's definitely time to come a
patron if you haven't yet we see that mm
in our sights and we've got some new
plans with that in addition to
sustaining what we have making it
durable and expanding it from there
huge amount of extra content discord
community this weekend Luke Luke Savage
debunking the myth of Canada's leftism
and talking about a illicit illicit
history would you say oh it's what
Canadians and upper Midwestern logy Oh
ope ope Oh
you down with ope you know Luke Savage
and we're doing an illicit history of
Canadian politics woke brews returns
this week don't forget October 5th I
think it's sold out but they might let
you sneak in I'm there for the count the
Bing show the Bell House I'm one of the
non-count than one of the guests one of
the count the things of Jason's coming
patron day appreciate it give you a
longer rap next week want to get you in
under the wire before September ends
patreon.com slash TMDs thanks everybody
who make this show possible the whole
team all patrons all the folks the
discord all of my advisers everybody
else much appreciated
we will be back briefly with Alberto
Almeida
you
welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
I'm Michael Brooks joining us now from
Brazil is Alberto Almeida he's a
political scientist and author of
several books on Brazilian society and
politics and one of the most important
analysts and Watchers of the current
Brazilian presidential current Brazilian
presidential and broader elections
taking place in Brazil today Alberto
thanks so much for joining us okay good
evening how are you doing very well is
very good to be speaking with you I
really appreciate you taking the time
let's start just with where we stand now
heading into October 7th can you give a
brief review I've certainly talked a lot
on this show people joke about how much
I've talked on this show about a former
president Lula
but others of course also balsan ro the
far-right candidate can you tell us the
sort of main candidates in play right
now and what the polls look like headed
into the first round of the elections on
October 7th yes for sure look at the
moment there are two main candidates
disputing the first place in the polls
the far-right candidates both so now he
has he has a very weak weak political
party it's very surprising his his
position in this in this election there
is the candidate of the parties the the
worker parties the PT which is the
former mayor of San Paulo indicated by
Lula and there are the three candidates
they have more than five percent of
votes is one is marina from the former
Green Party she has her own party at
this mall at these moments this is her
third election presidential election and
well at this moment her performance is
