[Music]
before we go a couple people sent this
and you know we talked about this the
other day in the context of Joe Rogan
that Joe Rogan had mentioned us on the
show because I think cuz of the video
that we had done about him and Doug
Stanhope and this nut and people were
emailing me they were upset they were
like Joe Rogan is inviting Kyle kolinsky
and jimmy dore on the show and he should
invite you and I was like look I'm happy
for anybody from the left to get on that
show to promote left issues the problem
is is that and do we have those
screenshots we should have to we need
that other one Brendan he doesn't have
it
the one from the reddit okay so I don't
see it here but the pro to the problem
is and make sure you get it Matt one of
the problems with this is is that like
I've been saying look I don't care about
Jimmy as a person I don't care about you
know I mean it would be nice if he was
actually did any work but the problem is
is that I've suggested is that when you
have somebody who going around doing
stuff like Hillary Clinton has
Parkinson's or you know the seth rich
murder is it tied to the DNC asking
those type of questions right okay that
stuff poisons the well it poisons the
well and the water supply and the
product that I'm selling which may very
well be the exact same political program
more or less than Jimmy's for Jimmy he's
willing to
trade things like what's happening with
ice to these people for a vague notion
of the words green New Deal which which
had of course no chance of coming about
but as long as but but that's
self-satisfaction and whatnot that's all
well and good but here's where the real
problem lies here is Jimmy door on the
Joe Rogan show the gyro can experience
why I guess me excuse me the Joe Rogan
experience Barack Obama's entire cabinet
came from an email from Citigroup okay
so people trying to say that somehow
corruption started on January 20th when
that night 2017 are fooling themselves
and that's what I'm fighting against yes
on my car and you're one of the only
people that are doing that you're one of
the only people that are online that
that you you're not you're not obligated
to to shill for the left you're right
you're not doing it but everybody else
seems to be I don't mean every positive
now now here's the interesting thing is
that and I don't know why Jimmy didn't
make this distinction more pointedly I
don't think Jimmy would say that he that
there are people who are obligated to
shill for the left as much as there are
people that in their context would be
obligated shill for the Democrats but
for for Rogen these are interchangeable
ideas but could doing it but everybody
else seems to be I don't mean everybody
else if you're one of the people that
are not a you Jerome
there's just a handful of people who are
not just so few there's so few that are
calling out people in the Democratic
Party for what really is going on like I
was infuriated when people that I knew
that I was friends with we're trying to
tell me that that Hillary Clinton was a
good choice that's the same choice
now of course he's talking about in the
race with Donald Trump and I would still
contend and I think there's even
mounting evidence now that Hillary
Clinton was the better choice between
those two and not a good choice in
general like in the
grand scheme of things there's no
contradiction between those not none
whatsoever we have a system where there
was there was if anybody I would have
taken any dollar amount ever from
anybody that who wanted to bet that
either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton
would not win yep
I would have I would have bet every
single thing I own and things I don't
own and nobody nobody nobody would take
a bet otherwise who was sane but roll it
back and let's just hear so so now I
don't expect a Jimmy Dore to take a
different position because his position
throughout the thing was that you know
lesser of evil ISM is though I don't
know what but but more or less I'm sure
they're going to agree here but go ahead
that Hillary Clinton was a good choice
and that's the same choice I'm like look
I don't know if she's murdered people
but I know that I worried that she's
murdered people that's a real I've
really wonder like this is that's rich
 I know for first of all this Lee
you don't even need to go there you know
cause it for one second that's
interesting you don't even have to go
there trying to think of somebody who
went there can we just pull up that
image for a second what's that one now
who is this here did DNC staffer ceteris
murder tied to WikiLeaks guess who went
there that's odd there's this Jimmy Dore
sitting there makes for a picture of
seth rich hmm there you go oh but he got
a hundred and sixteen thousand views out
of that one that's good all right let's
go back to the interview with Joe Rogan
here because Jimmy door of course
doesn't respond to the Seth rich thing
instead of saying hey actually no the
issue with Hillary Clinton had to do
with her politics not the fact that you
think she might have killed somebody
because you've been listening to Rush
Limbaugh for thirty years telling you
that Vince Foster was secretly murdered
like there's no room for sanity in this
conversation now
what have you because Jimmy has already
forfeited that right well that's the
problem the value of Jimmy going on to
this show is already undercut because he
can't respond to the idea that joe rogan
doesn't want to vote for hillary clinton
because he thinks she may have murdered
somebody but continue and i would add I
would add that Seth rich was killed
after the election so I don't know who
he thought that she had killed before
then I guess he must be Vince Foster
this would be a great time to say you
know this is one of the problems in our
politics Jo and that is that like
because Rush Limbaugh was on there and
there was an entire conspiracy thing
arguing that Vince Foster had been
murdered and dragged his body to the
park
what are you enlarging it and what have
you said you know every single president
united states is at the very least
complicit in murder just via the design
of our foreign policy Jo Jimmy can't do
that because when Joe Rogan brings up
Seth rich look it takes a while for
Jimmy to figure out how to answer this
because because Jimmy went in on this
now maybe Joe Rogan who said like I
couldn't vote for somebody in good
conscience who was so clearly at
Parkinson's and Joe wood had the same
problem I mean excuse me Jimmy wood had
the same problem because he did multiple
videos on that but good and that's the
same choice I'm like look I don't know
if she's murdered people but I know that
I worried that she's murdered people
that's a real good I really wonder like
this is that's rich I know
first of all this Lee you don't even
need to go there you know there's so
many other things there's so many other
things that we know for a fact the
Clinton Foundation for instance so the
Iraq war what do we know about the
Clinton Foundation for sure Bill Clinton
right now look I don't hire
I don't know anything for sure about the
Clinton Foundation I know Bill Clinton
in a pretty crafty move spent the past
couple of days in the Virgin Islands in
Puerto Rico delivering all sorts of
medical which is clearly a way to
set up Chelsea Clinton's run in 30 years
could be we get 30 years of charity work
so that she can have a run but it's all
just to cover up the Vince Foster thing
Clinton thing was another thing that
muddied the water so I just say like
off-course they took tons of money from
people that wanted to have a good
relationship with them including foreign
governments and corporations because
that's who they are and and that's a big
problem in and of itself but this
flipped conspiratorial thing is right
but I mean compare that to Donald Trump
oh he also ran doubtedly rock money from
people like that's know don't know
please ship who run for president I run
a clean ship those are the people run
for president but and so and then here's
the thing Jimmy goes on to make a lot of
different points that I more or less
agree with yeah he's on the ball at the
rock stuff I think sure although you
know John Kerry also voted for the Iraq
war and it would have been better to
have him than george w bush no kidding
and Donald Trump was supportive now he
wasn't a senator but Barack Obama was
also against the the Iraq war I mean he
goes on to talk about how Donald Trump
people got really hoodwinked by Donald
Trump cuz they thought he was gonna be
non interventionist can you imagine that
you imagine that the guy who started
Trump University was able to hoodwink
people I think there were also some
people in the media zone who did
correctly anticipate that Donald Trump's
anti wasn't exactly something right yeah
I also thought ya might have been able
to see through that veneer Sam and I
were real criminologists we were real
Miss Cleo on that ship because we also
thought when he directly called for war
and his campaign rallies that that might
have been also Italian right yeah yeah
the Pro torture the overt Pro torture
calls may have been the pig's blood wing
yeah big baby bomb the out of them
steal their oil gone either way
could have gone either a little bit of a
heads after their families uh but here's
the here's the real problem is that
because Jimmy could not push back on
stuff like Seth rich and whatnot the
value of his going on that show is
diminished exhibit a here is the Donald
Trump reddit board for real this Joe
Rogan video everyone's talking about
exposing the DNC's obvious involvement
in the murder of Seth rich is one
hundred percent worth the watch and
should be spread far and wide and you
know why it's so obvious is because the
so-called leftist there who Joe is
bringing on to show his bona fides in
taking other people's opinions does not
even slightly pushback on that because
he can't some Alex Jones it is
indeed it is indeed but that's an
example of the point that I was always
trying to make with Jimmy and
unfortunately Jimmy and Joe did it for
me and I just didn't want to let that
yes I'm starting to get mad now too I
initially found your feud with him
somewhat boring well by the time you got
here it was really Michael's feud with
him yeah Michael's gonna be over it in
like three months and then it's gonna be
James actually in you Loki have been a
constant instigator I just keep it under
the simmer yeah like has a simmer on it
no I mean I've been off I've been off it
for month I it's like I abandoned the
table to the shame Michael like couldn't
help it but like well I was know cuz I
knew coat I was scarf and earmuffs and
said come have some hot cocoa no I was
hoping after the election that he would
that he would redeem himself and at the
end and do the same yeah there you go
I mean I actually you did think so
briefly you thought that several months
into not him
yeah not him personally you know I
thought for a second yeah because he
found his niche and it's a shame because
he speaks very effectively through anger
and a general disgust and NAT and that
you can't take away from him and it's a
it's a shame well I initially
thought when you were talking about him
and Jill Stein that he was sort of like
this very principled leftist and our
kiss type who like you know goes to Food
Not Bombs and really has a systemic
critique of New Orleans didn't wait I
didn't hear one YouTube but like
you're a bad leftist if you care that
much about national electoral politics
over literally anything else that he
could be talking about so that kind of
put the lie to it for me I don't put it
to me last thing I'll say is is when but
is this Komal Harris video where it was
like look I think calm lares is totally
a wolf in sheep's clothing I'm not a fan
of hers but like if your interpretation
is the tectonic plates have moved so
much that this corporatist is saying
that for a single-payer and instead of
saying you gotta watch her and demand
specifics yeah that's a smart video nada
do you see the tonality of the register
of her voice she's not an enthusiastic I
mean come on she's relevant to the
Gillibrand head we'll play later right
yeah I call Jimmy to her oh now
you've done it
now cuz you know what I voted for Jill
Stein to I'm not like proud of it there
were no good choices I voted in New York
I would have voted for Hillary in a
swing state even though I hate
everything she stands for as you vote
out of fear and yeah the frame Trump is
terrible the Republicans are terrible
you should be afraid of that sorry
and I you know I go to every DSA meeting
I think that it's much more important as
I've said to work on the
relying social forces and building class
power but also it helps not to have the
worse of two evils running the show
Clinton shill but if that makes our
neoliberal just tell it to joy Reid just
tell it that just run more interference
for New York and in and people wonder
why they can't trust you like it
doesn't seem like something we should be
a doctor picture Jamie Andy Ratan to
just hang it out do it
