[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
conference rooms of any Elise
they are unanimous in hate for me and I
hatred we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex dama chard a
report with sam cedar
it is Wednesday November 15 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today maren
mckenna author of big chicken the
incredible story of how antibiotics
created modern agriculture and changed
the way the world eats also on the
program today bipartisanship wins and we
lose as some Dems join the republicans
in Bank deregulation meanwhile turn the
page Senate GOP confirms torture memo
writer to General Counsel position of
the Department of Transportation yes
folks even if you engage in crimes
against humanity there will always be an
opportunity for you to rise in your
career and the Gary cone just learned
yesterday that he's totally full of crap
meanwhile rats abandoning the SS Roy
Moore disrupt j-20 trial begins facing
felonies for protesting meanwhile a
military coup in Zimbabwe military says
no spousal transition here please four
people killed in a northern California
shooting spree because it's a weekday
and the Senate tax plan as a stealth ACA
repeal and Medicare cuts
lastly dem intro's human rights bill for
Palestinian children and the House of
Representatives don't hold your breath
but it's nice to know that
least someone is raising the issue all
all this and more on today's program and
yes ladies and gentlemen oh I should say
welcome back to Jamie big news big news
Jamie's back she can't speak because of
her we don't push the button can you
hear me
all right I'm back benches there you go
as you say benches or she's not
gonna be able to actually cuss at you
for a while effectively until her my
mouth's a little funky still I don't
know also we do have we were able and
many people heard about the and we're
gonna play later but I just want to let
people know this is coming we have of
course the Alabama robocall we're in a
reporter from The Washington Post
supposin one is seeking basically it's
basically paying people to say bad
things about ruin more it's a robocall
that's that's been sent out we have
secured some of the rough draft versions
of this call which we will be playing
later it's a pretty big coup that we are
able to land these things so we'll be
playing those later in the program so
wider conspiracy than people think yeah
I mean there was a lot of work that went
into these things let's just put it this
way
Allah Akbar right and we will get to
that in a moment but this moment right
here mmm there was a Wall Street Journal
CEO counsel
God knows how what it must be like to be
sitting in this audience if you're a
normal human being and Gary Cohen was
there he was being interviewed by The
Wall Street Journal and one of the
things that this Republican tax bill
features our massive cuts in taxes for
corporations and part of it is also
repatriation I haven't we haven't seen
of all the language but repatriation of
foreign profits as well
and on top of this of course mm-hmm it
cuts some other taxes it eliminates the
estate tax after I think about six or
seven years which is just absurd and it
raises some taxes on some middle-class
folks but the worst of it is the cuts
that are associated with this it's going
to wreak havoc on the Affordable Care
Act it cuts Medicare we can go on and on
and of course what's going to happen and
again I don't care too much about the
deficit one way or another in this
instance but what's going to happen is
they're creating the fulcrum in which
they will use their leverage with a
deficit scare down the road to cut
Social Security and Medicare I mean
that's this this is rinse we're gonna
wash rinse repeat is the way this works
but here is a moment which is stunning
and if there was any integrity in
anywhere I mean I wanted to say sort of
like uh you know the Republican Party
and I stopped myself before I was being
ridiculous but in the in the business
you know media right well honestly like
there's got to be some small nook and
cranny there which would be I mean the
idea that there aren't people who have
been earnestly promoting this and their
jaws aren't dropping at both like Gary
cones reaction here and what's going on
is so telling it's a quick clip so I'm
gonna set it up properly for you they're
talking about the massive corporation
corporate tax cuts that are coming and
this is the Wall Street Journal CEO
council one of the the reporter there
asks I guess maybe it's the editor in
chief I'm not sure which which guy it is
that the assets of the CEOs sitting in
the audience it wants to take they're
doing one of these things where it's
like you know the the the rhetorical
version of like you know who here who's
from who's here from Jersey you know and
everybody raising they're trying to show
how much this corporate tax cut is going
to help workers cuz that's the argument
they've been trying to make now they of
course they had to take down off their
own Treasury Department website a
document that was produced during the
Bush years which shows that it's not
really gonna help workers very much at
all so they had to take that down before
they got into this tax fight but here's
Gary cone getting first-hand
confirmation and his response is I mean
what do you imagine if you know remember
when Alan Greenspan had that moment like
oh I guess I was wrong and in in the
falling of the financial meltdown
election model I have for how the world
works yes that's true
sorry that I spent my entire career in
public life trying to create bubbles and
housing man yeah I guess it turned out
was wrong Mitchell this is a moment in
real time for Gary Cohen to realize this
and wait to see how he reacts to it but
here's the question they're gonna ask me
raise hands who's gonna take that tax
money and reinvest it in your company
and your workers can I ask you all a
quick question if the tax reform bill
goes through do you plan to increase
investment of your company's investment
capital investment just a show of hands
the tax reform goes through okay why why
aren't the other hands up a question for
Gary quickly yeah why aren't the other
hands up in other words why is there
only two or three people in this entire
room full of CEOs who say they're going
to put the money back into their company
and expand and Gary cones response is
like wait why is why why are all my
assumptions completely wrong we should
have coordinated this before you're
supposed to put no no I think this is
actually a genuine moment of like wait
what and he laughs it off and they ask
him another question they all just
pretend like okay you know this is a
moment where they are so convinced of
their own assumptions that they're gonna
see all these hands up and all they can
say is like are people shy oh it must be
people are shy and the reason why
they're not going to invest in their
company in fact what
going to do is they're going to buy back
shares of their own stocks or they're
going to pay out dividends their
shareholders it's because every person
sitting in that room who is in the
c-suite of their uh their corporation
their compensation is tied to the stock
price of their company and if that's
that price goes up they're going to get
more money that is not a function of
investing in the company for the next
five years it's not a function of hiring
more workers you don't do that unless
there's demand and getting more money
back on your taxes doesn't impact demand
whatsoever in fact it's actually the the
opposite it's a little bit of circuit to
circuit ooha tiss a route to make it to
the opposite but because that money is
not going to be spent by the government
because that money is not going to your
workers you're going to see less demand
than you would have otherwise because
the only way you're going to get demand
is to pay your workers more but these
guys are sitting there going like what
you got to be joking no you're giving us
money and you're asking us oh a my gonna
give it to the company or am I gonna put
it in my pocket that's a joke right Gary
cone right that's a joke now maybe he
doesn't understand this because he came
from the world of finance and he only
gets the benefit he doesn't like he just
sees like tax cuts oh I'm gonna get more
money not just because I'm getting
personal tax cuts but because the stocks
prices are gonna go up and that's my
business it was a really telling moment
that really I mean honestly that should
be that the first thing that people show
in the news tonight not gonna happen
caviar and no no we're at the
heads we're the hands he's having a
tough break he doesn't get the the the
fed and he finds out that everything he
believed about about everything was
wrong no strip clubs in lower Manhattan
and my Rebbe mad at me
and no Fed should get all this for for
supporting neo-fascist folks here's
something else you can chew on at this
moment many recent studies suggest that
having good oral health impacts your
overall health in fact this is known
this for a long time we had I think it
was several months ago we had about
dental insurance and the implications of
good dental hygiene I've told you guys
that I know it was about two or three
years ago I had an epiphany and I was
like I don't want to spend major money
in the coming years on on my teeth so I
started to brush with an electric
toothbrush and I've been bouncing around
at different ones and I have found the
one that I love most of us don't brush
our teeth properly I've talked to you
about that but you can start brushing
better today quit it's a new company
it's refreshing the way people brush
their teeth it's starting at just $25
qyp is an electric toothbrush that packs
premium vibration and timer features
into an ultra slim design that's half
the cost of bulkier brushes in the past
whenever I have not used an electric
toothbrush is because it is a pain in
the ass to keep on your sink it is a
pain in the ass to travel with
impossible to travel with and the most
important thing about brushing your
teeth is doing it correctly and doing it
the design of this brush is amazing it's
basically the size of a regular brush
but it has vibrations you can feel the
difference and this is you know look
they'll tell you to use this toothpaste
and whatnot and I'm going off script
here I don't know cuz these guys provide
toothpaste it's nice freshens your
breath that's great
yeah that's the big lie it's not the
toothpaste
it's the brush and it's the brushing
action it's bit you're scrubbing your
teeth I hope I don't get in trouble for
saying that these guys are selling
toothbrushes so they don't care about
that you can even subscribe to receive
new brush heads on a dentist recommended
three month plan for just five bucks
including free shipping you have to see
it and brush it brush with you with it
for yourself it's backed by leading
dentist it was named one of Time
Magazine's best inventions of 2016 they
want a GQ grooming award and made it to
Oprah's 2017 Oh list one of your
aspirations I Got News for you folks
that's all well and good but it made the
S list who the Sam list right now you
can get could go to get quip dot-com /
majority that's get quip qu IP dot-com /
majority to get your first refill pack
free with a quip electric toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip dot-com / majority get GE t qi
q UI p.com
/ majority seriously folks do yourself a
favor save your teeth we're gonna take a
quick break when we come back we'll be
talking to Mary McKenna like I say
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome Marin McKenna she is a senior
fellow at the Schuster Institute in
Brandeis University a journalist who
covers public policy issues and of
course author of big chicken the
incredible story of how antibiotics
created modern agriculture changed the
way the world eats welcome to the
program Marin thank you for having me so
what give us a sense of what chicken was
like in the pre antibiotic days I mean
it wasn't it wasn't even really a staple
of of at least Americans diets that's
true I mean of course none of us were
around but I think our grandparents or
great-grandparents would have testified
that they had chickens out the back door
or on the small family farm all the time
but those chickens were there mostly to
produce eggs and were mostly eaten after
they were done with their egg production
so they were older and they were scrawny
ER and there was something that you ate
only once in a while but then chicken
got transformed the chickens that we eat
today
look nothing like and tastes nothing
like those chickens of our grandparents
time and and they were transformed by by
intensive breeding and by precision
nutrition and by our desire to eat
protein a lot more often and I think
more than anything because of routine
use of antibiotics all right well before
we get to the antibiotics like what was
it that that that what was there a
specific jump in demand was there some
type of push because someone saw some
some profit here what was it what what
was it that that that that I guess was
the catalyst for that change I think I
think I think you put your finger on it
when you said profits there's a really
interesting history in chicken in which
time and time again various kinds of
innovation sort of cluster around
poultry production and the supply of
chicken actually gets out in front of
the demand for chicken and so
periodically there are these
transformations in which the poultry
industry has to
convince people to eat more chicken and
they did it in a number of ways but the
the main way they did it aside from
antibiotic use was by transforming the
way chickens look so that those chickens
of our grandparents time would have been
sort of upright and they would have
exercised they would have run around the
barnyard and flapped up into trees and
they would have been kind of slender and
they would have had colored feathers and
now the chickens will eat today are
rotund and Placid and white feathered
and they they have very big breasts and
they're very sort of tippy when they
stand up and they're just nothing like
chickens with chickens evolved to be and
what was the what was the primary source
of protein in American diets when
chicken I sort of came onto the scene as
a as a primary source of protein so
people really used to eat much more beef
and and you can pinpoint when chicken
starts to become as it is now the meat
that we eat more than any other with a
lot of precision it dates back to 1977 -
the first government guidelines on what
Americans should eat what we now call
the Dietary Guidelines for Americans in
1977 the government says Americans
should eat less saturated fat and that
is almost universally interpreted as we
should eat less red meat and we should
eat more white meat essentially and from
that year you can see the demand curve
take off that's the the first year in
which people eat more chicken than they
do beef and it goes up and up and up
every year as beef goes down and down
that's fascinating is that and and
obviously we're going to go back in time
to to where antibiotics comes in to this
but but it was in the early 70s I think
it was like around 72 it was under the
Nixon administration where we changed
our policy about corn and we started
subsidizing corn significantly which
drove I know like beef production did it
also impact chicken production so
chickens are you know those chickens of
the barnyard the chickens of our
grandparents and great-grandparents time
they would have been feed
themselves for the most part running
around outside scratching up bugs and
insects and so forth and then we brought
them inside and we started feeding them
grains and gray and corn is one of the
chief components of chicken feed so the
more you make corn affordable and easily
accessible and the more you expand the
production of corn the more you can
expand inexpensively the production of
the proteins that are fed on corn
alright so let's go back to to the
introduction of antibiotics and in into
chicken and then I guess ultimately into
livestock from there I mean where where
was it first introduced it's a really
fascinating story and I feel like it was
kind of lost to history it certainly
wasn't something I knew all the details
of and to understand how this happened
how we got to the point where
antibiotics are routinely added to the
diets of livestock all over the world
not just chickens but pigs and cattle as
well you have to go back to the end of
World War 2 where two things happen at
once the first is that antibiotics come
on the scene for use in human medicine
penicillin only arrives on the
battlefields of World War two 'no bout
1943 and then there are other
antibiotics that follow along soon after
that and the second is but at the end of
the war the entire system of food
production feels really fragile and
uncertain because of the wars damage and
because of the necessity to to cut costs
after the guaranteed market of all those
soldiers and sailors needing to be fed
goes away and so the antibiotic
manufacturers start looking for other
uses for their new drugs at the same
time that the food production system
starts looking for cheap supplements to
make the cheap feed they're starting to
use more nutritious and into that that
collision of those two trends walks one
scientist a man named Thomas Jukes who
decides to try one of the new
antibiotics as a feed supplement for
chickens and the chickens get fat faster
than they would have otherwise and from
that one experiment at the end of 1948
emerges an industry that but you know
within five years of his
his first trial American farmers are
giving their livestock starting with
chicken 500,000 pounds of antibiotics a
year and now in the United States and
the most recent federal data it's 34
million pounds Wow now I mean the thing
that in you right that I think people
don't understand is I mean I think we
all perceive antibiotics as being a
