[Music]
[Music]
in 1980 Reagan returned for a new
presidential campaign he was still
calling for welfare reform but now he
was doing so as part of a much broader
message he talked of states rights and
of returning America to a better bygone
hero while his message had a powerful
appeal to many African Americans it
seemed like a thinly veiled attack on
the progress made since the civil rights
movement he runs on this campaign that's
like listen we're gonna actually make
America great again and then implicitly
and that is the idea that making America
great means we basically have to kind of
put black people in their place we are
taking our country back we're making it
great again
Reagan was setting that tone and black
folk was saying any time why he leaves
talking about taking that country back
you know what they mean they coming at
us with intensity Reagan made good on
his campaign promises by rolling back
social programs and making significant
spending cuts his policies had immense
consequences for America's already
struggling inner cities as the lack of
federal support made the job of black
civic leaders all but impossible many of
the cities where blacks have become
mayors and so forth another mad garbage
cans here who wants to be the mayor
anyway of a garbage can
[Music]
a great deal of the misery that black
America is confronted with today it has
been exacerbated during the past couple
of years with the cuts in basic survival
programs that poor people and
disadvantaged people have come to depend
upon welcome to the Michael Brooks show
I'm Michael Brooks from broadcasting
live from Brooklyn where left is best as
it is everywhere else with super
producer Matt luck hello
head to your Titian David Griscom how's
it going it's going well greetings the
comrades friends and enemies on this
week's T mb/s Erik Turk heimer he's a
behavioral geneticists professor of
psychology at the University of Virginia
we're talking about class and IQ what
are hereditary traits the moral policy
quagmire and opportunity and the actual
conversation of the science of
intelligence then independent scholar
netic on she's with us we're talking
about independent journalist rather
we're talking about can you be
progressive accept Palestine anymore the
shrinking opportunity for Liberal
Democrats nor me progressive Democrats
to say all the right things and be
concerned about all the right places
except for mass killings and Gaza plus
Donald Trump and rap it's a thing Netta
used to also be a rap journalist so
we're gonna touch on that plus we have a
very deserving gulag entrant and in the
postgame LeBron takes care of business
unions unify in Brazil and much much
more plus of course a shout out but
first
let's start with the return to the
intellectual dark web this movement of
reifying conventional wisdom and
soothing insecurities that is still
dominating much of our intellectual or
at least YouTube landscape luckily those
are still somewhat different things and
let's start by looking at a couple of
different clips of a monk debate that
took place last weekend with Michael
Eric Dyson and Michelle Goldberg on one
side of the political correctness debate
I don't remember what was the question
of the debate if you could scroll up for
me to be resolved what you call
political correctness I call progress
arguing on the side of progress Michael
Eric Dyson and Michelle Goldberg and
arguing on the side of political
correctness in a bad sense
Jordan Peterson and Stephen Fry now
there's a lot to disaggregate here and
we're gonna get to that in a minute but
let's first play the sort of hottest
moments of this debate which really
amounted to in the first instance
Michael Eric Dyson sort of calling
Jordan Peterson out for being an angry
white man sorry okay we have I have the
order okay first Jordan Peterson is
gonna demand that Michael Eric Dyson
quantify his white privilege in specific
numeric terms much in the same way
Peterson quantifies in the merit earns
dragons when he claims they exist
literally all right let's play that clip
first for a moment that I've benefited
from my white privilege okay so let's
assume now that's fine yeah well that's
what you would say so
so let's say here let's get precise okay
was that in the very individual of you
let's get precise about this okay good
possession what degrees is my present
present level of attainment or
achievement a consequence of my white
privilege and I don't mean sort've I
mean do you mean five percent do you
mean fifteen percent do you mean twenty
five percent do you mean seventy five
percent and what do you propose I do
about it
how about a tax how about a tax that's
like specialized for me so that I can
account for my damn privilege you so get
precise about one other thing there's
ice yeah precise yes and so if if we can
agree and we haven't that the left can
go too far which it clearly can't then
how would my worthy opponents precisely
define when the left that they stand for
has gone too far you didn't like equity
equality of outcome I think that's a
great marker but if you have a better
suggestion and won't sidestep the
question so let's figure out how I can
dispense with my white privilege and so
that you can tell me when the left is
going too far since they clearly can and
that's what this debate is about about
political correctness it's about the
left going too far and I think it's gone
too far in many ways and I'd like to
figure out exactly how and win so the
reasonable left could make its
descendants again and we could quit all
this nonsense okay now we're gonna move
forward to Michael Eric Dyson
our response will just play out this
these three clips without can you get to
that real relatively quickly okay so
there's Jordan Peterson and bear with us
here as we as we deal with the technical
technicalities of this Jordan Peterson
is outlining his sort of favorite mode
of being which is aggrieved incredulous
and almost like sort of intentionally
angry and naive so there's a lot more to
get to about how we define all of these
terms but let's just be really really
clear he's negating a reality that is
not innovative
or dangerous to negate it's actually a
fusion of hard right reactionary
politics because that's actually
basically the only people on the map who
would deny the basic reality that of
course having white skin in the United
States confers upon an obvious advantage
it takes basic sociological assessment
and even more foundational basic moral
intuition to understand that that's what
he's attacking
there's nothing profound about this and
then he's trying to sort of bludgeon it
into a narrow quantifiable sense even
though a vast significant portions of
his scholarship would never stand the
test of anything so precise empirical
and rigorous by the way we could get
into everything from disparate
intergenerational wealth to policing in
any number of areas to illustrate the
point this is michael eric dyson 'he's
response that gets a jordan Peterson
very triggered on Jordans point about
how does he in a sense get an equal
voice in this debate back if it is
implied that his participation brings
with it this baggage of white privilege
that doesn't allow him to see clearly
the issues that are before us but that
is to be complicit in the very problem
itself terminologically your beginning
at a point is there's already productive
and controversial you're saying how can
he get his equality back who are you
talking about Jordan Peterson trending
number one on Twitter
Jordan Peterson internationals in an
international bestseller I want him to
tweet something out about me in my book
Jordan Peterson right this is what I'm
saying to you why the rage bruh you're
doing well but you're a mean mad white
man and you're gonna get us right
I have never seen so much line and
snowflake King there's enough why start
a vineyard so as you could imagine
Jordan Peterson 10 minutes later
responds or brings this up again with
the sort of usual emotional control
sense of decorum and lack of histrionics
or melodrama that you would expect from
him but again this is a really basic
point that Michael Eric Dyson is
bringing up here that is like basic
foundational literacy in reality we're
not even getting to the broader
contradictions of the arguments that are
outlined here we're dealing with basic
observable patterns of life with regards
to race and here's Jordan Peterson
taking out of that what you
unfortunately at this point would expect
them to take out of it and address the
issue in the least and with regards to
my privilege or lack thereof I mean I'm
not making the case that I haven't had
advantages in my life and disadvantages
in my life like most people you don't
know anything about my background or
where it came from it doesn't matter to
you because fundamentally I'm a mean
white man that's a hell of a thing to
say in a debate
very very breeze I want to move on to
men and women the mean man white comment
was not predicated upon my historical
excavation of your past its based upon
the evidently trio with which you speak
in the denial of a sense of equanimity
among combatants in an argument
so I'm saying again you're a mean man
white man and the viciousness is
evidence okay I would actually tend
towards soul and white man but
that's just me
look there's a lot of difficulties to
tease out here this debate about free
speech and political correctness is
gonna constantly miss each other in many
respects because there's a lot of
different moving pieces to it Stephen
Fry's arguments in this debate had a lot
more to do with sort of emotion and
people's sense of sort of ease and
communication he made some very faulty
political arguments but you know and I
don't mean this in a dismissive way but
the reality is he's you know look he's a
privileged actor parroting some easy top
lines from newspapers but his broader
takeaway about an ease of communication
and a allowing of debate divergent
opinions and even a profoundly wrong
ones is actually a good thing and there
is a very worthy conversation and an
important one to have about strategy and
tactics things that someone like Angela
Nagel identified very effectively in her
book he'll all normies which everybody
should read what do how do we respond to
fascist speech how do we debate what's
the fusion between dealing with bad
ideas and good faith versus exposing the
monetary roots of bad ideas in society
we can make some very basic distinctions
which Michelle Goldberg made don't
censor people and don't beat them up for
what they say that seems pretty easy it
wasn't good enough for Peterson
Peterson's point is of course its own
form of obvious identity politics in a
sort of way that is becoming really
comical with these people he does
identify with a group
he thinks that young men are really
aggrieved and victimized in this society
we can laugh that off and certainly from
a historical and liberal perspective we
can debunk a lot of that but more
broadly sometimes these people point to
problems that are products of late-stage
capitalism not because of lack of
beliefs and Dragons or the collapse of
patriarchy but because of economic
fluidity lack of ability to properly
start a life lack of economic autonomy
it's very important that on the Left we
distinguish between social movement and
social progress in the emancipation of
all categories of people with the
limitless nature of insecurity as
defined by modern economic policies that
is right at the heart of the
contradiction and the emotionalism that
Jordan Peterson is speaking to and it's
very simple
we can never cater to the reactionary
sentiment and we never will we would
never want to but we can intervene in
the material conditions that's where we
can go and all this intellectual darkweb
Steiff at the at the other end it's like
look there's also just some hard-earned
progress here for every humorless stupid
response to a stand-up comedy special or
the toxicity of Internet call out
culture all of which have been far more
powerfully critiqued by the left than
any right wing poseur who's created a
business model off of themselves by
saying they're victimized by college
students the basic idea is that they're
putting forth markets our natural gender
hierarchies are essential make sense of
the problems and conflicts of your life
by clinging to old stories and
reinforcing traditional hierarchies this
is dangerous stuff no it's a lifestyle
brand it's an intellectual movement as
pre-packaged thought to soothe and
securities and even out rough edges in a
world that is changing really
really fast we need to not fight that
change we need to make sure that the
change happens in the right way that's
our task on the actual left and the
final question I do have about this
circling back and I want people to
participate in this we're doing a new
hashtag it's called Peterson questions
hashtag Peterson questions and my first
question which I tweeted out earlier
today before the show is since when was
being a Solon a vehicle for
restoring masculinity you can tweet out
your hashtag Peterson questions and at
TMDs FM or at me add underscore Michael
Brooks on Twitter and I hope that this
will open a genuine sincere inquiry and
a open exchange of ideas that will not
be shut down by ad homonyms thank you
very much we're running a little behind
so we're gonna I think we'll do the
shout out actually later we're gonna do
a brief pitch and then we will get to
Professor Eric Turk heimer and I'm gonna
ask him if from his perspective as
behavioral geneticist witches are real I
mean just I will say it takes a lot of
balls to say you better quantify your
experience of racism in strict no
Merrick terms the same week that a New
York Times profile you're like dragons
are real their hierarchy combinator
that's a predatory prey it's a category
like you got to admire the brass on that
also they knew about DNA helixes and
Mesopotamia and I can't go into why I
know that but it's true yeah I received
a secret processed information from the
alien from a seventh dimension that said
that the house tracks had a perfect
understanding of gender hierarchy
because they were Aryan now that being
said explain to me mathematically by
being Porto Rican has hurt you
I saw claypot once that told me that
Montezuma knew what the Higgs boson was
think about it don't blow your mind
maybe if you would stop whining
you go to the kitchen voice control
Roxanne bastard
oh my god
this makes me feel like Alex Jones
 it's all planned we're not dealing
with any serious problems the globalists
and put out these some weird histrionic
middle-age college professor to speak to
upset young chronic it's
all a giant distraction from capitalism
and actual policy plans
we're playing biggie this is a deterrent
aureus Vig you would have been I believe
46 this week the great the great the
great and I love this track as always we
continue to grow our next goal is to
reach our first 2,000 patrons you've
already known to expand content with lok
bros the new show with big wise and
myself check it out new patrons as well
as all of the many illicit histories and
idea primers new animation I believe
next week right-wing Mandela's radio
show it's coming to you and we have many
more things in the works so you know
usually elaborate a little bit more but
this week I just want to thank everybody
appreciate the growth we need you to
help you know continue to sustain what
we have expand what we do truly
independent and accountable to nobody
but you we appreciate it so much
patreon.com slash TM BS patreon.com
slash t mb is right back with Professor
Eric Turk himer on the Michael Brooks
show
[Music]
the michael brooks welcome back to the
michael brooks show joining us now is
professor eric's herkimer he's a
professor of psychology at the
university of virginia and he has told
me i just want to be transparent about
this for everybody watching and
listening that i can call him eric so i
would like to welcome Eric to the
program thank you so much for being here
so you were let's sort of i guess work
this backwards
i'll just set up for everybody you were
one of the co-authors of the piece and
vox last year which took charles murray
and sam harris to task on both the
science and actually also the ethics of
the bell curve argument before we get
there can you explain where you're
coming from both in terms of what you
study and also maybe your understanding
because I see so much confusion of this
but like how would you define what
hereditary traits and intelligence from
your perspective easy stuff that's big
question but I I think maybe it's easier
to start with the second one in the
store with intelligence okay and you
know I'm not somebody who's gonna come
here and say there there's no such thing
as intelligence or that the costs are
consuming intelligence is entirely wrong
I think intelligence is a real thing and
I think most people can look around them
and see that some people nearby that
they know are functioning at a higher
cognitive levels and other people tell
me there's a lot of different ways and
we all know that and and and more than
that it's true enough that if you give
people a bunch of
cognitive tests of almost any kind on
average people who do better on one test
are going to tend to do better on
another test they they're all going to
be positively correlated and that allows
you to do some statistical things of
kind of taking an average across all
those tests that people tend to do well
on and that's kind of a definition of
what an IQ score is and and once you
have it that it's just a measure of how
well people can think and how well they
can function cognitively in the real
world at a particular time and that
that's not surprising that correlates
with all sorts of other things people
who are good thinkers do better in their
jobs they live longer they're healthier
so I think all that all that is true and
I think you can accept all that without
going to the next step
that I think the harder core IQ people
always want to go to which is to say
that this IQ score is not just a measure
of how good a thinker you or I are today
but how much inner capacity for thinking
you have you know that it's something
you're born with that tells you how good
a thinker you can be as opposed to what
it actually is which is just a measure
of how good a thinker you are and you
know I go ahead no sorry please finish
you oh you know I sometimes like to
