seemed a little bit yeah let's get that
startups renewed pitching and what was
the ultimate sort of culmination of that
this is the other thread of the book
there's only one in the book that I
write about but in fact I pitched a
number of different startups I'll tell
you about one that didn't make the cut
it was called mole mountain which is a
terrible name but I wanted a mascot
because there's like Hipmunk and all
these companies are mascots at the time
yeah right
so I described it as a secure platform
to exchange information between people
who know something about a company and
people who want to know something about
a company and are willing to pay for it
the shorter version of that is that it
was a platform for corporate espionage
right and right I like this this is good
yes and as with the case as was the case
with many of my ideas as soon as I would
go pitch this I would pull up the tech
press a week later and find that a
company had already gotten funding or
just secured funding to do what I was
pitching in in a somewhat sanity chic or
satirical intent so that was one I
pitched this corporate espionage one and
then this there like there was actually
a lot of audience interest at this pitch
competition I went to like this Russian
woman came up and winked at me and gave
me her card nice and like her boyfriend
was standing there I don't know who the
guy there was just a lot of curious name
was Yuri you you cannot go broke
pitching corporate espionage startups in
Silicon Valley I think that one is still
the the game is still on for ya the
other one I base to be him for sure the
other one I pitched that is in the book
was called labor eyes strikes as a
service and the idea was you would hire
us to organize a union at your
competitors company
so so uber kneecaps lift before they
could even get their car fleet on the
ground by organizing lyft drivers into a
union that was the idea
and I was actually inspired by uber and
lyft going at each other on all these
underhanded ways and I thought the
common thread with all these apps that
are getting funding the gig economy apps
is is they're all like complicated ways
to basically reduce the cost of labor
right so I thought what about an app
that increases the cost of labor and
right because were you guys also that
solves a real problem that people have
because people don't have enough money
yeah yeah what why would you want to
solve an actual problem Cory that seems
really wait was the theory though that
you would that that it's on such a fast
cycle that nobody would follow the logic
of what you would do like it would be
like oh well sure like not like in two
years oh my god all car ride services
could be unionized but more like oh that
could work great in like a week to week
cycle and since everything is so short
term that they would even like do any
horizon planning with it was that kind
of exactly it was a bet on the short
term greed of the investor class which
is you know you can't overestimate it
that's assault that and I don't want to
give away what happened with a start-up
it kind of to read the book yes really
but you know I will say that you know I
did not leave in the part of the pitch
about how eventually companies would
keep hiring us to organize their
competitors until there was only one
company that wasn't unionized and then
you could boycott it did you have and
but that actually raises another really
funny point that when you talk about and
obviously I mean there might be legal
problems potentially with either of
these two startup concepts you talked
about but you make the other point
was a lot of the main you know major
companies at me uber being like a prime
example what the it's basically just if
I understood you correctly it's like
well is that you you type in Cori oh
sorry sorry and there's no problem that
if the leat if there's a legal barrier
to what you're doing then you basically
just build in like a scenario where
first of all you can absorb the fines
and like changing the law is just part
of your long-term business plan so just
launch it while it's illegal out of the
gate yeah that's the common threat to
with with a lot of the unicorn startups
right like you break as many laws as you
can to get as much money as fast as you
can and then have politicians or you
know the a compliant court system
legalized your past misconduct and then
we've seen that with uber for instance
air B&B you know there's some pushback
now like a little late for some for some
people but that is a tried-and-true way
to make money online is to break the law
and yeah I mean there are even copies of
my own book that friends ordered on
Amazon that they were nuts but these are
like gray market copies right like
international editions that aren't
supposed to be sold in the US and other
sort of dodgy things which I find a
little a little amusing in in the irony
of it but also infuriating because I'm
probably not getting a royalty on that
yeah that's what you also go into like
this sort of the the lower end of this
stuff and the sense that like okay
there's the the dream go to Silicon
Valley create you know a multi-billion
dollar evaluation company and then in
fact just sell it to one of the big four
or five which is the other kind of funny
thing about the business model and Peter
Thiel
literally advocates for that in his book
that he put out a couple of years ago
which is really yeah Rana he's pro pro
monopoly pro monopoly for his self mean
I guess it's more coherent than most
libertarians usually are but those guys
like to sort of generally pretend that
that's what did that pure fantasy market
competition would lead to being opposed
to monopolies he's literally saying is
the goal of your startup should be to
find your acquisition angle for Facebook
or Amazon and then you can kind of get
you know sort of get faith fed in the
chain as it were so there's the high end
of it the lowest it's not yeah I don't
want just a little tangent yeah
asterisks on teal oh yeah really Corey
you really never talked about me really
sure going L to worry he also says I
don't think he's really a libertarian he
also says that that startups our best
friend like dictatorships and you know
like many on the right would like the
government to run more like a business
so you know there yeah yeah well let me
put it to you this way you're not only
will you be bankrupted homeless but also
your friends way to follow the logic
Cory intrepid reporting see you in court
Cory is it it's like a tech journalist
is like yeah that's really that funny I
joke about this often I I think it's
possible that if Peter Thiel were to do
something like this maybe the guy who
always does the impression might be atop
the list so that being said you also
went into the lower end of the you know
the sort of the market this sort of
multi-level marketing schemes you know
the real profound desperation era area
of the web of people who were you know
basically getting scammed and low-level
internet marketing schemes what's that
about as well okay this is the thing
this is the ass
the book that has the more privileged
class of techies more mad than anything
else that I wrote in my experience so
far in terms of hearing reactions
because if you've been online you know
how much scam content is on there I mean
it's like a majority of probably the
display ads online the the the the stuff
on YouTube the ad filler on YouTube very
often for some multi-level marketing
scam you go down in the comments it's
BOTS posting links to scams of course
everybody's familiar with spam email I
mean the reason that they're mad about
it is they don't want they want to think
that they're different than these
two-bit con artists right that are
trying to like convince grandma it's
sign up for you know monthly
prescription drug program
you know black market from Canada or
Cuba or wherever they're coming from or
that they're different than the people
who have guaranteed money making systems
you know like some old GFS guaranteed
money making systems yep or or or
they're pitching like unregulated
dietary supplements but but they're not
any different in in spirit or in content
a you know in fact one of the most
prestigious people in the tech industry
Ray Kurzweil who's a futurist as well as
director of engineering at Google has a
side business selling anti-aging
supplements right and many of them have
been criticized by people in the in the
skeptic or anti quack community is
probably doing more harm than good so
it's not like there's there's no harm to
these scams but another aspect of it is
these scams can price so much of the
internet and especially the ad business
remember at the
the day Google is a is an advertising
business same with Facebook that you
know I do make the assertion that based
on you know studies and people that have
looked at it but I I make the point in
the book that the revenues of these big
tech companies are probably
significantly inflated by the lower
level fraud that happens online
organized or not and they're very
sensitive about that for a good reason
because many of the big companies are
now getting more scrutiny post Cambridge
analytic and post Thera knows people are
starting to look at the fundamentals of
the Internet giants and I think the more
that that happens the more closely or
clearly will see the connection between
the biggest companies like Facebook and
the dodgiest most amateurish you know
con advertisement all right at the
bottom of a news article on Patriot
truth dot-com right right yeah that's
the funnel right there do you you talked
about how and and it makes it actually
makes a lot of sense why the sort of
upper and the people the wine track
people would be super offended that you
drew the connections between them and
the beer track people right like we're
gonna use that kind of basic marketing
differentiation here to describe that
and I think it's partially because I
mean Silicon Valley has had an
incredible ride in terms of public
perception I mean there was a very you
know there was a stretch of years there
where there was like not only no
critical commentary about Silicon Valley
but really you know the same way some
kind of weird fanboy from Elon Musk
online who I do want to get to in a
second could have this sort of almost
religious hope that was just like the
press you know in US huh yeah and
Silicon Valley was effectively in
betted in the Obama White House right
let me we came out with all this Code
for America stuff I mean that was coming
from Google former Google employees that
were hand-picked to work in his
administration and one of the most
frequent visitors to the Obama White
House was Eric Schmidt right so do you
think so that now now what's happening
and then certainly we can yes there's no
doubt that Obama was just I mean that
that's gonna be there's gonna be to use
a tech term there's gonna be a long tail
to the failings of the Obama
administration with regards to Silicon
Valley that being said now we're in a
it's a it's an interesting place and I
think that this parallels a lot of other
parts of our politics where it's like
Silicon Valley is gonna get away with it
and we held a not held accountable and
distort our markets and corrupt the
political process and you know destroy
privacy and be complicit in a scam
economy because they can because they
have the money and the resources and the
power and that's what runs politics
right less so because because as many
people by the mythology now so at least
the sort of cultural end of the equation
is starting to loosen a little bit and I
think even like the reception to your
book is sort of in line with that right
I think if you put this book out even in
two thousand thirteen or fourteen there
would be a lot more just kind of basic
like you're a Luddite you know just sort
of base hysterical reactions not an
actual you know analysis of this what
the reality of this economy is as I
agree with that yes so as we move into
that phase I mean like first of all how
big a breakthrough is that and secondly
is that the Harbinger like is does that
mean that the next phase is the you know
movement I mean we talked on on TMDs on
Tuesday about the the SCOOTER protest
that just happened in San Francisco
where they're like blocking the Google
buses this looks like hilarious but also
very effective disruption of the city on
which zeros home the district
of the Bay Area by this industry what do
you think the kind of through-line of
that shift from the waking up of the
cultural sort of hypnosis to the actual
politics of it well I think it's
happening much as you described because
people are seeing consequences in their
day to day lives I mean more I think it
adds are good that if you live in an
urban area you've interacted with a gig
economy and you probably have some sense
after a few years of exposure to this
that it's not a healthy thing for
workers right or even for customers the
the the political aspect I would not
have guessed a couple of years ago that
we would see the New York Times
editorial board for instance saying
maybe it's time to break up Facebook
that is that is a more radical position
when it comes to the posture toward this
industry then I would have assumed the
mainstream publication we take notably
you didn't see that in Washington Post
yeah I like it's just amazing with
people like you know it got a bit the
Jeff Bezos funding a lot of really good
reporting it's like first of all I don't
have to admit anything
it's secondly like this is if ever there
was a walk and chew gum at the same time
moment would be like yes very glad that
the there's some tough reporting on you
know the emoluments clause in the
Washington Post and Jeff Bezos is
literally gonna turn us into some type
of like hybrid Amazon China hellscape of
like ultimate authoritarian capitalism
if we don't do something about it I
wanted to tell an anecdote that I think
answers your question and it it's
something I heard on on book tour so
after I saw you in New York I went on to
DC to do a reading and came back to the
west coast but in DC I was talking to
people that worked on the hill one of
whom pointed out that
the Cambridge analytical scandal really
made congressional Democrats very very
mad because there was this attitude like
with the Obama here's like Oh everybody
knew Obama loves Silicon Valley and
that's part of the reason they wouldn't
criticize it but also they were you know
the valley companies were donating so
much money to the Democrats because to
get their priorities through but with
the Cambridge analytical scandal and the
outcome of the 2016 elections a lot of
Democrats are now going wait a minute
you know we don't care that much if you
know you're degrading Labor Standards
and avoiding all kinds of regulations
and and you know destroying the fabric
of urban America but listen you mess
with the election and you're messing
with where we eat so right now they're
not friends anymore and they might not
even be frenemies anymore because
there's a lot of Democrats in DC who
want to get to the bottom of what
happened to 2016 and they see you know
Facebook in particular as playing a
major negative role in that election
what you know what questions of you know
Russian influence aside I mean you'd
have to you'd have to concede that these
sort of political communications that
people receive on that platform are not
the most sophisticated I I would I will
send it out but isn't that actually but
isn't some of the I mean the really
dangerous things though about the
responses that companies like Facebook
are engaging in now as an example is
that if you don't have any type of
editorial process then it's like of
course it's like okay well you know some
insane Alex Jones bit where he you know
Mars has a cocaine production facility
for the Clintons or something is the
same thing as I don't know you and I
doing a segment about the DEA
picking sides and the Mexican cartel
Wars as an example which is real it's a
true story there's nothing good spirit
oriole about it and it reveals a lot
about u.s. foreign policy so a lot of
the moves that those you know that
Facebook particularly is undertaken has
this basically just reeling you know
such as they are
the incumbents online right and that is
gonna yes it might undermine some bad
conspiracy content but it's also got
undermine you know good investigative
journalism which obviously don't have a
problem with but even that sort of fake
news meme and that obsession I think you
know their way they're gonna address it
it's going to be a disaster you can say
that but it's also true that Martian
coke is the purest best coke right right
well look I know it that's a great point
at least you're honest about it
I think there's an another level of the
responsibility that these companies have
that they've they've abrogated and and
we're dealing with it the deleterious
effects every day now you know back in
the day when I worked at newspapers I
would I can't imagine any newspaper that
I worked for ever running a letter to
the editor or accepting an ad from say a
Holocaust denier right the at best the
most generous way to put it at the the
at the at best libertarian ideology in
Silicon Valley that has a very
unsophisticated understanding of free
speech and corporate responsibility says
we'll take their money you know we'll
take the Nazis money it's just free
speech it's all the same what's the big
deal and they've created
I mean what's Alex Jones without YouTube
I mean there's a reason he was panicking
when he was gonna get demonetized right
right right what what would what would
rod
stones access to you know even the fox
news empire be if he didn't have this
network of you know conspiracy freaks
online reaching audiences through the
major platforms right and and they won't
hire they won't fix this problem because
it's contrary to their profit model
right which involves not hiring human
beings well and i think also you just
like it's funny like like even something
like that the issue and i've talked
about this before like with twitter and
you know harassment and you know
neo-nazi voices and stuff like that
there's been a lot of focus on the sort
of cultural aspect of it the cultural
problems which is is a legitimate thing
to talk about obviously in terms of you
know who runs these companies and
diversity and voices inside these
companies it's definitely an important
issue but the structural issue is that
those are literally the reasons that
like a company like twitter has survived
are precisely those accounts so of
course it's gonna take a very long time
until there's potentially a brand
problem that is so toxic that it
threatens their ability to be acquired
as an example then maybe we start
kicking some of these accounts off but
the fundamentally i don't know that I
don't mean I'm sorry well they did a few
they did that sort of semi purge several
