majority report on the phone it's a
pleasure to welcome to the program
international correspondent for The New
York Times and the former New York Times
Cairo bureau chief from 2011 to 2015
David Kirkpatrick author of into the
hands of the soldiers freedom and chaos
in Egypt and the Middle East welcome to
the program David it could pleasure to
be here let's start with today is the
anniversary I guess the five-year
anniversary of the massacre at in rabaa
where more than 800 protesters were
killed in Cairo at rabaa square and
let's let's work backwards from there
and then we'll we'll come back around
what tell us just remind us who those
folks who who were killed in 2013 on
August 14th in in Cairo and why you know
that's a great place to start so the
events leading up to that there had been
an uprising Mubarak had been forced from
power those former longtime strongman
Egypt had elected its first fairly
elected free like a president who
happened to be an Islamist Mohamed
morsi's Muslim Brotherhood on July 3rd
2013 Morsi was removed by the military
his supporters most of them Islamists
held a sit-in in Ramallah
Attaway Square to protest the military
takeover and they were gathered under
the banner of democracy saying this you
know our freely elected president has
been overturned we want a restoration of
freedom and elections that's their
sit-in lasted about six weeks before the
military and the police rolled in and
killed them by the hundreds other
estimates put the number at about a
thousand certainly more than 800 have
been confirmed by Human Rights Watch and
it's it's a remarkable thing
if I go on please because that's a
bigger one Day Massacre than Tiananmen
Square and it was painful for those of
us who were there to watch it's it's an
amount of bloodshed that is really hard
to wrap your mind around when you're in
the middle of it and I've puzzled quite
a bit in the time since then about why
it's not better remembered in the West
you know when the anniversary of
Tiananmen Square comes around we publish
special sessions in the New York Times
on the anniversary of rubba a lot away
uh I don't think many people really even
know what it is or what it means and I I
have four answers to that I'll gave
quickly one is the government did a
pretty good job of keeping US
journalists out some were killed that
day some journalists who were just
trying to cover the events are still in
jail because they were arrested that day
the government propaganda was very
effective Western governments who might
have been critical of the of the
killings in rabaa I think hesitated a
little bit in their criticisms because
some of them felt maybe somewhat
complicit you know they hadn't spoken
out against the coup and so it was hard
for them to really criticize the the
crackdown the way they might have
criticized the massacre in Tiananmen
Square or elsewhere and the last one is
I think that the government's propaganda
fell on ready ears because their pitch
was these demonstrators most of whom
almost all of them were unarmed their
pitch was that these demonstrators were
armed and dangerous Islamists and you
know we're after 9/11 and after all the
history we're ready to believe that I
think a lot of Americans are already
inclined to see Arabs and Islamists as
possibly or potentially violent and so
it was it was easy for them to muddy the
waters but the one-sided nature of the
death toll there the fact that you know
as many as a thousand people were killed
really tells a story this was not an
armed insurrection and and and and maybe
maybe two sort of I don't want to maybe
sort of add like a
a parenthetical fifth reason that maybe
you can go backwards in in time from
that moment to explain would also be
that this was not perceived as the
democracy movement anymore which was
which you know from their perspective it
probably was right I mean there was not
I mean that that's where this gets a
little bit cloudy because the the coup
that took place was in some ways a
failure of the movement to make Egypt
more democratic yeah
I would say more than in some ways a
coup is a failure democracy but yeah the
contrast is interesting you know in 2011
we saw a sit-in in Tahrir Square that
forced the old strongmen Hosny Mubarak
from power and they were critical
moments there when the military had to
make a decision we gonna help the
president by clearing out the square or
are we gonna stand with the square and
clear out the president and that's the
way they decided and I think in
retrospect one of the reasons why the
generals decided that way is because of
the diversity and bread's of the turnout
in the square that in Tahrir Square in
2011
you had Muslims and cops you had old and
young rich and poor young and old I
guess I already said that but you get
the idea right everybody was there
together and it was the unity of that
movement that made it impossible to turn
to turn against for the military whereas
over the 30 months that followed the the
factions had already turned against each
other so when the when Morsi supporters
were gathered yes they were holding up a
banner that said democracy but they were
also holding up a banner that said
Sharia and other parts of the Egyptian
population were turned off by that were
also suspicious of the brothers and had
been themselves fighting for power
against the brothers and when the
silliest civilians were divided the
military had an opening it's much easy
to demonize one
sector or one part of the population
then to turn against the population as a
whole and that's that's what they did
they managed to portray the Islamists as
a kind of internal enemy do you do you
think was it your sense that the
military from the beginning you know
sense that it would go this way and
because in retrospect it seems that you
know if you're going to have democratic
elections in Egypt following the ouster
of Mubarak that it seems I don't know
maybe it's just in retrospect and but I
maybe it wasn't that it would be obvious
that the the Muslim Brotherhood would
have won simply because they were they
were the most sort of like organized
singular force in you know political
force outside of Minea neat is that was
that is that accurate I mean could they
could they have foreseen this sort of
like trajectory yeah yeah we all did
everybody thought the Brotherhood will
win you know it's interesting when we
look back speaking on behalf of the
Western journalists who were covering
Egypt everybody thought that the
Brotherhood was was best organized they
had been the only real opposition party
under Mubarak
they had a large grassroots organization
and and polls showed that Egyptians
liked their ideas so they were probably
going to win and we thought well this
could be bad because they may be very
conservative they may try to turn Egypt
in a really traditional or even
intolerant direction but at least
they're competent and we were wrong on
both counts when they came to power they
didn't really do anything noticeably
Islamist they didn't turn Egypt in a
conservative direction in any
discernible way and they weren't
competent either yeah but they were they
were they were welcomed to office by
members of the military you know now
president then General Abdel Fattah Sisi
told friends and told American officials
he was happy to serve under an elected
president even one who
come from the Muslim Brotherhood that
they deserved a chance to rule after the
coup he began revising his own history
and telling American officials you know
I always warned you you could never
trust the brothers you should never have
let them come to power
but that's revisionism and at the time
he too was willing to give them a chance
how sincere was he do you think I mean I
you know I mean if do you think he had a
sense that this may provide an opening
down the road or do you think he at one
point became disillusioned or at one
point just solved the opening and then
although that just feelings came up it
came upon him you know that's a
fascinating question and in my heart I'm
not a hundred percent sure whether in
the terms of shakespeare's julius caesar
he was the Brutus of the story or the
Casius you know whether he was the arch
conspirator of the whole time or whether
he was prevailed upon to go along with
the coup in the best interest of the
country but when the time came you know
he was looking out at a situation where
the military I mean the Liberals in
Egypt were asking him to do something
about Morsi the powerful and wealthy
Gulf states were saying we'll bankroll
you if you do something about Morsi and
the Coptic Church was saying he got to
do something about Morsi and the
American government wasn't with a clear
voice saying stay back you know he was
getting at best mixed signals from his
American patrons and under those
circumstances the the temptation to step
in a month have been great let's talk
about the the signals he was getting
from the American government where was
where was everybody in terms of their
perspective on this I mean it's a you
know you write quite a bit about John
Kerry I mean it it seemed like there was
a lot of people sort of freelancing
through this process he got into the
American government madero n--
perspective and was
acting upon it it seems like yeah that
is kind of the picture that emerges you
know the way you put it is just right
where was everybody you know there was a
situation where two days before
President Morsi was removed
President Obama was on the phone with
him and was trying to counsel Morsi and
how to hold on to power he was saying
look if you can build some bridges to
your civilian opponents if you can bring
them in so it's almost a unity
government you can you can pull this
thing out and President Obama's advice
was evidently sincere I mean he even
cited the example of Nelson Mandela in
South Africa who Obama had just visited
in his sickbed and he was saying to
Morsi you know look you should be like
Mandela you can't be like Mandela and
usher in a new era for your country
meanwhile at the same time american-made
f-16 flown by the Egyptian Air Force
were already painting hearts in the sky
over downtown Cairo over the anti-morsi
protests and other voices in the
government had already made known
including secretary Kerry the day no
longer thought Morsi was tenable
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel who'd
been handed stern talking points to try
to discourage sees him taking over was
really conveying the message that the
most important thing was a close
relationship and that the Americans were
going to stick with him and others
inside the government as soon as the
coup happened were openly applauding and
that includes Michael Morell who had
been the acting director of the CIA
through this period so you can only say
that there were a lot of mixed messages
oh and we should we shouldn't mention
Mike Flint General Mike Flynn who was
the head of Defense Intelligence at that
time and also I meant to interview him
before he his short turn in the Trump
White House and he flew over and was
meeting with the Egyptian generals in
the run-up to the coup and he is
certainly emerged as a very outspoken
critic of Morsi and of all political
Islamists and a real enthusiast for the
coup when I when I asked him very
pointedly what his advice to the
different generals was he was he was
carefully evasive and and told me it was
too sensitive to discuss but he also
tried to convince me that
you heard from the generals that the
brothers were taking over everything
that they had their hands and he
ministered in the interior ministry that
they were on their way to setting up a
kind of hardline Islamist regime all of
which is of course preposterous the
interior ministry was a pillar of the
coup and actively moved against Morsi
has opposed the Brotherhood
did did Flint I just wanted to aside did
he also try and argue that there was the
Muslim Brotherhood had infiltrated the
White House yeah yeah he was he was
implying that that the Muslim
Brotherhood had people in the American
government that Obama was too close to
the Brotherhood that Obama's ambassador
and in in Egypt was I mean it was it was
almost like he'd been listen to kind of
right-wing talk radio almost actually
handing them the talking points all
right well III don't want to get too
sidetracked by this but this is pretty
not because this guy is now like he's
he's the DIA right I mean it's like yeah
that time he was the DIA yeah I mean dia
is not such a big deal in the US
government I mean that's not Secretary
of Defense but you know when he flies
over to Egypt and his meeting with the
generals there do told me they really
creepy will greet him like a celebrity
and I think if you know if you're in
Egypt then the head of military
intelligence is two steps away from the
president I mean that CC was a head of
military intelligence and got to know
Flynn well and vice versa because they
were opposite numbers and a couple of
job moves later CCC is running Egypt now
I know Cece came over I think it was in
2006 and I don't know for how long
probably not that long but you know and
took I know some type of Learning Annex
class at the War College but what when
when a guy like Flynn goes over there
and says like you know I'm with you and
you guys should be you know I mean it
sounds like was cheerleading right for
for a coup do they well well I would be
what he told me was he sat down with the
head of Egyptian military intelligence
and they were scrawling out
on a napkin over lunch there there there
map of all the Islamist threats around
the region so it certainly conveyed a
significant and probably acute fear of
political is list okay so do they do
they have a sense of like where this guy
is in the administration I mean I guess
maybe this is even just a broader
question that I'm curious about
when these various officials come and
all express their own varying opinions
about this stuff right and and almost
make it seem like it's us it's a
statement of US policy in some manner or
at the very least it's a statement of
the policy of the various departments
they come from well how is that
interpreted I mean do do like I mean how
do how do the the military officials in
Egypt how do they interpret that like
did they get do they have a sense of how
our government works I mean I don't even
feel like I have a sense of how our
government works in that respect do they
have a savvy or understanding or some do
and some don't I would well I'll tell
you two things first of all you know the
in if you visit Washington DC the
Egyptian military actually has it's kind
of its own embassy the Egyptian embassy
is fairly out fairly far out Connecticut
Avenue the Egyptian military has its own
defense headquarters right right near
Georgetown not too far from the White
House so they they have a significant
presence of their own and their own
independent relationship with Washington
the other thing I'll tell you is during
this period they would actually say to
their contacts in the in the American
Defense Department you know we're
getting a little frustrated here because
we're hearing two different messages
you're telling us one thing and the
White House is telling us another and
they were openly expressing their their
frustration at that and they ended up
going with what the Pentagon was saying
well you know they went with what
they're that they went with their own
assessment you know I'm
I'm not going to say this is like 1953
in Tehran where the us-backed a military
takeover all we know is that there were
mixed messages and if you were expecting
the American government to really put
the brakes on a coup in Egypt I think by
the way President Morsi was expecting
that you were wrong and was that was
that a function of from your perspective
of President Obama's indecision or
ambivalence or inability to to get
everybody on the same page I mean
presumably and and I don't and and and I
don't want to that's let's just
stipulate that the United States if
there was a unified message coming from
John Kerry coming from Barack Obama
coming from the Pentagon don't do this
we will not back you we will call it a
coup and you will lose funding and we
should talk about that in a moment
do you think that could have prevented
it and if it did if we stipulate that's
the case what what factor was the
failure point was it was it Obama's
ambivalence or inability to sort of
discipline to get everybody on the same
discipline message all right so you got
we had a couple things there first of
all we got a I can't just now along with
your stipulation if if if secretary
Kerry was here or if Secretary of
Defense Hagel was here what he was what
they would say is look the truth is if
we did that if we took away the funny if
we went against the coup then the
Egyptian military would have gotten
money from the UAE of Saudi Arabia in
fact those countries sent 12 billion
dollars that pretty much the night of
the coup so the money was going to be
forthcoming and it wouldn't have made a
difference and I can't say it would have
so whether or not the US could have
stopped this is it is untested frankly
on the other question which is about
President Obama's leadership you know
sympathetic voices in the White House
will say if the differences
like this they're just a part of
government that it's impossible to
really get everyone on the same page
that you know poor Obama was trying to
do the right thing but he was up against
an establishment that had certain prior
sub positions and was hard to maneuver
or steer and he did the best he could
others will say as you hinted that the
promise of Amoz leadership that he was
too detached too tentative and unable to
really enforce unity in his government
and I think those are questions that
historians will we'll wrestle with and I
hope I've contributed to that
in a small way in my book in terms of
just providing the the details to make
those assessments rather than sort of
making those assessments yourself yeah I
mean if you look at the Arab Spring as
one case study I think you're off to a
pretty good start right okay and so
moving forward the reaction to the coup
was that it can't be a coup because I
guess you've sort of almost provided
that answer the argument in the White
House was if we call it a coup by US law
we cannot continue to fund Egypt and if
we do not continue to fund Egypt the
only implications of that will be that
we lose our seat at the table
yeah that's precisely right so the u.s.
logistics worth reiterating the u.s.
gives Egypt 1.3 billion dollars a year
in military aid more than any other
country besides Israel and that's been
going on for decades and it continues so
the morning after the coup on July 4
2013 President Obama convened an
emergency meeting in the White House and
