phones called from a nine to eight area
code who's this where you calling from
nine time undo hello nine to eight damn
can you get me yes who is this
um hello Sam Sam can you mean yes hello
hello hello can you hear me yes I can
you can't hear me I can hear you it good
lord
Sam this is that this is this is your
man NJPW man how you livin NJPW I'm
doing great how are you doing
yes man I'm good man
um just before I start my car just want
to say I appreciate that Michael Brooks
and all you guys clipping my call
where you know I I expressed fear of my
you know my woman and the mother of my
son being taken away cuz she's not a
citizen you guys clipped at it I showed
it to my son I showed it to my woman and
and it really brought a lot of uh
brought a lot of happiness and it took
away a lot of took away a little fear
that i have of that and the anxiety
associated with that much appreciate it
oh great I'm glad to hear that yeah so
um yeah it's kind of weird talking to
you Sam cuz all the times I've called
you ain't that you ain't even in some
one of them no-show jobs man I salute
you for that well that's what you got to
do I mean I I read that futurist
prediction and I said I'm going to make
it happen so all right so it's on your
mind today
you got me let's uh let's first of all I
just want to say you know doesn't get
enough credit in the Trump
administration for who had not having
their name out there man you know as you
don't hear nothing about Linda McMahon
it's true she's been laying low as the
Small Business Administration good I
mean how you taking stone-cold
you know what I'm saying tombstone
outside the ring you know and all the
all the crazy that went on in WWE
and she has managed to actually just do
the job with no scandals huh
well that's wild there's a lot of
scandals probably taya you know ahead of
hers if she had any and I'm sure you
know the Small Business Administration
is not necessarily you know one of the
premier that was no it's not you know
it's not you know of all the other
problems we have there's a lot more you
know yesterday
Jeff session said that they're creating
a religious freedom task force and you
know that was like the tenth story I'm
also doing some things at HUD well she
has the advantage of being in charge of
an agency that the Trump administration
is not trying to destroy as far as I
know right how do we really define
smokers yeah well what I wanted to what
I wanted to share with you was actually
young I used to for for a little while I
actually was I was living in Arizona for
most of 2017 because believe it or not I
was actually recovering from two gunshot
wounds that I got walking to work oh yes
I'm in 2017 2016 I was I was actually on
my way to work I was walking to work in
East Oakland and I was literally I'm not
bushing there's a news story about and
everything I was beaten and then I was
shot twice from my work laptop basically
and so while I was recovering from that
I stayed with yeah I'm serious I could
link you to the article well I was
recovering from that Wow meet me it's
good man you know it's crazy I'm a
veteran didn't get shot over out
overseas but get clapped a couple blocks
from my crib Jesus but um basically my
son and my and my woman we stayed in
Arizona near the near the border um and
we stayed there just so I could try to
recover and like you know try to get my
mind right etc and so the reason why I'm
bringing this up is because I lived near
a bunch of Trump supporters and this and
that right so looking at that New York
Times article that came out about how
you know if you're a white liberal don't
give up on your your race
just homies or whatever and I'm like let
me let me let me tell y'all why that
 is useless all right let me do and
hope
let me just whistle let people know
there was a piece in the new york times
that that literally said like white
liberals you're talking to racists wrong
and just to be clear so this is not
because there was a piece a couple weeks
ago no this was two days ago this was a
white woman who is talking about how it
was a pretty muddled piece because at
one at points she's saying these folks
are racist but they're not super super
racist and if you just approach them and
explain then something magical will
happen supposedly there was a it was it
was a bad it was a poorly written piece
that didn't seem to make any argument
other than white
you know white liberals just lay off and
a lot of nice was probably next to some
new piece but i like some researchers so
baby we've got to be open to IQ stuff
right thanks times go ahead real page no
no no problem so check it out man so
this dude who lived about one house down
from us in Yuma Arizona
he had these um he had these flags up
about you know crooked Hillary and
deplorable and it's not in the other and
I decided me being me I'm like you know
what you know cuz Trump had just gotten
elected you know and among you know and
I'm like you know what let me let me
reach on the other side of the aisle you
know I mean and so I walked over you
know with my crutches at the time and I
actually tried to talk to the guy and he
hit me with these talking points like oh
well you know it you know the left is
gone just too far left and you know we
want real change and he and he he did
something that like you know he even see
he talked about how like oh yeah hey I
hate every race the same and this man
yellow like sue is obviously races to
this and that but I literally just
honestly wanted to try to get his point
of view right so he said that give me
all these talking points and
this and that and I listened to him and
you know like I try got his point of
view he was idiot whatever but I'm like
okay at least I heard his
right and I explained him look I'm Alma
but I'm a veteran bla bla you know I
wasn't trying to be one of those I'm not
one of those types of black folks I was
like no like I'm very much to the left
this and that and the other so check
this out man
a few days later he knocks on my door
and I was asleep you know Peter that I
was on man percocets one or the other
and he comes the door and my woman
answers and my son answers and he asked
him asking to speak to me and and my
woman was like telling me in Spanish
like I think he's drunk and you know I'm
like okay let me let me talk to him
he asked me because at the time I had a
beard he asked me so when did you when
did you join the Muslim Brotherhood I
said what yeah I knew it is he like yeah
he starts asking me about like you know
so the you know that organizations like
black lives matter like what kind of
terrorist links do they have and I'm
like sir I don't know if I'm I but one
thing I can't say his wife his wife and
their friends run over them and they go
they're like telling him like look least
a guy alone like he's with his family
bla bla bla they were like actually
trying to talk some sense into him but
he was also strapped now the thing is is
that like you know they apologized and
this and that and the other now listen
to me man like I haven't had a gun since
I was in the service you know but it was
the first time I thought especially
after being like I said I'm a victim of
unfortunate robbery it was a sign like
well maybe I need a gun bla bla bla but
I'm like now that if I need you
know if I need a gun and that means I'm
living in fear and I'm not bitch-made
like that so I'm not going out like that
you know
so it was just a moment where I was
thinking like man excuse my language
 these man you can't
reach them you can't talk to them
they're not trying to hear it and and I
was after that like I'm reading these
articles and this and that it's like
they want to hear from this minority of
people who can't be changed or whatever
but they don't want to hear from the
individuals who these policies really
affect where his BS is really affecting
you know no one likes like you guys said
the other day
no one wants to come into black and
Latino neighborhoods and say you know
what how what kind of changes to from
the left that can happen that'll make
you motivated to vote no we got to hear
about these stupid who are
willingly ready to lose their jobs
because they you know wanted want to
continue to support this guy and the one
person I really wish was here right now
did help you know Michael there was
about where's ja rule that Jo yeah I
really wish Patrice O'Neal was here to
help me make sense I agree I think I
think if you listen to some of those old
those clips it's so weird because it's
you know it's like a radio show but he's
he's fielding all of these different
versions of what you're talking about on
the radio and it's embarrassing and I
agree I mean I think the distinction
between like there's one argument is
don't categorize every white person who
has a certain income in a stereotypical
way which i think is just factually
important then there's like can you flip
a couple of a handful of people to vote
the right way well hopefully but then
the broader point I agree with you I
mean why not a column from a from you
for the New York Times about what your
experience is of veteran being accused
of being a Muslim Brotherhood operative
is I mean it's it is pretty disgusting
this piece in particular that you're
talking about I just wanted to read the
the the the last the last like a
paragraph or two just like how muddled
like what's going on in the mind of this
woman Margaret ranky is it wrinkle oh
let's just race this name i I don't know
I don't know anything about her but
she's just a oh she's a contributing
opinion editor who opinion writer who
covers flora fauna politics and culture
in the American South alright flora and
fauna and if you are a white liberal
whose goal is to feel morally superior
to such people right that is the grumpy
old neighbor who voted for Donald Trump
out of frustration with Washington the
high school class
they do post a Obama joke on Facebook
the white woman on the plane who tenses
up when a middle-eastern sits down in
the seat beside air like you know they'd
sort of yeah you know I was complaining
things that annoys me exactly right the
old grumpy voter who voted for Donald
Trump out of frustration with Washington
is I have no friend from the white woman
who sees a Muslim and tenses up by the
very presence of a Muslim or the guy
putting a Obama was like a unemotional
right on Facebook you know what the old
guy sorted for if you're a white liberal
whose goal is to feel superior about
such people Michael go right ahead and
urge them to check their white privilege
call them stupid red X on the other hand
put rednecks on the other and you
haven't made a single thing better for
anyone suffering it's somehow you
haven't made a single thing better for
anyone suffering the actual effects of
racism but when is that ever stopped a
white person from airing a little
righteous indignation
here's let me just start with this you
could do both you can be righteously
indignant and actually help someone
who's suffering from racism they're not
mutually exclusive you don't have to
happen the same time uh if on the other
hand you're a white liberal whose goal
is to foster a more equitable culture
you need to stop yelling racist at
anyone who doesn't see the world exactly
as you do as in like you should be
inherently afraid of a black guy or you
know you should always be concerned that
a Muslim is terrorist or if the
president's black it's okay to call
monkey that may not be as you do somehow
you need to find enough common ground
for a real conversation about race very
few people are stupid or it irredeemably
mean they'll listen to what you have to
say if you if they trust you let me ask
you this NJPW do you think this guy
would have listed like could you work
conversation with him about race like
hey man I know you're you know look we
have could we just sit down have a
conversation about race how amenable to
that do you think you'd be I think that
you know whatever his preconceived
notions he would have all he would be
looking for is his own car
formation bias and there's no way you
can reach someone whose ideology is
based on hate
I've said it since the beginning the
moment Donald Trump said Mexicans are
this and that and the other he there was
no reasoning with that and if you
reasoned with it in any way shape or
form
you were already racist so this article
Sam Michael this is that yakoobi and
left I'm talking about this is
exactly what it is
this is yakoobi and tendencies coming
out I agree let me know and the last
thing I want to say is I I hope to I
just want to say up I will call in again
Michael if I can call I'll try to call
on your show while my son's at jujitsu
practice and I want to discuss me being
detained at the border for about three
hours yeah I got detained
I had an ID and everything it didn't
matter they detained me for three hours
and I'll tell you about that but yeah
like I said when I talk about yakoo
being left in your ku bein tendencies
they want me to read they want you to
reason with people who hate you who have
always been on top and this is not in
the other but like you said they don't
want to talk to people who we're hey you
know what um you know you might be
deported that hey you know what your
black ass might get shot on some
stand-your-ground and no one's
gonna care when they try to when they
try to take your place a parking spot
argument no one cares about that but we
should we should feel sorry for people
who voted for a man while they're losing
their uh I lost my farm
yo my man lost his life you know I hear
ya angling even more prosaic example
there was a woman she was my like a
landlord last year I was in college it
rented a room in this house and you know
very nice whatever she was from the
south and this was during the Obama
election so she would come to me with
her Obama conspiracies because she was
both like yeah you know you're smart
young man
and I know you like Obama so like did
the Saudis pay for him to go to Harvard
Law like literally on a week in week out
basis exactly and I remember though but
but you know and this to me was I never
did
because I actually I don't think it's
terribly effective to particularly
somebody like that to use like jargon
that's popular on college campuses but I
do remember it was and it was so it's it
wasn't even a big thing but she just
said like well you don't think that like
the problems with race in this country
are just because of like white people
black people have done a lot to create
them too right and I just was like I
forgot how I said it cuz I still have to
pay rent and deal with her but it was
just like we don't have anything to talk
about anymore right like we're like
we're cool I don't hate you I don't but
like we're not this isn't going anywhere
and actually especially because I was
polite obviously because I was white she
had a certain kind of like she's like
yeah maybe I guess that's wrong isn't it
and that actually was a healthy shame it
was like yeah don't come to me with this
 it's nonsense good yeah you
know but the reality is right from a
level one well that's all well and good
in that moment I trust with that all
right all right but she's gonna go back
oh we're friends and go back all and
what an arrogant kid from babe just
ignore and move on with the next
conspiracy theory but appreciate the
call man do you have a Twitter or some
way that we can on touch with you well
you got Twitter what's your Twitter
actually what you guys don't know what
y'all don't know is I'm actually a
pretty not famous in any way but in it
as far as music goes if you google my
music name which is cold vol II James
Cash there are actually a ton of
articles about me musically there's a
long one that's like eight pages long on
medium you know I've been in it I've
been my music work as far as I don't rap
but I do production but if you google
Cole James Cash all kinds of stuff about
my music will come up man so yes that's
my Twitter called James Cash etc like
like that you know and in the rap world
I can have a little niche going on and
so that Michael you know this rapper
Skyzoo yeah I've heard that name yeah we
are yeah we have a song together etc
I've done all kinds of BS using then I'm
not trying to plug my music but I am
saying Cole James Cash is how you can
get ahold of me cool and a low key
brother
Allah Akbar yo yo the black man is God
and Sam yes don't think that I'm not
watching you door you know that our
Farrakhan we go they appreciate that
thank you thank you thank you very much
who very cool man
yes I'm totally down with it this
article I just reading it for the first
time but it seems to just be the whole
premise is just or the solution is like
make me comfortable the woman who really
has nothing at resolutely absurd like
it's beyond absurd it's like poorly
written so it gets a little bit you know
it's like she thinks she's really quite
the stylist the the she basically
defines people as racist and then says
but they're not really racist they're
just they just see things differently
than you and by the way just being a
liberal and voting for Hillary Clinton
doesn't necessarily get you off the hook
for racism either does she ish does she
claim that she's that well I don't even
know if she is a liberal as much as she
is just explaining to liberals book
how's that vibe it has a whiff of that
about it there's a documentary called
color of fear which is basically it's
like it's super early 90s it's a it's
just a several men basically like they
went off to a cabin and they talk about
race for a weekend and they come from
different backgrounds and the like break
through point with this white guy one of
the white guys is very stereotypical and
intransigent and very racially blind
there's a big break through it actually
does come through discomfort and
confrontation it isn't like a weekend of
everybody being like you're a great guy
and then he's like you know I actually
realized that police shouldn't pull you
over and beat the out of you
anymore yeah look the reality is folks
that the way that people change their
minds is through all the things that
make them uncomfortable I'm sorry that's
just the reality really across the board
it's just a reality of
this comfort is good how else could you
give up discomforts good for else can
you give up organizing principles and
thoughts of your life and it not be
uncomfortable how could this possibly
happen and it's
