you
[Music]
you
CEDA the destiny of America is
safer in the hands of the people than in
the conference rooms of annihilate
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex so much our day report with sam
cedar it is Tuesday October 16th 2018 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
Marshall Steinbaum from the Roosevelt
Institute on the death of Sears at the
hands of a vulture capitalism meanwhile
Lindsey Graham calls for a regime change
in Saudi Arabia presumably so he can
continue to sell them weapons and the
state of Georgia working hard overtime
to disenfranchise black people living
our la vida loca without the Voting
Rights Act Chuck Schumer got played
again Republicans plants judicial
hearings in October yeah but well
whatever
that's all I have and the Laffer curve
fails again we're not in Kansas anymore
in the wake of a corporate GOP corporate
tax cut meanwhile Trump administration
looks to kill the Chicago Police Reform
deal because why not so why say vote for
the green candy DHS finds more attempts
to hack US elections and does nothing
about it
meanwhile New York Police Department
seeks nine quad boys on riot charges and
Yemen on the brink of the worst famine
in 100 years maybe maybe if people get
exorcised enough about a Washington Post
columnist will be able to avoid some of
that and Charlie Kirk's turning points
USA Florida Chapter slinging racist
means and Tucker Carlson's Yelp account
goes dormant all this and more on
today's program ladies and gentlemen
yeah let's just let's just jump in this
very quickly I know we weren't playing
do this but I I'm so distraught by
what's going on with Tucker Carlson that
I want to put this up on the top of the
show I wasn't planning it I mean we I
know we have what we will talk about the
gram in a moment but this is too tough
folks too tough Tucker Carlson who you
have to understand people get into
habits into ruts live in New York City
maybe you have a small kitchen maybe you
get home from work too late
you can't cook for the kids but Tucker
has none of those issues Tucker is not
only well-paid because of his Fox gig
but even when he lost all those
different jobs that he lost and was
desperate to make a name for himself
with the was at the Daily Caller I think
it was his thing even then it wasn't an
issue because of course he's an heiress
or an heir to the Swanson frozen food
fortune so Tucker
is used to eating out and used to eating
out at nice places all right so the
transition is that much hard this is
that's why this makes the story that
much more difficult it would be easy to
Slough it off and just say wow you're
like 99% of the people now but that
discounts how difficult it is for some
people to change their loss aversion
exactly term in behavioral economics
it's it's not the same for him because
he's used to a certain lifestyle um
apathetic Sam
I can't really go out to a lot of
restaurants anymore because I get yelled
at Tucker said on a national review
podcast or at least that one day I don't
feel threatened having someone scream
 you at a restaurant it just wrecks
your meal Carson said he only goes to
one restaurant these days I go there
because I love it nobody hassles me Oh
incidentally that's the palm steakhouse
I think you probably find that that
place is still open
yep I can't wait for this revolution to
end so I can go back out to dinner so
[Music]
if you scream at someone to the point
where they have to leave the restaurant
that's an act of wild aggression he said
last week on his television show which
promotes race wars and also promotes
people like Gavin McGinnis and promotes
vigilance gypsies yeah Julis against
gypsies live spreads neo Nazi propaganda
about South Africa but the only
restaurant that he can go to anymore is
the palm that's a real bummer of the
steak house for lobbyists I was simply
trying to get that is what like being
really like being gay in the 1950s it is
just like being gay this is my
impersonation of myself at a restaurant
Tucker's at and of course the irony is
the the palm it's not in the Upper West
Side right no this is in DC this is the
lobbyist place 19th Street Northwest he
lives he lives in DC and Jefferson place
that's 19th Northwest Street
all right well then forget everything I
said about the feeling bad for him cuz
you got a big kitchen probably no I
thought when you said none of these
problems apply to him that was the joke
about him not being in New York oh I
thought you were actually setting that
up I thought you're doing that on
purpose I didn't know but I mean I knew
I mean there you have it so Tucker
Carlson just waiting for this moment to
pass so he doesn't have to deal anymore
him in your prayers he should be forced
to eat those frozen dinners that's right
they won't swear it probably done it we
call if the delivery man did the Swanson
delivery mail is just like oh here's
your frozen dinners from your era from
your a fortune and you there you go
folks staying properly hydrated is one
of the most important factors in flu and
cold recovery prevention Jamie if you're
listening what did I tell you stay
hydrated and we actually just got a new
a new box of a min so I don't know why
she didn't she must not have seen that
thankfully liquid IV provides the same
hydration as drinking
two to three bottles of water it is not
your average electrolyte drink mix
liquid IV has 110 percent the daily
value of vitamin C b12 and non-gmo clean
ingredients it's a healthy alternative
to traditional sports drinks and it
delivers hydration to the bloodstream
faster and more efficiently than water
alone five essential vitamins it also
has more vitamin C than an orange and is
much potassium as a banana I pop one of
these like certainly when I've got a
cold but also what I'm starting to do
now is I put a bunch of these in my my
bag when I travel because you can't
obviously travel with electrolyte mix I
pop a couple of these on the airplane
put them in its powdered put them in the
water as I'm flying on the airplane
maybe I'm imaginated imagining it but it
but it helps with both a jetlag because
every time I go on a plane it seems like
I'm going to lose but it also helps when
occasionally I may enjoy the alcohol a
little too much we're here we here I'm
bringing a bunch to LA this weekend for
politican I'm bringing something I'd oh
well I love the liquid IV and I know you
will too right now my listeners get 20%
off at liquid - IV dot-com when you use
my code majority a check out that's 20%
off anything you order at liquid Ivy's
website go to liquid - IV dot-com and to
my promo code majority to get your
savings and start getting better
hydration that's liquid - IV dot-com
promo code majority don't wait get
hydrated today
all right let's um right now I mean it's
sort of interesting and I'm not quite
sure if this is a Republican attempt to
seem reasonable to keep a guy like Chris
Murphy from getting out ahead of this
maybe it's there is I'm not quite sure I
don't know if it's because we have an
impending
massive catastrophe in Yemen with a a
famine that has been unrivaled in this
century within a century not even in
this century within a hundred years but
and maybe just killing and dismembering
a Washington Post columnist is just a
bridge too far
incidentally Donald Trump floated the
idea of a rogue killing he didn't want
to get into the mind of of NBS but it
might be a rogue killing I think he said
the other day and then apparently the
Saudis were leaking that they were
contemplating now pretending that it was
a road killing despite the fact for the
past two weeks they've been insisting
that Khashoggi
left the embassy which is a weird thing
to circle and square it's also weird to
like oh my god we accidentally killed
this guy while we were torturing him
before we rendered him so what do we do
to make up for it oh I know let's chop
up his body into pieces apparently
that's the that's the line from the
White House and from the Saudis no word
on what Thomas Friedman has to say about
this but here is Lindsey Graham
understand put aside the issue of
killing a journalist put aside the issue
of our support for a brutal bombing
campaign of Yemen where incidentally as
a result of Trump loosening the
restrictions on on targets as a some
type of fig leaf to protect citizens the
number of citizens that we have killed
has I think doubled put all that aside
this isn't a personal offense to Lindsey
Graham Saudi Arabia the Secretary of
State is heading over there now to try
to get some answers about what happened
to the Saudi embassy inside Turkey you
know what happened who's to blame well
I'm
this nothing happens in Saudi Arabia
without NBS knowing it whose MBA he's
the 33 year old Crown Prince who jumped
over other people he's the son of the
existing King and I think he's on a bad
track I can never do business with
Aussie right I love the idea that he is
he has an issue with him jumping over
other people as if this is like some
type of democracy or something right
like you didn't follow the proper line
of ascension to the dictatorship it's
also that that was a positive for him
when people are running fluff pieces
that he wasn't fitting with traditional
monarchy protocol because he was a bold
reform job he's being right he's
completely disruptive he's very
disruptive to the Saudi monarchy that's
why through a bunch of his relatives in
jail and that was reported positively
like okay he's being serious poker up
ssin vs. ha ha
I wonder why like a young aspiring
unhindered instruction might put on
khals in a you know the team the
creative destruction just with Saudi
Arabia again until we get this behind
this ring and what does that mean that
means I'm not going back to Saudi Arabia
as long as this guy's in charge so
you're selling the crown prince has to
leave this up to them but I'm not going
to I've been their biggest defender on
the floor of the United States Senate
this guy is a wrecking ball he had this
guy murdered in a consulate and Turkey
and to expect me to ignore it I feel
used and abused I was on the floor so if
I understand Lindsey Graham correctly
the all the other things that that NBS
was considering when he was going to
kill this guy
putting aside everything that's
happening Yemen according to Lindsey
Graham that NBS didn't stop and say what
will Lindsey think about this this was
Khashoggi should have said the guys were
torturing and murdering him this would
be very disrespectful to Lindsey Graham
please stop or I feel used and abused I
was on the floor every time defending
Saudi Arabia because there's a good Ally
there's a difference between a country
and an individual the NBS figure is to
me
toxic he can never be a world leader on
the world stage
what does the president do thanks it's
up to the president but what I would do
I know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
sanction the hell out of Saudi Arabia
you know we deal with bad people all the
time but this is in our face I feel
personally offended they have nothing
but contempt for us why would you put a
guy like me and the president in this
box but after all the president has done
this guy's got to go
Saudi Arabia if you're listening there
are a lot of good people you can choose
but NBS has tainted your country and
tainted himself that's up to them so my
job this is so bizarre because Lindsey
Graham is literally going on trying to
pitch to the president what he should
say that's what's going on here I mean
we have a I don't want to say a
five-year-old I think it's closer to a
four-year-old in the White House and
Lindsey Graham is sitting there trying
to trying to just model behavior for
Donald Trump but look the bottom line is
Lindsey Graham has laid down the
gauntlet ladies and gentlemen he is not
going back to Saudi Arabia because that
guy has embarrassed him and we know when
Lindsey Graham says something his word
is his bond this guy is not the type of
guy it's not a fair-weather senator
let's play this clip this is I'm
confused wait oh this is from oh just
about a year or two ago okay don't
believe Donald Trump is a reliable
conservative Republican good luck will
Paul Ryan trying to find a conservative
agenda with this guy and I don't think
has to temperament of judgment to be
commander in chief a lot of my
colleagues will vote for him
enthusiastically some will hold their
nose I just can't go there with Donald
oh oh and now he's his biggest fan so
now he's big literally one of his prime
advocates in all of Congress so would
you say Lindsey Graham is gonna be in
Saudi Arabia by early December or do you
think this will be he'll wait until
mid-december yeah he seemed really peppy
there so but on the other hand I'm gonna
you know what it's gonna
depends on how savage the winter is in
DC that's how he has nice weather and I
will reserve judgment to find out if
it's gets rainy and cold
just keep me in the loop just keep me in
the loop on the weather forecasts re
months from now
now what could do with MBS is doing we
gotta take a quick break when we come
back Marshall Steinbaum of the Roosevelt
Institute on the death of Sears
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome to the program research director
and fellow at the Roosevelt Institute
Marshall Steinbaum Marshall welcome to
the program thanks for having me
all right let's let's start it on this
this the story of sears they I guess
they've basically announced that they're
heading into bankruptcy and this has
been a slow I guess well in some
respects pretty quick I guess when you
look at the the how old this company has
been but this is a story that we have
seen quite a bit we saw it with Toys R
Us we saw it with anchor hockey we saw
it with Sports Authority we've seen it
with many other companies
tell us what happened to Sears well I
think you can definitely draw a line
between the with those other examples I
think what you see is that companies
with established market shares in in
brick-and-mortar retail faced in a sort
of broad sense rising competition from
online I'm in other distributional
methods and I'm basically financial
interests like hedge funds and private
equity you kind of see this and what
they see is that this is an industry
that is going to be in long-term decline
it's going to lose market share but that
presents an opportunity where if they
can take control of of the business then
they can you know radically cut expenses
lay people off load the companies up
with debt to pay themselves a gigantic
dividend and you know yes that will push
the company out of business they might
by doing that cause that you go out of
business a little bit more quickly than
it would have had the sort of you know
natural evolution of the market played
out but that presents an enormous
profit-making opportunity in the
meantime that is the customers are going
to leave but they're not going to leave
so quickly that you can't make an
absolute killing during the period of
time that you just could control and
parasitize this declining business so I
think that's what we saw with Sears and
with those other companies I mean is it
the case though and that there was that
that
that the demise of all of these
companies is that inevitable and my
understanding is that different you know
like for instance over the toys-r-us I
haven't seen the sales figures for Sears
part of that just seems to be complete
mismanagement cuz this thing fell off a
cliff but tourism I mean I think the
story is probably you know variations on
a theme across all of these companies I
don't think it's you know totally
inevitable that Sears has to be replaced
by online I mean Sears itself could have
changed its business and you know you
take a company like Amazon that has
profited so enormous Lee at the decline
of brick-and-mortar retail I mean that's
a company that doesn't take profits
because you know while they have
enormous market share they use the
proceeds of that or sorry Norma circuit
power they use the proceeds of that to
expand into other lines of business and
you know they're really interested in
growth that is not taking money out of
the business for the shareholders today
but ensuring that the the business as a
whole is as maximally powerful for the
long run as possible so you know it's
it's hard for an outsider to say that
that business model was available to
Sears to but in any event it didn't
follow it instead being older companies
kind of succumbed to what I would
consider the sort of shareholder
shareholder first ideology that says
well you know we're in a position where
we don't have to do that much work to
make a ton of money right now let's do
that and you know two points one is
Sears if there was any business
understood you know delivery by mail in
this country for the past 30 years right
Sears I mean they literally pioneered
this idea of I'm looking at I'm not
going to a store I'm looking at pictures
of it it just happened to be in a
magazine as opposed to I mean in a
catalog as opposed to online but just I
mean I want to just I want to tease this
out in plain language so that people
understand really what what the dynamic
is here because on some level it starts
with essentially it's basically looking
at a animal that is slightly wounded and
instead of going in there with the
intention of oh I'm going to capture
that slightly wounded animal it's going
to be easier for me to capture them and
then I'm going to nurse them back to
health it is I'm going to see that
slightly wound
animal and I'm going to eat it because
it's it's I mean that's basically what's
what's happening here so so walk us
through this the how this went with
Eddie Lampert because when we say
shareholder it feels like Oh mom and pop
down the street with their pension there
may be some of those people but this is
we're talking about one guy who had and
and one fund maybe he had some money
from his friends as well but are going
in to take a massive company with tens
of thousands of employees and
essentially sucking its blood to make
himself just himself us like bigger yeah
yeah I couldn't agree with you more I
mean I think we really need to adjust
