[Music]
now today on today's episode of the
majority report Justice Kennedy has
announced his retirement and this is
going to be really devastating this
again you know earlier in the show we
said that if he hadn't announced today
then it would be unlikely that he was
going to but it is clear that he has
decided to retire those cases that had
interested him had already been
adjudicated and were punted the court
with a replacement for Kennedy in the
form of another neil Gorsuch is lost for
probably a generation or two
I guess it's conceivable Clarence Thomas
may retire in the next five to ten years
maybe he retires a year from now to
allow Donald Trump to pick his successor
but you've got Alito Korsak John Roberts
and Thomas on the court those other guys
are all in their 40s I think maybe early
50s
Kennedy's in his 80s we're talking about
30 years of right-wing dominance on
these courts there is no way for
Democrats to I guess I mean they could
they could attempt a filibuster but it
is I think that is gone now
they could have I said but that is gone
obviously McConnell did that because the
moon fell into Lake Michigan I guess
about a year ago it's a big deal
and you know this is one of those things
where you know protests I don't know how
much impact they can have but hugely
important so that at the very least you
can tell your kids that you tried well
just protests like mass waves of
whatever kind of resistance we can come
up with is what we need right now yeah
super bad situation like I am
legitimately afraid they're gonna turn
over Roe versus Wade after that decision
on the crisis pregnancy centers that
really seems like what they're ramping
up to I think it's unlikely that they
that that with a with another pick in
the mold of Gorsuch that they do not I
mean there's always these cases that are
basically you know queued up for this
and so I think it's very likely that we
see something that I don't know if
there's anyone from say my generation
that is going to be against pack the
court I mean that's the thing is that we
you have to have I mean that that's what
has to - like that should be a new
abolish ice as far as I'm concerned yeah
yeah well I'm not gonna hold my breath
for the Democrats to do that or any of
the stuff that our guest outlined on the
episode escape the name escapes me but
uh I think we need to look to other
countries for what we should be doing
right now in addition to obviously
voting in more progressive politicians
like they had a massive women's general
strike in Poland over reproductive
rights and we might start seeing we
should start seeing some of that here I
hope so people aren't gonna take that
lying down we shouldn't I agree and
there's gonna be you know I think the
you know it's the the Democrats I'm
worried about the performance of the
Democrats in the judiciary hearings
obviously there's not much they can do
to to stop a nomination but they can
make it clear where a nominee stands and
and and begin to you know progressives
have failed failed miserably
over the past 20-30 years to to really
articulate the relevance of the court to
their voters have just failed miserably
added progressive politicians
progressive organizations it's
depressing when progressives don't seem
to get the importance as well as certain
like half political Republican voting
family members of mine do yeah the the
the right is so much more aware of the
implications of the court and maybe it's
because that has prevented you know it
has allowed abortion and has allowed gay
marriage it has you know segregated
schools or desegregated schools it
segregated them as well but subsequently
desegregated them and I don't know this
is bad I mean this is we're going to
have to I mean the the idea of core
packing I think you're right it has to
become a mainstream position you know
quick for the Democrats not too too
quick because Donald Trump is still the
president and the Senate still control
there and you know having four morgue or
six on there would be a problem I
decided we need three guys to replace
Kennedy all right let's go to I am Bill
Maher made fun of Mike Tsarevich on
Friday this is one of the rare segments
I enjoyed for the whole Oh for the whole
for the most part but he went after
Serna at 3:20 we should
we should look for that we'll play it
tomorrow
yeah caller I'm sorry for being so so
quick with you the libertarian caller
it's just that I didn't want to hear
about that anymore when I saw the the
news about about Kennedy I mean don't
apologize to him well I was a little bit
rude and I didn't want to do that I'm
sorry I'm sorry to everybody for my
rudeness I was a little upset about that
no no
fames Darwin Sam I just want to say I
think the reaction of conservatives in
the right generally to Maxine Waters and
the victory of kzo Cortes is telling
they're clearly afraid of growing
political power from the left and the
real refuses to accept compliance with
Trump's agenda we have to keep applying
public pressure on the administration
push truly progressive candidates if the
mainstream Democrat party wins they'll
give the whole thing Obama's Iraq war
treatment and we'll be back at square
one we can't let that happen I mean III
agree with you largely a lot of the
primaries are over and there was you
know there there was not a wholesale
change I mean we need to continue to
pressure the Democrats both through
primaries that exist and you know
through other means when you hear stuff
like you know Nancy Pelosi coming out
for Pago it is uh
it's shocking to me
Matthieu film guy just want to say hell
yeah and take one-sixteenth credit for
last night's big win in my district of
Astoria Queens by Alexandria occasio
Cortes I supported her despite my
gratitude towards Joe Crowley for his
help in getting semi-trucks off my
street in the story of Boulevard who
says all politics are transactional and
just buy a knife
he's clearly excellent taste in puppies
ie are cute brown dog Dudley
seen here in this tweet being lovely
caressed by the most recent member of
Congress to be replaced by a Democratic
Socialist feel free to use and share
Matthieu film guy with a picture of Joe
Crowley petting his dog um this is a
good for Matthew film guy PS I'm so glad
I got to vote for candidate who supports
a green new deal
Anthony Kennedy double suck it Jimmy
definitely time for me to start to pack
the court for any next Democratic
president at a minimum fYI there's a
slim opportunity to save net neutrality
the congressional review act already
passed through the Senate needs only 218
house represents to sign the discharge
petition in order to force a vote to
reinstate net neutrality hope springs
eternal a square Oh Sam what oppression
interview with the professor on fascism
his last words will stay with me
resistance is no longer an option it's
just necessary each week worse than the
one before
thanks for starting the show that bright
light of the Acacio election but I feel
like repeating Sam Jackson line from
Star Wars they have the courts the
Senate and the presidency but the courts
that was the prize and sure way to
entrench the white oligarchy corporate
minority and Jamie it's beyond
depressing but DSA is giving us life I
love Sarah Palin as someone who likes a
CNN their whole coverage nowaday
revolves around trying to get a segment
viral for YouTube that's why they bring
on people they know her a train a
retainer for Trump so he can lie and say
something stupid and someone else in the
panel can explode thanks for standing up
against Jake Tapper you're one of the
good ones Sam
chappie one Sam is a 35-year member of
the National Association of letter
carriers I'm not as worried about Janis
Federal jobs are already open shops and
yet our membership is high shaming works
well no scabs pajama boy
I think it's possible Sarah Sanders went
out to the red hen restaurant on purpose
hoping to get kicked out it's certainly
been in traction I don't think so the
way that did that seemed to have gone
down I don't think she could have known
that people would have cared but I hope
they when they go out to restaurants in
the future they do that would they a
night again again her using the official
White House - that was on purpose
yeah exactly basically she knew like her
own account wouldn't create as much of a
storm yep here in Oklahoma roll
progressive oke I was working for a
progressive who was a Bernie Kratt
running in the Congress here in Hokies
fifth district the day before the
election he was caught dismantling the
yard sands of another candidate so I had
to resign from the campaign the
establishment candidate getting over
40-plus percent and they don't really
stand for anything and don't support
single-payer the establishment can't
progressive candidate will be going to
the run off together in August
I don't I don't I don't know if I follow
that but okay
Leon get incise am quick update on
what's happening across the pond hold on
one second okay let me just read this
one thing I'll get back to the phones in
a second
Leon get ins quick update on what's
happening across the pond as you know
Donnie small hands is coming to this
great city of London and people have
been really organized and make sure he's
hears and feels the anger Oliver that's
been done especially the separation
children fortunately states fighting
back in the last month or two my
students who happen to be the most vocal
and politically active were arrested
while attending a meeting that was
organizing demonstrations against Trump
they were charged with a conspiracy to
breach the peace and banned from
attending any demonstration for the next
two years holy crap that's what happens
when you don't have a First Amendment in
that country although here they're just
a lot more sort of like less formal
about it we're just gonna harass you and
throw you in jail for a night or two and
then you know who knows what could
happen
this Tory government is really trying
not to piss off Trump so they can
hopefully get some sort of trade deal
after brexit and they really want to
keep the demos to a minimum pray that
Trump doesn't get the hump but a bit
like the banks the demos are gonna be
too big to fail Leon of London good luck
with that let's go to the phones come
from a 509 area code who's this where
you come from Oh Ronald Reagan could you
make yourself own sound worse hold on
yeah probably can you hear me
yes are you on a speakerphone inside of
a forklift
that's it sounds like you're in some
type of like happy medically heavy yeah
that's a little bit Reza what's going on
okay um well I decided to call you even
though
I find you generally uninteresting and
culturally irrelevant appreciate that
nevertheless I got called out by some
other people at the Dave Rubin show they
said I was unfair and they said that you
and progressives alike don't have the
balls to debate them isn't that guy
going to call in I keep I keep waiting
for his call
well the guy who said you don't have the
balls right i DM to him I said hey you
know just let me know when you call in
and I'll I'll see what I can do to get
you to the front of the line and he said
that he'd actually uninterested in
debating you because he finds you
uninteresting and culturally irrelevant
so but why do you think you do have the
bald now right
I guess maybe but and that's because I
have no balls had I had balls like maybe
I would be more culturally relevant I
understand I understand you know I have
to say now wrong way ventricular listen
I know that you're friendly with this
guy you've obviously been going back and
forth I have to say that I'm a little
skeptical when I hear something like
that I'm a little skeptical about how
sincere the guy is it sounds more like
to me that he might be afraid to debate
rather than me being culturally
irrelevant I don't know it could be I
wanted to I've got two things to say
okay so the first would be on this
late-breaking news which is superbly
depressing about Justice Kennedy you
know there's obviously big things that
that the courts decide obviously like
abortion or gay marriage but I would
also say as a practicing lawyer I have a
lot agree I don't know if you know that
but I'm where every day I get a Alexis
email sent to me with Ninth Circuit
decisions on immigration issues which is
just one narrow slice of the decisions
that are made there is also decisions on
things like Social Security disability
or you know whatever criminal law all
types of laws and issues
and everyday there's hundreds of
decisions coming down throughout the
country from these circuit courts and
each decision has the potential to
affect hundreds or thousands of lives
and there are things that you don't hear
about on the news because they're not
big or sexy stories usually and so it's
not just Kennedy but it's this sort of
unrelenting assault on the judiciary and
the fact that he's been able to appoint
so many judges record number of judges
at this time in his administration that
he has been able to point to the federal
judiciary which are lifetime
appointments right and that's gonna
hamstring activists and people in ways
that we don't even see coming and so my
point is you sound a little depressed
about Anthony Kennedy but you should
actually be much more depressed so I
appreciate that thank you for the card
one other thing it I'm not sure if I'm
quite being depressing enough and so
I've been getting a lot of calls today I
live in Central Washington and a little
ways from here there's an area if you
drive through Central Washington it's
all very agricultural and every five
miles or so you'll just be out on a
country road there will be a sign in
Spanish saying you know Pickers needed
workers needed help needed
you know big wooden signs hand painted
and almost never in English always in
Spanish and there's little communities
that are you know mostly Hispanic or
people who live on the actual farms and
do this work and I got so these are
mostly my clients I got I've been
receiving a lot of calls today that Isis
set up roadblocks out in this very rural
area you know blocking people from
leaving the farms that they're working
on and just going through and asking for
papers she's and loading people onto
buses to be processed
and I think it's an important point you
know this stuff besides being cruel and
unusual it's also bad for our economy
but you know this is the agency that was
created like post 9/11 9/11 I don't know
you used to be sort of unclear on
whether you thought 9/11 was a tragedy
you cleared that up a few years ago
9/11 was a tragedy and we should try and
prevent other 911s like there's a real
there's real work there to be done on
preventing terror attacks human
trafficking these sorts of things
these actions whether it's separating
kids at the border or just sifting
through farmworkers to find people who
are undocumented they don't at all in
any way move the ball towards getting us
to the goal of being safe and and in
fact it it cuts the opposite way you
know well I made this point on the show
before I guess but law enforcement is a
finite resource for every bus of people
you're loading up you've got officers
and resources that aren't being used
zero-sum game the top zero-sum gall
d'etat all right for all the talk of
ms-13 and and these scary things I don't
see a lot of work being done you know to
actually keep us safe so stuff is is
talked up right now but yeah well thank
you I appreciate your calling in to tell
us that Ronald that was very kind of you
yes if I've got more bad news I'll call
back tomorrow thank you we will put you
on the bad news hotline Ronald Reagan
