[Music]
Johnny Ramone with fam Peeta the destiny
of America is
safer in the hands of the people than in
the conference rooms of any elite
they are unanimous in their hate for me
and I love that hatred we must guard
against the acquisition of unwarranted
influence whether sought or unsought by
the military-industrial complex so much
our day report with sam cedar
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Monday October I apologize
October 22nd 2018 my name is Michael
Brooks this is the five-time
award-winning majority report on a
Michael Sam Monday on on today's program
we have a brand new interview that Sam
conducted with Anand Jude artists dear
Dardis author of winner-take-all on our
age of extreme unequal outcomes this was
recorded on Friday and then we've got a
bunch of stories to get to in the fun
half Jamal khashoggi the Saudis have a
new version of an increasingly bizarre
but actually you should be expecting a
story from the Saudi monarchy as
president air Dewan promises to reveal
everything within 48 hours which is a
good negotiating tactic forever whatever
he wants from the Saudis in the next 48
hours bolson ro committed apparently
through a slush fund mass voter illegal
voting tactics through fake news spread
on whatsapp you expect better from your
fascists you expect better from your
fascist you also might expect better
from I don't know what's up parent
company Facebook which I thought just
set up a warm room to deal with these
sorts of things apparently not for
Brazil I guess John testers race is
tightening up he might be susceptible to
a Republican challenge in Montana as
Democrats maintain a national edge and
Donald Trump circles in on the core
Republican brand proposition white
identity politics fear and racism as he
lies and lies and lies and lies about
that caravan of asylum seekers at the
Guatemalan and Mexican border Fox
and the Republicans are going back home
in an attempt to stave off a blue wave
in the midterms plus Tucker Carlson
we're gonna get into the Carlson
methodology you'll never guess what
Republican congressman Jason Lewis is
attempting to suppress and public
Richard Oh Jetta releases another great
ad which could point the way for the
future of how to flip red states even as
I just got back from doing a little bit
of canvassing for expand Idaho an
excellent Medicaid expansion project
pulling a very well in deep red Idaho
did you get a cowboy hat out there Oh
next time I go out there I said I'm
gonna we're gonna I'm gonna get on a
Carhartt jacket cowboy hat and getting
goddamn yeah I'm ready to do that I like
that I actually I will i I want to go
back I want to go back to Idaho go west
young man I'll go back out west listen
ma'am understand listen to on your Alex
Jones and you're under educated but
think it was that I think you want some
goddamn health care is that matter you
learned that's what I said door-to-door
it's like you might be you may have a
linear family treat is strawbe I vow
that I did a bad George Bush impression
and I insulted people and fish Medicaid
I would really recommend that everybody
get out and do something like that
whether it's door-to-door I actually do
you know what I always say like phone
bank or go to a protest or you know
break a window now I'm just playing I
don't say break a window publicly but I
always sort of like put all of that
stuff out there but I would say there's
actually something super specifically
gratifying about going door-to-door
it's an incredibly educational it's it's
a good thing it'll do you good
particularly if you're feeling very
bleak it's like going online but in the
real world yeah which is better
got it like literally in every way shape
and form it is significantly better oh
yeah people tend to be nicer IRL people
are nicer IRL and they do tend to be
they're a little it's a little bit more
complex not everyone and also you will
have occasion like I will like I
remember and I I I actually think on
this show we're pretty good about kind
of not buying into that sort of really
basic nonsense of just like sort of you
know doing like basic market
segmentation with people like oh that
guy has like a you know a camouflage hat
and a beard so obviously he's some type
of far-right whatever and and I will say
like the firt one of the first houses we
went to and I didn't have that much time
because I was mainly there for something
else I wish I had more time well the
first house we went to sky in the yard
it definitely hit me I was like yeah
this dude he looks like a Republican and
he's just like you know gotta worry
about it I already voted for you guys
early and I Luke my friend who's
spearheading this whole thing and has
this incredible team around them was
like oh I'm just okay thank you and I'm
curious like you know what got you over
the edge
and the guys just like well I just
that's the type of thing I vote for I
want people have healthcare man yeah
play pretty simple right this is a
message that can transcend party I think
I think the guy was actually definitely
a Democrat but yes it's story I will
tell later it can transcend party but
that's for the fun half let's um let's
do a nice little contrast here because
it is it is actually time and I'm and
one of the reasons that we maybe we
don't bang on about this as much as I
really do assume that if you're watching
or listening to this show you're
registered to vote you're engaged in the
process you understand the severity of
the midterms you're going to go out and
vote for Democratic candidates you're
gonna find the leftmost candidates you
can vote for who can win and you're
gonna make it happen
from district attorney's races DA's
races are crucial I want to shout out a
candidate in the fun half as well I'll
get the information up she's running in
Suffolk County
atchoo sits that's a to Democrat race
but one of the Democrats is uh you know
Pro drug war and the other ones as a
real reformer so you know this one of
the very important race is the
gubernatorial race in Florida and not
just because in my estimation Andrew
Gilliam is a good candidate who does
provide something different again with
all the obvious caveats which I pretty
soon I'm just gonna stop listing these
it should go without saying that a guys
on the verge of potentially becoming
governor of Florida is not as left-wing
as I am this is not like I don't know
how much these sort of obvious things
bear repeating but he's running really
aggressively on health care
he's running aggressively on the
environment which we're going to hear in
a second and and neatly you should care
profoundly about voting rights which are
under assault nationally by the GOP and
very specifically in Georgia where
there's another huge gubernatorial race
with a great candidate in Stacey Abrams
and Brian camps whole Wars to suppress
the vote of people of color in and of
themselves they matter and they're gonna
play a huge role in 2020
for flipping a state like Florida out of
the Trump column so this race matters a
lot and I gotta tell you this is the
type of thing and this is me being super
superficial watch Andrew Gilliam talk
about climate the climate crisis and a
scientific approach to it and then look
at the Santa tsa's who's the Republican
candidate who is known for putting out a
creepy campaign commercial being a
bizarre Trump acolyte being on I believe
white supremists Facebook and internet
forums and and generally being a very
kind of awkward odd out of the
mainstream guy now I want you to take
this on two levels one is that Andrew
column is absolutely right about climate
and also if you just are observing this
on a body language level let's put on
our jordan Peterson spectacles I was
just having to talk about this guy for a
weekend which is kind of a nightmare but
which of these two do you think is the
head lobster in charge and the only way
that you could think that it's not
Andrew Gilliam
I am gonna have to pull out some some
race on you cuz I have no idea how
else you could read this look at this
well first what Florida voters need to
know is that when they elect me governor
they don't have a governor who believes
in science which we haven't had for
quite some time in this state I'm not
sure what is so California about
believing that the state of Florida
oughta leave in solar energy we're known
as the Sunshine State at the very least
what we can do is be a global leader
here we got to teach the other 49 states
of what to do and what it means to have
a state that quite frankly leans into
the challenges of the green economy in
bills one and at the same time bills and
economy that lasts I'm proud that the
same week that Donald Trump pulled out
of the Paris Accord I broke ground in my
city on a 120 acre solar farm tripling
the amount of solar energy that we
produce we're prepared to lead and we've
done so in my city and will do so for
the state that is one of the most
Awkward body language I've ever seen
yeah it looks like instant like a time
lapse of some guy getting sick to his
stomach it looks it's like it looks like
one guy is a confident leader speaking
urgently about the future and the other
guy is auditioning for a flown a sad you
have something else to play here no I
guess it's just the same clip but with
the identity governor they don't have I
have another theory about what we have
for quite some time and the Republicans
so I think the theory you know Gilliam
says the thing of oh man suddenly he
just stare into the void right he says
we believe in science right and that's
obviously we've been over this a few
times that's not really the point the
point is that Republicans are paid to
obfuscate science that's right but the
other thing is maybe there's another
reason why Republicans don't care about
climate change besides you know funding
which is that's that they are
cold-blooded reptilians because if you
look at his body language here it looks
like something out of the x-files known
as the Sunshine State at the very least
what we can do is be a
leader here we got to see other 49
states mouthing that quite frankly leans
into the challenges about child faith
and at the same time feels so what is I
like with your theory mixed with the
curb music I mean like he's like a
really my stress reptile
we got happily seems like not cut for
the job of being a shape-shifting
overlords like in the first scene of
Blade Runner when they're giving the guy
the replicate test and he just like
freaks out well that's a good call
except I love Blade Runner but isn't
it's because he's too human well the
thing about reptile brain Santos is the
opposite they're like dude you're the
santoses yet out of reptile DeSantis is
reacting he's in the unenviable position
of being sort of humanoid reptilian but
understanding having some allegiance to
humans and realizing that the human side
is all going to be cooked so makes you
think he's actually having some guilt I
think he's experiencing sort of
primitive emotions in his lizard brain
there's like friendly plastic what is
he's having like the equivalent of like
an acid trip which is just like
experiencing the shame of and horror of
what he's actually representing here I
did an ad where my son quoted from
Donald Trump's book what hath we wrought
Who am I why do I hate this nice
gentleman across from me it was a time
when I tried to listen to Public Enemy
let's talk about audible what would it
look like if we all listened more
listening to audiobooks motivate us
inspire us even bring us closer together
there's no place better to listen than
audible because now audible members get
even more exclusive audio fitness
programs audiobooks audio originals and
more audible has the largest selection
of audiobooks on the planet right now
with audible originals the selection has
gotten even more custom with content
made just for members every month
audible members get one one credit good
for
audiobook they choose plus two audible
originals from changing a selection that
they can't get and that they can't get
anywhere else
they also get access to audio fitness
and health workouts created exclusively
for audible plus your ebooks are yours
to keep with audible you can go back and
re-listen anytime even if you cancel
your membership didn't like your
audiobook exchange it no questions asked
Matlock obviously I've got to go to you
on this what's happening inaudible right
now what are you consuming at double
speed well actually today a new literary
hangover dropped where I go into the
mystic Massacre or as it's also known as
the Pequot War and in this in the the
research for that I found a book that
came out this summer who actually it
actually might be an interesting history
MRR sort of thing for majority report
but anyway it's called god warren
providence the epic struggle of Roger
Williams and the Narragansett Indians
against the Puritans of New England and
the title mentions the Narragansett
Indians but there's a really good
chapter on the Pequot of the massacre of
the Pequots they're really good reading
I highly recommend it that is the type
and range of things that you can get on
audible and of course in addition to all
of the bestsellers and amazing original
programs you can even get a super
specific really important and really
well-written history book like that
start a 30-day trial in your first audio
book is free go to audible.com slash
majority or text majority to 500 500
that's 500 or 5 5 0 0 5 0 0 that's
audible.com slash majority or text
majority to 500 500 you can do it with
audio books those are noise going
somewhere no it's not mine I always have
my ringer off it's ok big corporations
are getting rich from selling your data
and Congress has completely failed to
save net neutrality or protect
your online privacy now internet
providers and cable carriers like
Comcast and Verizon believe nas called
Comcast Digital Satan
it's my ad-lib mobile carriers like
Comcast and Verizon are free to restrict
websites spying your online activity or
sell your browsing history to
advertisers will help with connectivity
to help but with one-click Express VPN
shields your online activity from
Internet and mobile providers expressvpn
has easy-to-use apps that run seamlessly
in the background of your computer phone
and tablet expressvpn secures and
anonymizes your internet browsing
history by encrypting your data and
hiding your public IP address get
expressvpn for less than seven dollars a
month expressvpn is rated the number is
rated the number one VPN service by tech
raider and comes with a 30-day
money-back guarantee if you ever use
public Wi-Fi and you want to keep
hackers and spies from seeing your data
expressvpn is the solution I love it
I always emphasize it was incredibly
easy to install and use I'm not someone
who enjoys technology that's why Apple
is able to take advantage of me because
I don't like to deal with it have it
setup for me I'm allergic to installing
things this was incredibly easy to
install incredibly easy to put on my
computer and phone and now I know that
I'm not helping these companies stalk me
and stalk all of us we're doing a little
bit it's a little it's it's it's in
Douglas rushkoff phrase it's a little
pebble you're getting a little bit of
anonymity back plus it's a much much
funner way to use services video
streaming services and I'll just leave
it at that to take back your internet
privacy today and find out how to get
you can get three months free go to
expressvpn comm slash majority that's
expr e SS V P
dot-com / majority for three months free
with a one-year package visit expressvpn
dot-com / majority to learn more we are
gonna go in just a moment to Sam's
interview with an ond uninjured artists
on and giad artists on winner-take-all
[Music]
you
on the phone Anand Gear Dardis the
author of winners take all the elite
charade of changing the world
Anand thank you so much for coming on
the program it's great to be with you
all right so give us a sense of of what
went into researching this book
you-you-you sort of immersed yourself or
you did immerse yourself in a culture
just give us a sense of that to start
this am I was taken by the observation I
made that we live in this age of
profound elite generosity rich people
giving back at every turn signing The
Giving Pledge you know when you go to
the shopping mall you you see all these
products that you know give back shoes
that are going to give back tote bags
they're going to give back I phone cases
that are going to give back Bono is
invariably involved you know you go to
elite campuses today and every young
graduate has a scheme to start a social
enterprise that will somehow convert
recycled poop into coffee and you know
it's all it's all about helping and
giving back and saving Africa wherever
that is for for these folks and and and
more and at the same time this has been
an age of persistent maddening
inequality in the United States of
America and and the reality is working
people and middle class people have in
many cases not benefited at all from the
last 40 years of American economic
change and the gains of the you know
so-called fourth Industrial Revolution
digital revolution genomics the internet
etc has all but bypassed them we have a
situation in this country in the world
where eighty-two percent of all new
wealth created last year was cornered by
the same top 1% that so elaborately and
generously gives back and so I became
interested in the paradox of the super
elite we talked about giving back who
talked about building companies that you
know inherently empower the masses and
create community that talk about
building social enterprises that that
sort of solve problems through the
mechanism of business rather than
government and I became interested in
how those very same people who are
helping are also hoarding and I as you
say immersed myself in their world I'm
kind of in terms of my approach and
writing a kind of portrait artist and I
spend time with people and try to
understand the world as they see it and
I decided to spend time in their world
for a couple years to to make sense of
how those who claim to be changing the
world from the top change it in ways
that fundamentally keep it the same and
keep themselves on top and and and did
you have exposure to this world
beforehand I mean this because on some
level right there's a quality of yeah I
feel like 15-20 years ago we would have
called this whitewashing right at least
in terms of of watching or greenwashing
depending on what the the company was
right but this is this is I guess
different because we're living in an age
