let's go - do you remember how on Monday
I believe we were talking about this
brilliant guy named the steak doctor he
was a friend of Sam's actually I'm just
kidding
name is Willie Degel and he was he was
part of like Fox News kind of taps this
sort of like New York scumbag network it
sort of seems like some anchor a
producer or something goes to some like
bad Steakhouse in Midtown and they're
like hey the proprietor looks like a
total scumbag
he probably opposes paying people a
higher wage why don't we just book him
in a morning block and he'll uh you know
explain why like I don't know
Millennials are entitled because they
don't want to like work while they have
pneumonia they don't think of themselves
as servants yeah they don't think of
themselves as servants anymore and you
know you got a nice ten minutes out of
it and it kind of looks like an extra on
Goodfellas or something so we played
this brilliant segment and we played
this great segment the other day of
Willie Degel explaining the entitlement
mentality and we were so fascinated by
this guy that in fact we're
contemplating actually taking a trip to
what is it uncle Jack's we're
contemplating taking a trip to the steak
house a couple of people sent me the
reviews of his new one that's opened in
Astoria there's a lot of bad Yelp
reviews and he actually now as a result
of the increase in New York City's wages
he now adds I think five percent to the
bill and calls it like a something like
a wage increase charge so yeah and I
think he'll get to it so we've got a cut
we found a couple of other things about
this guy deagle which we're gonna get to
but here is another great appearance of
them when did this take place with Maria
Bartiromo
last year this is from last year he's
talking with Maria Bartiromo he's
talking about how the you know the
minimum wage is is like super unfair and
he also has a very interesting theory
about the Cuomo family and its
relationship to pizza Ria's and pasta
joints and how it might reflect in there
policymaking you guys are gonna really
want to check this out for joining us
first let's talk about the minimum wage
no minimum wage has gone up in 18 states
states this year I love you see I love
it already he's already like thanks I
got it I got it Maria oh my god this
brother we're having fun we're having
good times wage has gone up in 18 states
states this year it's crushed us so it's
not just this year it's been minimum
wage increases the last three to four
years on the restaurant industry we
employ a lot of people the restaurant
hospitality industry takes a lot of
people to perform our show so it's
basically crushing us it's taking our
profits and they're disappearing Wow
what are you gonna do about it well I'm
thinking about coming up with a set date
I have two alternatives a 5% fair wage
fee put on every check and only
recommending a 15% gratuity because the
front-of-the-house have gotten so many
increases and the back of house has it
so what deposit I'm sorry so he
literally and I believe I don't know I
heard I read in the yelp reviews that he
did there is this five percent wage fee
increase the so he did follow through
with that I don't know if he added thee
don't above 15% because all of the
people like struggling to make a living
of my stupid steak houses are getting
paid way too much I mean you know if
you're making like I don't even know
what is it like 15 10 10 15 bucks an
hour in New York you are like I mean I'm
surprised that his waitstaff isn't just
partying at Cipriani commuting for a
long distance away ya know you're no
you're not coming from you were living
like a high-rise in Midtown for $12 now
how are you living large in New York I
mean how much more money can these
people take yeah the Shogun's that was
real yeah accurate reflection of what
it's like to be one person the only part
of friends that wasn't real was that
they all should have had jobs as
waitstaff at a steak house no that would
have been more on point all right go
ahead
someone could understand it we're not
taking more from them we're just tipping
the guest let I mean that's the staff
being out there getting so many raise
increases to pay your employees more
because the minimum wage is going up and
that's the law something's got to give
the money's got to come from somewhere
so you'll raise prices somewhere homo
was never in the restaurant business too
bad his family didn't come from a pasta
or pizza riah business and he would
understand it a little bit maybe even
like the business it was every movie
makes he's killing us right so he's
looking to even do away this is
anti-italian discrimination well then
you have the Fair Family Leave Act so
much administrative work has been put on
the small business today in this city
you need a full-time lawyer full-time
human resource where administration
people fees across the board all the
different services we offer people
OpenTable different apps Wi-Fi it's all
cry card processing fees are up to three
point five things going well we're
serving people the American Grill the
The Meat House concept I reinvented this
steak house so you could come get your
meat on could still afford to get his
tips frosted so I think he's probably
doing fine trying to subside like Wi-Fi
yeah I look like it when he goes after
Cuomo and Italians like talking about
pizzeria and pasta joints and Maria
Bartiromo Slyke you're talking to an
italian-american really about the Romans
like home family is in the restaurant
business he goes are baby they're haters
money's got to come from somewhere so if
you had already thought to yourself hey
this guy seems like a sort of like extra
and The Sopranos who maybe Tony hugs in
one scene and then kicks out of the bada
bing later you're onto something because
in the course of our research it appears
that and this is from a 1956 New York
Times article
a mr. William deagle later to be known
as the steak doctor and a foremost
expert for all Fox News properties
apparently on why we can't paint people
any type of remotely living wage in the
most unequal era in human history and in
the wealthiest city in arguably the
planet
this guy was involved in an altercation
at a White Castle restaurant in Bayside
Queens
mr. deagle and a Fred
mr. often were approached by police
officers because they were of cattle
they were harassing staff at a a White
Castle in Queens now his friend mr.
often actually attacked the police
officer and hit the man repeatedly in
the face causing a series of injuries
that required several uh several serious
injuries and required surgery in several
months of the heal later on mr. deagle
would be charged with three other men in
a credit card fraud ring during the
federal investigation of that case court
records showed investigators are trying
to convince mr. often to testify against
the defendants including mr. deagle
those same records show that an taped
conversation Secret Service agents
threatened to charge mr. often the case
he did not cooperate against the other
defendants but I believe it was mr.
deagle that ended up actually testifying
right this is on his now this from not
from the Times article this is on
Wikipedia
he was key was sentenced to five years
in prison but released after six months
after a plea deal his witness testimony
against his co-conspirators helped the
government prosecution leading to the
incarceration of Gambino crime family
mobster Louis Ferrante and in 2005 he
was named one of cranes 1414 order to
follow that in New York City
Louis Ferrante went to prison and has
apparently reformed now and wrote a
romance novel about the antebellum South
I'm sure it's super woke I I'm sure it's
just not only woke but also incredibly
well-written
I and so and mr. deagle so basically to
just sort of sum up he's a Renaissance
man this guy Willie Degel who is like
the go-to for Fox's explanation of why
people whose work some of the most
thankless jobs in the country and can
barely survive even with these increases
shouldn't get anything because he's a
scumbag restaurateur who has added a
charge on to his customers precisely
because he has to pay marginally more
money to people who work these jobs
under him he's talking openly about
encouraging lower tips on his employees
and he has a background in seeing people
at Bayside Queens White Castle which is
literally the most scumbag thing I've
ever read in print and was involved in a
credit-card ring uh and I and and
apparently connected to a former Gambino
family mobster and this is who kill me
it's like yeah are killing you and riot
and and Bartiromo is also like one of
trumps favorite anchors so if you ever
watched like Goodfellas and you thought
like I would really like these people -
a couple of just like actual acts of
violence to just be in charge of
everything in my media and political
life nailed it it's here uh we by the
way Trump's a fan at this
I'm sure champion Trump is a fan of
Willie Degel you mean he likes to get
his meat on he likes - enough to give I
mean yeah that's a great point
Trump visits uncle Jack's steakhouse
this is from a piece in The New Yorker I
don't remember every morning Willie
Degel the propriety of uncle Jack's
steakhouse down West 56th Street less
than an Avenue away from chunk tower has
a blunt conversation with his mirror do
we have the video of this where he's
psyching himself up in the mirror what
all right I think we're gonna just play
this to finish our journey with Willie
Degel to be resist so this is how Willie
Degel the stake doctor pumps himself up
to start his day everybody in the office
actually has started this routine as
well what is it
everybody's passing all these labor
increases following minimum wage to go
from 750 to 15,000 five year period then
they've taken a front of house waitstaff
which is 75 years listen this is an
amazing place and took them from five
dollars to 750 and they're moving them
to ten increase in labor well where does
that come from
how can anyone afford that in any
business and what you think that you're
entitled to your credit card number and
for me to not copy it and use it in a
scam with the Gambino families because
it's an entitlement society all right
here's how the steak doctor works
himself up in the morning 8 cows New
York's toughest Steakhouse boss there is
I used to wake up to look in the mirror
and say who's the man I say I'm the man
now this is me I'm gonna win win win win
win I want the best all the time I want
to get better I need to feel more rested
with my Empire what a customer one steak
one martini at a time every item has to
be the freshest the best money can buy
we serve 200 I love steak here all day
lunch and dinner like it was nothing
Trump comes in he's a regular yeah what
are my employees think about me I really
don't know you could talk to any one of
them anytime you want they're able to
say whatever they really truly feel that
I have some really good stories about
Willie but I really can't repeat them on
camera unfortunately I don't want to say
the demo
my foot okay tell me okay my luck with
it
24-hour surveillance at all times and
all use of restaurants Willie can see
Wow okay so yeah somebody added that
some night we don't know that but yeah
we don't know yeah we it yeah that
appears like that was an add-on sort of
joke but uh Wow so basically just to
reiterate uh
when what small when business owners go
on TV they're not sending their best
they're sending people that used to be
involved in the Gambino family
about our ratting on them who constantly
complain about their employees making
any money they're not good people I'm
sure some of them are nice but when they
go on TV not sending their best even
Trump saw that clip and was like calm
down Willie can we go back to his
interaction with the police for a second
because I read that Adolphe read article
about how it's not enough it's not gonna
be enough to simply have an equally
proportionate number of white people and
black people be murdered by the cops and
I agree with that the cops shouldn't
matter anyone and yet Oh careful I don't
know anymore
I think it is I think it I would I would
definitely say whoever the black analog
is to this guy did not could not have
the same like yeah man I'm just
harassing somebody a White Castle now my
friends gonna knock your face
out I mean up until now he's escaped
poetic justice got criminal entirely but
yeah a lot of different strains of Jeff
there's a lot of Justice that Willie's
evaded okay said you know Willie Degel
is still involved with certain people
but this message so Willie that's
Wikipedia I think you're great
I would like I'd love to do some
business with you sometime like some
coupons I don't want to do business with
you but I will go to the steakhouse and
I would just like the saying it until
Michael is what I'm saying
yeah Brendan's a lot easier to kill it
just even in terms of like body disposal
but um I'm
it is Jack I don't know you're faster I
don't know about that I don't know we'll
see we'll see when deagles goons are
just kill Matt he's playing video games
and choking on bongs researching what it
told you when I'm at red no guy yeah but
he's the reason that we even know this
stuff Willy and Jamie doesn't respect
Stern kill her house is the king of all
video bababooey buff calling from an 8
to 3 just an unbelievable I've together
he's got at restaurants like that that's
actually great but you really want to go
on TV and be like one of America's like
chief scumbag cheerleaders against you
know like a marginal raging freeze for
your work when you have at your own work
culture we have a documented history of
already harassing like restaurant
employees like going back to the
nineties this guy was like at a White
Castle and bass Isaac you know what if
what if I owned the place then I could
get kicked out if I harassed them you
know in the end he's only gonna help us
to wage this class war and convince
people that these people need to go
that's exactly right so similarly to
Wyatt Koch Willy keep doing what you're
doing brother you're calling in terms of
going on TV hi folks Sam cedar here we
still need your help on our patreon page
YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
