you're calling from a 908 area code who
are you where you calling from is it up
talked about George hello sorry you got
to start again man you're you're you
were down sorry about that go ahead
all right good um so I noticed you guys
hadn't talked about Jordan Peterson in a
while mm-hmm
you know sometimes when I really want to
raise my blood pressure I go on his
Twitter because um it's full of just his
 like propaganda talking points
and yeah retreat' wheats who he claims
you know he's not endorsing them but
they all just happen to be like these
right wing like Prager you and just
comes you know all these other
propaganda outlets yeah but he's not
endorsing them he's just retweeting only
right-wingers for some reason um and
recently he's gone on like an anti
climate change like a week ago he he
retweeted Creager you and he was like
something for the anti-capitalist
environmentalists day and it was a link
to a Prager u video about climate change
um and then he was also trying to deny
that the recent wildfires in California
have anything to do with manmade climate
change okay prove it yeah yeah so yeah
so do you want do you want us to tee off
on this or did you have a point I mean
other than the fact that like look the
dude is a far-right self-help shaman his
original claim to fame was saying that
trans people wanting their pronoun to
specify their pronouns were like a
Marxist plot he's a reactionary
fascist
like yeah like he says may caracal
that's the truth I mean I don't know I
mean I think that look I've said and you
know I think there's conditions on the
ground social economic so on that
sometimes these people and I think maybe
particularly Jordan and Peterson speak
to that if we dismiss or don't contend
with we're making a real mistake and I
don't just want to play culture war
games with him that being said he's a
far-right gender essentialist with
insane conspiracy theories about how the
world works like he's a nutcase I mean
what Matt just said is literally what he
said like that got a committed salary
that's insane and he lot yeah
and he you know what again I'll be super
careful and and generous about this I
don't know if he lied
maybe he's so hysterical he didn't
understand it right like I don't know
but his public presentation of the law
of that law was wrong was not what was
in the law and he is quite I mean he's
in he's literally a hysteric I mean have
you watched him speak I mean oh yeah I
mean Rhys about you know how beautiful
like mid arc ISM is well look whatever
this guy's not it this way on this show
and I mean maybe honestly maybe in a
healthier culture there would be more
you know sort of room for people to you
know express more of their emotions
publicly maybe although I'm hesitant but
on this show every single day we deal
with topics that are real like actual
things that are happening to human
beings they're horrible emerging threats
like even just the conversation with
happening in Brazil from an imprisonment
to of a very good political leader to
the destruction to putting people back
into hunger and poverty it's disgusting
it's wrong and you have never know yeah
any of us have breakdowns like that
this guy is on YouTube sobbing about
snowball fights okay that's a way what
I'm not an actual thing I don't even
know maybe I'm conflating yeah he's
saying that his son not allowed to throw
snowballs at school is you know making
men into like but maybe he wasn't crying
during that one my point being is that
the guy is a is a hysteric
anyways Brendan what did you bring up I
just wanted to bring up this map from
his book in 1999 there yeah maps of
meaning this was a diagram oh yeah and
like this is I don't want to you know be
able this or anything but like if this
is like a published academic like a
serious guy you have to have some
questions I can't make heads or tails
well it's funny because there's that
famous example of some engineer
something putting something into a
postmodern journal saying and it was all
made up and look like you this published
and the right just loves to like use
that as a cudgel against post-modernism
this is that this this should not have
made it past peer review it's
ludicrous right or even or as I always
kind of try to say is like splitting it
like look I think that I think Jungian
ideas can be interesting I think some of
the things that he maybe says about
self-help or fine the guy should not be
talking about politics and in fact oh
yeah the project of trying to naturalize
Jungian thought in evolutionary biology
is not only is it wrong it's a dangerous
mixing of two worlds right like if you
were to say there's like an imaginative
space that deals with subjective
realities and might have insight about
how we conduct and lead our lives I
actually agree with that then to turn
around and say that actually there's
this field of evolutionary biology which
not in like the proper scientific sense
but all of the people who try to do you
know books of like well the reason that
we shop like this is because you know
Apes back in the savanna or whatever
that's an interesting speculative I
sighs that is not the same thing as like
you know the science of how like BIOS
systems work right so it's actually more
supportive than people would would would
suggest and you know he's trying to
synchronize both of those things he's
trying to suggest that evolution and
biology shows that essentialist
categories are real which has very
damaging political justify and justified
exactly and then then all of these like
mythological tropes are encoded and
confirmed by biology and that is the
political project of the fart of a far
right just like almost necessarily and
also it's it's I'm trying to think of a
diplomatic way to say it it's very very
shaky well and it's like the thing where
he's like with Jim Jeffries oh my bad I
didn't think about that the thing is is
guess what yeah it's the hole right oh
my god
yes embarrass um and and the thing is is
like there are people that come to turn
on the video like why are you guys going
after this guy because he admitted he
was wrong
guess what he doesn't admit he was wrong
in he doesn't usually talk in on
platforms that will challenge him about
that and he says like that
all the time reactionary just far-right
crap that there aren't people to
challenge them on because they don't
care - that's that's what the IDW is
it's a it's a safety chamber for people
who don't want to be challenged on
specific conversations that the left
likes to have precisely and also I'm
sorry yeah I euro you have man you've
had the savvy and the ability which
Jordan Peterson undoubtedly does to get
yourself in a position where you're
being called the most important
intellectual in the world today and a
great degree of what you talk about is
these hysterical theories and ideas you
have about the left that sound like
things that are from the John Birch
Society in the 60s and when somebody
gets specific on something that should
be the least controversial area of
American life like the idea that the
Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights
Act are like correct and appropriate and
necessary should be sky is blue stuff
and you at first kind of imply that you
don't agree with those things and then
when you're given a totally obvious
example you do change your position and
get to the right place but that's I mean
that's embarrassing and ridiculous like
you should at the very least speaking of
you know clean your room terms you
should have the humility to say like
maybe I shouldn't be a global political
pundit if I don't even know the basic
right of of a of a ninth grade civics
level understanding of how he
established equal rights in the United
States
maybe you should just shut up about some
things okay I'm willing to not talk
about the intricacies of you know but
dragons mean and people's dreamscape or
whatever the Jordan Peterson knows
that I'm doing okay Bill Maher wants you
to fly out to LA to talk about that
actually right right true in which case
I will do that I take that back I'll
better brush up on that I guess that
would be really funny to do the version
of like I guess you were right dragons
do represent the penis might be new rule
new rule okay Michael Brooks is gonna
talk about dragons he has to at least
read a young intro book okay the other
thing you notice about Peterson is how
he tells the left and left just to you
know grow up you're fighting god you're
not really mad at the system you're mad
at God but then when you talk about the
right and Trump's of barczyk well maybe
they're wrong but what happens if you
don't listen to them then they'll get
upset because writers you're mad at God
but they're mad at Ronnies yeah that's
great you we're angry at a thing that is
you know actually use I don't you know I
can't keep going the guy is the guy the
client at this point it's a major still
a major influence in culture but I mean
the game matt says of all of these
people you know it's ridiculous like
they are what they are of course he put
course he tweeted out climate change
denial because he's a right-wing pundit
yeah no I I was like one of these people
though that at first like when he was
like when he
first came on the stage I I didn't
really watched that video with the
trainees and and I thought like for
whatever reason I I thought he was right
about that law so I thought okay maybe
this guy like is somewhat arguing in
good faith but you know I realized kind
of quickly that obviously he has
invested interest in being a right-wing
 and dude let me just say that I'm
a rule of thumb is that any person I'm
sorry to interrupt but that there are
criticisms of campus and like there's a
vital debate going on and any person
that has a good faith criticism uh is
from the left any personal not from your
left harnessing those talking points is
just either transphobic or far-right or
wants to introduce their own actual
codes controlling speech on campuses
fascists know that like they see the
left giving us saying like hey we should
universalize health care nationalize
Facebook and they think well if they can
say that I should be able to say my
about the ethno state and there's
there's two scenarios that will happen
one is Otis continued and Twitter will
OLM continue spreading racist propaganda
or they'll harm free speech for everyone
and the left will get taken down with
them that's it's a win-win for them
that's why it's this is why this is such
a difficult area to be in it's difficult
but a good rule of thumb where I you
assume the opposite this is another
silly
IDW trope which they don't follow
themselves but assume the worst of
intentions okay like that's the reason I
called Jordan Peterson early when I
first saw him I was like I don't know
anything about this bill frankly okay
and you know what to be honest with you
yes if there was literally a bill in
Canada that said if you misgender
somebody you go to jail for five years
he I to pose that okay
fair enough but I said huh there's a
hysterical professor ranting about
gender identity and campuses hmm
I'm gonna assume the worst about him and
that has been righted across the board
yep
yeah I've definitely learned that lesson
over the past two years I kind of used
to be part of that whole like free
speech absolutism the crowd but I don't
know all this
Trump fascist Turning Point USA
has really maybe changed my mind over
the past year I would say a year and a
half it's definitely thrown into stark
relief and I think people like Sam
Harris really don't like that like if I
was like think of how much better be
them if Hillary was present I'll be
great cuz then Jenna could just oh yeah
cuz I mean his whole double
game and even in the hysteria and by the
way there's sent this new data showing
that actually the only people who ever
actually do in a functional sense get
punished by for their speech on college
campuses are massively
disproportionately from the left but
like yeah what a shock right of course
but I mean yeah I mean look yes
it's been shown it's been thrown into
stark relief and I think that it's it's
actually helpful because I think people
like you who you know are actually
interested in these things and might you
know have some concerns about free
speech and so on which I think are
totally I think are valid you're seeing
that this is a con and a shell game and
a Trojan horse for fascism and the rest
of them are you know being like yeah
there's this new piece from Prager about
why it's you don't climate change is
real it's what we said earlier most
people aren't in for that
yeah like Kanye might say some really
troubling things about slavery he's not
gonna be down with hanging out
with Charlie Kirk for a sustained amount
of period well just on a like ideology
it's an extent that it exists in Kanye
right the people don't naturally like
this right I think that's true I'm
sorry you had a final point to make man
oh no yeah I mean I was just like gonna
preface this with like the main reason I
called this just because nine serious
points just that is Twitter is just if
you're if you're ever in the mood to get
mad you should go on its Twitter and
blog or laugh all right
oh yeah appreciate it now there is
another group of people that is
extremely concerned about the war on
free speech particularly in Canada and
the repression of Jordan Peterson and
that is of course the the Saudi Arabia
the Saudi owned Al Arabia I believe it's
a website news website has referenced I
don't know who the other dude is Denis
Court I don't know who that dude is but
Jordan Peterson has been identified by
Al Arabia as a prisoner of conscience
and cancer due to the recent diplomatic
spat between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
in the state of Canada in the country in
the nation state of Canada I think that
the Saudis have given Jordan Peterson an
enormous compliment here because clearly
to me in this guy is kind of megalomania
and fantasies I think a part of him
wants this like I do think that Jordan
Peterson on some level would love if one
day he woke up and he was looks like
[Music]
baking cookies
[Music]
Queens and then all of a sudden he's
getting to it and then BOOM through the
door a sandal wearing pink attire Justin
Trudeau is standing there flanked by two
transgender security guards and they say
it's time to go to jail Jordan you've
been triggering a lot of people around
here and we don't take it anymore in our
new a Maoist gay country or whatever it
would be called and Jordan Peterson has
taken off to a prison which are
surrounded by gender-neutral walls and
given a sort of
clockwork orange' style reeducation
process where he becomes not a man I
think a part of him craves this so he
could write his sullen eats in manifesto
in that gender-neutral wall and his sort
of manifesto against I don't know like
Maoist trans whatever the so the
Saudis are sort of giving him their
they're giving them a little bit more
credit but I think if I could speculate
I think that they are revealing Jordans
subconscious if I may rank art is
apparently a climate crank okay that
sounds about right now Saudis have a lot
to recommend here you got woman should
shut the up
climate change isn't real sounds good
this is just from a cursory glance but
looks like he got suspended for giving
all of his ring court this is right all
of his students a pluses one semester
and the students used it I think
probably is an excuse to take him out
because of his climate dumbness so you
know prisoner of conscience great
exactly yeah exactly
both really were in jail ring court was
on one wall writing about why fossil
fuels actually helped fauna grow and I
was on the other wall writing about why
it's hilarious that they picked those
two issues beautiful I wish Trudeau
through both them in prison for what
they're up to
yeah Trudeau threw balls at him in
prison he got himself a shout out T MBS
in like some called prison in like
northern Manitoba Yellowknife that'd be
amazing
Trudeau's just like work on your soul
and eat some cover album now you
lose or any time to write the intro yeah
buddy yeah it won't all just be in your
fantasy life and delusions of grandeur
and anymore are you you won't
you won't have to you won't have to talk
about how you sat in Canada watchin
America become the world's number one
incarcerate while you read Xander so
listen about how bad Russia is
you see because as far as I could see it
I was always a little confused because I
mean obviously secretly I'm a major
communist and I thought Solan Eton was
bourgeoisie trash but I will say this at
least he was like in Siberia and whatnot
cuz I thought well you were whining you
were flying off to LA to do rogen so I
was confused but I think now we can help
you out here Stalin made a lot of the
gulag prisoners go do media appearances
Stalin looks like a big part of
suppressing you is making sure that you
have daily radio hits and your newspaper
columns are in every single we're
sending you to China we got it that
relationship is not going it I
think Stalin's gonna send me in a press
blitz to China which means I'm totally
out
