uh.okay
look where to begin I'm just gonna say
part of the reason that Sam Harris has
always bothered me so much is that if
you look at the pattern this is going
back several years when I always had a
problem with and now it's become a lot
more stark because when you get into
race quote-unquote science this isn't
much you know that hits most Americans a
little bit more viscerally but all of
the anti-muslim and all of the
thought experiments about you know
dropping a nuclear weapon on Muslim
world and all of this nonsense
the same pattern of policy illiterate
aggressive a history a historical
approach any reactionary bent which when
he is cornered he retreats to usually
either bizarre obsessive self-defense or
just stating truisms and I think this
debate with Ezra Klein revealed a lot
about Sam Harris
and will start and and this is also it's
inescapable because you you can't not
talk at this point about this guy's
psycho emotional issues I'm not gonna do
an amateur diagnosis and I'm not trying
to take a cheap cheap shot here but if
you listen to this show with Ezra Klein
and you can hear it as anything other
than a sort of controlled outburst and
to our act of projection and hysteria I
don't know what else you're listening to
let's just run through some of the sound
clips from this exchange with Ezra Klein
there is what you would call confusion
here I do think it's just important to
say this I have not criticized you and I
continue to nod for having the
conversation I've criticized you for
having the conversation without dealing
with and extend and separating it out
and thinking through the context and the
weight of American history on it not the
way we are the way our American whose
weight of American history money
irrelevant to know it can't possibly be
irrelevant but even you admitted
Superman the only thing
that is relevant so yes but that that
part of the conversation has been had
you don't have to talk you don't have to
talk about slavery you don't have to
talk about these specific and justices
in the past to have a conversation about
the environmental factors that very
likely keep people back so okay here
what's really interesting and the reason
that we want to isolate this is first of
all that's actually the most honest
distillation of Sam Harris's philosophy
and I'm sure that people gonna say it's
taken out of context or whatever but to
the extent that we have human context
and you hear that bracketed and how he
intervene there so Sam didn't say I
would be completely delusional
to say and then we clipped it out okay
you heard how he said that and in the
context in it so ironically the guy is a
total idealist and not an empiricist he
literally thinks and you see this with
religion that abstractions and ideas
exist almost in a platonic form outside
of history during most of the
conversation he's on one hand saying
that Charles Murray who's an incredibly
well compensated and profoundly
influential policy entrepreneur who's
written multiple best-selling books
who's won prizes who's appeared in
almost major every major news outlet in
the country whose books are multi -
reviewed endless times in new york times
he's been on everything from ABC news to
bill maher that this guy is oppressed
because some kids protested him okay
while not doing that he's then also
basically saying like I don't agree
necessarily with Murray's policy
prescriptions even though the whole
point of Murray's work is his policy
prescriptions been quite influential and
if you look at the bell curve he
actually literally talks about the
policy of disincentives that needs to be
created from having quote unquote stupid
mothers having children because of this
genetic determinism at the same time
while begging from Murray
he actually echoes Murray's core
argument there which is that even by the
1970s
charles murray first came on the scene
he was saying that race and IQ could be
completely disconnected from environment
because Jim Crow and legal segregation
was over which in Murray's case fits
with his far-right politics and I would
say yes indeed racism in Harris's case
Harris is so delusional and disconnected
from any broader understanding of how
the world works that yes and his
personal normative sense he's not a
racist but he becomes a active agent of
racism through this attitude what's the
next clip we have this is where they
talk about the Flynn what Flynn told
well this is interesting because you'll
hear in this exchange it's kind of
unbelievable but I just want to
stipulate in the interest of
intellectual fairness that in the past
Sam has said that apparently like race
and IQ although he does seem to now have
a big interest in this although he's not
particularly interested in the field he
doesn't include sort of he doesn't rule
out the possibility that there are
things like psychic phenomenon so it is
possible that even though Ezra Klein is
quoting Flynn James Flynn and even
though James Flynn is confirming what
Ezra is saying that Sam Harris actually
has a karmic cyant a psychic connection
to James Flynn which he's developed
through meditation which allows him to
understand that what Ezra is saying
about what James Flynn said to Ezra on
the phone is wrong let's check this out
you say that it is unfair
journalistically to put your
conversation within the lineage of the
conversation going all the way back in
American history and all the way as you
say pre American history in fact in my
piece I quote Voltaire and Hume and
others that at each point European two
descended white men of scientific mind
looked around them looked at the society
they saw looked at the outcomes people
had in society they saw looked at the
science pulled from those outcomes right
and it was called science back then -
and said you know what what we are
seeing here is a result of in
eight differences between the races and
but it's something I just going to say
we've not even talked through questions
of like what even beans to talk about
races and the way that has changed it
over time but I'll just bracket that and
at each point that has been you know
it's been justified in different ways
with different kinds of science but you
know now we look back and we say home
and they did not know what they were
talking about that was ridiculous I mean
look at what was going on in their
society but they you know they looked
and they ran their studies and they ran
the numbers and they said you know um
there's just a difference here there's a
difference here and that is why things
are turning out the way they are but
that is running on the vine why it is
unfair to put to put your conversation
in that lineage why the burden of proof
is not actually on you to say here's why
it is different this time here is why we
are at a point either in American
history or science or whatever where
that that is no long like we are certain
that nobody in 50 years is gonna look
back at us and say that because
scientifically what what the scientists
who are on my side of this argument
think and they include James Flynn and
many others they say that's where we are
here they've all just quoted him - I
just well you know but it was still it
was still a misleading summary of what
he said I know I know what he's on
record I'm saying here and you're
interpreting it in a way that you you
like I understand that but no I'm not
interpret Jamesville just said to me two
days ago I I it is it is consistent
understand which is a genetic advantage
or disadvantage for african-americans
that it is entirely possible that the
ten-point IQ difference we see reflects
a 12-point environmental difference and
a negative - genetic difference that
many things are possible right what
we're trying to judge and what is
plausible to say and more important I'm
I am worried about the social penalty
for talking about these things because
again it will come back to us on things
that we don't expect like the
Neanderthal thing right like that comes
out of left field had it gone another
way all of a sudden we can't talk about
in the and earth all DNA anymore and it
would be there's no point in having our
politics the hostage to these kind of
tripwire effects where you say something
that seems politically invidious the
merely talking about the data as they
are believe it unless every population
of human beings has exactly the same
mean and the same variance for every
trait we care about we are guaranteed to
be blindsided by the
differences that seem important to
people who care about differences among
groups
okay so first there's one valuable thing
that came out of this which is the new
sound drop now we can't talk about
Neanderthals anymore which we will be
using liberally but okay so first
there's the possibility and Sam hasn't
commented on this that through MIT I
meditate as well
no one has shaken my faith in the power
of meditation more than Sam Harris
but in my experience of meditating I
have not been able yet to connect
psychically if Sam psychically is
connected with James Flynn that he could
read that what he said to Ezra Klein on
the phone was wrong he should
immediately publicly release those
emails but beyond that I mean Jesus
Christ there's just sort of just a
there's a real mess that Sam is creating
it's pretty invidious for me to have to
clean it up but the first part that
Ezra's making if you didn't catch is
he's actually saying that what Flynn
told him and what is possible is that
this ten-point IQ gap might actually be
a 12% environmental influence which
means that there's a 2% lead for black
people in IQ over white people which
speaking of innate biases Sam Harris
dismissed this hypothetical in a field
that he admits does not have settled
science on as basically just ridiculous
so let's just listen to that again it is
very revealing still the misleading
summary of what he said I know I know
what he's on record I'm staying here and
you're interpreting it in a way that you
you like I understand that but no I'm
not interpret Jamesville just said to me
two days ago it is consistent understand
which is a genetic advantage or
disadvantage for african-americans that
it is entirely possible that the
ten-point IQ difference we see reflects
a 12-point environmental difference and
a negative two genetic difference that
many things are possible right what
we're trying to judge and what is
plausible to say and more important I'm
I'm worried about the social penalty for
talking about these things because okay
so let me also just say I would say that
I think it's actually and and this by
the way is already stipulating a path
that we've gone down here which we need
to have
we're gonna have Eric tor climber on the
show to talk about the science and the
bunk it from that perspective but we
need to get back to have a much more
rigorous conversation about a test that
of course is understood to be
universally valid by the people that
study it and administrate it
that's hardly a shock that they would
say that and is a privately owned test
by a private testing industry that
already exists far too much influence in
American and international life and
tracks not just on race but all sorts of
other class disparities in our system
tabeling that much more important
conversation and even summon like
sidarthur Mukherjee's book on genes
actually addresses this very well we'll
come back to that later but Sam is just
saying cat it like it's ridiculous and
now my question would be if we're
stipulating that this is such sound
science and a lot of it is genetic it
actually seems to me that it might be
possible that if you subjected one
population to everything from slavery to
mass murder to terrorism to systemic
political economic job and employment
discrimination legally through at least
the 60s and then continued with social
stigmas cultural stories which by the
way Harris and Murray are doing their
best to reinforce to again housing job
discrimination police interactions
police violence not to mention let other
than environmental and pollutants which
have actually been shown empirically to
lower IQ scores including even down to
telling kids to not eat fish because the
mercury actually can lower their score
as well it actually strikes me that only
a ten point differential might be just
the sort of like methodologically
interesting question asked if the gap is
that small maybe we're talking about it
at just a community that just starts
with an innately higher intellectual
advantage I mean this is and by the way
that type of subjective musing and
speculation about the data is social
science this isn't math you're always
framing data questions you're always
framing studies your human bias and
subjectivity is never impossible to us
let alone when you're talking about
research that exists in the context of
the entirety of American history and
then Sam goes back to his real Bally
wick which is of course the real
aggrieved parties in a conversation that
goes back to the founding crime of
America is obviously him and charles
Murray no one has been more hurt what's
the next we have more no that's it but
just to be explicit there's a certain
sort of Sam Harris fan that could watch
this segment and think well they're
still not addressing that Ezreal wanted
to talk about all these history things
and and sam harris just wanted to talk
about the data as it is right the
important thing is that the data as it
is doesn't even say that either there is
no there is no nothing on the data that
suggests that there's a permanent racial
IQ gap which is what charles murray has
been going on for twenty years about and
and so like yeah exactly so it's it's
it's absurd that like charles murray
burned across when he was a teenager
part of his research comes from the
pioneer foundation which was a
eugenicist group and involved research
from people who literally did study
things like penis size versus brain size
like actually not as a joke he used this
research along with other pseudo
scientific theories and I will say
pseudo scientific too forward
reactionary social policies which not
only have not marginalized them they are
our policies we do have disastrously
small spending on welfare and social
advancement in social justice and now we
also have the type of immigration
policies which has paid attention to
less but he also called for in the bell
curve along with Herrnstein there's
nothing in the science if we even accept
the science that says that this is
permanent and irreversible see is of
race and IQ it's still because
and that's why he talks about in the and
earth all's because the current date the
Neanderthals in an alternate reality
where it turns out that it's not like
Europeans that have some Neanderthal DNA
it's Africans he suggests that in that
hypothetical reality we would have a PC
outrage that maybe he'd have to
self-immolate his career over yeah but
and so he's jumping the gun on that like
because he's fundamentally not because
he's a lunatic and by the way if that
came out
no one would care we wouldn't be sitting
here in the Kin in our steel like oh my
god what are we gonna do about the
nether all the and earth all story that
was created that was it written up in
the back page of the science section in
The New York Times and maybe handful of
white supremacy on with and handful of
people on Twitter were offended by no
one gives a people do give a
about the attempt to naturalize racism
so as to implement social Darwinism and
policy which the whole time he's saying
he disagrees with you know at least
charles murray is coherent in his
despicable contributions to human life I
mean Sam Harris would be a lot more
likable I mean though no less despicable
if he'd was the reverse if he was
genuinely scientifically sound and a
white supremacist like if he was just
like the data just doesn't aim as he's
like with Richard Spencer and he's just
like Richard Richard I would love to
live in a society where I never had to
listen to rap music or see basketball
again okay okay that is my normative
preference but if you look at what
Misbah is saying about IQ the data isn't
there this doesn't account for the fill
in effect we need to we need to be
prepared for the worst-case scenario
okay okay let's let's say disaster IQ
it's it's been mapped and black people
are not only athletically superior that
are also intellectually and morally
superior okay they're they're better at
solving solving math problems
what dent is does that mean our
commitment to a white ethno state is any
less valid of course not we need to be
prepared for these contingencies that's
the more full honest sam harris i would
like to see all of a sudden we can't
talk about in the and earth all DNA am i
inferior to john von neumann yes i don't
think so and i don't think you think so
i do
that was a data it can't be racist the
other fun thing like just i mean all i
got a remind myself that his cultists
are so into people remaining calm at all
times let me let me let me tap into my
breathing scientific facts can't be
racist i mean
the the deeper implication of this
worldview is a war on every single human
discipline besides a incredibly narrow
quantitative idealism that never takes
anything systemic or structural into
account and I have to say like even if
you were cool with the dumbing down of
the Islam stuff which we'll get to in a
second and even if the race science
stuff for God's sake doesn't bother you
and disturb you and outraged you
intellectually and morally this like
there's a reason why Silicon Valley
robots are interested in this type of
thinking like this is the enabling of an
algorithm driven age with zero concern
for any type of provision of public good
and accounting for anything besides
goals set within its own narrow narrow
narrow limits and really what's
astonishing about harris's but all
accounts I mean he is the one he truly
does not understand this he he is he is
totally I mean he's sincere and all of
his whiney attune he has no clue
what he's doing he didn't blink when
Ezra Klein brought up the point where
Charles Murray I can't remember in which
book is it coming apart or losing
accomplishment where yeah where Murray
measured human accomplishment by how
many column inches black people versus
white people got in the Encyclopedia
Britannica right so you have right right
you literally have a guy who actually
subconsciously or for whatever reason
gave us all the great favor of being
like lest you were deceived with my
intimidating seeming book which was in
fact a racist tract of discredited
science analysis and social Darwinism
here's this book which is like the
intellectual project of like a racist
