[Music]
welcome back Michael Brooks show I am
Michael Brooks thanks so much for
watching and listening joining us now is
Natalie from contra Point
Natalie how you doing hi I'm doing good
thanks how are you I'm doing very well I
appreciate your time as always let's
talk about the conundrum that is Jordan
B Peterson uh yes hi Jordan our old
friend sweet chart enemy to it well
Jordan is very upset yeah yeah no go
ahead
he's had a hard time being a public
celebrity intellectual right massive
patreon account it's a very hard road
it's actually it's a pretty good gig he
has like he complains about political
correctness and get some an outrageous
Internet salary believe me academic
believe me i I have I have noted with
care how good how good a gig that is I
thought about yeah exactly what are we
doing we should be yeah hey actually
let's test it out for a second do you
just feel like in today's world you just
like can't say what you're thinking
anymore yeah it's like these uh
politically correct liberals like they
just it's like it's like Orwell's
nightmare I know it was like Ike was
just like thinking the other day like
like I don't know like I don't want to
kill anybody or anything but like gay
people are gross and like I can't say
that anymore it's it's really it's it's
it's terrible what this country's come
to and you know that's like what the
Muslims want um we have women at school
we should they come to school that'd be
nice
all right I this is this is a very fat
target here but let I'm just gonna play
I'm sure you've seen this I'm sure many
people have already seen this but we're
gonna play this clip and actually I have
some critiques of how the Vice
interviewer handled this actually but
let's just play this clip to set you up
of Jordan Peterson's conversation with
Vice where he explains
just the really pernicious effects of
makeup in the workplace and then you you
can take it from there
here's a question can men and women work
together in the workplace yes I how do
you do it
how do you know because I work with a
lot of women well it's been happening
for what 40 years and and things are
deteriorating very rapidly at the moment
in terms of the relationships between
men and women you sexual harassment in
the workplace
yes should it stop that would be good
will it well not at the moment it won't
because we don't know what the rules are
do you think men and women can work in
the workplace together you don't know
without sexual harassment we'll see well
how many years will it take for men and
women working in the workplace together
more than four in a sense we don't know
what the rules are like what here's a
rule don't about no makeup in the
workplace why would that from why should
you wear makeup in the workplace isn't
that sexually provocative no it's not
no what is it then what's the purpose of
makeup but some people would like to
just put on makeup why I don't know why
why do you make your lips red because
they turn red during sexual arousal
that's why boom why do you put Rouge on
your cheeks how about high heels
what about hire you what about them what
about them they're there to exaggerate
sexual attractiveness that's what high
heels do now I'm not saying that people
shouldn't use sexual displays in the
workplace I'm not saying that but I am
saying that that is what they're doing
and that is what they're doing if do you
feel like a serious woman who does not
want sexual harassment in the workplace
do you feel like if she wears makeup in
the workplace that she is somewhat being
critical yeah okay I do think that um I
just now I'm a 30 in a second but do you
want to just acknowledge and
transparency for the audience some for
some really bizarre reason that all the
stuff that Jordan just said really
closely mirrors recent commentary I had
on a tinder date so that's that's very
odd I'm just kidding okay go ahead what
take it from there I think that it's
just typical of the kind of forget it's
it's you know we've complained about
this too for this this reactionary
Tennessee
to renegotiate what are closed questions
like we all know that men and women can
get along in the same workplace like as
much as anyone can get along in the same
workplace like this is a question that
was solved in this 1960s and 70s like to
be reopening this conversation you know
oh there's a recent scandal involving
men in Hollywood you know sexually
harassing women and it's like ah does
this prove that actually the whole
experiment of the 1960s was false and
that we need to go back to women in the
home like I'm sure he's gonna deny that
that's what he's saying but it seems to
be the implication I mean if women and
men cannot work together like what is he
getting at I think it's you know it is
like cracking up these old debates about
you know should we really be using gay
conversion therapy or dragging up all
debates about well was Hitler really so
bad or does it extreme but like the
tenancies always it's always just asking
questions right but asking a question to
which the answer is something that we
have pretty much settled as a society
and with where to ask it again is to put
up for debate again the basic rights of
some group of people in this case women
do you think because what the vice
reporter is doing there those and I
noticed this because I agree with you
100% and there's a lot of content that I
do like I just did a deep dive for
patrons on charles murray as far as I'm
concerned charles murray was safely
debunked and set aside like you know
when we were kids in the 90 yeah right
but he isn't he's back in you know like
it or not he's back in place we must
address it but I think that the other
flaw in that clip is that they also
seized on things that are sort of very
very very very very basic truisms and
then draw demented conclusions but the
problem is is because maybe that right
impulse that we have to dismiss the
absurdity of it so the vice guy there is
saying like ah you know what are you
talking about make up and he's saying
isn't make up there to make you
attractive and my fear is is that there
is a market of that he's speaking to you
specifically of young men
and we'll watch that exchange and be
like well wait a second that he's making
an obvious statement now instead of
saying like right like and so is wearing
a tie and so is like yeah everything so
what do you mean like walk around naked
like what are you talking about but
instead he's scoffing at what actually
is kind of an obvious point that he's
making with a demented purpose and that
does that make sense it's kind of the
verbal game yeah it's it's I mean it's
kind of a clever little rhetorical trick
right like you state you move from a
very controversial hypothesis the idea
that men and women can't work together
and then you prove then you provide a
supporting evidence them very
uncontroversial thing oh well aren't
don't women wear makeup to be attractive
and then you suddenly feel like you have
to disagree with his obvious thing in
order to disagree with the controversial
thing and it yeah it puts is unless
you're very fast on your feet it's an
all you know you end up looking very
awkward yeah and then I'm afraid we are
too often because I think that sort of
vyse stance which I admit I I do plenty
of but I'm having this self interrogate
a little bit but I think a little bit of
that sort of like really like that's not
cool anymore
like it for better and for worse I think
there is this certain hunt for sincerity
and particularly these kind of like
substitute father figures that tell you
the answer to everything
substituted father very yeah that is
kind of what it is right and the notion
that he's telling it like it is there's
a kind of like preference I guess for
the kind of statement or the kind of
truth that seems like it's too dangerous
to say or something now I think that
women wear makeup to be attractive is
probably not too dangerous to say right
but um because of the way he frames it
it kind of has that feel to it and I
think a lot of people are attracted to
that feeling because they feel
personally that they are stifled and
unable to say things that they believe
you know usually because they're very
ignorant things but things that they may
not
understand why I want to get you know
we'll use as a bridge Peterson's sort of
you know I mean we have this ridiculous
this you know nonsense cuz yes and of
course the bigger context here is he's
saying yes I would say he's making a
truism statement about makeup which you
could just easily say that human beings
of every kind enhance their appearance
and yeah any context I mean this is this
is like nothing and also attractiveness
and appearance could my dimension why do
I it's it's just very boring yeah and
and and by the same to you know you're a
you know nice-looking young man that'll
help you in this job interview I mean
like you know the even that has been
right like not these is a brought this
is just a totally generic nothing
comment but I think when you deny the
truth of it you let you actually add
more credence that a demented point he's
making which is that the conclusion of
like sexual abuse by men of power the
lesson hisses that girls shouldn't work
anymore which is a demented conclusion
right yes yeah I mean and the point is
even like it's the it strategic relies
on this conflation between okay wanting
to be attractive in some broad sense and
like wanting specifically to be sexually
attractive to your boss which I doesn't
follow right that's exactly right that's
another that's another distinction do
you we're gonna get specifically into
his his comment on on gender identity
and some of your recent work but I but I
do think though I didn't use that sort
of father figure thing as an insult I
mean I I think one of the reasons that
Jordan Peterson fascinates me and I hope
that I can do you know I I've done a lot
of work around Sam Harris and I think I
have convinced some people of the real
sort of fundamental flaws in his
worldview but I also think that at least
for me if I was a self interrogate I was
I was too glib about disregarding the
traits that people are looking for that
he provides them if that makes sense and
I think in Jordan Peterson's case and I
want your thoughts on this there is this
I think of someone like Christopher Ryan
who I've had on who talks about you know
hunter gatherer of societies and sort of
like and we don't need to gender it but
it does seem to be a thing of young men
a lot but like lack of sense of place
and lack of sense of purpose which i
think affects all of us in our economic
environment in our present social
conditions but that somehow this I'm
trying to distill it but it's like sort
of Authority self-help and then it's
sort of slid into this broader container
of reactionary politics and that's a
very noxious brew because I think for
some people yes he's getting them at the
I don't like trans people I don't like
gay people blah blah blah PC stuff but
that's actually not that new what's new
is how it connects with here's your map
to living a better and more meaningful
life and that's very potent train for
people because that's what really what
most people are you know looking for in
fact yeah so that's clearly part of the
appeal like it's not such a
misrepresentation right to say that
Jordan Peterson is just like pushing
bigotry or something like that because
he's not just doing that like he's
offering this kind of guidance right I
think the other defy I don't scoff at
your father figure in comparison I mean
I think that as you say everyone feels
like a little bit lost and and that
includes young white men they do need
someone that's really they're gonna look
to someone for guidance and you know
Peterson like I don't think he's a I
don't even think he's and especially
vicious bigoted but part of the way that
he appeals to people is through these
kind of easy available prejudices that
sort of bring people in but then if you
look at the actual like wisdom he's
dispensing it's pretty boring social
conservatism like make up in the
workplace and this kind of thing like
it's it's you know it the problem is
that he's wrong what role model but he
nonetheless has effectively positioned
gotten himself in that position when
let's let's get to his sort of comments
gender and transgender identity yeah and
then maybe relate it you've done some I
really like your videos because I like
and I feel like it's parallel to that
the illicit history work that I do that
you you take you try to unwind ideas
through tracing them back to your source
to the source so maybe let me talk about
Peterson on gender specifically and then
we can get to some of your recent work
sort of debunking specific myths about
gender identity with trans trans people
specifically mm-hmm yeah so Peterson I
mean he first got a big national stage
when he sort of took the stand saying
that he would refuse to you know use I
he would refuse to be compelled I
suppose to use non-binary pronouns
if such a rule were implemented on
campus and this just took off you know
that the usual kind of campus social
justice warriors are against free speech
story was told and he became this kind
of big celebrity all over North America
and I think that you know he may not
himself be a terrible trans folk I mean
but hit this this idea of his this
rhetorical move that he made were you
sort of frame opposition to some
particular trans issue as an issue of
the rest of us defending our free speech
or something like that that was just
turned out to be brilliant and bigots
have jumped all over that it's it's
extremely useful to them even if it's
you know something else a they share
with people who aren't intensely bigoted
but that's exactly the most useful thing
for biggest to have is a common talking
point with people who aren't intensely
bigoted and that you know so it's kind
of a phony issue though because it often
relies on this assumption that trans
people are trying to make it illegal to
misgender them or something like that or
that people are going to be thrown in
jail for refusing to use they/them
pronouns and you know it's just a
massive uproar about a thing that just
doesn't happen and you know III assure
people all the time like you know I
really don't think people should go to
jail for
not for Miss for misgendering someone
but then I'm always assured in response
that oh but the trends agenda like they
want that like there's lots of people
who want that and I'm like are there I
don't know it's it's interesting you
couldn't seem to be able to create these
kind of free speech scares out of almost
nothing I have never and granted this is
anecdotal I have not heard a single
trans person ever advocate for the
jailing of Miss James either I have
never heard that in the exist and I
think and I think and I think even like
the strongest cases that they have come
down to like oh like these students
somewhere we're being obnoxious or
sympathetic like wow what a
shock that a college student might be
obnoxious or some perfect like we're
gonna get to turning points us a story
later I can assure you that this is not
on a political axis but my final
question with Peterson though do you
think its strategic so so I think like
okay at least the way I would define a
form of bigotry as far as I'm concerned
because I'm not I'm in a way not
particularly focused on people's
personal attitudes in a certain sense
but I'm very interested in their sort of
performativity so as far as I'm
concerned if you're willing to leverage
that sentiment to advance your agenda
thing you absolutely are engaging in a
form of bigotry whether or not that sort
of personally applies to you so I think
it's fair to use that word for him but
what I wonder is that because he's very
scrupulous about sort of I mean he's
certainly said I mean now as his sort of
media exposure comes out I think he is
saying sort of some more kind of crazy
things yeah he's going deeper deeper
into the whole I think yeah he's going
deeper into the whole but if we if we
took him before he went deeper in the
hole and I'm also thinking of a guy like
sam Harris who it's like look if we did
any actual real-world reading of this
stuff the implications for Muslims are
not positive that's a very safe
statement unless you're just in you know
diluted Platonic ideal realm but he'd be
cut
he put so much groundwork into
protecting himself from certain charges
even if you might think or I might think
that they're disingenuous that he
created a lot of room for saying look
look these people just throw the word
bigoted at anybody and I'm wondering in
the Peterson case I think we can agree
that the performance is bigoted but
because he's done so much to you know
that that happened in the interview in
the UK the woman accused it and she
brought up this example of of in his
classroom and he said well actually I
have never not personally respected
somebody's gender preference yeah I just
have a problem with the regulation which
is a brilliant move because it is
brilliant yeah so so how to deal with
that I mean should we still just
bulldoze ahead and say this is what you
are or do we have to get more sly like
him well you know I mean it's a point
that I find very exasperating and I mean
you notice that when I summarize this a
second ago I sort of took care to not
say that he was a bigot but that he was
sort of being useful to bigots one of
the reasons I said that I mean I of
course agree with you that insofar as
he's behaving publicly he may as well be
behaving as a bigot right but you know
this defense that they have well
Peterson's well I would never miss
gender trans person of course I'm simply
insisting upon my right to or someone's
right to you know it makes it very
difficult to object because you know if
you call him a bigot then they can just
trot out this his response saying that
oh I never never never do this I mean so
my personal worth method of dealing with
this I don't have a definite answer what
I have been doing is I try to avoid
calling figures when I'm doing college I
try to avoid calling them a bigot or a
transfer or a racist or whatever it is
in that kind of you know throwing
slapping a noun on them kind of away
instead I will describe their behavior
as transphobic or describe their
behavior as racist or bigoted and that I
think it helps sort of lessen that
defensiveness and it or at least it
removes the the ability of them to offer
this kind of personal stuff like oh my
best friend is black therefore like okay
I don't care who your best friend is
because what you did was still racist
now I think that that is sort of helps
but I haven't quite completely figured
it out no no I think that's actually
very helpful I think that that I think
that that and that's just tighter ground
because then you could say look look the
