[Music]
if you like the stories you hear on the
majority report then check out the
Sierra Club's new storytelling podcast
the land I trust season 2 of the land I
trust brings you fourteen storytellers
from across the western US who share
their experiences in harvesting
protecting and living with the four
natural elements
tales of climate change clean energy and
everything in between
listen to the land I trust at beyond
coal org slash stories are on Apple
podcasts and stitcher
they are unanimous in their hate for me
and I patron we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
it is Thursday September 27th let's
bring it down actually we've got two we
are now doing part two of our coverage
today of the Cavanaugh hearings pop him
up he is going live now Cavanaugh is
going to be speaking for the first time
he's about to address the committee we
obviously just finished the coverage of
I have a forged testimony something I
want to clear up from the last meeting
that doesn't affect you
so before I swear you I would like to
explain my response to Senator Kennedy
right after the break at that time I
entered into the record the statements
of three witnesses dr. Ford said were
also at the party these statements were
provided to us under penalty of felony
by lying to if you lie to Congress as
soon as my team learned the names of
these three potential witnesses we
immediately reached out to them
requesting an interview in response
all three submitted statements to us
denying any knowledge of the gathering
dr. Ford described if we had calls with
them we would have invited the minority
to join every time that we've received
any information regarding judge
Cavanaugh we've sought to immediately
follow through and investigate the
Maoris staff set on dr. Ford's letter
for weeks and staff told us that they
believed it is quote highly
inappropriate to have these follow-up
calls before the FBI finishes its
investigation into quote even though the
FBI had completed its background
information when we followed up with
judge Cavanaugh after we received dr.
Ford's allegations the ranking members
staff didn't join us even though these
calls are usually done on a bipartisan
basis they joined other calls with the
judge but they didn't participate or ask
any question
would you please rise sir yes
if you affirmed
Trinity to finish the testimony you're
about to give before the committee will
be the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth so help you God I do yeah
and like we like we offered to senator
her to dr. Ford you can take whatever
time you want now for your opening
segment then we'll vote a question so
proceed mr. chairman ranking member
Feinstein members of the committee thank
you for allowing me to make my statement
I wrote it myself yesterday afternoon
and evening no one has seen a draft or
it except for one of my former law
clerks this is my statement less than
two weeks ago dr. Ford publicly accused
me of committing wrongdoing and an event
more than 36 years ago when we were both
in high school I denied the allegation
immediately categorically and
unequivocally all four people allegedly
at the event including dr. Ford's
longtime friend miss Kaiser have said
they recall no such event her longtime
friend miss Kaiser said under penalty of
felony that she does not know me and
does not believe she ever saw me at a
party ever here is the quote from Miss
Kyser's attorneys letter quote simply
put miss Kaiser does not know mr.
Cavanaugh and she has no recollection of
ever being at a party or gathering where
he was present with or without dr. Ford
end quote
think about that fact somebody got the
message from the White House that he
should al agree that here I told me the
middie that I wanted a hearing as soon
as possible
to clear my name I demanded a hearing
for the very next day unfortunately it
took the committee ten days to get to
this hearing
in those 10 long days as was predictable
and as I predicted my family and my name
have been totally and permanently
destroyed by vicious and false
additional accusations the 10-day delay
it's not doing this has been harmful to
me and my family to the Supreme Court
and to the country when this allegation
first arose I welcomed any kind of
investigation Senate FBI or otherwise
the committee now has conducted a
thorough investigation and I've
cooperated fully I know that any kind of
investigation Senate FBI Montgomery
County police whatever will clear me
listen to the people I know listen to
the people who've known me my whole life
listen to the people I've grown up with
and worked with and played with and
coached with and dated and taught and
gone to games with and had beers with
and listened to the witnesses who
allegedly were at this event 36 years
ago listen to miss Kaiser she does not
know me I was not at the party described
by dr. Ford this confirmation process
has become a national disgrace the
Constitution gives the Senate an
important role in the confirmation
process but you have replaced advice and
consent with Search and Destroy
since my nomination in July there's been
a frenzy on the left to come up with
something anything to block my
confirmation shortly after I was
nominated the Democratic Senate leader
said he would quote oppose me with
everything he's got a Democratic senator
on this committee publicly publicly
referred to me as evil evil think about
that word
and said that those who supported me
were quote complicit and evil another
Democratic senator on this committee
said quote judge Kavanagh is your worst
nightmare a former head of the
Democratic National Committee said quote
judge Kavanagh will threaten the lives
of millions of Americans for decades to
come
I understand the passions of the moment
but I would say to those senators your
words have meaning millions of Americans
listened carefully to you given comments
like those is it any surprise we don't
have enough you wanted will hominy do
anything to make any physical threat
against my family to send any violent
email to my wife to make any kind of
allegation against me and against my
friends to blow me up and take me down
you sowed the wind for decades to come
I fear that the whole country will reap
the whirlwind the behavior of several
the Democratic members of this committee
of my hearing a few weeks ago was an
embarrassment jeez but at least it was
just a good old-fashioned attempt at
barking those efforts didn't work when I
did at least ok enough at the hearings
that it looked like I might actually get
confirmed a new tactic was needed some
of you were lying in wait and had it
ready
this first allegation was held in secret
for weeks
by a Democratic member of this committee
and by staff it would be needed only if
you couldn't take me out on the merits
when it was needed this allegation was
unleashed and publicly deployed over dr.
Ford's wishes and then and then as no
doubt was expected if not planned
came a long series of false last-minute
smears designed to scare me and drive me
out of the process before any hearing
occurred crazy stuff gangs illegitimate
children fights on boats in Rhode Island
all nonsense reported breathlessly and
often uncritically by the media
this is decisions and my good name a
good name Buddha built up through
decades a very hard work in public
service at the highest levels of the
American government
this whole two-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with apparent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons and millions
of dollars in money from outside
left-wing opposition groups this is a
circus the consequences will extend long
past my nomination the consequences will
be with us for decades this grotesque
and coordinated character assassination
will dissuade competent and good people
of all political persuasions from
serving our country and as we all know
in the United States political system of
the early 2000s what goes around comes
around I am an optimistic guy I always
try to be on the sunrise side of the
mountain to be optimistic about the day
that is coming but today I have to say
that I fear for the future last time I
was here I told this committee that a
federal judge must be independent not
swayed by public or political pressure I
said I was such a judge and I am
I will not be intimidated into
withdrawing from this process this
trihard so angry at so many different
parties I'm going to sit I'm not
referred now that being said I'll be
purely posh well really go he's setting
himself to pull out my family well not
drive me out the vile threats of
violence against my family will not
drive me out
you may defeat me in the final vote but
you'll never get me to quit never right
well you can't because then you do
actually have to i'm sure today you
don't really but you did i've never
sexually assaulted anyone not in high
school not in college
not ever sexual assault is horrific one
of my closest friends to this day is a
woman who was sexually abused and who in
the 1990s when we're in our 30s confided
in me about the abuse and sought my
advice i was one of the only people she
consulted allegations of sexual assault
must always be taken seriously always
those who make allegations always
deserve to be heard at the same time the
person who's the subject of the
allegations also deserves to be heard
due process is a foundation of the
American rule of law due process means
listening to both sides it's too bad he
doesn't have an opportunity to give his
side as I told you at my hearing three
weeks ago I'm the only child of Martha
and Ed Cavanaugh they are here today
when I was 10 my mom went to law school
and as a lawyer she worked hard and
overcame barriers including the
workplace sexual harassment that so many
women face at the time and still face
today she became a trailblazer one
amaryl ins earliest women prosecutors
and trial judges she and my dad taught
me the importance of equality
respect for all people and she inspired
me to be a lawyer and a judge last time
I was here I told you that when my mom
was a prosecutor and I was in high
school she used to practice her closing
arguments at the dining room table on my
dad and me as I told you her trademark
line was use your common sense
what rings true what rings false her
trademark line is a good reminder as we
sit here today some 36 years after the
alleged event occurred when there is no
corroboration and indeed it is refuted
by the people allegedly there there is
corrupt after I've been in the public
arena for 26 years about it that's even
a hint a whiff of an allegation like
this and when my nomination to the
Supreme Court was just about to be voted
on at a time when I'm called evil by a
Democratic member of this committee
while Democratic opponents of my
nomination say people will die if I am
confirmed true to this onslaught of
last-minute allegations does not ring
true I'm not questioning that dr. Ford
may have been sexually assaulted by some
person in some place at some time but I
have never done this to her or to anyone
that's not who I am it is not who I was
I am innocent of this charge I intend no
ill will to dr. Ford in her family the
other night Ashley and my daughter Liza
said their prayers and little Liza all
10 years old
said to Ashley we should pray for the
woman it's a lot of wisdom from a
ten-year-old we mean we mean no ill will
first let's start with my career for the
last 26 years since 1992 I've served in
many high-profile and sensitive
government positions for which the FBI
has investigated my background six
separate times six separate FBI
background investigations over 26 years
all of them after the alehna vent
alleged here I have been in the public
arena and under extreme public scrutiny
for decades in 1992 I worked for the
office of Solicitor General in the
Department of Justice in 1993 I clerked
on the Supreme Court for Justice Anthony
Kennedy I spent four years of the
independent counsel's office during the
1990s that office was the subject of
enormous scrutiny from the media and the
public during 1998 the year of the
impeachment of President Clinton our
office generally and I personally were
in the middle of an intense national
media and political spotlight I and
other leading members of ken starr's
office or opposition researched from
head to toe from birth through the
present day recall the people who were
exposed that year of 1998 as having
engaged in some sexual wrongdoing or
indiscretions in their past one person
on the left even paid a million dollars
for people to report evidence of sexual
wrongdoing and it worked
exposed some prominent people nothing
about me
from 2001 to 2006 I worked for President
George W Bush in the White House a staff
secretary I was by President Bush's side
for three years why is it crossing the
nation's most sensitive secrets isn't
thinking of I traveled on Air Force One
all the country and the world with
President Bush I went everywhere with
him from Texas to Pakistan from Alaska
to Australia from Buckingham Palace to
the Vatican three years in the West Wing
five and a half years in the White House
I was then nominated to be a judge on
the DC Circuit I was thoroughly vetted
by the White House the FBI the American
Bar Association and this committee I sat
before this committee for two thorough
confirmation hearings in 2004 and 2006
for the past 12 years leading up to my
nomination for this job I've served in a
very public arena as a federal judge on
what is often referred to as the second
most important court in the country I've
handled some of the most significant and
sensitive cases affecting the lives and
liberties of the American people I have
been a good judge and for this
nomination another FBI background
investigation another American Bar
Association investigation 31 hours of
hearings 65 senator meetings 1200
written questions more than all previous
Supreme Court nominees combined
throughout that entire time throughout
my 53 years and seven months on this
earth until last week no one ever
accused me of any kind of sexual
misconduct
no one ever a lifetime a lifetime of
public service and a lifetime of
high-profile public service at the
highest levels of American government
and never a hint of anything of this
kind and that's because nothing of this
kind ever
happened second let's turn to specifics
I categorically and unequivocally to
deny the allegation against me by dr.
Ford I never had any sexual or physical
encounter of any kind with dr. Ford I
never attended a gathering like the one
dr. Ford describes in her allegation
I've never sexually assaulted dr. Ford
or anyone again I am NOT questioning
that dr. Ford may have been sexually
assaulted by some person in some place
at some time but I've never done that to
her or to anyone
dr. Ford's allegation stems from a party
that she alleges occurred during the
summer of 1982 36 years ago I was 17
years old between my junior and senior
years of high school at Georgetown prep
a rigorous all-boys Catholic Jesuit High
School in Rockville Maryland when my
friends and I spent time together at
parties on weekends it was usually with
friends from nearby Catholic all-girls
high schools Stoneridge Holy Child
visitation Immaculata Holy Cross dr.
Ford did not attend one of those schools
she attended an independent private
school named Holton arms and she was a
year behind me she and I did not travel
in the same social circles it is
possible that we met at some point at
some events although I do not recall
that to repeat all of the people
identified by dr. Ford as being present
at the party have said they do not
remember any such party ever happening
importantly her friend miss Kaiser has
not only denied knowledge of the party
miss Kaiser said under penalty of felony
she does not know me
does not recall ever being at a party
with me ever and my two male friends who
are allegedly there who knew me well
have told this committee under penalty
of felony that they do not recall any
such party and that I never did or would
do anything like this
dr. Ford's allegation is not merely
uncorroborated it is refuted by the very
people she says were there including by
a longtime friend of hers refuted third
doctor Ford has said that this event
occurred at a house near Columbia
Country Club which is at the corner of
Connecticut Avenue in the east-west
highway in Chevy Chase Maryland in her
letter to senator Feinstein she said
that there were four other people at the
house but none of those people nor I
lived near Columbia Country Club as of
the summer of 1982 dr. Ford was 15 and
could not drive yet and she did not live
near Columbia Country Club
she says confidently that she had one
beer at the party but she does not say
how she got to the house in question or
how she got home or whose house it was
fourth I've submitted to this committee
detailed calendars recording my
activities in the summer of 1982 why did
I keep calendars my dad started to
keeping detailed calendars of his life
in 1978
he did so is both a calendar and a diary
it's a very organized guy to put it
mildly
Christmastime we sit around and he ails
us with old stories old milestones old
weddings old events from his calendars
in ninth grade in ninth grade in 1980 I
started keeping counters my own for me
also it's both account or in a diary
I've kept such calendars Diaries for the
last 38 years mine are not as good as my
dad's in some years and when I was a kid
the calendars are about what you would
expect from a kid some goofy parts some
embarrassing parts but I did have the
summer of 1982 documented pretty well
the event described by dr. Ford
presumably happened on a weekend because
I believe everyone worked and had jobs
in the summers and in any event a
drunken early evening event of the kind
she describes presumably happened on a
weekend if it was a weekend my calendars
show that I was out of town almost every
weekend night before football training
camp started in late August the only
weekend nights that I was in DC were
