[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well suck on
this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport dodge our day
rub far more credible to me than PBS and
frontline the majority report with sam
cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Thursday October 5th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
Harvard professor of law Lawrence Lessig
on his group equal citizens which is
pursuing a lawsuit to change the
electoral college also on the program
today wrecks it watches on Tillerson
reportedly in a suicide pact
meanwhile the DOJ investigates Harvard's
affirmative action program and reverses
protections for transgender employees
public and donors pissed but that
doesn't mean the party isn't getting
stronger and anti-abortion for thee but
not for me
GOP congressmen to resign and spend more
time with his ladies hopefully not in
the offspring and we may see some minor
movement on minor gun regulation as bump
stock sales soar and a populist our
revolution candidate with a big surprise
victory in a Birmingham Alabama mayoral
race meanwhile Dems a lead in Virginia
governor race but the Statehouse is key
all this and more on today's program
folks a an atypical slow news day today
and we'll have an opportunity to get to
if you missed that evanka and
Jr story we will cover that today as
well and a couple other that we didn't
quite get to yesterday but as you know
yesterday the big story or one of them
one of the eight was that Rex Tillerson
reportedly in July had called Donald
Trump a and as the day went on
apparently it came out that he actually
called him an effing that 11 the
room a lot of love in the room and he
went out yesterday to pretend that he
never said that he didn't really even
get that far in pretending he didn't say
it he just sort of sort of half
apologized for saying it even though he
didn't concede that he said it he said I
was smart so he couldn't have said it
there you go
let's hear Rex Tillerson attempt to what
what do they call it to show his
subservience I guess this is the old you
know think we're the the gorillas you
know hold out their hand like this two
to the head gorilla and here's a Rex
Tillerson I mean this is this is what I
don't understand about Washington again
you know I'm not from this place but the
places I come from we don't deal with
that kind of petty nonsense and it is
intended to know nothing but divide
people and I'm just not going to be part
of this effort to divide this
administration yeah I imagine during his
time at Exxon as Exxon CEO you wouldn't
have cared if somebody called him an
effing well none of its CEO of
Exxon I mean people called me a
 the co-main are tired all the time
I don't got time for
trying to do business at Exxon so I
don't get into this Washington DC stuff
according to the Washington Examiner
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson defense
secretary Jim mattis and Treasury
secretary Steve minutia n-- reportedly
have forged a suicide pact in which all
three members of President trumps
cabinet would leave if one becomes a
target of the president yeah let's let's
all go okay I mean this is just yeah I
mean this is just oh I don't even know
what to say I mean it's just it's insane
what's insane we're living with the you
know you hear those stories of the
insane King right the Mad King and we're
we're living it out now and just
everyone's just the whole country's
being held hostage hopefully hopefully
nothing really horrible will happen
hopefully wait so if I'm supposed to I
want to hate each of you individually
and humiliate you in turn but if you all
go at the same time then that I see what
you did I mean who I I hired that I
really do hire the smartest people who
could possibly be craven enough and
ridiculous enough to take that oh right
then nikki Haley ladies and gentlemen
zactly
the world's most successful people all
have one thing in common they're hungry
for knowledge they read and they learn
at every chance they get you're one of
them you listened to this podcast at
least once a week
well introducing the blinka stap it's
got over 2,000 best-selling non-fiction
books transformed into powerful packs
you can read or listen into just 15
minutes you learn the essential ideas
from the best books in your field or
subjects you never knew you loved like
productivity
business science with blink askew can
feast your mind on key ideas
best-selling non-fiction books like
seven Habits of Highly Effective People
the 4-hour workweek actually that Tim
Ferriss let you like you liked him first
I like Tim Ferriss and I've been on
Nicky and I had a diet competition
whatever I didn't win it doesn't matter
uh but his his whole you know what he
does he does like a lot of like peak
efficiency stuff best practices whatever
the point is you could listen to the
book in 15 minutes or the key elements
of the book Thinking Fast and Slow you
can do this on your way home or on your
way from your home or really you can do
it whenever you there's no law on how
you use it I actually ran somebody uses
it they listen to them when they're out
running there you go that's to me not to
mention their team is constantly adding
new titles from best of list so you're
always getting the most powerful ideas
inconvenient made for mobile format
blinka swooz chosen in Apple and
Google's best of selection for two years
right now
blinkin as a special offer just for the
majority report audience go to blink
accom slash majority get a free trial or
three months off your yearly plan when
you join today that's blinking
be link2sd blink is calm slash majority
to start your free trial or get you
three months off your yearly plan blink
is calm slash majority and here's a new
one longtime listeners know four years
ago I had a geothermal system put it
into our house because when we moved
into that that place upstate we just had
a coal stove in there and that was the
soot was everywhere so one of the things
about this is that you have to change
your filter we got like a 25 by 25
one-inch filter it's like this big and
what it does is if
cleans the air in your home in addition
obviously is sucking the air back into
the machine the the filter doesn't do
that it just makes sure that there's
less dust and one of the things that I
didn't know at the beginning was you got
to change it every two and a half three
months or so well now there's finally a
service that actually will send it to
you when you need them filter like this
keeps dust levels down makes a less
visible dust in your home but it really
it's about health you spend 90% of your
time indoors where Constitution and
concentration of pollutants are to to
find a tie of two to five times higher
than typical outdoors you can filter out
airborne allergens if you suffer from
Alice asthma or allergies keeping the
air and your home cleaner can make a
huge difference and this service filter
easy calm sir solves the number one
problem with home fill air filters
forgetting to change them your average
homeowner changes their filters one to
two times a year the minimum is four
times here it gives you a physical
reminder of having to have clean air in
your home it's delivered to your door
you don't have to worry about the hassle
of storing extras which is a huge pain
in the butt you won't ever forget that
change the air filters in your home
again and it delivers the exact size
home filter to your door when it's time
to replace you can save on five to 15%
of home air conditioning costs by
keeping your air conditioning and
heating systems cleaner and a good
filter does this get started today
filter easy.com is offering all majority
report listeners their first delivery of
a standard one-inch air filter for free
with free shipping never forget to
change your air filter again visit
filter easy.com slash report that's
filter easy / filter easy calm / report
or you can enter the promo code report
on the home page all right we're gonna
take a quick break when we come back
we're going to be talking to lawrence
lessig now I interviewed Lawrence last
week on ring of fire radio
this is such a fascinating and important
topic I brought it up a little bit with
the in Milhiser yesterday and you know
there's there's some skepticism as to
whether or not the Supreme Court
will will actually rule on something
like this but the plan and Lawrence like
Lessig outlines it is to create a
situation where the Supreme Court has to
address this and when we talk about
problems with the representation in this
country one of the biggest is that it's
winner-take-all electoral college and so
a lot of people's votes really don't
count right I mean we only talk about
swing state elections for the presidency
Lawrence Lessig has a plan it's a really
interesting thing and I wanted as many
people as possible to hear it so take a
quick break when we come back Lawrence
Lessig we are back Sam cedar on the
majority report on the phone is a
pleasure to welcome to the program
Harvard Law Professor Lawrence Lessig
professor welcome back to the program
really great to be here Sam thanks so
okay now you have and and I think we
have probably over the the past decade
spoken numerous times back one you were
doing Creative Commons and about maybe
10 years ago or so I'm not sure you
began to focus your energies on dealing
with the fundamental problems that we
were having with our government and that
has involved of various attempts to get
money out of politics involved a early
nascent run for the presidency in 2016
or I guess probably 2015 you are now
attempting to change the way that we
elect a president what what is equal
votes well it's exactly what you said um
you know what we what I've come to see
is that we have to build recognition in
our culture that the fundamental
commitment of a representative democracy
that votes that citizens are equal is
denied in our representative democracy
it's denied in a lot of ways it's denied
because of the way we raise money for
public elections through private funds
it's denied through gerrymandering it's
denied through suppression of the vote
in certain districts around the country
but the most grotesque and obvious way
in which is denied is the way we elect
our president because people voting for
the president have different power the
difference you know weights of their
vote depending on where they vote in the
country and what they happen to be
relative to the majority of the people
in their country so your Republic
in Massachusetts your vote means nothing
for the president it could never mean
anything for the president because the
winner of the electoral college votes in
Massachusetts is always and only the
Democrat and the Democrat gets all of
the votes because of this system called
winner-take-all so we're challenging
that system and we want the Supreme
Court to take the case and and and say
that the principle of one person one
vote means the state has to give the
loser his or her share and in in the
state so that the nation as a whole we
get something close to proportional
representation in the electoral college
for president so and we should say that
this this dynamic this problem does not
play out in every 50 states there's two
states that do it differently let's just
let's just talk about that too
to highlight I guess the the problem
with the other 48 it so Maine and
Nebraska allocates their electors
congressional district by congressional
district and then they allocate the
senatorial electors every state gets two
electors or the Senate in a
winner-take-all basis so the winner of
the vote in Maine gets two electors and
then gets additional Electress depending
on whether they win or lose in a
particular congressional district
now that system itself is not is not
great because that's you know for a
small state in particular that's not
even proportional but it's fundamentally
different from a state like California
where the winner gets all 55 electoral
votes regardless of the percentage that
number two got in the state so where is
the the where where is this principle
one-person one-vote where does that live
I mean because the electoral college is
it's in the Constitution but how but but
I mean just explain how the the
existence the electoral Constitution is
embedded is in the existence is embedded
in the Constitution but how we get I
guess from the ground to the Electoral
College it's sort of up for great
yeah that's right I mean the
Constitution I'm told the states to
select electors gave us B gave the
formula for how many electors each state
gave and then the twelfth amendment
basically says how those electors are
going to vote or the process by which
they vote for president but it didn't
specify any rules about how the state
allocates their electors that decision
has been made state by state you know
from the very beginning now of course
the Constitution is one part of our
count that the original Constitution is
the first part to our constitutional
tradition but you know we had something
called a civil war and after the Civil
War we enacted some pretty important
amendments and among those is the 14th
amendment with an equal protection
clause which you know about 58 years ago
the Supreme Court interpreted to include
a principle of one person one vote which
means you have to have electoral systems
that wait the votes of all citizens
equally and three times at least the
Supreme Court has expressly said that
principle applies to the presidential
selection process most recently in a
case you might have heard of called Bush
versus Gore so the idea is nothing new
in the jurisprudence but but Bush versus
gore actually opened up an extraordinary
opportunity that nobody has yet tried to
take to get the court to address the
question why winner take-all doesn't
violate the principle of equality all
right now I want to put a pin in that
Bush v Gore because I think just within
the past day or two of our of our
talking there's there's one more piece
of a Bush v Gore his is is in place and
I want to talk about that in a moment
but so the ultimately is the the case
going to be a come down to a conflict
between the Constitution allowing States
to dictate how they award the electoral
votes
and the 14th amendment well I don't
think it's a conflict I think it's just
a question of what the Fourteenth
Amendment requires here because you know
there's the court fifty years ago in a
case called Williams versus Rhodes
said of course the states have plenary
power to pick their electors however
they want but like every plenary power
in the Constitution they can only do it
subject to the constraints of the
Constitution so you couldn't have a
state that says you know we can only
have women electors or we're only going
to have white electors those are
obviously rules that would violate a
principle of equality in the 14th
amendment and so the only question that
is well what is and how far does that
principle extend especially the
one-person one-vote principle when we're
talking about systems for tallying up
the votes that get reflected in the
election of a president of the United
States and so you know there are two
parts to the claim we're making one is
reminding the court the 14th Amendment
applies and once you see that you have
to say does one-person one-vote effect
wouldn't they call it and then the
second part is to show exactly why
winner-take-all is not consistent with
this idea of one person one toe now we
have a similar dynamic with the Senate
no I mean we've got people who have the
equal rep
if you got from from Montana I have a
lot bigger stake as a voter in what
happens in the Senate than if I live in
California absolutely and you know both
the Senate and the initial allocation of
electors to the states in some sense
violate this principle of equality and
the court has basically given this part
of the story a constitutional pass it
said you know we're not going to 14th
amendment wasn't meant to undo the
Senate and I'd say it wasn't meant to
undo the electoral college but again
we're not challenging the electoral
college and we certainly are not
challenging the Senate well we're
challenging is the way the states have
allocated their electoral votes so
that's not part of the Constitution
that's nothing the framers
did or had anything to do with us it's
just a rule that the states have adopted
it's pretty clear why they adopted it
you know once a couple states did it
you'd be crazy not to do it because your
power as a state is is a fraction of
what it could be if you don't allocate
winner-take-all
but once the states do it the question
is whether what they have done is
consistent with the values of equality
in the 14th amendment and I think what
we'll show is that it's not has this
ever been has it been challenged I mean
is this because we've been living under
this sort of I guess this tension right
between the idea of one person one vote
and the electoral college for in decades
almost a century right yeah yeah so it
has been challenged and there was
another case in 1969 Williams versus
Virginia Board of electors that was a
district court case a three-judge panel
in the district court and the parties
said winner-take-all violates the Equal
Protection Clause and what that
three-judge panel said is well yeah does
all these kind of crazy unequal things
no doubt but to violate the Equal
Protection Clause the discrimination
must be quote unquote ingenious and what
that means is you they had to adopt this
rule with some kind of malicious intent
and and typically that's about race or
some other suspect class but even if
it's not you've got to show that they
did it with some malicious purpose and
and of course that's not possible to
show since this has been around forever
so that meant that the winner-take-all
standard survived and that decision was
merely affirmed by the Supreme Court
there's no arguments or anything they
just said yeah that's fine I'm and and
there it would stand but for Bush versus
Gore because what Bush versus Gore did
was to say well one person one vote
applies to the presidential selection
process quote/unquote and because it
applies we have to apply equality to the
method the Florida Supreme Court has
approved for recounting votes and that
