[Music]
what let me just I already like the
thing about Paris is that you know I
genuinely don't like I would be
completely I would be being totally
dishonest I think anybody in this space
I don't know what the right word is I
mean I think fans are eggs actually a
really weird word and it does not
describe the kind of relationships that
people have in today's meeting
environment if you're doing more sort of
like direct to audience one-to-one kind
of media like I I have you know a huge
amount of respect for my audience and I
especially the ones like I engage with I
learn a tremendous amount from so I but
that being said like you know for
everything from like you your sort of
personal psychological desires to the
need at least in some people's cases not
probably not in Sam's case because I do
think he's a trust-fund baby to make a
living you know
you want a motivated faithful engaged
audience that really cares about your
work and we'll talk about it and and
promote it you know on different
platforms and in community I really
genuinely don't think I would ever want
the sort of cult-like devotion that
certain people cultivate intentionally
or unintentionally so you know Sam has a
contingent of people that absolutely
treat him like a guru
they can't abide any criticism of him
they can't even abide like I mean forget
you know someone like me or Sam who
really criticized Sam Harris they can't
even deal with like you know yeah maybe
I just don't want him on my podcast
don't find his work particularly
engaging I mean there is a sort of level
of religiosity and fanaticism which is
quite bizarre there's another contingent
of people that I think you know
this is where style comes in you know I
find the guy just sort of dreadfully
boring and the things that he explores
like you know I'd prefer to listen to a
Joseph Goldstein Dharma talk or read
Stephen bachelor on you know secular
Buddhism or you know these other areas
that he explores I don't find
particularly compelling to go through
him for but you know I get that some
people do so all that being said and I
guess that's just a way of stipulating
that I know there's always going to be a
contingent of people that are always
just gonna relate to him in a cultish
way but I think the reason that this as
recline exchanged has caused Sam such a
meltdown is for the following reasons
number one the subject of IQ and
intelligence and genetics is a deeply
complicated one that is highly
politicized and almost anytime you hear
somebody using those stats to make
assertions assertions about hereditary
intelligence they're doing it because of
the very least they have a subtext
political agenda and Charles Murray's
case it's actually quite clear and this
goes even beyond whether we deem him a
racist or not which I certainly think
and you could listen to work I've done
with Nathan Robinson after a real
analysis of his work you absolutely
condemn him that but the subtext of all
of Charles Murray's work and the reason
that recently he's moved as he started
to write coming apart and focus on the
quote unquote
you know the white working-class because
essentially as economic inequality has
spread some of the people you know the
numbers on things like divorce and
things that people used to racially
pathologize as part of a right-wing
strategy against social intervention are
getting more evenly distributed so the
subtext of Charles Murray's work which
is that because so much of intelligence
is genetic and because you can't do
anything from
policy perspective therefore we should
have a absolutely stripped down narrow
safety net which is actually the bread
and butter of his work see his work is
in my view bigoted it is incredibly
one-dimensional in its reading of
science and incredibly unshared Abul and
interest in unengaged historically but
the actual purpose of what he's trying
to do is create justifications that are
grounded in Social Sciences to justify
not doing anything in terms of public
policy that's why he's funded that's why
he's at a American Enterprise Institute
and I think he's still there so that's
his subtext and this conversation of you
know the only other thing I'll say about
race and intelligence is that the notion
first of all nobody has accounted for
things like the Flynn effect which show
broadening intelligence rising across
the board - we can say that of course
things like IQ tests are culturally
dependent and contextual because what is
rewarded and what is necessary
intellectually absolutely varies from
society to society would you know how
would sam harris or somebody like that
thrive in a society where sort of like
empathy and social bonding was key or
how would any of us survive in a society
that was a hunter-gatherer context
intelligence literally varies from
context to context so it and and also
you know number three the notion that we
could say after hundreds of years of
everything from slavery to apartheid to
mass murder to terrorism to everything
from policy discrimination to pop
culture stereotypes to the diligent work
of so-called public intellectuals to
reaffirm that people of color
or black or Hispanic people are dumber
than white people that that that the the
countervailing evidence that Social
Policy can't work to overcome those gaps
because a couple of decades of
discrimination no longer being legally
acceptable and a couple of like you know
school enrichment programs proves the
case of environmental conditions not
having a significant impact is
delusional and if we look at things like
the epigenetics research coming out that
literally things like the stress and
traumas of oppression being spread
intergenerationally and everything from
class to race to all these other biases
and forming and shaping us it's a
delusional claim and if anything we
could read that same data and it could
be an argument for even more radical and
robust intervention so all that being
said Sam Harris waded into a debate
because he saw some students at
Middlebury shout down charles murray now
i think charles murray should be
confronted and embarrassed and
challenged wherever he goes his work
actually has in fact been debunked by
serious scientists it is it does have
bizarre racial motivations and
underlying it is an extremist
libertarian ideology paris sees this and
because sam Harris's whole gig is
actually just at this point a more
intellectually refined version of
whatever triggers the lipped arts must
be true
has Sam has Charles Murray on his show
doesn't get into any depth on any of the
policy questions that were just raised
doesn't have any of course as with
everything else is robustly a historical
and has no situational awareness as
where we are today he raises some things
like the Flynn effect but basically is
doesn't challenge Murray on anything
then there's a piece and Vox
that robustly criticizes Murray and his
work and Harris does his usual thing
which has a meltdown and it's unfair
it's out of context and isn't right blah
blah blah which is always his move now
in reality Sam Harris jumped to his
usual hoop which is that the greatest
threat in the world today is college
students are intolerant left that whole
meme and jumped on board with charles
murray who is at the very least
controversial and highly disputed in
this field who has a policy agenda that
harris doesn't even get into then
there's pushback and then harris does
his usual sullen sulk out of context
thing which led us to the as recline
blow-up of basically Harrison Klein
going back and forth over email and it's
starting with Ezra Klein being like well
I would go in your podcast but I think
it'd be better if you had someone like
Nisbet who's one of the authors in the
piece on Vox who actually challenged you
and Marie Harris you know it's like
Nisbet is not mainstream Nisbet is
actually quite mainstream teaches at
university of michigan and is very
respected in the field and is in fact
you know at credential universities
charles murray is at a think-tank um
also bearing in mind well sam harris is
doing this whole victim complex thing
about charles murray because of the
thing at Middlebury which I agree wasn't
the right strategic approach to Murray
at all but Charles Murray's never been
silenced Charles Murray's one of his
recent books was reviewed in the New
York Times twice he is quoted on you
know article and journal pieces all over
the place he's been on everything from
mainstream news programs to Bill Maher
it's more accurate to say he's heavily
subsidized he is a heavily subsidized
public intellect since at least the
seventies
whose writings and theorizing zhan
everything are readily available to
anyone
so that frame is you know again just
utterly delusional and you know and Sam
doesn't have any sense of the policy or
the funding or any of those other areas
that he doesn't have any discipline or
interest in thinking about
so as reclining you have this whole
exchange which always just again returns
again and again and again to Klein
raising points whether they be
controversies inside the field which
Harris is ignoring and discounting or
you know broader political and ethical
concerns which you know don't fit inside
Harris's narrow rigid worldview which he
discounts and then it all culminated in
Klein writing actually a very thoughtful
piece which also gets into stamped from
the beginning which is a brilliant book
on the construction of racism in our
history and the sort of attempt to
naturalize it and the point that of
course in fact that like you know to
affluent white guys sitting around
speculating about you know black people
being dumb is is only two people
and porn is novel this is one of the
most you know common activities in
American history and something that has
so much destructiveness on so many
different levels to the point even where
you know I remember in earlier exchange
between Donaghy C coats and Andrew
Sullivan about this where Andrew
Sullivan who also should be a held
accountable for spreading this stuff was
going back again and again and again to
you know this sort of Nerdist need to
speculate and Tana EC Coates is like
well you know I don't find the
contemplation of my basic humanity and
intellectual capacity to be particularly
interesting but I do I'm but Donaghy's
II made the point that you know I'm
somebody who grew up in a you know black
working-class intellectual context and I
went to Howard
so I
was insulated from this broader cultural
sense of diminishing black intellect and
achievement because of my cultural
context but there's a lot of people out
there that from everything from the
cultural racism and stories we tell to
the policy to the continuing you know
realities of policing and so on and so
forth and tracking in schools and
implicit bias and teaching and all of
these things they don't have necessarily
the same you know
inclination and I almost see the way
people wield some of these statistics
which by the way these statistics are
not what's in debate that's not the
issue the issue is this much broader
contextual conversation around them
which actually is what is relevant to
the extent any of these numbers are
relevant to measure to begin with by the
way
brief tangent I mean Harris particularly
keeps harping on you know Marie at least
that's a policy agenda here I want to
prove and naturalize these things so we
don't do anything about them in terms of
redistribution and addressing injustice
that's why he does what he does Harris
is on this whole treat everybody like an
individual and the only way to do it as
being individual in which case great
then you should have zero interest in
any distributional differences in any
metric you should only be interested in
individual IQ period individual this
individual that if that you're gonna
make a fetish of your ideology you
shouldn't even be interested in these
conversations that being said um I think
that this kind of putting this stuff out
there is actually a sort of you know
this could play into the epigenetic
trauma in and of itself and that's
science that's not posturing so Sam
released the emails and Ezra wrote a
good piece and Sam looked like a
pestilent child to having a controlled
emotional breakdown which is what he is
because actually really what is revealed
in this stuff is just a pathological
inability to absorb any criticism that
is not tightly tight
we defined in his terms and now he
received such a backlash and I think
it's also important from a brand
position because you know Ezra Klein
look if somebody like a Glenn Greenwald
white totally respected disagreements
with but Glenn's great but you know
Glenn
Glenn's a serious intellect but Glenn's
a polemicist runs on the left
you know Glenn doesn't pretend to value
the things that Harris fetishizes in a
disingenuous way but Ezra Klein is that
Ezra Klein is civil Spock and he
exemplified all the virtues that these
people constantly go on about civil
respectful open exchange of ideas
intellectually broad data focused
up-to-date with all of the latest
research in all relevant fields and Sam
Harris had a tantrum and released
private emails without permission which
is by the way I think the second time
he's done this
beginning with the Chomsky thing it's a
very and if you go back and listen to
the thing Oh Maura Aziz who wrote a
critique of Harris a couple years ago in
Harris's conditions of him coming on the
podcast or that they would read his
essay together line didn't go over it
you can see this pattern of very bizarre
weird unhinged controlling behavior in
Harris's part reflecting this cult-like
attitude in some of his followers and he
got a backlash he was embarrassed so he
wrote judging and this is what he is
addendum to his email dump
judging from a response to this post on
social media my public my decision to
publish these emails appears to have
backfired I was relying on leaders to
flaw Lowell to plot and notice as res
evasive 'no sand gaslighting or whatever
read it for yourself Agee his denial of
misrepresentation of slurs in the very
article he published many people seem to
a judge from his politeness that Ezra
was the one behaving honestly and
ethically this is frustrating to say the
least and he goes on and on I mean look
I well what can you say
I mean Samaras is incredibly popular
some serious people share platforms with
him
certainly serious people I think you
know more in the policy-making world
don't and and I would just say if you're
somebody I think that there's some
people who follow a through line and the
OneNote pared-down nonsense about Islam
and foreign policy flows perfectly with
embracing charles murray and you know a
pseudo-scientific quest to confirm the
biases of a affluent white elite which
is essentially what this is but if
you're somebody who is gung ho about the
islam stuff but concerned about the
racism stuff you have to see and I'm not
saying I understand there are some
distinctions between a group of people
as an ethnicity and a religious belief
although certainly not as neat as people
trying to make that conversation but if
you can't see the through line of policy
illiterate aggressively a historical
abstractions which always lead to a
one-dimensional rendering of a
authorized group if you don't see a
pattern there then you're simply not
being serious or rigorous and this is
why history matters this is why context
matters not to be PC not to blah blah
blah not all these are the
talking points we can criticize anything
we can talk about any data but if you
don't have a context for understanding
it and your mission by the way isn't
justice in liberation but reinforcement
of lazy beliefs status quo and empathy
free soft bigotry this is where you end
up and you know I don't ever call for
people to be deep platforms or anything
but look you know and I've said that I
even said that about Mike savage
but as I said with him before and I say
with Sam Harris now you should know
exactly who it is you're listening to
reading and talking about and this is
somebody who I don't even think he
recognizes it himself but he absolutely
is of um and belongs to unsought all
right no question about it okay
