F Sam's Apple's a Sam your weight just
moment role at MSNBC is needed now more
than ever in the last 24 hours
what I have seen from never Trump errs
ranges from why weren't you upset when
Obama did it to outrage compared to the
Holocaust
just a reminder ben Carson told
Breitbart in 2014 at the RNC trying to
tone down the rhetoric was ushering in
the Gestapo age the men took a stop I
mean look the the reality is is that the
Obama administration did develop a this
concept of family detention in part as a
deterrent it well it was it is it is a
it's an abhorrent policy separating
children from their parents I think is
have a another level of just raw cruelty
you know the the idea that if you come
to a country and you're going to be in a
you know basically a refugee camp an
internment camp with your family is as
one that the Obama administration I
think you know basically went down to El
Salvador and tried to sort of
communicate to everyone as a deterrent
horrible policy and certainly we talked
about how the private prison industry
saw immigration detention as a growth
business you know over the you know the
the past five or six seven eight years
and you know there's a lot of policies
that the Obama administration pursued
that was abhorrent that did not
the attention that it should have no
doubt but this is this is I mean this is
another level of disgusting this not
only is it another level discussing this
it's trying to articulate this this is
also and again I this is one where
people are gonna really need to get the
difference between objective description
and it's you know excusing a policy or
behavior everything Obama did with
regards to those policies is inexcusable
but the mistaken thinking behind it and
also what resulted in daca was a good
thing we've talked about it was a
triangulation strategy to pass something
this is a part of a broader push to
white America right and so in that sense
you could you know if you want to say
hey Bush and Obama were on a continuum
on immigration that's a completely fair
argument it's not just more
disgustingness it's a fundamental
different premise behind what they're
doing
Ichabod bode bod rider hey Sam I was
born in show duck I moved to valachia
when I was in high school working ghent
I called Coxsackie home these are all
places upstate in district 19 I've been
all over every inch of Rensselaer
Columbia and Ulster counties fallacious
Golden Harvest Farms has the best apple
cider doughnuts in the state I'm very
familiar with Golden Harvest Farms I go
almost every year to the to the the
blossom party that they have I know the
family bagel time and Hudson has the
best bagels outside the city I say that
to illustrate this imagine the coma
everyone else found even if I found
today's topic boring f/a so I I think
it's actually I mean the the specifics
of the race are less relevant than the
sort of the dynamic that's going on with
the democratic apparatus that can't seem
to function properly and so what are you
gonna do then just skip to the fun half
button Kindergarten Cop on Monday Jamie
voiced strong support for completely
open borders and
dissolution of the state is this view
held by the majority of the mr crew I
can't speak for anybody else here but I
am NOT for the dissolution of the state
I believe a state is necessary for a
functioning society I don't know that I
would have completely open borders but I
think I would let just about anyone in I
would III think if you have I think if
you've committed felonies and whatnot I
would would deport you but more or less
I wouldn't say don't have checkpoints
but I would be pretty close to open
borders but I think that's I mean it for
the most part yeah I think the road the
aspiration is open borders and also the
euro zone has done that pretty
successfully in fact how could the u.s.
support the social policies we need like
universal health care housing support
universal college education larger more
generous food programs and job
guarantees while not regulating or
restricting in any way the influx of new
immigrants into the into the nation can
we realistically afford to do both uh
actually I think we can't yeah look we
can and there's also that just that
tension between I understand that social
the critique like social democracy is
built on systems of global exploitation
nationalism fair enough you're also
never gonna build up the type of work or
power that could create that
international solidarity and support
without achieving at least forms of
social democracy to begin with so that's
the paradox
I agree with that as a stop in the way I
mean I'm not advocating for open borders
in a vacuum right like I'm advocating
for this as part of a long term horizon
wherein we get rid of wage labor the
state the capitalist state I should say
the bourgeois state like obviously there
still needs to be some sort of
administrative
to organize big projects and distribute
resources also private property so like
yeah this is part of my long-term
horizon wherein we have global socialism
this isn't just one thing that I want to
do to fix America the the I mean the
only problem is that there is going to
be a significant even in you know a
significant percentage of our population
which is going to I think always have a
resent of the other I think in in and I
think that I think that just exists
disagree
for instance in Sweden right now
apparently the most popular party among
Swedish men 26% is the Swedish Democrats
which is a racist anti-immigrant party
Sweden of course has a very generous
welfare state what isn't that kind of
what we were just talking about though
like once you draw a line around a
country and say the people in here get
these goods they were giving to Swedish
people and everyone else like it creates
an incentive to keep people out so that
you know like the perception that it's a
zero-sum game or whatever like we have
to take care of our own
also I wonder how I mean I'm not I mean
so the the question is is how do you how
do you coordinate that amongst I mean I
I suppose if you know if we're alive for
the entire world to offer the the same
benefits if that's what your scar
actually is an interesting
counter-argument on this sort of like
the typical we can't have a social
democracy because social democracies
work in racially homogenized countries
actually have one is actually making the
argument that especially relative to
places like Sweden the United States
actually overall barring the groups of
people you're talking about that are
just like political enemies and we need
to defeat has a much better record
action
compared to Europe with multiracial
politics and coalition I think so
actually so actually you could flip it
here and potentially have a broader
ground for some type of achievement like
that and in a place like Sweden when
there there is just a lot of backlash
because it went for it's like
homogeneous Rio liberal pleasures and
resurgent fascism with a country that
never did have to really integrate to
begin with so I I'm simply saying that
there's going to be those people that
regard my situation is I'm gonna have to
deal with them you know eat them defeat
them yes marginalize Succot marginalize
them suck it up you keep your guns you
keep your you got and clutch to it
that's right and will even give you a
healthcare you
that's what's so funny it's like you're
gonna have to suck up getting Medicare
for all you pricks yep
I want to have health care too
I mean socialism I think the way that
the the u.s. supports these social
policies is also like I said earlier to
to look at what we can do to mitigate
the problems in Central America I mean
the fact is it's not you know you don't
live in Honduras and go like god I just
I want to be I want to be you know I
want to live on like you know by the
side of a highway with the strip malls
and in in in the United States no these
are these these would be very nice
places to live people like to live
amongst they're sort of like we're their
parents lived in many instances they
feel more comfortable in their own
culture the thing that makes it
uncomfortable is when you have people
who are threatening your the lives of
your children or your life or you don't
have the ability to feed your family I
mean so the supposition that all these
people if we were to open the border and
simultaneously offer a a more robust
welfare state in this country
that and if we were to mitigate the
problems in central bay that people
would still come pouring through the
border to get these benefits I think
it's just not the case well you know
what would be cool though like I think
the more you know idealized thing and
again there's a lot of problems in the
eurozone but it would be yeah everybody
would it would almost be like I'm what
if the Americas generally just had open
borders between each other and people
could travel and move freely and of
course I live where they wanted to live
you know if you know that would that
would be what we're working if we had
policies yeah that was probably powerful
kind of cisely we're talking about yeah
would mitigate the the the suffering in
amongst our neighbors and near neighbors
I don't think that we would see you know
I mean even people who come here to work
they go back home they go back and forth
the border I mean that's the way it
worked for a long time and there would
be no reason for them if this was such a
you know this was such a perfect option
and people don't necessarily want to
leave their home country yeah and don't
forget to we already have open borders
for global capital like the way that the
global economy is structured we have
global capital flowing pretty much
however it wants to creating these push
and pull forces but the borders are not
open for human beings so they're
squeezed into this impossible position
where the you know the flow of global
capital is forcing them in a certain
direction but you know the barriers to
humans are another thing entirely
Louis seventy-seven what do you think is
the expiration date on Stephen Miller's
involvement at the White House is anti
human perspective matches the dudes
perpetual Deadite expression I you know
I it's gonna be interesting to see would
the fallout from this whether or not
Trump can still trust this guy but he's
also very cagey smart about not getting
too far out in front of these things
that's why they pulled back that audio
in the New York Times I think cuz he
knows like I don't want he doesn't want
to become
Steve Bannon Sam let us not forget this
the nature in essence of America
disposes discriminates eliminate brown
and black and poor it's what really it's
reality what manifest destiny crap is
about
oh that caller from Arkansas she nailed
that the Dems can't reach those folks
can only deprogram if progressives or
socialists can take over the country and
those are the ones that as I say like I
haven't some people he just got a beat
there's no contradiction I mean I think
Hillary Clinton wasn't all that far off
when she was like hmm half of these
people are deployables can't be saved
half of them might be okay given the
correct set of circumstances but you're
okay but like you know vote for vote for
us or whatever decent pajama boy how can
we change the d-triple-c I'm signed up
to volunteer this year do I cancel I
don't know
I honestly I don't know what I I don't
know that I would necessarily cancel I
mean I think like you know when you're
talking about the general election I
don't know how that's done I think it's
really more like I mean sad to say on
some level it's like whoever the donor
class is that says I would give you
money but let me check with the that has
to be done eliminated I think like you
know outside groups that work in concert
with the d-triple-c they have to it has
to come basically where they lose all
their support and I would start with
institutions that you're involved with
that are supportive of the d-triple-c
that's I think where I would start Sean
Republicans don't want to take away kids
like shitty dad doesn't want to whip
their kids crayon fellatio okay
Trump ripping a baby from mother's arms
has taken my favorite Trump subject out
of the news porking porn stars es frat
guy New York Times CNN fascination with
Trump voters is fascinating they support
his immigration policy shocker okay
bad lobster Trevor Noah's siding with
the White House and saying it's the
Democrats fault I'm gonna click on it
just because doesn't the toddler in
chief have a military parade in two
weeks anyone there should represent the
newly created space force
Sam's tinder profile hey girl swipe
right did you see me dunking on those
right-wing nut back as a few days ago on
the majority report imagine me in real
life duties f-bomb a great book on
fracking is frack APPA lee the future of
energy in the environment of when i when
i outer she informs a reader how
wastewater from fracking got into our
food supply mark and Jersey so it's
official my wife is not allowing the
news on our TVs after she started crying
along with Sam I mean Rachel Maddow last
night but I get it it's getting
frustrating being perpetually outraged
by something this administration has
done did you guys catch the video the
young girl's being moved in the dead of
the night needs Harlem police put
blankets over them to disguise their
identities the administration plans
under porting them then why shipped them
all over the country what's going on
here
does does Matt lose his super producer
title after dropping the video feed
multiple times today that's not on him I
win it back when I fixed it in the
middle of the show
[Music]
teacher Bibi what it's always struck me
regarding the issue of immigration it's
the application of the golden rule who
wouldn't break the law to improve their
family's lives how can anyone condemn
someone for doing what they themselves
would do hillside or I really love the
caller from Arkansas yesterday I'm in
the middle of a book about Falwell and
Pat Robertson called and the like called
American fascist by Chris Hedges it's
pretty terrifying it definitely makes
the Evangelic kills ability to latch on
to Trump makes sense those people are
really in the game of brainwashing and I
say this with someone who identifies as
a Christian jay-j the sea plane I made a
pit stop over my house and visited my
wife okay classless creative look Sam
sometimes you're Guatemalan you wake up
you say you know I love living under
constant threats of domestic violence
but I really like some brunch in El Paso
it's that kind of casual migration we
need to stop Bopper Nando lawsuit claims
children at senta's centers are being
forcibly administered antipsychotic
drugs to control agitation aggressive
behavior court filings are from April I
can't believe this has been going on
this long the Chris lapacho yesterday
you said you weren't going to reward
people called in at the start of the
show and camped out on hold when would
you like people are calling your wrath
do you have any not-so-obvious tips for
callers very good calling from a 949
area code who's this where you calling
from oh this is Michael from Orange
County hello my don't want to know it's
I wanted to know if you know anything
about this bill that Ted Cruz introduced
s point 3 0 9 1 I don't supposed to
supposed to help the kids at the border
I mean I think it's probably garments
but if Ted Cruz suggested it I would
know it's it's it's basically as far as
I understand it's what Trump's about to
do I mean this it's it's it's really
really important to both count this
specific policy of children being ripped
in their parents that stopping
being understood to be a victory and
momentum but at the same time keeping
families in privately administered
detention centers is still a crime
against humanity as far as I'm concerned
and that's what Cruz was proposing I
think he was proposing stop separating
the children but everything else just
sort of go forward which is still
obscene yeah you can do right there's
there's other alternatives including
anything ranging from like electronic
bracelets to what they call what is it
frequent touch situations where people
need to report in to like some form of
like you know checking with with the ice
officials on a regular basis so that as
your case your Asylum case is being
administered that you know you can me
maintain contact with the authorities
and you ready for a little world class
we should call ABC News is reporting
it's been picked up a lot of other
places but I'm assuming ABC's been
reporting most of his stories Michael
Cohen has just resigned from the
Republican National Committee Finance
Committee oh and he said this is the
part whatever this important role
requires full time and attention and
dedication each member given the ongoing
mole investigation it's simply
impossible for me to do blah blah blah
however Cohen also slams president
Trump's 0 policy a zero tolerance policy
of separating families after us-mexico
border as the son of a Polish Holocaust
survivor the images and sounds of this
family separation policy is
heart-wrenching Cohen wrote while I
strongly support measures that will
secure our porous borders children
should never be used as bargaining chips
the rats are leaving the ship yeah to
say the least I just wanted to give you
a chest
[Laughter]
