[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic
you like what you see now well some on
this it's just a mirror America shared
sacrifice by everybody what could it do
to you except that your image I did
nothing wrong at the Minneapolis Airport
far more credible to me than PBS and
frontline the majority report with sam
cedar
[Music]
it is Tuesday Election Day November 7th
2017 my name is Sam cedar this is the
five-time award-winning majority report
we are broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today author
Dave now work on alt America the rise of
the radical right in the age of Trump
meanwhile like I say today is election
day huge implications for the race for
governor in Virginia possibly some
pickups on the state delegate side not
gonna take over that State House but
super important race for governor there
in Washington State one special election
for a state senator could turn the
entire West Coast blue also New Jersey
Maine some in New York across the
country some important elections will
talk about meanwhile Wilbur Ross
financial ties to Putin's family
revealed in the Paradise Papers which
expose international tax evading
oligarchs and speaking of which Robert
Mercer's dealings exposed in those
papers how he funded Steve bannon's 2016
electoral efforts meanwhile Carter pages
testimony is released and he's nuts
and in trouble I don't know and I think
he's also been made broke by his legal
fees you know Chris Hayes also our
program today
it's November so you know what that
means we're nearing December so you know
what that means we're going to be
dealing with a possible government
shutdown as is the norm now in these
days meanwhile is Saudi Arabia leading a
war effort against Iran is that in the
offing all this and more and then 45
minutes of talking about the minutia of
the DNC
all that and more on today's program
yeah a regional war in the Middle East
the whole world's coming apart but
anyways did you hear about a regional
bylaw that was pushed through to hell my
wife for 2014 we all spent a week
talking about that and nothing else we
know do you see on my show I was making
unannounced
I was speaking to two Tiggy Lawson who
we got to get back on a Friday one of
these Fridays and he's like reading this
piece I'm like I said reading this piece
this guy and I'm like what how myopic is
this are you really writing an entire
piece about this with with what's going
on that stuff is like and I said yeah
right now it's all like it is the whole
sort of left Internet it seems like or
at least Twitter is it's like two bald
guys fighting over a comb it really it's
just sort of the most insignificant and
in trivial sort of but nevertheless we
will spend two and a half hours in the
fun half talking about it I'm going to
give you a breakdown of of these races
look the bottom line is go out and vote
but Virginia is looking right now it's
early it's 12 noon right now Virginia is
looking pretty good but go out we'll
have more of that in the fun half but
make sure you you run and what's
happening in Washington State is
is gonna be pretty amazing there is a
state Senate seat special election this
will turn the state Senate if the
Democrat wins for the Democrats which
will mean that Democrats will control
all aspects all aspects of government in
California Washington and Oregon and
they're already meeting the governors
are already meeting talking about like
what they can do to basically just
create a region of the country that is
going to pursue progressive policies
climate health care immigration a whole
set of issues that we will we will talk
about so I hope you're well you're well
rested but if you're not maybe part of
the problem is your sheets they just
turn the heat on in my building you know
and when you live in this apartment
building like like ours you don't really
get it much of a choice with the heat
you can turn the dial but we're in a
line we're like apparently the boilers
below us so it's super hot so it's just
it's actually return to sheet only
season for us in our house and
fortunately now we have our Brooklyn in
sheets Brooklyn and dot-com you can get
high quality sheets and bedding and
without the luxury retail prices and
they feel good folks they're beautiful
sheets they cut out the unnecessary
markups you know all the like retail
licensing fees the manufacturing waste
and they offer high-end designs and
exceptional savings across their entire
collection they were named winner of the
best online bedding category by Good
Housekeeping these things are for real
folks
they got versatile colors patterns he
can mix and match
meant any decor this is basically I mean
basically this is luxury bedding
completely under priced you have to try
these sheets today folks and here's the
beauty of it I tell you I love my
Brooklyn and sheets you try these sheets
I know you're gonna love them to
Brooklyn and Comm has an exclusive offer
just for my listeners you get $20 off
and free shipping
using the kupo TV promo code majority at
brooklyn and calm $20 off and free
shipping use the promo code majority at
brooklyn and calm in fact brooklyn is so
confident that you're gonna love your
new sheets they offer a 60 night
risk-free satisfaction guarantee and a
lifetime warranty on all their sheets
and comforters there's no reason not to
give these sheets a try for yourself or
as a gift this holiday season this is
actually with great gifts for your kids
for your folks you can get this for my
mom give the gift of luxury sheets the
only way to get $20 off and free
shipping is to use the promo code
majority at Brooklyn and Comm
that's Brooklyn and BR oh okay Li n en
dot-com promo code majority Brooklyn and
these are the best sheets ever so check
those out meanwhile was also talking to
gay bi how I want to basically stay in
my apartment all the time now I don't
want to go outside anymore
inspiring yeah super inspiring but but
I'm here but now I don't want to leave
the office
that's basically it tell us about it
well the beauty is I don't have to now
even if I have to mail something you can
avoid the hassle of leaving your office
or your home and mail everything from
postcards to envelopes to packages
domestic or international with stamps
comm stamps comm lets you buy and print
official US Post
for any letter any package any class of
mail using your own computer and printer
this is a one-stop shopping experience
here doesn't matter you got a postcard
whatever you click print mail you're
done
stamps calm never closes
you can print postage for letters or
packages at your convenience 24/7 kid
wakes you up to 5:00 in the morning cuz
he's peed his bed you put him back to
sleep then you print out some stamps and
stand and mail your letter so you don't
forget it the next morning
plus they send you a digital scale that
automatically calculates exact postage
help you decide the best class from Ella
your needs oh I'm sorry are you buying
two DVDs from the cedar collection or
three at pilot season DVDs calm if it's
three I don't know how much that weighs
but I put it on my scale and now I know
you even get discounts you can't get at
the post office stamps calm brings all
the services of the US Postal Service
right to your fingertips right now you
too can enjoy stamps comm service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without long term commitments just go to
stamps com click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
majority report that stamps comm enter
majority report stamps comm never have
to leave where you are again lastly
folks if you're an adult especially one
with kids you know you need life
insurance this is like this was when
Milo was born for like a year or two we
just had this sort of honestly I felt
like there was like just sort of
Damocles over my head that we hadn't
bought life insurance yet there the the
sense of relief is tremendous but it's
it's easy to put it off shopping for
life insurance it's confusing for me
even in my well into my 30s I was
basically just like a little child I had
no idea how to do
no idea policy genius lets you compare
life insurance from top providers on
line it takes as little of five minutes
if you're busy one minute per day for
five days it's super easy I checked this
out I had already bought my term
insurance okay
like I said when Milo was born but I
went through the process on policy
genius to check it out super easy you
find a policy you like you want to know
more you can talk to one of their
licensed experts but if you're just
browsing you don't have to talk to
anybody you can browse away and they
don't just do life insurance you can get
disability insurance renter's insurance
pet insurance compare health insurance
check it out folks I've said before I've
recommend term life insurance distance I
did a lot of reading on it you get it
for you know past the time maybe the
kids are going to college or you know
set them up but some people get whole
life insurance but term easy thing to do
you know how much you're gonna pay you
know for how long you're gonna pay it
and if anything happens during that time
your family your kids are taken care of
if you need life insurance but you've
been putting it off try policy genius
you can compare life insurance online on
your own terms in your own time policy
genius.com
because you should only be forced to
speak to an agent if you've committed a
federal crime
speaking of which we will also be
talking in the fun half about Carter
Paige's testimony yeah there are email
but you know I don't know I mean yeah I
go to Russia but there are other people
what was your question
interview yes I would like to yeah
in New Jersey right now there is
apparently one of the things I think the
are they voting on this in New Jersey
there are Democrats in the state
legislature who want to reduce the
number of towns to do away with
duplication of service and employment
that would save money for tax payers
which makes sense based upon maybe town
to town I don't know I mean I Brandon
your New Jersey guy right
too many towns I guess hey what the
do I know I just make South sheets
oh don't be so disrespectful well maybe
he's getting a little bit he's enjoying
the final days of chris Christie who was
out in voting is that his wife behind
him you know she really enjoys how much
of an a-hole this guy is here he is
doesn't he
a local woman speaks to his the the
soon-to-be former governor the least
popular governor I believe in the
country maybe the world and he wants to
remind New Jersey voters why they hate
him so much really happy day for us yes
sure man why not
because I can't oh yeah well that's
governor I can't I can't I don't have
the authority to do it well you know
what
you can listen yeah well you listen go
in and vote go in and vote whatever you
want I never said I was gonna merge the
two towns I understand you're so
frustrated and you know it the easiest
thing in the world the easiest thing in
the world is to stand where you stand to
stand on the sidelines and and crit and
critique and while you're not and but
you're the one here doing the critiquing
so you know what do you want you want to
burst you live in the township you want
to merge meant the township in Minden
borough run for the township committee
run run for the tent run for the task of
quinium in the township and be the voice
to do it no I know because that's too
hard it's easier it's easier to sit here
it's easier to sit here and complain
I'm sure easier to sit here and complain
but you know what that's the joy of
public service it's serving it's serving
folks it's it's serving folks yeah it's
serving it's serving folks like you that
is really such a unique joy yes you're
fabulous he started he started off with
it can I ask you a question sure why not
it was like they had seen each other you
think I'm a public servant why not and
his wife really
I mean you won you've always wondered
like how would anyone want to stay with
someone who's such clearly an a-hole and
she really genuinely seems to appreciate
that about you know the other thing I
like though is when he when she's like I
don't have the money like you and he was
coming oh yeah sure you're not a Wall
Street lobbyist sure you're not a bush
bundler lady I've seen you
lobbying to get rid of derivatives
regulations don't lie to me
unbelievable all right we're gonna take
a quick break when we come back we'll be
talking to Dave Nye word later in the
program we'll go over what's happening
but folks go vote we'll be right back
[Music]
I was feeling sad in kind of blue I
didn't know what I was gonna do the
Communist wasn't coming around it was in
the air they was on the ground it was
all over so rundown most heard lean join
the John Birch Society got me a secret
membership card went back home to the
yard started looking on the sidewalk
[Music]
under the hedges
well I got up in the morning look under
my bed I was looking at a slave with him
gall-darn reads look behind the sinking
under the floor looking the glove
compartment of the car couldn't find any
look behind the clothes behind the chair
looking for them reds everywhere looked
up my chimney hole even deep down inside
my toilet bowl they got away
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report it is a pleasure to welcome back
to this program David nigh word author
of alt America rise of the radical right
in the age of Trump Dave welcome back to
the program always good to be here Sam
so you know the that there's there's a
quality to this of like you tried to
where they pulled me back in right like
you thought that is not a joke folks I
mean cuz you had written a book about
the killer whale right yeah and it was
really successful I had a lot of fun
selling it and and and I think you know
I think I I mean I definitely
interviewed you back when you were
talking about your book about the
Minutemen I think was in hell followed
with her right yeah and yeah and it was
a really grueling book to write and I
just so I felt like I needed to take a
break and so I wrote that book that I'd
wanted to write for a long time about
killer whales and it was you know kind
of a pleasure going out and selling it
and certainly was a pleasure right in it
so yeah I was getting ready to sort of
head off into the sunset with writing
huh well writing about whales but yeah
then Donald Trump came along well I mean
like some let's not I want to talk about
this just I mean it's it's an
interesting sort of analogy on some
level or could be in that I mean where
when we talk about the the all right and
and we talk about Donald Trump and what
I want to get to the the concept of your
concept of alt America but is this a
phenomena that is are we looking at like
an ab and flow is this a sort of a new
phenomena or is there is there
antecedents or is it simply me like what
give us contextualize what we're seeing
because and I should just remind people
you have been reporting on you know some
form or another of
of white nationalism white supremacy for
a couple of decades right I mean Idaho
yeah actually I had to deal with them in
the late 70s at my very first job when I
was a young 21 year old newspaper editor
in this panhandle of Idaho and and yeah
and of course we made a lot of mistakes
back then but I started covering them
really kind of seriously in the 1990s
when they started forming militias out
here and I just stayed on the story
because I could see it wasn't gonna go
away and it wasn't going away and they
were continuing to spread their
influence so it what what's really been
going on Sam has been a building
phenomenon this has been building for
years and Donald Trump just sort of
represents its apotheosis it's but it's
been going on for a long time it really
picked up a lot of momentum during the
Obama years because of the racist
backlash against having a black
president
I can't attribute it to anything else
and when you look at the dynamics of it
and certainly the rhetoric around it and
the belief systems that came bubbling up
I I really have no question that in my
mind that this has to do with a backlash
against you know the Obama presidency in
many regards and but also just it's it's
bubbling up because really we haven't
advanced very far since the 1960s when
it comes to civil rights for minorities
and so their their anger obviously is
still is starting to come up now because
you know we still have systemic
demographic oppression against people of
color and we still have law enforcement
that's wildly out of control when it
comes to handling of people of color so
I mean so one thing that I think you
know and and I think clearly right I
mean this is I mean certainly
Donald Trump is a function of the
backlash Donald Trump's acclaim at least
and this
I shouldn't say claim but his his
political salience I guess is a function
of Barack Obama almost you know like a
one-to-one relationship right I mean it
was his his birtherism but but more
broadly speaking I want to just stay on
this just for one more moment because I
mean we have I mean look right you can
see these and I think it was her name
escapes me but she wrote a book called
white rage which shows that you have you
know our history basically as a country
has been a function of black people are
emancipated a reconstruction happens
then there is a backlash to that and
that's where we get all these monuments
but to Lee and to the Civil War put up
and we see a rise in the KKK and then we
see some of that die down and then we
see a response and even in Social
Security the New Deal sort of leaves
African Americans out and then we see
things like redlining and and whatnot
and so there's always a sort of like two
steps forward maybe one step back type
of thing in terms of race relations
maybe maybe a step and a half back I
mean and right now maybe we're at one
point seven five steps back but but
where what other factors are at play I
mean because on one level to there's
like a lot of loss of sort of social
