alright let's take a call you're calling
from an 8 for 8 for 5 area code who are
you where you calling from 8:45 hey
Michael this is Michael Angelo from
Hobart New York hey Michael how you do
it Michael Angelo how are you doing man
what's on your mind
I'm scared shitless Michael I'll be
honest with you this IPCC report that
came out this morning someone who
someone who I'd like to follows you know
climate action environmental science
ecology declining global biomass and to
be honest with you
it's getting pretty scary you know I
don't think people realize what's what's
coming and yeah it's it's pretty
terrifying there's a real change coming
reckoning feels like mankind is kind of
sleepwalking into the apocalypse I don't
disagree with you I mean yes I mean
enn you are correct you in a half minute
CNN gave this story two and a half
minutes and it was done through a
weather report it was done through a
weather report okay I think it's
interesting I guess as as I guess in a
certain sense it is the weather um I
mean the only thing I'd say about this I
think that there's there's always the
tension particularly when you talk about
something like climate of what they
within social science they used to have
this terminology I don't know if it's
still current in the field but I
remember you know in college studying
Commons crises like 1012 years ago and
they would talk about basically crisis
messages versus empowerment messages and
what they meant was was they would do
these simulations where there were these
digital fish in a digital pond and
people would have a certain amount of
fishing they could do or couldn't do but
it wasn't governed it was all sort of
left to personal discretion now and
but I'll get to the second point in a
minute but basically what they would do
is they would send messages to the group
either being like we're running out of
fish this is being completely you know
people are reckless in their consumption
it needs to stop or we're gonna hit a
wall and everybody's not gonna have any
fish anymore
the behavior was that they actually
increased their yeah rate because their
perception was this is done anyways I'm
gonna get mine the other hand was
obviously when they said you know don't
worry about it of course it didn't
affect people's behavior but the
messages that were like this is
dangerous this is bad but something can
be done as I recall did have the most
positive effect now the problem with
studies like that is that obviously
something like climate change is not a
down to our personal behavior um
I'm not saying that people shouldn't you
know make decisions to lower their
carbon footprint and so on and so forth
that's very nice and is gonna be a
little bit of the you know piece of the
puzzle here but obviously in a macro
sense it's about policy and it's about
fundamentally it's about in my view not
just capitalism it's about it's about
capitalism it's about industrialization
it's about rates of consumption yep and
it's also about technological it is also
about technological innovation because
that is gonna have to be a piece of the
puzzle here because the rate of the
crisis were in you know and the
accelerator yeah it's accelerating and
also demand for all sorts of goods is
accelerating as well and so we are gonna
have to think about you know how do you
green supply chains and how do you get
more efficient vehicle fleets on the
road that's part of it but you know
there are itself even stipulates that
you know we're gonna have to extract
carbon out of the atmosphere at this
point right the mandatory you know
policy proposal to address the issue
globally right you know it's not even
enough to just reverse and limit carbon
emissions but we now have to extract as
well as part of the solution which is
just incredible yep and I saw something
today or yesterday as well centered
around Germany and their energy
see that they actually I think
Greenpeace was part of this that they're
facing a plateau of sorts because they
were forced to shut down some of their
nuclear power and they don't have enough
solar and wind to be able to sustain the
you know their electric grid and now
they're forcing they've kind of been
forced to go back to coal and oil
because you know nuclear is not seen as
a positive but maybe a necessity as part
of this transition just to the lynnae's
doubt nucular I'm extremely skeptical
for you know obvious reasons of nuclear
power but I mean I I don't owe a but you
know III hear what you're saying about I
mean maybe that's not something to be
dogmatic about although and I when you
look at what even just storing it means
from a basic safety perspective the
implications of it are horrifying and
potentially like mass scale catastrophic
in terms of like you know hundreds of
millions of deaths so I'm very wary of
it and obviously I think part of what
happened in Germany was that the
phase-out had started under the Schroder
Fisher government of 98 to 2005 which is
when to that government's credit for
they were absolutely in a third way
tradition but they certainly accelerated
solar wind and they made a lot of
improvements and upgrades to the energy
infrastructure of Germany and they did
green policies to some extent some
significant extent they were also
phasing out nuclear nuclear and Merkel
stopped the process if I recall and then
restarted it after what happened to
Japan in 2011 so yeah I don't I don't
know the answer on that one I'm
extremely wary it one that no go ahead
that I feel something that you know is
worth talking about as well given what's
happening with Brazil is that the global
rise of fascism in the far right right
now is going to be antithetical to any
real attempt at reversing our current
trajectory because the nationalism
present within that ideology is going to
be
very limiting when we need to kind of
coalesce of the global people to a very
issue well yeah it because it's three I
mean the one component is the bigotry in
the nationalism the xenophobia and the
division and and the formalization of
you know just the elimination as
perspective on most people's lives
frankly that's combined with the fact
that you know when really given the
choice it you know and in Brazil the
international financial press to some
extent like The Economist actually put
out a serious anti bolsa narrow
editorial but national you know money
and industry is lining up behind the
fascist so money breaks fascist even if
they don't think it's polite and then
that and then the third component which
I I'll emphasize I think is definitely
the least important it is a byproduct
not a foundation but there is a
religious fanatic component of it and
when you start to look at what yeah it's
Saudi Arabia or Brazil or the United
States that fusion of well maybe there
are a lot of lives that will be lost but
as long as they're the right lives
people of color so on we can set up a
gated community system we can increase
violence which is what balsan arrow
campaigned on specifically empowering
police and paramilitaries to kill more
people in favelas the military
dictatorship in Brazil didn't kill
enough people according to to to balsa
narrow so you know you fought and then
you if you fuse that together with the
with the corporate interests and you
know a very you know a primitive in a
proper use of that word expression of
religion I mean yeah that's a toxic
cocktail that's actually the cocktail
that with the destruction of the left in
the Middle East that's one of the reason
the Middle East has so many problems I
mean really is it's like if you kind of
have unbridled feudalistic capitalism
and the only kind of public outlet
that's available is a very narrow type
of religion
you have no civil society there's no
labor unions there isn't you know there
isn't sort of vectors for that
expression and in some places it's a
more privileged experience than other
than others right if you live in the
Emirates or something and you're a
citizen
you could have an incredibly nice
lifestyle not a sustainable one but a
very nice lifestyle and you know but
that's built on all sorts of
exploitative feudal labor practices so
yeah I'm not just go up yeah thanks man
I'm sorry all right
thanks man all right let's get to this
this is a sound of Puteri Tallis I
apologize in advance
he is secretary-general of what though
he's not the secretary-general of the UN
that's Gutierrez he's the
secretary-general of the international
governmental Panel on Climate Change and
he's presenting the conclusions of a new
climate report at the UN this is where
we're at I'm not saying she's already
visible and it's it's having having
impacts on on human beings ecosystems or
all around the world and and and we can
still limit the warming to 1.5 degrees
but this would change many things how we
run our everyday business today one of
the major issues is that they would be
for 420 million people less suffering
because of climate sense if we would be
able to limit the warming to 1.5 degree
level and we have certain areas in in in
the world which are extremely sensitive
it's the small island states
Mediterranean region and also
sub-saharan Africa which bits are
already suffering and will suffer the
most in the future with two degrees we
would have ice cream summer into Arctic
every year and
once per decade but but the 1.5 we would
see it only once per hundred three
hundred years so that's the science and
that's the reality you know give or take
some variables that I'm sure gonna be
you know adjusted we might even be in a
worse shape than he's saying
that's the thing about the Bret Stevens
column like who knows they could be
wrong they could be wrong in either
direction they can be wrong in either
direction and the likelihood of you're
less than 1% contrary and fantasy that
this is just a that this is no problem
and they'll just be more prime
beachfront real estate opening up in
more places that like mangoes grow in
your fantasy world which has very little
relationship to any established science
on this versus they could be
soft-pedaling how dangerous this is is
you know it could break either way and
one way it could break fits with reality
and the other way it break it could
break is just contrary and nonsensical
musings of a Brett Stevens now the only
other thread I think to add to this
besides that this is incredibly
dangerous and incredibly serious and
that climate global ecology collapse the
global ecological crisis as expressed
through climate change is expressed to
rapid elimination of various species and
plant life and biodiversity should be if
not the absolutely one of the organizing
principles of upon which we do politics
globally but really think about how
we're designing our lives from our food
to our transportation system to even our
sense of relationship to the world
around us I mean some of this actually
does get into some very genuinely
existential questions about human
experience the other sort of dividing
line is if you if you were to say that
there were three poles of this right now
there is the fact that we are in
profound deep crisis the fact that
whether it's Donald Trump or bolson ro
or you know obviously all of the
Republican Party or any or most emergent
fascist regimes are not serious in fact
they might even be going in the other
direction
in terms of dealing with climate
certainly in Trump's case he is Modi
it's a bit more complicated he's
actually rapidly deployed some
sustainable energy technologies in India
but still nothing to overwhelm India's
sort of carbon footprint Indies carbon
footprint so we have that one pole then
we have say Jerry Brown exemplifying a
technocratic long-range approach to
climate which is obviously again in a
world of relative choices it's way
better than Trump it's way better that
you have a governor of California
forcing efficiency upgrades having a
different car fleet having different
energy standards but at the same time as
Joshua Kahn who's an associate of mine
in a global climate activists there's no
justice in that Jerry Brown vision
that's why the issues of environmental
racism in California have not been
addressed at the same time as this sort
of all of this rapid action on climate
change that's why there's still fracking
permits being given which
disproportionately Nelly's bad for the
environment but disproportionately
affects certain more vulnerable
communities so if you don't have a
justice dimension and you don't have a
dimension that deals with capital you
will have a fight between elimination
assists whose policy the the Trump
administration recently the EPA I
believe put out a document banking on a
7 degree increase in temperature in 100
years from now that is a built in
assumption of a radically scarred
dangerous death filled world but I could
also imagine that a lot of people see a
lot of opportunity for gated communities
for private militias for you know all
sorts of business opportunities for the
black waters or whatever Z or whatever
the hell it's called to the world to
monitor police to terror
as populations like environmental
refugees and we already see that you
can't reduce what's happened to Syria to
one variable at all but there is a
climate dimension to what happened in
Syria and so the same you know outbreak
of xenophobia and racism targeted
towards people in the Middle East going
into Europe has a direct climate
dimension
so there's fascist verse technocrat and
then there's also the justice dimension
of actually dealing with ecology in a
way that integrates with broad human
concern and we don't have much time and
obviously and again I'll emphasize again
in the relative world the Jerry Brown
versatile Trump that's the type of thing
where you go out and you do an
intelligent vote and you don't have a
fantasy life and you actually make a
concrete decision to choose one option
that's better than the other but
structurally and fundamentally that
choice it's still gonna leave it's not
just gonna leave tens of millions of
people behind and harm tens of millions
of people it won't get the job done
structurally what's this tweet man so
there's just a tweet I saw on Twitter
he's a gala gala I got a laugh when
people say especially rich countries
aren't doing anything in the face of
climate change it simply isn't true
they've been busy for to find themselves
against the very victims of climate
change that they created at the expense
of their own development and it's
interesting and it's a sort of thing we
sort of touched on an earlier but when
we talk about expanding representation
to people it can't just be within the
United States right because even if we
had a universal very healthy universal
basic income it would basically be at
the on the backs of poor nations
basically right so we need to figure out
a way to I mean it's such a huge project
right but it's a huge project it's a you
it is a time where there's no option but
ambition
and anybody who says that they have a
simple answer for any of this I mean I
think there's simple values there's
modes of analysis that makes sense but I
mean it's enormous ly complicated in
terms of how you actually do this but at
least you need to be real about what
needs to be done and I think you also
need to be real about what your playing
field is right because I think there are
some people who probably would say look
if we can fortify a certain type of
lifestyle and protect things in a
certain way in the same way that it's
not a national scandal that Apple and
our whole business is built on let's
take a micro example illegally mined
minerals from the Democratic Republic of
Congo which have continued to fuel one
of the most horrific multi-party civil
wars on the planet I mean that attitude
of indifference can just be scaled you
know in that second technocratic climate
model makes me think things like like it
rights just basic water and sustenance I
think I've thinks I've thought so often
over the past couple months about how
Kimber what the status but doesn't
Nestle yes amount of our fresh waters I
don't know the stat but they do it was
it needs to be ended immediately there
was a serious controversy at the United
Nations in 2011 or 10 about even just a
symbolic public recognition as water as
a human right it eventually was passed
because the United States and France
then veto it but the it was a present
vote because of literally you know
concerned about even just
bottled water companies so yes 100% and
a lot of that has to do with reclaiming
an idea of Commons you know that that is
and that is a Marxist viewpoint and it's
also
it could be an anarchist viewpoint it
could be a liberal viewpoint there has
to be some understanding that there are
massive swathes of human existence most
many of them ecological and also I'd
argue a lot of them technological that
were not generated by markets and they
are the product of either shared human
inheritance or shared human creativity
and they're getting eliminated and
privatized and profited from in a purely
predatory criminal manner yeah I haven't
seen the movie but Michael burry who's
the guy in the big short has been
exclusively trading in water commodities
since like 2015 Rick you want to have an
idea of where things are moving like
he's the guy in the movie who sees along
with a handful of others where the
housing market is going so he's seeing
the same thing with fresh water supplies
and if you go I mean and again like he
says in the report go back and read a
book like resource Wars which came out I
think during the Bush era it's certainly
at least 10 years old by Michael Claire
was a security studies professor at
Hampshire College dare already was every
single conflict you could look at in the
world including ones that people don't
pay any attention to and don't care
about and you know have no reference for
its small arms which are usually coming
from the United States maybe China that
fuel but the the literal mechanics of
the conflict and most of the arguments
have to do with gold minerals timber
water that's it
I mean it's another I won't get into
some new atheist thing but it's like
it's another example of how in the real
world and even if you don't understand
that you're operating in the real world
that most most events are driven by the
very basic stuff it's not about like
ideas and this and that abstraction it's
who gets what where when and how and the
ideas we should have our ideas and
ethical commitments to people having
as Matt said a good just life where they
can access and participate in the
commons themselves and have their human
needs met
