[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well stop on
this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport homage our
day rub far more credible to me than PBS
and frontline the majority report with
sam cedar
it is Thursday November 9th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today the
great David Day an author of chain of
title on why air travel is such a living
hell
hint it has to do with deregulation
also on the program today in the wake of
the Virginia results publicans tax plans
may be a little bit jumbled meanwhile
Trump in China heading to Vietnam to
meet putti Putin and celebrate the
four-year anniversary of the making of
the P tape meanwhile the assault on the
administrative state rolls on State
Department and education departments
shockingly understaffed and speaking of
shocking the three richest Americans in
this country own more than the bottom
50% of Americans in this country
18t and the DOJ may be headed to court
for all the right reasons
and is there a salt loophole for
pass-throughs house very well may have a
tax bill that has a massive hole in it
and they don't realize it and for state
AG's to oppose the Sinclair Tribune
media merger and surprise surprise
seems like some of those classic diehard
Trump voters they don't care about
anything except for those damn Blackie's
in the NFL all this and more on today's
program I mean I I don't know why I
actually dip in and read those stupid
like every couple of weeks like I
traveled back to the same place I travel
back to three months ago the same place
I traveled back to three months before
that and then three months before that
when I was talking some real Trump
voters I'm gonna be vague I'm gonna be
vague about who they voted for in the
past because I got a thesis going here
and I don't want to ruin it by saying
they've always basically voted for
Republicans anyways and if there is one
person in there who actually voted for
Obama the first time I'm gonna make sure
you see that and ostensibly I'm gonna
make this about trying to understand
folks because it's important that we
reach out and have a discourse and then
by the end of the piece you're gonna
realize yeah they just hate black people
one of these times though there's gonna
be such a good insight that we all start
getting along again that's it's true
that our they need to share the good
barbecue place is that their expensing
here is yeah exactly the well I don't
get senses it a lot of good places left
in some of these towns they sound pretty
desperate and yes I get it that if you
are living in
a hopeless area that sometimes you know
that will increase your likelihood of of
taking issue with black people who
happen to be football players
I think that's well-founded dynamic but
yeah I don't know I don't know why I
keep reading it I keep reading those
things but it is there's something there
good clickbait I don't even know why I
brought that up that was the last thing
I read before I came on in and was it
bothered me a little bit I will maybe
I'll talk a little bit more about that
piece later but maybe perhaps more
importantly and maybe in some ways just
as sort of a flip side of that coin I
got an email from a listener Tim who has
been living in Virginia for nine years
he was a local volunteer doing data work
and canvassing on three different
presidential elections in Virginia he
said however this is the first year I've
ever received a call on an off year
election by the contestants to host
volunteers and hosts and volunteers a
canvasser etc this was an activated base
that worked and the contestants worked
with us we hosted a pareo low volunteer
for a month and when he lost we decided
to work with Northam by June Northam had
paid organizers in Norfolk his hometown
one of them had worked with the Clinton
campaign and we had worked with her in
2016 while she was from Richmond she
understood the local territory of
Norfolk they got or volunteers organized
by July by August people were doing
local data entry says this sounds pretty
pedestrian but we had never seen
anything like this for a gubernatorial
campaign by Dems in Virginia and this
was our third by early September the
Dems had passed a million doors knock
mark and it kept rolling from there in
October you began to hear radio ads
clearly aimed at african-american voters
that frame their vote from Northam is a
rejection the white supremacist and the
events at Charlottesville final it was
clear the Dems had reached out to
individual unions like the afl-cio
sciu packs focus on getting
african-americans involved in as
mentioned earlier residual networks left
by Clinton and Sanders all this is a
long way to say there was a ton of
rubber put on the road and in some cases
it really helped he goes on to give some
examples about about increased turnout
in these areas so the bottom line is
folks that obviously you know this is
going to take a lot of work but the work
pays off and you can invest stuff into
messaging and whatnot but at the end of
the day it's going to take a just
massive mobilization it's not just gonna
be about people are gonna be motivated
to come out and vote against Donald
Trump that's gonna help but it's going
to involve massive motivation you know a
mobilization and like everything he
references here are about vestiges of
infrastructure that was built for prior
races right so Perry yellow who and you
know you see a lot of stuff like where
were you know where is the somebody
responded to you know I retweeted Dave
waggles point about saying this is not
about a you know north and being
moderate in Virginia he was considered
to be the most liberal governor
candidate that we've had in generations
and someone wrote back to me no not true
the you know they want to pick a fight
about Bernie Sanders Bernie bros
whatever tom Perriello by everyone's
account who ran against Northam was if
you could point to a single individual
outside of north imported
went above and beyond to get him elected
tom Perriello was that guy and in
addition the infrastructure there's a
good example the infrastructure that
Perry al created was then just ported
over to North him and part of that
infrastructure came from Bernie and
Clinton before the
and so you know there's it's really hard
to look to Virginia and come away with
anything other than what wins elections
are people being engaged so good news
coming out that we're still waiting to
hear what's happening with these
recounts they've been going back and
forth a little bit they've found a
hundred votes here or something like
that but as far as I know
still Democrats won fourteen seats and
our for our extant for those seats are
extant so we'll see meanwhile it is now
November ninth we have not started the
war on Christmas I generally like to
start that after Thanksgiving because I
like to have a nice meal first
but right now is a perfect time to start
thinking about what you're going to get
someone for the holidays Hanukkah coming
up middle of December
think about it folks well I've got a
perfect idea for you
movement watches MVM T all that
gift-giving anxiety you can disappear
with a press of a button these watches
make the perfect purchase for just about
anyone in your life guy girl man woman
and they only start had they started
only $95.00 you've heard me talk about
MVM T I'm sure you got yourself a watch
if you were smart about it
now here's an easy way to finish your
holiday shopping get an MB MT watch for
someone on your list the holiday
shopping season like I say is we're here
you can wipe out like half of your
anxiety one one click away
skip the crowds standing crazy lines and
you can get your gift ease a gift
they're gonna love movement watches
start at $95 at a department store
you're looking at four to five hundred
bucks for this
they figured out by selling online
they're able to cut out the middleman
and retail markup providing the best
possible price MV MT watches make a
wonderful gift the classic design
quality construction styled minimalism
nikki still wears hers every day over 1
million watch is sold in a hundred and
sixty countries today you can get 15%
off with free shipping and free returns
by going to MVM t.com slash majority
this watch has a really clean design it
makes a great fashion statement now is
the time to step up your gift-giving and
watch game go to nvm t.com slash
majority MVM t.com slash majority joined
the movement get 15% off with free
shipping and free returns are you gonna
take quick break we come back the great
david gayen will be here to discuss well
i'm going to talk to about his big piece
on the Airline Deregulation
may surprise you where that got where
deregulation started of the airline
industry and I think we'll also talk
about you know like a typical David day
and he's got like four pieces out that I
want to talk to him about that he's
written in the past that I think like 17
hours Wilbur Ross I also want to talk to
him about this 18 T do J possible court
involvement we'll be right back after
this
[Music]
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report is that the John Spencer Blues
Explosion
sort of said was the o C's I don't know
what that means
all right folks on the phone it is
always a pleasure to welcome this next
young man to the program he writes at
the intercept he writes at the New
Republic he writes at The American
Prospect he writes at the Nation
magazine he is the author of chain of
title I left off like 14 other
publications that he writes for
simultaneously David day and welcome
back to the program thank you thank you
for calling me young men well you know
relatively speaking we've known each
other for a long time buddy I'm that's
that's why I questioned young well I
first met dad when I was a substitute
teacher for his junior high class that's
not true all right all right let's start
with of the three pieces that you have
written in the past 17 hours that I I
wanted to talk to you about let's start
with the the unfriendly skies because it
is it is a sort of a two-fold problem
that we have with the airline industry
in terms
broadly speaking one is deregulation and
it led to basically monopoly power that
has made Airlines air travel a sort of a
nasty experience but highly profitable
for a few individuals which is you know
almost like two units it's quite a
metaphor for the rest of our economy in
many respects oh yeah I would say I
would say it's one problem so and and
you have to sort of go back to what how
the airline industry came up and the
airline industry paralleled the growth
and development of the railroad industry
the railroad industry was that first
completely deregulated and
it led inexorably to monopolization the
railroad owners could gouge customers
who wanted to put their goods on
railroad trains to get them to market
and things like that and so it was
decided that what we need is public
utility regulation to ensure that
railroads
aren't discriminating against passengers
to ensure that there isn't this obscene
amount of concentration and to make sure
that this public good is being used to
the benefit of citizens rather than for
the benefit of a few wealthy owners of
railroads and what you're talking about
here I'm sorry when you're talking about
travel the implications of a
transportation system on society are
like seems to me fundamentally different
then I don't know retail for instance I
mean right right I mean that's a good
title it's it's completely vital you
have to have access to air travel to be
a world-class city in America today you
there's no other option really if you
don't have access to air travel you're
not going to be able to attract
businesses that do work in the global
economy and so just like the idea that
you needed universal service on the
railroads in the 1930s under FDR it was
decided we need to ensure universal
service a public utility regulation for
the airlines and it was called the Civil
Aeronautics Board and was put together
in 1938 and the idea was that all
basically the the regulation would
guarantee a profit for airlines but it
would say that you had to serve the
entire country in other words the the
you know service from Des Moines to
Fargo North Dakota
would have to be part of the mix if you
wanted a route from New York to Los
Angeles was more lucrative so everybody
would get serviced the entire country
would benefit from serving the entire
nation the airlines would be fine
because they would be protected its fuel
cost fixed costs rise they would be able
to raise fares but if they didn't they
would have to keep those fares low and
the public would benefit as well and and
we basically took this away in the 1970s
and it was liberals who took it away let
me before we get to to how I want to
just ask you a couple of questions about
it so the the cab or the Civil
Aeronautics Board it guaranteed Airlines
a 12% profit you write on a flight that
was only 55% full so it was which is you
know it's significant right I mean
because they're half full you still got
to pay for the full you know all the
operating costs are exactly the same
half full as a hundred percent full and
so they guaranteed them that twelve
percent profit I had presumed some type
of subsidy right at the end of the year
I don't know that was that was
essentially the fares that they could
charge okay they were allowed you know
it was heavily regulated that the fair
prices were very regulated and they had
to be confirmed by the Civil Aeronautics
Board and the target for those fares was
to allow and enable a twelve percent
profit on a fifty five percent full
flight okay so that was the idea and and
and so basically there were were caps on
what what the ticket prices could be but
you were guarantee what you were
guaranteed if you're guaranteed that
twelve percent profit right they're
they're allowed it was yeah that was the
target that was the target and and and
let's just say that that from 1938 to
1978 the forty years of operation for
the Civil Aeronautics Board there was a
tremendous amount of growth in
commercial aviation this is not
the industry you know regulation is
supposed to destroy industries
this was the time of incredible growth
within the aviation industry now there
were a lot of reasons for that but it's
certainly not the case that D rated that
regulation destroyed what could have
been you know this this burgeoning
industry and in fact airline fares under
regulation under the Civil Aeronautics
Board dropped at a faster rate than in
the first decade after deregulation if
you adjust for fuel costs so what I'm
trying to make the point there is that
the entire impetus for deregulation of
the airlines was this is going to bring
costs down we're not going to you know
really be strict about these fares
you're going to have all this
competition and cutting and the air
fares are going to drive down but in
fact what happened is that caught air
fares were going down before
deregulation that's a very key point
that's the entire rationale for
deregulation didn't happen so all right
so let's go into how deregulation why
deregulation happened I mean what the
you've explained part of the theory
right I mean it's like we're going to
we're going to I mean I mean I guess you
could look back onto those years and say
like well we we there was a there was an
absence of an innovation right like you
didn't have satellite TV at that time I
mean I'm just trying to think of like
like I remember air flight and air
travel and it really doesn't change much
except for it's gotten worse it's just
become more miserable like the the
airports are more crowded the flights
are the seats are more crowded we'll
talk more about that as we go on but so
the idea was in in 1970 you know you go
through 73 there's an oil embargo 79 you
also have oil shocks but around that
time the the airline deregulation Act of
1978
passed unanimously or almost unanimously
you're right whoa what was the genesis
of this well the Genesis really did come
from liberals it came from people like
Ralph Nader who said that the board was
the Civil Aeronautics Board was captured
by the industry and and it was
protecting the industry from competition
it's just kind of interesting
considering where we are now
there was but what was the thinking and
it said that I mean what was he thinking
that it was it was protecting it from
from I mean so then well you had these
guaranteed profits right yeah these
guaranteed profits in the industry and
the idea was that if you liberated at
the airline industry from that's this
yoke of regulation you would have
suddenly hundreds of new entrants with
new planes that would drop prices
severely and that would force everybody
to compete and through that competition
that would benefit consumers in a
significant way that was the idea of
Alfred Kahn who's really the architect
of deregulation he was a professor at
Cornell Jimmy Carter made him the head
of the Civil Aeronautics Board even
though he was out to kill it and he was
he was really the intellectual ballast
for deregulation and and legislatively
the main driver was taking it and take
Kennedy's staff aid at that time was a
guy named Stephen Breyer who now sits on
the Supreme Court and he really pushed
Kennedy to do this there what was seen
as a very Pro consumer moved to
deregulate the airlines to create these
price reductions it he was he was
convinced that this would make him sort
