column from a two one three area code
who's this where you come from this is
Jay and Los Angeles can you hear me yes
I can Jay what's on your mind awesome
so three quick things first is I just
graduated from UC Berkeley and and when
I'm there the like campus climate is so
left and I thought it was just a
Berkeley thing until I went to UCLA and
some other campus and it's extremely
left and so my question is what do we
see a trend and and just extreme left
kind of no-brain students that are going
to sort of vote for Bernie's or for
these amazing progressives that don't
have a shot I do learn about your
feedback on that and a second wait a
second hold on wait what amazing
progressives that don't have a shot I'm
not sure I follow you uh well so
Bernie's what I'm saying is is the
campus you meet all these progressives
that are just so left how does that mean
we show the court what do you mean by
that
a great example is I'm considered a
moderate I'm a moderate Republican
because I don't believe that an example
I'm trying I'm blanking on some examples
but if you've been on a college campus
particularly like Berkeley you meet a
lot of kids
well Berkeley has always been a bit of
an outlier in certain times over the
years I mean but but okay so you've met
some kids on Berkeley campus that what
well I mean take this okay a perfect
example is of the Milo example when he
came on campus Milan came on campus
students didn't want to give him a
chance to speak right they they said
just pay for Milo to go on campus I
believe is the Young Republicans okay
right but it doesn't really matter who's
paying I'm not a Republican or even a
young Republican or you know terminus of
a moderate Democrat but my question is
is on campus big big there's this
attitude not to even let someone speak
because they don't like the viewpoints
they don't even hear Maus the same with
what do you think that Milo had to offer
I mean I personally think that from a
street from it from a tactical
perspective like it gave people an
opportunity to make the criticism that
you're making but in terms of like the
substance of the question I mean what is
it what is it the Milo was going to
offer did you hear that stuff that we
read about his book like his own work
address we're just like oh my god dude
there's nothing here but that's the
thing if he's a provocateur so who cares
what yes I mean he has to offers a voice
and and and actually by building it up
and hyping it up and draws a larger
audience I think there's an argument I
think what you're making is you're
making an argument like those are
tactics that you wouldn't have used but
I also think that there's some value in
in in terms of like what the
second-order implications of that are
right because if I'm a politician if I'm
Cory Booker let's say and I'm looking at
what they're doing with Milo then maybe
I maybe I feel like I have more latitude
when it comes to Jeff Sessions you know
what I mean I mean it's very hard I
would say tactically speaking yes they
gave maybe college students a bad name
for a couple of weeks but we don't know
the implications of that on more
establishment types like they get
worried about that stuff and so I'm not
convinced that there wasn't value in
that and look Milo these guys what
happened to these guys I mean take for
instance mics or Nova ch right these
guys flame out by their own accord yeah
I think he had like three different
crying fits over the week over the past
week where I get I get people who texted
me like deceased her Novick said he's
gonna leave uh-oh media that someone
wrote me back like oh no he decided to
come back wait no I think he'd left
again oh you're talking about Mike
Novick yes okay cuz I didn't know who
you're talking well before he was
talking about my lonely nap topless no
but now you're talking about my tour
notes right okay so your point is that
you didn't agree with the protest
against Milo and what well well my point
is is this sort of it's not just
Milo is my plan like one is it's a lot
of different speakers that Charles
Michael instead of hearing them out then
it's the guy from the bell curve I wrote
the writer same thing yeah do you think
do you think what do you think that do
you think there's any person that people
should protest against and not hear out
at a edit College I think that
protesting spot I think is great but I
think when it's aggressive and when
you're when you're there just to harm
people I think that's where it goes
wrong was there really battled on for a
second I mean yes I think in Berkeley
things got out of hand
I mean there's a long tradition of those
type of protests but are there other
places around the country where you're
seeing this in this significant amount
well I mean do you think that do turkey
Princeton
Duterte do you think that he should that
people should protest when he comes and
speaks absolutely yeah the guy's a war
monger he's a crazy leader of course you
know he's killed but but my point is is
you can't really compare duterte and no
I'm just trying to get a sense of where
you think where you think it's
appropriate for people to protest do you
think that time where Richard Spencer
went to that school and everybody just
started shouting him down and then
walked out do you think that was wrong
because there were people who wanted to
go and hear that white about white
supremacy and they wanted to see it in
person you're right yeah I take your
point I take your point I'm just trying
to figure out where the line is where
it's like I mean yeah the some of the
stuff is messy and and and college kids
students are are young and still
figuring stuff out and don't necessarily
you know are far more passionate I think
then you know someone old like myself
who's just you know a little bit tired
and then you know just says well I can
come up with a clever a way of doing it
maybe and maybe it's just a
rationalization for me not to get off my
ass but I just don't think that of all
the things that are going on in society
I would put with the problem that you're
talking about somewhere around like deep
deep into the 60s or 70s of my list of
top hundred things wrong with America
today and so but what is it that you're
concerned as your
is that they're gonna vote for Bernie
and what he's the most popular
politician yeah right he is very popular
and he's but no my concern really is
that college should be a place of
marketplace of ideas to learn more and
buy sort of and I know it's may sound
crazy I sort of you know annexing some
of these speakers that are provocateur
is what you're doing is you're stopping
students from that you know are you
really you see you've said two things
you said one by doing that to my load
they made him bigger which theoretically
would mean that those college students
who really want to hear Milo's message
would have even more of an opportunity
right there's the internet so I mean if
people wanted to go and listen to Milo
they certainly had the opportunity these
college kids all have college paid for
high-speed Internet connections and
you've just said that it made them even
bigger so what's really the harm here no
well that's the thing it would make some
when you're on campus you get far more
than you with the Google search or
whatnot you know it's like it's
interaction you learn more you know so
the reasons action of actually going on
campus and it's even what the Ann
Coulter deal as well like you know of
course I don't like gang culture of
course I don't like meelo but the
opportunity for them to come on campus
and to have a marketplace of ideas with
other students but that you know dude so
in their marketplace if idea I mean
listen I just think that like what is
the danger do you're worried that that
because because Ann Coulter's ideas
weren't exchanged on a specific campus
do you think that we're going to be
producing lower quality citizens is that
what you're worried about no I just
think well in a certain certain sense I
think it's a slippery slope I think it's
I think if we're letting these folks not
so who Susan is even if they are who's
next
who is afraid of after after Ann Coulter
in Milo Yann innopolis who's next on
that slippery slope what what here I
graduated okay but I'm just I'm curious
as to you know who is it you're afraid
of so if it's the slippery slope you're
afraid of who is it that that comes
that you think is not you know students
are not going to be exposed to their
ideas well I don't know I'm just my
point is it is are you worried that I'm
not been invited to speak at a college
campus what was the same thing with Bill
Maher comedian or I'm not asking about
performance artists provocateurs as
you've called them are you concerned
that no one has paid me to come to a
college campus well I I am I am NOT
concerned how is it that you're not
concerned that I'm not been paid to go
to a college campus do you think that
the idea is that Milo Yan innopolis was
not able to give to these students have
been more thought-out than the ideas
that I have sure sure I think so I think
your ideas are very taut so this is the
I've not been I've not been invited to
one I've not know not to pay me to go to
college at all to pet to speak in a
college like them I mean this is the
outrage this is the real danger the real
danger is that I have not been paid to
speak at colleges if we're worried about
the marketplace of ideas it's because I
am NOT espousing white supremacy so I
don't have the Mercer's to pay for me to
go yeah that's the big point that you're
also missing in this the key word is
actually not in the kind of Platonic
ideal that you're using it but literally
marketplace if they're subsidized to go
there are not thinkers or intellects
they are literally paid propagandist
operatives no giant college Republicans
are paying for it I will tell you who's
funding the College Republicans go read
The New Yorker magazines name people
house and also by the way I agree with
you if your first point was totally
operational which is that students give
people who should get no attention in no
respect more heat than they deserve
that's an operational question but if
you actually think that there's some
fundamental threat to people's
intellectual growth
and open ideas because Ann Coulter's but
you should be out protesting right now
that I'm not being paid for it to go on
to kill you well in fact that that's the
other thing too you could also go and
and demand that more interesting
speakers come to your campus the pay
transparent and pay transparency all the
rest of it but this notion like yeah
that but follow the word marketplace
that's the key word there it's not in
some fear they're being subsidized well
that's what I'm saying there's not it's
not it's a real thing not a free market
but that's yeah these people but it's
not organic interests they're
propagandists who have hated by the same
people who control everything else all
right thing important about their idea
so but was that your it was that the big
concern that you have because because if
it is I would tell you there's a lot of
other things you should be worrying
about right now right no well that
that's definitely one when you live it
every day
that's definitely concerned the second
quick thing I had it you're living it
every day wait are you living that
college thing see what what living it
when you're on campus everyday and you
you're off campus other things even even
in the classrooms even in the classrooms
when a concern is even a notion of a
conservative idea it gets shut down and
gets shut down so fast like what I did
give me an example I hang up give me an
example of a concern I can tell you I
couldn't tell you off the top of my
here's the thing dude
this is why I get very suspicious about
a call like this I'll tell you why
because you've got all these deeply held
concerns that you really want to press
but when I asked you for an example you
don't have one like you know are you
telling me that you don't have an
example of one of these conservative
ideas that you've seen shot down in
these classrooms in the college that
you're not in anymore yeah so why is
your concerned I mean do you not believe
that they're not considered ideas that
are shot down in the classroom well I
think I sit down conservative ideas on
on this program every single day but
you're the one who's coming in and
telling everybody who's listening to
this program that this is one of the
biggest problems out there we should all
be concerned about it and you don't have
a single exam i i i i didn't i didn't
say this the biggest problem you know
where would you rate this product i feel
that it's the
well so what happens what happens when
these ideas get shot down what ideas
somebody what idea to go on what idea
give me an example anyone is the idea of
capitalism is the idea of capitalism a
lot of wait wait wait wait you're
telling me that capitalism is being shut
down in classrooms across No yeah the
idea of neo capitalism that's one
capital and what's neo cagin like sort
of like I'll give a great example so
okay in class we talked about different
financial theories and there's an idea
that we should have a new new way to
sort of a new financial system right and
so there's this notion of like I'm sorry
not neoliberalism neoliberalism is an
idea that a lot of a lot of professors
and a lot of you know other academics on
our campus tries to steer away from they
want to come up with new forms a way
that money should move around an example
would be trying to think of one of the
big ones that we were discussing but I
can't think right now
a lot of pressures and so anyways my
point is there's an idea is an idea like
you're getting paid on what suppose I am
it's I'm honestly hoping this is a
professional call because it would make
me feel a lot better about what's going
on the country yeah what
that's what well that's great but my
underlying point is if there is an idea
right that gets produced in a classroom
they get shot down the Navy conservative
idea then those students then go on and
they make some big spiel on and they
invite these provocative speakers to
come speak not because they support
their ideas necessarily or because they
you know are these extreme conservatives
but it's because they have no other
outlet to sort of you know here there
where did you go to university UC
Berkeley is that where you went to Yeah
right you did when did you graduate 2017
you graduated 2017 alright so you
you graduated in May right Yeah right
okay so you were actually there were you
there for those uh my look I was I was
there for all of them
yeah oh okay all right I see you know
and and you're chewing me apart but the
thing it's the first time ever called in
you know and and it's I want you to call
in again why I wasn't going no I want
not a professional no I'm not a
professional at you know doing this and
and and my whole my whole point what the
calling was just because I was curious
if this issue has been brought up but
you were very very you're almost like
the students at Berkeley you're like an
advanced very less liberal I didn't I
listen to you all the time without your
libertarian but I don't think you are I
think you're an extreme you're wait a
sec just left it wait a second you
listen to me every you listen to me all
the time every day every day you thought
I was a trinitarian I did I did I
honestly thought you're a libertarian
okay I know what you know I'm sorry Sam
has suppressed my free speech during
this whole exchange but there's one
thing that's serious and then you gotta
go but that is an economics department
at UC Berkeley was skeptical of
capitalism plea i'm een i don't know if
you took any macroeconomic or micro in
any you know you can major did you take
any econ classes this is delusional and
the second thing is if you watch this
show and you think it's libertarian you
do have deep valid criticisms and
problems with the education you got at
berkeley is there is no way you should
have gone through that process and seen
this show and processed it the way you
did you have a gripe sir i have a great
UC berkeley if you could if you watch
the show and you thought it was
libertarian that i don't know what
college you were at or what you were
studying or what kind of learning like
how long have you been listening to the
show I don't know three months three
months do you want two months okay all
right well listen I appreciate the call
I want you to call again and I want you
to just like boil it down give me an A
example of what you saw was was shot
down were you an economics major at UC
Berkeley when you graduated I was not no
cookie comes classes but I was not my
idea what I said like I said when I when
I first called in it maybe you should go
on to a college campus and sit through a
few lectures or walk around and ask some
questions okay
okay no yeah no I know this is like what
I think I mean maybe you'll be maybe
you'll be asked to come speak maybe
that's maybe that's what maybe less
money liberal beakers ironically well I
mean maybe if I come out and talk about
why genocide a little bit you talk about
why if this is my very own show
you might be an aside or even what I'm
sorry but that's not you that's not
that's not what I'm saying right I'm not
saying that I want to hear these crazy
topics or these provocateurs
there's no outlets they get shut down
in the in the classroom and so they as a
reaction they invite these crazy
provocateurs to speak oh saying sort of
like creating a vacuum by by by the the
the white supremacists who don't have
the opportunity to articulate it in
class they respond by inviting these
provocative what happens is a kid goes
to a classroom because yo Jesus website
and will be to have like different kind
of hips so they shouldn't work in
science and then the professor is like
that's actually not true come on all
right call back thanks for the exchange
of ideas
we gave him a very big platform oh my
god that forum we have a very open
marketplace in a super open marketplace
and coincidentally also down on
capitalism totally down on cap it's like
being really like being gay in the 1950s
[Laughter]
I've got a really interesting article
about James de amor
suddenly that made me think of him it
was fascinating because he is in fact I
didn't know that he actually does have a
proper diagnosis of autism and this
piece was like in some ways very
sympathetic to him because it was like
you know he's he genuinely has trouble
with understanding and situating certain
things socially and so there's a new
issue in Silicon Valley where people are
losing jobs because of things that are
arising from essentially like their
their cognitive state which in and of
