komm from a 907 area code who's this now
is awesome Queens Paulsen Queens what's
on your mind I I i I'm sorry about your
divorce I uh I went through divorce the
years ago and I know it was really rough
I keep waiting for you to turn into
men's rights you know activist that's
what I'm doing or the weekends try doing
the weekends I go to about right side
the whole court system stack against me
do you see women are like Air America I
don't go ahead sorry that was Michael no
no no I but I use the one thing I
learned you guys are keep mentioning
about how Jordan Peterson these guys you
don't know why they kind of harp on
these small points and I know a lot of
it's because they're probably paid by
you know cooks and whoever but the one
thing I learned did in the whole divorce
process which is really useful for me in
terms of talking to people you know I
disagree with politically is that you
can't they won't listen to you until
you've listened to them and so you can't
actually like until you can get them to
a point where you can say what they want
you can say okay this is what you're
thinking and they say that's right
only then can they listen to you so I
just feel like until that point you
argue with some politically all you're
doing is reinforcing their beliefs and
you know making them more energetic well
I will tell you this I am I am I am i I
take phone calls live and I do not
screen them and I invite all of these
people their followers their promoters
to call in and raise any of these issues
at any time Dave Rubin will never come
on this show he will never have me on
his show he will never debate me in any
other place they won't do it because
they know and I
you know so so the idea of me saying
that to them is all well and good in
theory but they're not going to hear me
now there you show me another show that
will go on live and we'll take calls
from any way without screening them and
is is open to getting calls as I am and
I won't if I get a call that someone
wants to say Baba Booey or do anything
I'm not going to call them later and
tell them that you know and try and
intimidate them and why are you calling
I don't do that so I'm certainly opening
to having a dialogue with any of these
people but in the absence of the ability
to do that then I'm just going to knock
down their arguments
I hear what what they're saying I mean I
I frankly I don't think Dave Rubin
saying anything and what Jordan Peterson
is saying I certainly heard when I was
in junior high from people about you
know no well no you know but you know
boys have a certain development of their
perspective on women in junior high and
so you hear that those type of
perspectives but but I get your point
but I'm not trying to convert Jordan
Peterson I'm trying to you know make it
clear that his the the ideology that
he's promoting is you know is a vapid
and and nefarious that's what I'm trying
John yeah that this tactic might work on
people who have sort of fallen prey to
write populist ideas out in the world
but these particular members of the
intellectual vanguard are we're not
going to have honest debate they're not
gonna have an honest debate with us
they're very disingenuous I don't think
that that's what he's saying I don't
think that you're not talking about like
actually you know you're talking about
people who might be drawn to a Jordan
Peterson you're not talking about Jordan
Peterson right yeah I mean I think
that's why they you were like why I
won't you know why this you know what it
is like I get so worked up about
you know not like you know another like
guy who can't speak on a college campus
or just kind of like these small things
dude I'm a white guy yeah I'm a white
guy and I grew up around a lot of people
like this
whoo-hoo-hoo take issue with you know
the hippie dippie zhan the campuses who
are speaking out and I know I am fully
fully aware of the attitudes that that
drive this sense of like I can't talk
anymore I can't say certain things about
certain people people get too sensitive
I know a lot of people like that most of
the people I grew up with will like that
so it's not a mystery to me where this
comes from
I get it I totally get it
and I think at the heart of it frankly
it is people feeling like they are
losing their status in society and guess
what they are they are this is this is a
zero-sum game if you have had an
inordinate amount of status as a
function of something that has nothing
to do with you but has to do with the
subjugation of other people who might be
competing against you broadly speaking
it's not true for every single
individual but broadly speaking you're
going to lose your status when they
start getting more more opportunity and
more voice in society that's just the
reality of it well it doesn't have to be
a zero-sum game though like I think
that's what when it comes to social
status but it has to be I mean status is
so intimately tied to economics that
like it's not just all of a lot of
leftist thought right now is how do we
get people to become less populous I get
that I get that but the fact of the
matter is is that every bit of our
culture was centered around one specific
group of people and that was not just an
economic calculation it just so happened
that those people had the power so
they're going to lose that status
there's just no denying it it just it
does it is a zero-sum game but why do
people feel the need to have a special
status in the first place because human
beings I think like to feel that they
are special and human beings don't like
to lose what they have is saying no
one's gonna give up power right no one's
gonna give up power well actually
because status translates into power
well actually no people have actually I
mean like if you look at the negotiation
of apartheid people did voluntarily give
a power all right well so they just
finished no they didn't give up no no
they literally did yes with that without
right no of course there was threat
that's part of the process absolutely
but they also did end up peacefully
negotiating it so I'm just saying you
want I just think they did not robot to
but well you know by the 80s actually
people like the clerk did they saw the
bigger picture but the thing is is I
would just be careful of especially when
we're on the left of kind of
naturalizing that sort of thing because
as soon as were in the like human beings
are acts in terms of a desire for a
certain thing we're in Peterson
territory I think so I think it's very
hard for some people not all people well
but the people that we're talking about
obviously the idea of losing their
status they don't like the idea that
they have to press you know one to speak
English okay and that runs the gamut
wealthy people poor people middle-income
people that runs the gamut they don't
like having to date date there's resent
now that may or may not be tied into
some deep deep deep seeded economic
issues for some people I'm sure it is
for others not so much
and Jordan Peterson does not resent
women because of economic issues unless
you know maybe he had an ex-wife that
took some cash yeah like these guys seem
to me like basically they're trying to
justify the
yeah the sort of power and Status I was
granted to white males in the middle of
the century and so like there needs to
be somebody speaking up for that and yes
like that is it's a zero sum oh that's
definitely what they're doing a hundred
percent right but I think what I'm
concerned about what you say when you
keep saying it's a zero-sum game is that
if the only choice is to have like
essentially diversity capitalism or
white supremacy capitalism of course I
will fight for and pick diversity
capitalism but that is in the framework
of it's a zero-sum game and there will
always be an appeal for white identity
arguments if so if you come in and you
say yes with a regard to a very narrow
thing about social status which I think
you're maybe you're trying to draw a
really narrow point here I'm making I
said your specifically social status
well okay but I don't I think the
rhetoric though of zero-sum game when in
most people's mind that does cue
economic insecurity and that does cue a
whole other set of challenge you know
some game in terms of social status is
exactly what I said the social status
will inevitably look and be experienced
differently in a more equal society we
know that for a fact economically so the
tension that is built in people's minds
around the types of issues that they
zero in on is absolutely atmospherically
influenced by the iconic look but you're
trying to force into what we're talking
about a different I'm not suggesting
that in the in the event that we can get
to a point where we have a completely
economic egalitarian society knows that
that that there will be less concern
about status but the fact is right now
we have people who the reason why people
are flocking to people like Jordan
Peterson to the extent that they are or
to Dave Rubin or to Donald Trump is
because they feel you look at that room
of those people in Indianapolis okay
full of white guys full of white guys
not white women white guys full of them
and
they feel that they are losing that's
why the the Merry Christmas thing
resonates in that room
in May it's because we feel like stuff
that was ours we are losing our social
status you can argue that you can
ameliorate that by having a economically
egalitarian society and I think that's
possible but definitely true it's well
it's also definitely trick that it's it
that that that that social anxiety is
not connected to an influence by
economics broadly speaking is is really
I mean that's it well I think it would
be nice if that was the case no knowing
but show me the evidence was I could
show you the dispositive evidence I can
show you that the per capita income it's
such of a trump voter is higher okay
it's not just about income economic
anxiety doesn't mean that you're
currently experiencing economic hardship
that Trump voters have no more economic
anxiety then then then Clinton voters
rational or not unless it specifically
looked at as relative which I think you
know we can say a lot of people perceive
the thing as zero-sum but I think I
agree with Sam like I don't really I not
quite sure I'm following the argument
here but like but the idea that like
they're definitely going to lose that
sort of social status that also tried
naama Cour like they are going to lose
that they have to they lose it with
there's more women who's gonna be
working in their office there's going to
be you know the the education rates of
african-americans go up there are going
to be more Latino you guys are wrong
about anything you're just not looking
at the whole picture well I mean you
want me to look at a different picture
than I'm talking about that's all you
know I'm looking at this picture
he called in we're talking about Jordan
Peterson and I'm saying that it is a
zero-sum game with social status that it
used to be I can watch TV and everyone
every story I would watch every episode
of TV every commercial
I someone like me was the central
character and I would see myself
reflected in there and now I watch it
and I don't see that period end of story
that is a reality and people don't like
that
there are pit not everybody but a lot of
those people don't like it they don't
like watching TV and seeing in that
cialis commercial why is there a black
guy there why is it I being sold to me
why is it used to be father knows best
and the star of the show was the Sun it
was a Jew boy it was a Japan's come from
though where do you think their basis is
because I think it's a historical for
look at people like to look at the
mirror and see themselves that's it
that's where I disagree with you it
doesn't have to be like that well I
didn't like if we it's done telling like
look if we stop telling people that they
all have to fight for scraps of
ever-shrinking pie then that's much more
inspiring of a vision like the time when
this culture war comes to the
forefront is when people don't have the
option to vote for their economic
interests and I really believe that what
period in our history did this cultural
stuff not was was it not at the
forefront I mean you want to go way back
in time to like hunter-gatherer time no
I'm saying in our society today in the
United States of America at what point
was that what what you're talking under
capitalist white supremacist patriarchy
so of course there was no time when it
was okay that here okay so my point is
having lived under a capitalist white
supremacist patriarchy for over 200
years that white guys resent and it's a
zero-sum game and I'm gonna repeat
that's good it's a zero-sum game they
are losing that white supremacy they are
losing that privilege and the thought of
losing that privilege is why someone
like Jordan Peterson resonate
with them and it's why 30 years ago or
50 years ago 70 years ago would have
been father Coughlin can i Dan just
that's all I'm saying to add just a
little I'm not trying to get into this
big macro fight about it but I just
think that there's like when it is
position the first point I would make is
I do think that some of the same people
that are obsessed with Jordan Peterson
now and you go back to father Coughlin
but maybe 10 years ago they'd be
interested in the 4-hour workweek
Ortelli years ago they'd be interested
in like Silicon Valley get-rich-quick
schemes and I think that they're in a
similar market and appealing to some
similar sentiments in the fact that now
it's so specifically colored by certain
reactionary ideas of reinforcing
hierarchies and justifying capitalism
actually does reflect a broader economic
and situational anxiety which is
connected to status and I don't think
you could then there was 20 years ago uh
amongst the markets that they're tapping
of young men I would say absolutely I
don't think do you think you would know
better than me do you think twenty years
ago that it was normal to happen maybe
it's just pre internet but that there
was a bunch of people in their 20s
flocking to go see a history on it
crying college professors people going
no but they were going to see him they
were going to see PJ O'Rourke no who was
saying the same mate no he
wasn't exactly saying the same I
think they're tapping into slightly
different things but the second point
that I would make the second point that
25 years ii also work
What's Wrong jr. work be longer than 25
I thought that was like in 80's but
whatever the second point is I think
that if the frame is that it's a
zero-sum game and most people hear that
a lot of people hear that not just
status wise and the way you're making it
but covering the whole basis and I think
that there are some people who it's like
and I'm not I'm just being clinical here
it's not right
but if they're read is is like okay well
we're gonna have a shrinking pie and
there's gonna be fewer and fewer
opportunities and now you're also
telling me that I'm not going to have
those same innate advantages then maybe
I should be interested in a
white discrimination based white
supremacy capitalism because you're
telling me if the only options are a
shrinking par with my shrinking pilot
more diversity or a shrinking pie that
reinforces traditional hierarchies and I
think that that framing is something we
got to get around and undef initely
present to people that broader economic
delivery is not contradictory of greater
diversity and representation and losing
that social status and I agree with you
there's some people that will be upset
about that regardless of the economic
that's for fans we're talking about a
Gris but at the same time we still need
to disaggregate yeah but you constantly
hammer that point without bringing in
some of those subtleties and I think
that people are probably on the fence
you know I think that there are some
people who if you don't bring in the
economics and the broader picture
they're just gonna hear that Rivlin guy
relatively speaking telling me that I'm
gonna lose my privilege okay if I look
at the people who get the slice of white
working-class voters who voted for Obama
and then for Trump like did they
magically get more racist all of a
sudden or was there something else
driving that I mean I don't know it's
the Jordan Anderson fans are the people
who voted who went from Obama to Trump
you don't know that either I'm saying
which is what this is the this phone
call was about was about Jordan Peterson
at all and I am saying that these people
are reacting to a loss of social status
and I am quite confident that the fans
of Jordan Peterson are not in that
Indianapolis arena are not the the the
people that we're talking about who who
voted for Obama and then slipped to
trump do you think there's some overlap
here
let's pause we'll talk about this a lot
possible the anti Fattah this week
actually sort of the it's all conjecture
the material basis for everyone feeling
so alienated and angry and angry women
and angry minorities like what do you do
with these people the idea that this is
new is just bizarre to me if you want to
argue that twenty years
go it was there was not these sentiments
and maybe there was like 35 years ago
but there was a dip and then it's gone
back up show me the data because that's
certainly not the way that I experienced
the gun I would just guess that it the
only thing that would make it more acute
now is that actually the tide is turning
on these things like it's not exactly
right like it's not post new deal when
these things were cemented into place
which like that's specifically the
historical reason that I think these
people do respond in a way and I know I
don't agree with it the zero something
right like I think it is it better that
we don't do this but went bad frame but
it's a bad frame but but specifically
from their eyes it's true right like
they don't know about like the the the
you know positives of socialism right
they know that that's a fair point they
know that they would have been the man
of the house control and and now
they know it's not a question of a frame
it's just simply a description of of a
dynamic I'm not going out and you know I
don't I'm not going out and saying well
you should you know we should have
people campaigning saying like look
you're gonna lose your social status you
can suck it up I think but that's with
correct statements about trans defending
the Clinton campaign what we're seeing
and in fact the veneer of a college
professor saying you know justifying
this is a is a function of it getting of
the the last grasps of there being less
space for people to articulate I don't
want a moving in on my
neighborhood I don't want you know me
you know busing I don't want oh you know
the the women to come in and take a
