come from a six one zero area cut who's
this who you come from six one zero six
one zero Rick what's on your mind I want
to revisit a clip that's up on YouTube
it's from June 11th 2017 it's titled
young man calls in to argue about bell
curve with Sam cedar okay challenge the
young man to give you proof or or
authority regarding his claim that the
reason that the schools in Los Angeles
both public and and charter are
underperforming is because
african-americans score lower on IQ test
I said give me evidence that their their
their IQ tests are why people
underperform on tests that's not exactly
what I said but it's close enough okay
the materials that appear on your post
on YouTube indicate that this majority
report clip over in this majority report
clip a racist calls them to teach them a
thing or two about brains there's then a
paragraph from Jessie learner who is a
blogger from
laughington post and it's quotation with
his entire paragraph on his post and
then there are three citations two books
if you don't want to believe mr. learner
look at these three books and the first
of those books is called the black/white
test-score
yeah it's by Christopher Chang's and I
why don't you get to get to the point
that you want to make here overwhelming
evidence that the IQ and a black/white
test-score gap is at least partially
hereditary okay so all right and and do
you want to and you want to substantiate
on that or you just want to know I can I
cannot substantiate for the rest of your
show if you'd like me to know well why
did you do it for a moment
all right came out the beginning this
test for gap started in the 1960s the
first book was by a woman by the name of
Audrey or Chewie and the test gaps start
in the 1960s I mean then what you're
talking about is so interesting yeah
yeah yeah you're suggesting this has
been always been the case right I mean
if this is intrinsic in intelligence
this has always been the case in the
century there was a lot of writing and
research on this subject and then the
Second World War came as the Nazis were
in Germany and after the war nobody
wrote about this subject until the
nineteen sixties why do you think they
were intimidated from writing about that
what did the what did the Germans say
about let's say just I don't know the
Jews with the Jews in theory all the
Germans the Germans the Germans rejected
IQ test I said but did the Germans
believe that Jews were inferior
genetically Germans believed that Jews
were parasites Jews for excuse me excuse
me I'm asking you a question
excuse me excuse me excuse me excuse me
listen if I'm gonna allow you to spew
your racist garbage you get the very
least should just answer my question
did the Germans perceive the Jews as
genetically inferior the Germans
perceive the Jews as parasite excuse me
I'm not asking you it's a yes or no
question did the Germans perceive the
Jews as genetically inferior I'm telling
you what this tree is the answer is no
they rejected I hate death because Jews
performed well on your history so a
second so the Germans but did not
perceive the Jews as genetically
inferior the Germans perceive the Jews
as parasites excuse me
why can't you answer that question they
clearly perceived the Jews as being
genetically inferior hello hon shut up
for a second shut up for a second they
clearly perceived the Jews as being
inferior genetically otherwise it would
have been just a cultural problem that
they felt they could have corrected if
it was just their parasitic by culture
it was a genetic nature of them to be
parasitic surely you do not believe that
parasites are considered genetically
superior to those that they would suck
upon do you in successfully sidetrack me
like you did John Connor on June 11 I'm
asked you a simple question that you
could have simply answered and we could
have moved on but for some reason you
wouldn't do it
the Germans considered Jews to be
genetically inferior how can we move on
to the science
now do you think that they were correct
no they were incorrect
okay so who's genetically inferior
according to you who did not accomplish
he was genetically inferior according to
you who's genetically inferior according
to you different populations have
different average IQs Dwarfs Astana Zhi
Zhu's come in at the highest they sent
it around 115 the next boot down are
Asians they center around 107 then you
get whites and center around and 100 and
no because your your presumption is that
none of this is nothing the IQ is
strictly a genetic trait and that it is
perfectly met one school which I suspect
you adhere to is that I that
intelligence has 100% cultural basis the
other school of thought is called the
50/50 school and they're the ones that
say it is a mix of nurturing nature well
it's not necessarily 5050 it could be
could be nine to ten it could be well
it'd be it could be seventy 10 it could
be if you are in a certain threshold of
circumstances that it could have a a
different variance and so I'm not a
hundred percent anything but I if your
argument is that the reason why Los
Angeles schools underperform and I would
argue that that your assessment of what
underperforming is is dubious in the
first place
well I don't know who John Connors is
[Music]
racist and you actually I want them to
give you scientific evidence
that there is a hereditary component to
IQ and he couldn't do it because all he
had done was read an article in a
newspaper and you can do it because the
evidential one okay give me the give me
the give me the the evidence all right
into thin 1994 after the bell curve was
published and caused a big storm a major
storm fifteen experts in intelligence
these are college professors I can give
you all 52 of their names and where they
teach like they published a article in
The Wall Street Journal which was later
republished in the journal intelligence
and they gave 25 statements about what
current science in mainstream science of
debts of intelligence is the eighth such
item is the bell curve for life centered
roughly I'm quoting now around IQ 100
the bell curve for American blacks
roughly around 85 where's the scientific
evidence you're saying so the evidence
that you're giving me is that fifty two
professors agreed with the book okay you
are you are aware that like as an
example have you ever heard of a guy
named Eric Durkheim ER listen to your
thing on there and I know Eric Turk
timers evidence excellent he believes
that the contribution to to intelligence
isn't 100 percent cultural no he didn't
listen carefully you didn't listen
carefully that's not you're actually
radically distorting what he said what
he said and what he no no no you just
did you just got if you get such a basic
wrong you couldn't be trusted to say
anything else what he said was that it
is a fusion of environmental and genetic
partially first of all no serious person
i'ma so what's your back
oh yeah no one forget about a background
academically that's irrelevant no it's
not is your racial background but I
guess get a more specific are you an
Ashkenazi Jew Ashkenazi Jew speaking to
someone who is genetically inferior to
me according to you I would suggest
excuse me excuse me excuse me excuse
manners speak sir excuse me allow me who
is certainly respect the hierarchy yeah
exactly
let me explain to you if you take if you
plant a seed a sapling on the ground and
you do not have environmental factors
influencing it the genetic code of that
sapling will have a lot more opportunity
to express itself however if you starve
it of water or you step on it or you
expose it to extreme cold there's bound
to be implications for what what it was
genetically predisposed for that is
essentially what Turk I'm says and so
that in in in circumstances where the
environment does not have does not reach
a threshold of preventing people then
you you can see the expression of
intelligence that is genetically what
the genetic predisposition is but if I
was to take people and subject them to
deprivation to exposure to heavy metals
to systemic lack of education to
systemic malnutrition etc etc etc this
would this would inhibit and influence
outcomes of far greater than then you
know in terms of what its genetic there
and so alright if your evidence is that
there are 52 professors
agreed with the bell curve 25 years ago
then you have said your piece and but
belief not if it's someone who is who is
by his own admission and by his own
research of sub intelligence to the
person he is speaking to I really
usually don't work in this room you are
subs you are lesser than sir and and
also the way you've summarized
herkimer's argument honestly you would
perform very poorly on any kind of test
it's because that's quite literally he
spent 15 minutes setting the table in
that interview in contrast to someone
like me by the way who probably would
have more of a frankly a historic eyes
cultural view of what an IQ test is
which we didn't even get into it is
mainly a way of reaffirming culture but
that being said they're climbers spent
most of the interview setting the stage
saying that he absolutely did not think
it was purely a cultural byproduct and
does think intelligences at least
partially a genetically innate trait and
that all of his research which debunks
what you're saying is in line with that
theory so if you can't even represent
the basics of that and all you got is 50
professors and by the way many
professors signed letters saying that
they didn't agree with the bell curve
come on man be serious or or work within
your limits and recognize that you just
don't have the genetic capacity to
operate at our level it's the same
mistake these are the conflation these
guys always make which is that if you
can identify a difference between groups
it means that those differences are down
to hereditary and rightfully
and that's not supported by any evidence
and that's what sam harris gets wrong
about this too precisely i did it i q--
doesn't change over time professors and
i am 14 that heritability estimates
range from point 4 2.8 indicating
genetics play a bigger role than
environment and creating IQ differences
but they obviously I mean listen just
now listen this is a very basic concept
there's no way that that can be
standardized because because
environmental conditions change and are
more
Suvir so in one if I give you person a I
mean I don't even know why I'm actually
trying to explain this to you because
I'm not even sure you're capable of
understanding it and you clearly don't
want to butt in in Scenario a1 can have
a genetic predisposition and the
environmental conditions would be less
harsh than in scenario B and so
necessarily environmental conditions
will have a different impact a disparate
impact there's just no way you can
measure that yeah let's go let's let
them go though you're not you're not
you're just sorry some other time we
gotta keep you can call back in a year
yes on the anniversary of this call you
can call back cuz we're we're gonna clip
this one as well right that's gonna be
stupid race it's a guy called stupid
elderly gentleman calls in yeah genetic
inferior attempts to prove that expiry
RT totally fails
