Sam cedar on the majority report on the
phone it is a pleasure to welcome to the
program
Beth Macy she is a journalist and author
of multiple books her latest book
dopesick dealers doctors and the drug
company that addicted America is out now
it chronicles the more than now 20 year
history of the opioid epidemic Beth
welcome to the program thanks for having
me Sam
all right let's start just I mean you
know and I think this audience is is
fairly familiar with different aspects
of this because we have we have spoken
not just a journalist but two lawyers
who are working on various cases going
after this but but give us a sense of
what what are the what are the numbers
that we're talking about like when we
talk about the this as an epidemic how
many people but for the development of
and I you know I guess it's sort of hard
to know this but but for the development
and the prescription of them getting
oxycontin let's say or you know any of
the sort of like the the other opioids
that have been that have followed in its
wake what are the numbers of people who
have become addicted yeah so this is the
number that really kind of made the hair
stand up on the back of my neck and also
made me realize how fast overdose deaths
are increasing in the last 15 years
we've lost thirty three hundred thousand
people to drug overdose deaths and we're
going to lose that many more in just the
next five and so I tell the story
through the ground level but if you go
back to these distressed rural areas
where people were being prescribed
immediate-release
painkillers for workplace injuries etc
especially in Central Appalachia you
talk to doctors there they have one two
maybe three people that they were
training in the course of a year for
drug dependence and as soon as that drug
came on the market the practices just
became overwhelmed with people as did
the
jails as did you know being called out
in the middle of the night to a drug
overdose death for a child you had
immunized as a baby you know and so it
really happened very quickly what the
book points out is that it took our
nation so long to get a handle on it
because it began in these politically
unimportant places and then when I moved
to the cities and suburbs with you know
I feature this upper middle class suburb
near where I live in Roanoke Virginia
people were just so ashamed and there
was such a big stigma that they hid it
from their neighbors that this was
happening in their households alright so
and I want to get to that that question
of places and in that evolution but so
just to be clear and I think people need
to understand this there have been
changes in the way these these drugs are
prescribed there is a greater awareness
among doctors about the implications of
them but the addiction epidemic is still
growing right like this isn't this isn't
a baiting it's growing isn't it that's
exactly right like I said if you look at
that that that number it's just it's
just going with no sign of plateauing
until quote sometime after 2020 and the
thing is even though doctors are now
prescribing fewer opioids and certainly
I hope no longer prescribing for
moderate pain which was the big change
that happened in the mid to late 90s
when Purdue and other pharmaceutical
companies were pushing this idea that
was pain pain was being under treated
and now it was even though centuries of
history indicated that morphine is
always addictive morphine based products
you know now we're prescribing less but
we still have 2.6 million people with
opioid use disorder and we know because
we've studied what happens in these
communities that it's not a quick fix
john kelly at harvard says and takes a
typical person who's addicted to opioids
eight years and five to six treatment
attempts just to get one year of
sobriety well and you know because I
asked that question I had occasion to
talk to an attorney who was doing
litigation against the mcKesson's like
the distributors and and he described it
as it's like a snake eating a rat like
this this this mass of people is going
to go through the system and it's good
it we're we're not we haven't even seen
it a crest yet we have that and if you
look at all these children that are now
being raised by grandparents and foster
care I mean that's one of the things I'm
learning as I went out and I did all
this reporting for two-and-a-half years
in this book and now people are coming
to my events and they're sharing other
stories and you know I got a letter from
somebody the week the book came out she
had been to my talk my kind of book
launch talk and she runs a foster care
nonprofit in the region and she said
last month we had a hundred requests for
foster care care placement largely due
to opiate people who've been orphaned by
the opioid epidemic she said we found
homes for seven of them so what happens
to the other ninety three and what
happens to these kids later in life I
mean it's really a national disgrace in
my opinion well alright let's talk about
these places because I think I remember
a statistic on the number of children in
foster care in Roanoke and it was
extraordinarily high yeah and not even
as bad as it is in these rural
distressed communities I mean in
Appalachia
it's as high as 50 percent Wow all right
well let's start I mean and and it it
may not seem obvious and you've touched
on it just to briefly but but about
those initial hot spots what were the
hot site like if we were to track and
watch it on sort of like a an animated
graph and we would watch yes these
places tell us what we would see first
and in why and then how it migrated yeah
so you would first see it becoming a
real problem with jails filling up and
overdoses happening in these areas where
factories were closing where coal mines
were shutting down in places like
Machias Maine where there was lots of
logging and fishermen people places
where there were lots of workplace
injuries
so where people were already being
prescribed immediate-release opioids
before oxycontin came out and the thing
Purdue Pharma did with oxycontin is they
hired an army of reps and they bought
this data that showed them which doctors
in which towns were prescribing the most
immediate release opioids so they they
knew who the competitors were and
exactly who to target so let's say
you're dr. Smith and you're practicing
in Machias Maine and you have a lot of
loggers who have been there or fishermen
who've had workplace incident you're
going to get a call now from a Purdue
rep and this is mid to late 90s who's
preaching this notion that pain is being
largely undertreated and because we have
this brand-new time release mechanism
that allows oxycontin a drug stronger
than any that had far been on the market
to allegedly bleed out over 12 hours
it's much safer and the FDA allowed them
to say the new time release mechanism
made it so it is believed to reduce the
abuse for dependence and overdose as I
was supposed to be safer addiction was
quote exquisitely rare or less rare and
only happened in less than 1% of cases
so this was a narrative being pushed in
doctors offices all across the country
Purdue hired 5,000 doctors nurses and
pharmacists to become paid speakers and
they really did a full on assault but it
starts out in these distressed areas
because that's where there were
legitimate workplace injuries but if you
look at the families that I profile in
those areas there those folks have
always been able to take say two weeks
of vicodin or percocet for a simple
workplace injury and then largely be
finished with it and at the end of the
course the difference was as a police
officer put it to me oxycontin turned a
lot of people into non-functioning
people because it was so strong and a
lot of people immediately figured out an
end run around the 12-hour mechanism and
so it was I mean it was both both were
problem right like that it was it was
stronger than it would knock you out
more than you anticipated
and who I wrote that you up for
addiction right okay better mm-hmm and
then and then they realized it because
the jobs were going away it was
something it was its own resource to be
plundered they could doctor shop say you
and lost your job and a textile plant
you could go to your doctor and say you
know my back's really giving me trouble
and because of this new narrative being
pushed by Purdue and other opioid makers
the pain was under treated and that
oxycontin was safe now for moderate pain
I mean that was a big thing you could go
and say you had back pain something
that's hard to prove they would write
your oxycontin and then you could sell
it to your neighbors who were already
addicted for $1 milligrams so became a
way for people to pay the bills right
and then okay so and we see this in the
data we see these you know towns in
Appalachia or you know towns in Maine
that are hit Ohio that are hit Ohio just
devastated and then where does it go how
does it like how does it migrate there
is it just that the yeah the marketing
campaign just expands well the marketing
campaign was everywhere I'm saying it
becomes a problem earlier in these rural
areas which had never had like you know
people left their doors unlocked and you
know I remember story early on a dynamic
in the night deposit for the grocery
store that he that he managed was
murdered as he was you know making his
deposit because somebody was addicted to
oxycontin needed money to go buy more
and that fear of dope sickness was was
creating this crime never before seen I
mean that people are stacked up in the
jail one man traded his family's mule
for four pills so crime at that level
had never before seen but at the same
time these reps are going everywhere in
the country right so it's just not
becoming as as as well-known in places
that aren't as distressed so it's it's
happening in New York it's happening
where I live in Virginia which is not a
distress region everywhere it just
doesn't really show up as a huge Prague
because the crime wasn't you know
changing the way it was in these truly
distressed areas so when it when it
really kind of slaps people in the face
where I live here in Roanoke is when a
pair of local weathermen overdose at a
party and it became local news and
everybody went what wealthy white guys
and then and that was 2006 in 2010 you
see a bunch of kids get caught training
are using and selling because anyone who
becomes addicted many people who becomes
addicted also start selling it in order
to fund their own habit a couple of
private school kids get ensnared in this
and not just a couple but a couple get
caught and one dies the other is about
to go to prison for his role in his
classmates death and I do a series then
a newspaper report in 2012 I do a series
on this and people are just like what
wealthy white kids for doing heroin and
of course that was just the tip of the
iceberg the reason it was so slow
becoming you know people becoming aware
of it in the cities and suburbs were the
the wealthier kids had the money to hide
their addiction they could say their
iPad was was stolen and their parents
will buy him a new one when really they
had pawned it for drugs and the parents
who were in on the quote dirty little
secret had the money to send their kids
off to rehab and they were too ashamed
to tell their neighbors it was really
this perfect storm in each location but
it just becomes as the public becomes
aware of it the timing is different for
that and so the last locality I talk
about in the book is there's a little
Adil ik form town which is not a
distressed community in the northern
Shenandoah Valley which you know has a
choice convicted drug dealer lands and
they're already people who are addicted
to pills and he sort of brings heroin
and in bulk and that town goes from
having a handful of users to almost
hundreds overnight and so what I try to
do it that's Ronnie Jones right well I
want to I want to get into some
individuals but I'm fascinated by this
because I'm also aware that that the
numbers of
of of Latinos and african-americans who
became addicted was lower because they
didn't have access to healthcare it's
interesting it's interesting that like
there is a sweet spot on some level of
that that that pushed this the this
addiction epidemic where there was
enough money to have access to medical
care but not enough to really to inhibit
people like you know in the wealthier
areas you're not going and pretending
you have a back problem to sell to your
buddies or your friends who are addicted
because you have enough money to do to
not do that so it yeah so in that
instance the sort of like not complete
poverty but but significant enough it
seems like struggle to the middle class
was an accelerant because the the the
need for the money was there but there
was enough also to get initial access
right you you thought your money
protected you but in fact it's kind of
did the opposite in this there's just so
many unintended consequences everywhere
but but as you said like in terms of
getting addicted to pills people of
color were sort of predicted by good
old-fashioned racism right doctors
didn't trust them not to overuse it or
they didn't have access to go to the
doctor but now you see numbers in people
of color overdose numbers in particular
because of fentanyl especially in the
mid in the urban areas in middle-class
Latino and african-american men overdose
that's actually being higher because
they're coming out of jail at a rate
higher than then white people are
because they're going to jail it at a
higher rate and many who are using who
were using before because they got no
treatment in jail they come out of jail
and they go back to using what they're
using before only now has fentanyl in it
and as someone said if it's raining in
the white community it's a tsunami in
the black community so they're less
likely to call 911
for police because I know trust them and
they're less likely to have access to
health care so of course now there's
just no demographic in America that's
been untouched by this let's just talk a
little bit more about the the marketing
in the in the family that owned Perdue
as the drivers of this in 2000 the
marketing budget was four billion is
that right I mean I I wrote that down in
my notes but I I look at it it doesn't
seem correct
that doesn't seem correct me either I
think that might be a bit high where did
you get that bro I don't know I thought
I'd take it I'm not knowing the
marketing budget off the top of my head
but certainly I quoted the marketing
budget because I had access to it in the
book and it's correct in the book but
yeah I mean they spent a lot of money on
marketing and no four billion being
which much is extraordinary I think I'm
down between oh six and fifteen the
whole pharmaceutical industry opioid
makers spent almost a billion dollars on
lobbying and political campaigns so
think about that and think about who
you're voting for and whether or not
they're accepting money from from these
opioid makers there was an attempt also
I mean I guess this was about a year or
two ago to change the the the the the
guidelines for these distributors who
are in between obviously the
manufacturers the distributors have a
statutory obligation to report any type
of like blips and they obviously saw
different areas where you know there are
more pills going in than people and yeah
tiny Kermit West Virginia Eric I are at
the Charleston West Virginia paper did
some great reporting on that just kinda
at West Virginia I think you had 400
some people and I forget how many
millions of pills went there in one year
I mean just ridiculous and no oversight
at all
