do you see this exchange Duty with it
started with Jim Acosta well this is
important and this is this is
encouraging I'll tell you this is like
the one of the most more engaging
alright okay this is three minutes long
but let's play it
it starts with Jim Acosta and and and
then it goes to Paula Reid from CBS
Costas from Shannon and then ends with
this guy Brian carom who's from from
from Playboy magazine and here's the
thing that I think is good about this is
that usually in these type of
circumstances you have one reporter who
asks a question and the way that the
spokesperson whoever is being you know
on the hot seat gets away from his they
say you've spoken enough I'm going to go
to another reporter and that reporter
then starts asking about you know what's
going on with the communicates from blah
blah in this instance you have three
reporters in a row who will not let them
off the hook and that's why I think this
is encouraging I mean you know right now
it's like you know small things right
you get excited about but all right
let's listen to this exchange and these
laws are the same that have been on the
books for over a decade and the
president is simply enforcing them
policy to take children away from their
parents with their parents and then
suddenly they're pulled away from their
parents and why is the government doing
this because it's the law and that's
what the law states it doesn't have to
be the law and the president is actually
called on Democrats in Congress to fix
those loopholes the Democrats fail and
come to the table to help this president
close these loopholes and fix this
problem we don't want this to be a
problem the president has tried to
address it a number of occasions we've
laid out a proposal and Democrats simply
refused to do their job and fix the
problem posit incidentally and we should
we should just note here not only is
this not the law
right the Republicans control both
branches of the legislature of the
legislative body of this country they
don't need Democrats to do anything the
Republicans could pass this easily if
they wanted to but let's continue there
is no law that requires families be
separate at the border this was the
administration's choice to move from
civil matters and immigration until
criminal to criminally prosecute people
come across the border illegally and
therefore it to separate families so why
did the administration find that this
was necessary and if it continues to not
have much of a deterrent effect will you
continue this policy again the laws are
the ones that have been on the books for
over a decade and the president is
enforcing them we would like to fix the
broken system that our immigration your
I can fix our immigration problem
however until Democrats are willing to
actually fix this problem it's going to
continue but we would like to see it fix
Joe take responsibility for its policy
change from civil hailing them as civil
matters to Crump so he said a policy
change to enforce the law that's been
that's been this administration's policy
since the day we got here in April if he
was gonna made some family it is so it
has been our administration's policy
they're separating families to deter
people from coming here illegally
our administration has had the same
position since we started on day one
that we were going to enforce the law I
know it was something that wasn't high
on the priority list and the previous
administration but it is and we're in
for Santa Laurel and protecting our
borders we would like to fix these
loopholes and if Democrats when I get
serious about it instead of playing
political games they're welcome to come
here I can sit down with the president
and actually do something about it
come on Sarah you're a parent don't you
have any empathy for what these people
are going through they have less Drive
I'm trying to be serious but I'm not
gonna have you yell out of turn Chili's
it's a law and and they have that these
people have nothing hey Brad I know you
want to get some more TV go ahead it's a
serious question these people have
nothing they come to the border with
nothing and you throw children in cages
you're a parent dirt down to young
children don't you have any empathy for
what they go through
Jill water it would not be possible for
her to be a more disgusting thing she is
okay she is the definition of let
me tell you something more that for the
sake for the sake of those people who
are going to listen to that and and want
to get me fired from this show I would
tell you you could go directly and set
up a GoFundMe page to support this
program because I cannot get fired from
this show so I just want to tell you if
you really I'm saying you know what the
reason the c-word is around for women
like her and he's absolutely right he's
absolutely right
you're a mother like it's unbelievable
it's just unbelievable that you can
stand there and defend this and and and
and also blame the Democrats like you're
in office for over a year now
you're gonna have and you're still
 blaming the Democrats well this
is a new policy there's a new policy I
mean they're doing this they're doing it
as an attempt to leverage the Democratic
votes on this immigration bill that is
coming up yeah and basically saying hey
we're going to continue to do these
these horrible things unless you you
vote the way we want I mean this is the
classic sort of hold the hostage thing
but you would expect anybody with a
shred of integrity or a set is shred of
decency to answer those questions walk
away from the podium
and in a resignation letter and say I'm
sorry I can't do this because I have a
moral code I'm a religious person I'm a
parent I'm a human being like I'm not a
sociopath I have the capacity to
actually feel the motion I have a sense
of what the law is you know there's
probably there's but I want to look my
family in the eye on my death bed after
I participated in this is showing that
women can be just as cold-hearted and
sociopathic as men its feminism this is
the yeah this is the fifth wave of
feminism there you go
don't try to reduce me to my identity as
a mother I can be just as a disgusting a
piece of garbage as anyone else in this
administration okay I mean there is good
I don't know I mean there's something
about him saying you're a mother you
know as if you know these guys are
fathers too and no one says to them
you're a father right let me be happy
sex or abusing my children I think there
is a I think there actually is another
element to that part of it about three
or four weeks ago there was a clip of
Huckabee Sanders that was being played
particularly on Fox News as if it was
like I think helpful to her where I
think she got a question from a kid who
somehow showed up at was that some time
okay
and the kid said how can you how could
you not do anything about these
shootings and I think the kid was vain I
think the kid was like maybe like
tearing up she started acting class and
and it may have been sincere I mean you
know as a parent particularly of small
kids I mean when my first yeah your kids
old but when they're young when my first
was you know I think like around this
age four five or six or seven I'm over
it now you
my second one but the first one like I
would cry you know like I feel like I
cried you know that that asteroid movie
with the Bruce Willis like on an
airplane the guy you cried that's quite
a bit all it takes a commercials that
involve children you just start crying
and so here is that segment here and and
it is you know this was a thing that
people were talking about he really
humanizes her and you really see that
she's a real human being and and here
hears that that clip it's it's pretty
quick I think that as a kid and
certainly as a parent there is nothing
that could be more terrifying for a kid
to go to school and not feel safe so I'm
sorry that you feel that way this
administration takes it seriously and
the school safety commission that the
president convened is meeting this week
again an official meeting to discuss the
best ways forward and how we can do
every single thing within our power to
protect kids in our schools and to make
them feel safe and make their parents
feel good about you know what's
interesting about this is that as I'm
watching it she when she sees this
little white kid say these words she
thinks of her kid but when she hears
these stories of these these brown folk
who come here who are immigrants and
they get separated and none of that's
triggered none of that's triggered
there's no capacity for empathy she is
thinking about her child in that moment
she is not thinking about the child
who's asking her the question or the
other children she's thinking about her
child there and when it comes to
immigrants yeah this administration has
the ability to really separate those
things she handled that emotion like a
pro though what'd she say well yeah
she's not gonna let that last room
shred of humanity I don't even know I
mean I think she I think she like I
think that was genuine I think that was
genuine there been times like look
there's been times doing this show when
there have been things that I've talked
about that trigger that reaction in me
you know that but me and and and you
know you got a job to do you plow third
I think that was sincere but I think it
was really about I'm thinking about my
kid I'm not thinking about reaction you
can be more empathetic when you have a
child and you like when I see those
school shootings all I think about it oh
my god what would it be like to arrive
at that school and yours is the kid that
doesn't come out you know and greet is
there her parents you know it's you have
to be like a not to they
really they really have a talent in this
administration to to compartmentalize
when those kids are not you know white
mrs. hooker bright my family is putting
in detention center can you help us
yeah you're gonna need to ask the
Democrats about that get the hell out of
us why don't you take your charity money
and go pay people off you
no they paid you they pay me after the
charity what part of this don't you get
you to totally political totally
political a lot of hatred a lot of
hatred not surprised you to go that's
right wrap that anger but that's you
know that's fake comedy speaking of
which I love my sister's got a ticket
he's gonna strung so much see judea
money press no I just I and honestly
people who are like well you know you've
got a really you got to listen to the
other side there is no other side the
guy is
 he's immoral he's a liar
he's a narcissist he is dumb
he has no curiosity he's a racist
he's a homophobe he's an okay he
is not there's no he has no class
whatsoever none zero well hello
I mean that's that take that take that
silence as a total agreement I can't you
know I there's no half way there's no
way there's no way because everything is
 right and that whole
thing about oh you want him to fail you
don't want the North Korean things in
there again yes yeah yeah we want we
want to have North Korea Aveda
 it's a zero-sum dammit
[Laughter]
why it's a zero-sum game
I mean the bottom line is any any any
quarter any inch given to these people
is one that's gone and it's it's taken
out of it's taken out of you know it's
going to be taken out of the hides of
others I mean there are there you know
we're already seeing look this is gonna
go we're moving from people who enter
this country illegally and people who
commit crimes while they're here to
people who just entered this country
without documents to people who walk up
to this country and see and seek asylum
ok breaking no laws just simply coming
up seeking asylum and then we're gonna
move to the next level is going to be
going back getting people who have been
admitted into this country legally who
have been given citizenship and getting
them out via a technicality that's the
next step that we're gonna see except
for melania real honestly except for my
wishes I would love to be deported
right now this is the this is the hold D
naturalization process which we've heard
about for a while where they go back and
they look at you know applications and
apparently according to I have I've
heard there's a question on there have
you ever committed a crime for which you
are not arrested and uh if there's well
I've smoked pot I've I've I've smoked
pot I've taken a left turn I gotta stop
whatever it is Wow all right then
these are all could be the basis of or
you filled out this form I mean the way
that they do insurance and do rescission
right I mean and they're gonna go
through the D naturalization process and
then after that they'll take the next
step I mean there's no doubt now it
seems to me that we are on a we are deep
enough onto a spectrum of fascism where
you can say this is fascism it's not
engulfing everybody yet we're not and it
may not it may not lead there but we
have gone from a seed to a seedling and
so there is plant life outside of the
ground it's not a tree yet it's not full
um you know a plant but we're at
seedling stage and you know real lives
are being shattered real people are
gonna die we campaigned on that but I
paint on the explicit promise of
radically increasing human misery yep
the fact that he is more comfortable I
mean you can see he's way more
comfortable with dictators and and
xenophobes and then he is with our
allies I mean he he realizes he's
completely
his element with Merkel and McCrone and
and Trudeau because they're thoughtful
and they're they're smart and they're
moral and he can't be around that
because he's a and it's
like he reaches out to these
Putin and because that's who he on some
level relates to like his here is a clip
here's a clip of Brett bear on Air Force
One talking about Kim jong-un the first
clip it's a little bit clipped at the
top but he says Kim jong-un is clearly
executing people and listen to Trump's
reaction if you could do that at 27
years old you I mean that's one in
10,000 that could do that so he's a very
smart guy it's a great negotiator I
think we understand each other that's it
that's his response that's it you said
that one in 10,000 line multiple-time
yeah rewind it rewind dad just hear the
first part of this hey will you take
over the country people and you take it
over from your father I don't care who
you are what you are how much of an
advantage you have if you could do that
at 27 years old okay so he sees
executing people that's 1 in 10,000
first off one in 10,000 there would be a
lot of countries that we would need to
provide for all those limits are really
high talent pools one in 10,000 I'm so
millions people on planet it's a punk
like like McCrone would play separately
I couldn't do it anymore I'm too weak to
run in ten thousands I do have you
thought ever since he actually said like
there's like a half a dozen people in
like Peter Cooper's village that's not
nearly MBA Oh
college ball do you think of that when
you walk on the street now like I look
at people and I'm like are you part are
you part of that talented to one in
10,000 hey could this guy that just got
on the C train order his uncle shot I
can't and fire does he have the ball how
do we got three six billion
I'm on seven now okay one two three at
six billion you're still talking about
60,000 people look I mean as nutrition's
increase there's the Flynn is more than
that it's more than that I think my
numbers are off it's six hundred
thousand there's a lot of untapped
talent there's a whole new york city
full of people who could murder people
as a leader of a tough country he tough
always means good when he says it yeah I
you know he thinks he's tough he's not
and he's a like I can't
believe but there are people who are
smart who like are educated who will
overlook his fascism and his
dumbness he and um what you can I mean
you can see his little brain working
like oh what am I gonna say that what am
I gonna say now so he's a he's
so disgusting like he and and he has
degraded the office of the presidency
right the hell like remember how Obama
used to have concerts and bring the arts
in you know nothing I don't want to
waste money it's almost like rich people
care more about their pocketbooks then
culture I can't I mean I am like I can't
take it anymore
it's great to see Gary cone it's great
to see Gary cone finally speak up he
didn't speak up during Charlottesville
you didn't speak up during eyes and he
speaks up because he's upset about
tariffs maybe maybe taking all the wind
falls from the tax cuts back he's a
scumbag these people are so the waters
should all be in prison they should all
honestly be like on work detail
you know they honestly like there should
be free TaskRabbit for everybody just
completely filled with all these people
yeah but Jody let me ask you a question
yeah one in 10,000 maybe maybe a little
bit less right you got to give that kid
some credit it was a tough situation
[Laughter]
like how do they defend it like oh
that's just Trump we got it we got a sip
through the it's all there's
no shipping it's all mean I just don't
know - wouldn't you rather than talk to
each other oh I just want to provide a
small counterpoint before i undermined
myself again which is for a lot of
people it's been fascism for a pretty
long time like remember that photo of
the kid in a cage and everyone was all
mad about it and then it turned out it
was from like 2014 right right right
like it's it's not been great but it's
definitely getting worse and if if Trump
is what it takes to get people to care
about this issue and to care about
undocumented immigrants then I think
that's fine right I think it's it's it's
better than nothing let's put it that
way
yeah it's not fine but I know it's good
that people care
III hope they do I mean you know it's
it's weird to me on some level and maybe
it's just the timing and the snap but
and and and the nature of it but people
went to the airports from
Muslim ban on some level there's like
Ryan knows where to go right now
nobody knows like where where do you
like what you know people great thing is
that wherever punch goes there's life
you know there's days dancing you know I
mean that's great but there's got to be
something that yeah you're right where
do we go how do we protest well you know
like you last night last night people
were people were protesting
five or six blocks from here at about
5:30 because of the the guys who called
the cops on the pizza delivery guy who
was it no no this was a protest
regarding the separation of families I
