[Music]
[Music]
is always safer in the hands of the
people than in the conference rooms of
India later they are unanimous we must
guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex dama chard a report with sam
cedar
[Music]
it is Monday October 16th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
founder of Tarbell dot-org author of
deadly spin and nation on the take
reformed health insurance industry
executive wendell potter on donald
trump's adoption of obamacare meanwhile
border Rico's health care infrastructure
collapsing cat as casualties up to 43
dead and growing oral arguments in a
federal court over the emolument suit
start this week in New York and our
rocky troops trying to retake Kirkuk
from the Kurds meanwhile Trump's new
National Oceanic Atmospheric
Administration had not a science guy but
does have a huge conflict of interest
then Chad stops fighting Boko Haram
after Trump's travel ban Kapernick files
a grievance against NFL owners the me to
hash tag trends in the wake of Harvey
Weinstein
I guess just fall from grace as it were
and Donald Trump treats Mike Pence like
like it's actually the dynamic from the
president show all that and more on
today's program
ladies and gentlemen hey first folks let
me just start with I got an email from
Fred formerly from Connecticut College
who is
in Seoul Korea and he created two
Facebook groups one being the majority
report international so if you are an
international listener of the majority
report you can head over to at Facebook
and one is specifically for Korea which
is also on Facebook we have both those
links and one of the things that's going
to happen when we do get our new blog
and I guess I implied our new website I
guess I implied that it was gonna be
ready like a week ago and I shouldn't
have done that it's closed we're
dangerously closed but we will have a
page designed specifically for stuff
like this
where if you're interested hey I want to
get a go to a meet-up or what is that
organization in Virginia that I can get
involved with or is their Facebook page
for people who are listening to the
program and Chad let's say we will place
all that in a specific section of the
website so don't necessarily send us the
links now but get them ready get them
ready and we have a full complement of
people in the studio today the majority
report juggernaut just really is like
weren't full capacity Matt is here
Michael's back from his weekly vacation
it was an educational experience I'm
sure next then in about a week a little
over a week though you don't need to say
just it's much better when you spring on
us
of course Brendan is here Yeah right
he's already getting cold Brendan is
here as is Jaime and I should say it
reminds me are you hiring do you know
where to post your job to get the best
candidates well ask yourself what if
hiring could be easier more streamlined
less time-consuming so even when you're
busy
you could still be smart about the way
you hire if you're hiring you know that
quality hires keep your business moving
forward but you also know it can take a
lot of time to find the right candidate
I know all of this folks but I wised up
and I use dipper cooter for the last
round of hiring and sitting on our couch
right now Brendon is Brendon why don't
you tell folks how how you came to this
program folks if you're sitting on your
couch in your apartment get on zip
recruiter right now Wow look at that got
a great one selling it why deal and if
you tell him about our deal we actually
did find Brenda through zip recruiter
and I'll tell you why how that happened
I don't know how he found it but I do
know that was it prakruti you can post
your job to over 100 of the web's
leading job boards and then zipper could
have puts it smart technology to work it
basically matches stuff up against what
you're looking for from what people
present themselves as in on these job
sites and it works it wasn't it was a
hard choice honestly the hires were I
had over a hundred and fifty candidates
for these two jobs and many of whom I
dug I put just in the next time Michael
takes a vacation column so that's pretty
soon hmm
80% of employers oppose zip recruiter
get a quality candidate through the site
in just one day I had multiple quality
candidates through the site and one day
do you like research do you hate Jimmy
do it and the best part I didn't have to
juggle any emails no calls to the office
we don't even have a phone here simply
screen rate and manage all candidates in
one place with zip recruiters easy to
use dashboard zip recruiter it's the
smartest way to hire Brendan made a
point of saying that we have a deal and
we do right now my listeners can post
jobs on zip recruiter for free that's
right for free just go to zip recruiter
dot-com slash majority that zip
recruiter comm slash majority one more
time try for free zip recruiter comm
slash majority you know what I say the
best time to look for somebody to hire
is when you don't need anybody and folks
my diet with Nikki is over I did not win
but the one thing that we did not
neither one of us gave up over the whole
month that we had a diet competition I
sort of tried to re reinvigorate it from
what I did with break room lab in Marin
didn't work out as well this time for me
I don't have the same resentment of my
wife as I did of Mark Maret but we did
nothing we did not give up our blue
apron and blue apron is celebrating its
fifth anniversary by bringing back its
top 20 recipes from throughout the past
five years
that's crazy that's I can only imagine
how good those are you can try out blue
aprons all-time customer faves by going
and I just added that myself the copy
says favorites and I called it fades by
going to blue apron dot-com / majority
blue apron delivers seasonal recipes
along with pre proportioned ingredients
to make delicious home-cooked meals you
can customize your recipes each week
based upon your preferences we're almost
like 100% seafood now seafood or no no
no meat whatsoever I guess it's not huh
Scott Aryan yeah I guess cute Aryan as
far as blue apron is concerned blue
apron has several delivery options so
you can choose what fits your needs and
there's no weekly commitment so you only
get the deliveries you want each meal
comes with a step-by-step easy-to-follow
recipe card pre proportion ingredients
and can be prepared in 40 minutes or
less check out this week's menu and get
30 bucks off your first meal with free
shipping that'll feed a family of 3.7
like we have by going to blue apron
dot-com slash majority you're gonna love
how good it feels and tastes to create
incredible home-cooked meals of blue
apron that's blue apron comm slash
majority blue apron a better way to cook
alright let's play this clip of Steve
Bannon because certainly and I gotta be
honest with you there is there seems to
be there are multiple things that Trump
did over the past week that are going to
that should present the situation where
he owns Obamacare and they're attempting
to make it fail and it's unclear at this
point like what ultimately the strategy
is because I've seen different takes now
on what Bannon is going to brag about
here as to whether or not is actually
going to create more winners than losers
in the system but it's certainly
creating a lot of uncertainty and there
are other things that oh that Trump
signed last week that are going to make
the system even more rickety the best
parts of this of course were the
Medicaid expansion and the patient
protections it's unclear it's unclear at
least where the patient protection stand
they can't touch Medicaid except for
obviously in those Republican states for
the time being I should say but here's
the ban and bragging to the Values Voter
Summit because they vote on values I
don't know what those values are I think
you do I do know what they are
yeah Treasury secretary minuchin said
it's going to be a middle-class tax cut
and it's going to have the small
business tax that there's gonna be
middle class and for working class
people policy for one moment I just want
to remind you that when manuchehr was
asked about this on CNN I think it was
he said well that wasn't a promise that
was actually less of a promise in a
pledge and more of like a an idea
I always said like I hope you stay in
your house okay that's aspirational yeah
so just just to correct abandon because
this was this I think this talk did take
place after 10:00 a.m. so you know
things get a little loose after that
time except there's gonna be middle
class and for working-class people I
guarantee you
then you had Obamacare not gonna make
the CSR payments gonna blow that thing
up gonna blow those exchanges up right
pause it
this is not going to be terribly helpful
for Trump where are the Republicans when
they argue that it has collapsed on its
own accord when Steve Bannon is bragging
that they're doing this to to blow it up
but I don't think Steve Bannon actually
shares that same project as those people
so and lo and behold we're gonna
decertify and get out there and deal
yeah
that's unclear that they're gonna get
out of the Iran deal they've actually
kicked the can over to Congress but I've
got to ask about Ben and we're gonna
look into this more in the second half a
where did his southern accent return
from and B why is he so out of breath in
that very slow-paced presentation of
what he was talking about I mean the guy
was completely out of breath um my
review from Sex in the City
blow that up so I try to get a writing
credit sexy I get it and now we're gonna
have fascism there you go all of
you
there's your Steve banning for the day
hey folks holiday business gifting is
fast approaching oh wow that's true
this year you can choose gifts that are
simple to give joy and to get choose
Omaha Steaks
huge variety from premium steaks the
skillet meals you can personalized
one-on-one service easy to order when we
got our gift pack that was about a year
ago now or maybe six months ago I can't
remember what it was it was over the
summer it's like Memorial Day weekend I
have never seen such activity I've never
seen such alacrity in this office as I
saw going for grabbing that stuff it's
amazing how fast Matt can move it's very
great exactly Paulette dude to do it's
all something he moves like his books
it's gourmet food it's a holiday gift it
never disappoints and you can
personalize each gift for a more
meaningful experience just for my
listeners enjoy special holiday pricing
on the perfect business gift you don't
have to give it just for business that's
the dirty little secret they'll never
know it's an ideal holiday gift for your
clients employees partners
oh maybe your boss guys and maybe not it
includes four bacon-wrapped tri-tip
steaks for Omaha steak burgers for
gourmet Franks two boneless pork chops
for kielbasa sausages for free caramel
apple tartlets plus you get free
shipping the whole exclusive holiday
gift package is only $59.99 go to Omaha
Steaks dot-com type report in the search
bar and choose the perfect business gift
you got to type it in the search bar
they're sneaky about this you get a type
report in the search bar because now
everybody gets this deal again visit Oh
mistakes dot-com enter code report in
the search bar to send or experience
this exclusive gift package for only
$59.99 and it ships for free alright
gonna take quick break when we come back
wendell potter founder of Tarbell org
we'll be right back
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report it is a pleasure to welcome back
to the program author of deadly spin and
nation on the take he's a reformed
health insurance industry executive and
the founder of Tarbell dot org which is
Wendell's at launching basically this
week we're going to be launching the
crowdfunding campaign to get this really
effort running perhaps a new campaign
starts on October the 23rd which is
Monday from a week from today and it's
one of the most ambitious crowdfunding
for journalism projects ever undertaken
in this country we want to raise quite a
bit of money we've already raised enough
to get us to this stage we've been
laying the platform of the groundwork
for this for for now more than a year
and we're getting so darn close we think
that we can raise a significant amount
of money into our crowdfunding campaign
to produce some of the most important
journalism this country's ever seen all
right well I'm looking forward to seeing
it and we'll put that link on our site
at majority dot F M Wendell over the
years and I guess we've known each other
for quite some time I I have learned so
much about the health insurance industry
from you after you sort of crossed over
from the dark side into the the side of
light after your time as an insurance
you were in the communications
department there right is that right
that's right I actually worked for two
big health insurance companies over 20
years first it was Humana and then Cigna
and at once in different times I ran the
communications shops for both of those
big companies so I was a guy who was the
chief spokesman for for those companies
and helped craft the communications
plans strategies to try to influence
public opinion the way that we wanted
public opinion to be shaped all right so
let's with that said let's dig into
what's taken place over the past week
and a half I mean I know you and I have
talked many times in the past about the
shortcomings of the Affordable Care Act
and but right now we're looking at at
something I don't know the the the
Frankenstein version of the Affordable
Care Act I guess is where we're headed
under Trump give it give us a sense of
like now this week we saw multiple
executive orders that really don't do
anything the moment they launch right
they basically tasks North right
different departments to do certain
things let's talk about those like what
tell us about those executive orders and
what they mean well some of the most
damaging parts of the executive orders
would take us back to the days before
the Affordable Care Act was passed in
which so many Americans were enrolled in
junk insurance plans plans that had
relatively low premiums but didn't cover
much of anything so people were really
buying junk insurance and this would
enable that to happen once again the
executive orders as you correctly noted
instructs the various departments of
government involved in this to come up
with new regulations and there has to be
a period of time in which the public can
comment on what they come up with so
it's going to take a little little while
before this can be implemented and
hopefully maybe never implemented at all
as you probably know some attorneys
general in several states have announced
they're filing litigation against the
government to try to block this from
happening but it could go forward so all
right there was a one of the one set of
the regulations allows for the creating
of associations right I mean tell us
what what right what is that and and and
I should say too I mean just as just so
that I put a pin in this for folks that
the the full name of the Affordable Care
Act was actually the Patient Protection
Affordable Care Act and it was the
patient protection stuff that made our
insurance be something other than just
insurance in name only yeah in fact
regretable that that part of the name
just just kind of disappeared because
that was my view the most important part
the legislation some of the most
important yeah bringing people into
coverage is very important but making
insurance companies behave better to be
more consumer focused and to stop doing
things that they should have not done
ever anyway like selling junk insurance
and dropping people from the policies
when they got sick charging women more
than men one of these things were
changed by the Affordable Care Act they
were true
patient protections what the president
wants to do is take us back to the days
when insurance companies could get away
with that and more Association health
plans it's not a new concept but it
would really be devastating to so many
people it enables small businesses in
particular to band together in an
association and to circumvent the rules
and regulations in the state in which
they're based to to put together the
health insurance policies that might not
even cover hospitalization that would
not cover people with pre-existing
conditions we charge people who are
older far more than people who are
younger it gives them the flexibility to
do that it essentially gives them the
ability to do things that big employers
do but go far off into a bad direction
of enabling them to really take
advantage of workers what this
essentially is is a means for some
employers to say to their prospective
workers we've got health insurance we
can give you some coverage that you need
and I've seen this happen before a lot
of people sign up so that they fall for
that thinking they're getting real
coverage when in fact it's almost
worthless in fact and it is probably
worse than worthless because people
think they're getting coverage that will
protect them and they often find when
it's too late that they just don't have
the protection that they thought they
had talked a lot if you recall during
the campaign it up removing the
invisible lines if you said around the
states well that is just the exact
opposite of what most Republicans talk
about about states rights this would
strip state regulators from having the
to protect their consumers because it
would enable these associations to go
into the state with the least consumer
protection set up business there and
sell policies from there and if anyone
say in New York signed up for a policy
that was created and based in
Mississippi the New York regulators
would have very little ability to
protect the consumers of New York now so
here's the part that I'm a little bit
confused about this my understanding is
is that for whatever reason Health and
Human Services basically change the rule
that said you can buy you can do that
that out that that aspect of it if you
are a if you are an employer providing
insurance you can actually buy sign up
