[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well stop on
this it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis
Airport homage our day rub far more
credible to me than PBS and front one
the majority report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Friday October 20th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal and
from the conference center at the
Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas Nevada it is
mass torts conference 2017 folks if it's
your first time listening to the program
and if it's the first time listening to
the program and you're not familiar of
what we do here during this conference I
interview lawyers who are involved in
large-scale class-action suits
we've had many stories of incredible
amounts of corporate malfeasance and
sometimes government failure or
limitations of what government can do
these folks come in and function in many
ways and very broad strokes almost like
deputized posses extending the reach of
our regulatory infrastructure and in
some instances our criminal
infrastructure in holding people account
to the damages which can range from to
the environment to their health to their
lives to people across the country and a
little bit later obviously a lot of news
to talk about we will get to that news a
little bit later some reason the studio
has blocked off the video camera so I
don't know what they're doing back in
Brooklyn sorry Matt you just got you
just got nailed but for the moment it's
my pleasure to welcome Mike Berg he is
from the firm burg Simpson in Colorado
Mike welcome back to the program we've
talked multiple times over yeah Sam
great to be here again so Mike tell me
um we got the tech guy here the the
ethernet is just not working
so you can try that and hopefully if we
have any problems folks it'll be a
function of of our of our internet going
out so RK Mike burg we've spoken many
times in the past about different cases
in fact you and I spoke I don't know if
it was six months ago because we do this
conference uh twice a year or a year ago
but you had told me this story about
what was happening with body parts right
and it's in the case has been developed
since then it's it's really a horrifying
situation people out there should be
aware of it what we've discovered is
that there are entities that are going
into hospices hospitals and in
attempting I refer to them as Body
Snatchers but they don't even have to
dig up the body what they do is they
they make a representation that they
would save you the cost of burial and
funeral expenses and they donate body
parts to science if you if you'll donate
the body of your loved one
and in in this particular instance this
well let me ask you is how wide practice
pred is the practice of of people
donating their organs to to science I I
think it's very wide so it's like when
we take organ donor
absolutely that we're talking absolute
ly and you have it in your driver's
license and you become a donor and I've
been a donor for years and years and
years until I got involved in this case
and and I will tell you that we've
talked to FBI agents who actually raided
this facility and they've no longer been
a donor and so you have to be really
careful if you're going to be a donor as
to who you end up donating to because
this story and it sounds like a
Halloween tale but it but it's not it is
really really a tragic situation and let
me briefly just sort of tell you what
we're doing they're coming in and
getting these bodies under false
pretences we know of cases where no a so
who is
a day well in this particular instance
the defendants in this case our BRC
Arizona and BRC Ellen Oy but there's
other companies out there that are
similarly situated we've done more
research and in the what I'll describe
is body-snatching is fairly widespread
and again these are the allegations in
our case there is no there's been no
trial yet but the allegations that have
been made and the documents we've seen
is that what happens is they go in and
they make representations that these
bodies would be used for science
particularly whether it's Alzheimer's
and the brain will be used and
ultimately there are some laws that
prohibit people for selling body parts
for the profit so what they do is they
go in and they are allowed to transfer
the bodies for their cost they transfer
it for their cost to a third party who
in many cases is part owner or secretly
a part owner of the other company and
then that company then takes those
bodies and they stell them on the black
market in Southeast Asia there's a price
list actually that we showed here at the
conference and in many cases they'll
sell them to the Department of Defense
improperly where they haven't gotten the
proper release and we know of cases
where people were told the bodies would
be donated for heart disease or
Alzheimer's where the entire body was
sent to Department of Defense to be used
as a crash dummy blown up and the scary
part is they then send you back quote
the remains the ashes we tested them we
can't tell if they're actually human
ashes or not because of the nature of
the cremation process the way it's
burned up but we do know that the ashes
that the people have gotten back are not
the ashes of their loved ones and yet
that representation has been made and
when the FBI raided I mean there were
body parts in bags in freezers it was
one of the most horrible things that CFD
agents like what what preceded the
be irate is that I mean is that how you
got into this case yes okay so give us
just some background as to like well the
Attorney General for the state of
Arizona felt they were violating the
anatomical gift act which says in order
to become a donation center you have to
use an act in good faith they originally
went in for a financial gain as you know
if there's criminal activity you can
then seize money and property and the
Attorney General of the state of Arizona
attempted to do that when they got in
there they saw things they never thought
they'd ever see absolute a horrible mass
of bodies and body parts everywhere
stored bags priceless sales documents of
going to other places but they didn't
know what to do with it they called the
FBI and the FBI came in and raided it
one of the mistakes one of the horrible
mistakes that was made was they put the
bodies in the heat to try to unfreeze
him so they could try to do it it became
asthma problem and then the FBI got
involved and we have FBI statements
which shows the collusion between the
parties and and what's going on here and
so you're here and I can give you a few
more examples but the danger here is
that when you think you're doing
something for the good of society for
the you know have your loved ones or
your body donated for science
unfortunately in this particular case
and in other cases that we're aware of
those those body parts are being sold
piecemeal for price for a head price for
a shoulder so so are are these entities
under criminal um they must be they I
mean because it seems to me there's
there's a couple issues here right I
mean it's fraud is the might be the big
one there there are some of the
individuals one individual was indicted
pled guilty and quite frankly he was
given a very very easy sentence serving
only in probation where the judge and
obviously our clients and others are
really upset with that the desecration
of a body is is in the Miss handling in
almost every states is a is a criminal
offense the FBI
tied this into a ring that goes
throughout Illinois in Michigan based on
their affidavits which we rely on and
there's criminal prosecutions going on
both in Michigan and in Illinois as well
as the the one that occurred in Arizona
and you're representing obviously the
families of the deceased who thought
they were either the families thought
they were donating or the deceased
thought they were donating their bodies
their organs to science as opposed to
being used for what what do I mean well
they usually give me example so first of
all let me ask you this doesn't the DoD
if they're gonna get I mean like I don't
know what's going on in Asia what what
why I know some of that but okay I want
you to what let's start with that will
work Asia black-market some of it is I
mean given for example male genitals
they have bags on they sell buy the bags
and they do it forever in some of the
countries they put them into wine and
caught aphrodisiacs
they sell heads back there and in other
body parts which is really you know
really pretty disgusting with regard to
the DoD there the DoD requires a
specific release that specifically says
that these bodies are going to be used
for example they use them to blow them
up they use them for you know basically
maneuvers army maneuvers they also use
them with regard to dogs that are
searching for bodies they use the parts
and bury them and have the dogs try to
find them
but the DoD requires a specific release
that says specifically that you're ok
with these body parts being used for
that purpose and they don't have those
release just what happens is they use
the strawman in between who makes this
representation of the DoD that they have
the release that that's strawman that
independent allegedly independent we
think their alter egos and there is
collusion and joint ownership in the
companies but they're trying to get
around the law by saying one
organization or one entity beasts for
taking the body then they transfer it to
this third party who then tells the DoD
yes there is no limitation on the
release that they have and then they
send it to the DoD and they're making
millions and millions of dollars when
the FBI raided look for the cash
there was a representation in court that
the body parts themselves had a value of
7.9 million dollars that were being
frozen and stored so is there any DoD
failure to comply here or were they just
handed fraudulent waivers I guess well
at this point in time we believe it's
fraudulent waivers but we're looking at
and continue to look at three aspects of
the case and again I want to make sure
we don't have the evidence yet one is
there any complicit nature of what the
DoD is doing number two is they're
either as a kickback is there any
kickback schemes with the hospices or
hospitals or other ways in which they're
getting the bodies I mean these are body
you know talk about grave diggers they
don't even have to work and hard to dig
up the grave they're getting them
through fraud and and the last one is
part of the fraud is to tell these
people and then they do they send
letters though your person's brain or
heart was sent for science which we know
is not true because we've been able to
get some of the records a lot of the
records they're destroying or hiding we
have a great judge they told us they had
no
we found ultimately later they have six
disks of all documents and emails uh we
have thousands of emails that have been
in our opinion erased and so it's a
fight but but the emotional damage
knowing that your loved ones did not go
through the proper procedures or process
or that the the remains that you have in
an urn on your in your house or wherever
you may keep them is not the person that
you you that they used to be and so how
widespread do you think this is we
believe and there's a book written and
there's been articles written by the New
York Times that it's a national problem
the sale of body parts is a is a
billion-dollar business and that it's
going on everywhere in New York for
example they allow someone to become a
medal to medical director for these
these facilities and again I want to
make sure everybody understand there are
legitimate organizations and facilities
that actually do send your body of your
loved ones to legitimate medical
purposes and so what you need to do
before you allow them is to check who
they are find out where they've been
what they're what they use and make sure
that there's no transfer so when I party
when I become an organ donor
am i informed like what entity will be
but I guess I've always just presumed
it's oh the hospital will take care of
that but that's not what happened well
sometimes it is sometimes the hospital
will look and see if you're an or organ
donor and they need a transplant of a
kidney or a liver locally locally
absolutely but if but but that this is
different what they'll do is they'll
come in and get access to the hospice or
the hospital and come in and say we can
save you this is the hook and be worried
about it we can save you the funeral
expenses
we're gonna save you money and we're
going to make sure that the body is is
dealt with in a way that that that is
honoring your wishes to make sure that
the body will be donated for science and
then the people the next of kin they
sign the release and then what I've been
explaining happens to the bodies
is there a national database of how many
people are organ donors versus how many
legit scientific institutions or medical
nothing I'm aware of because that would
obviously give you a pretty clear sense
of how many of these bodies that are
being donated actually may go to where
they're meant to be right but but it's
even but it's even worse than that
because each they're required to have a
medical director bless you excuse me
they're required to have a medical
director New York cells medical director
licenses to anybody you don't have to
take a test to become a medical director
for any of these places so in our case
they've got medical directors who have
no medical backgrounds and they won't go
to New York and they get a license so
they say oh we license medical directors
with regard to these organizations no
basis just taking the money in and
that's something in fact there was a New
York Times article written about that
that that needs to stop right it's a the
case we're in the middle of it it's a
war we have a great judge and who are
you representing all as a class or is it
individuals unfortunately we could
there's hundreds of people that would
want to be represented but if we don't
have the documents we can't represent
them it could not be a clap because the
representations that are made to each
individual is not the same so we
wouldn't pass the test in order for a
class action that everyone is similarly
situated so it's right now we have I
think 35 individual clients from both
Illinois and Arizona
we have I believe we may have one client
from Michigan
we know those states are involved based
on the FBI investigation but we also
know when talking in the FBI this is
really an underworld thing that's going
on throughout the country and I think
the public should be made aware of it
and that's one of the reasons I'm here
talking to you today
all right well Mike I really appreciate
your your coming here and telling us
about it it's gruesome stuff and I guess
the the is there I mean so if if I am
interested in in donating an organ how
do I ensure that I'm not caught up and
I'm still not cleared like do I you're
not and in fact we had one case which is
not really related here where they want
to take someone off a respirator to go
in and get their their organs and the
family wouldn't agree to it and the
person recovered 100% and had they
agreed at the time and I won't tell you
the name of the hospital and I won't
tell you the facts and circumstances but
whether that was a legitimate or whether
it wasn't you have to be very careful in
today's this idea of being able to once
you hear they're going to save you the
funeral expenses once you hear that kind
of a con which is what I and they then
you have to be really cautious this is a
classic case of it sounds too good to be
true correct it probably is
Mike Berg thanks so much I really
appreciate it always great to be here
thank you
all right folks so guys in the studio
let's run uh the Burton LeBlanc piece
this is a this is another interview I
did I pre-recorded it yesterday on on
the opioid epidemic in this country
and it just gets a little bit more
granular into how we got to this point
we interviewed yesterday
Peter mujhey on this topic and LeBlanc
is handling a slightly different part of
the case some of the terrain was
there but we're dealing with tens of
thousands of deaths a year now from
opioid addiction the president the
United States has tried to make this an
issue of Mexican immigrants and the
reality is this is a fairly explicit
problem with capitalism you know the the
lawyers here I don't get I tend not to
get into conversations with them about
our our system and then certainly there
are people here who are motivated by
money but also obviously people here who
are a lot of people here who are
motivated by an intense sort of
righteousness and desire for justice but
these guys see the one of the primary
problems with capitalism on a daily
basis which is how the greed of these
corporations and then the individuals
inside them lead to making things that
they know will cost or shatter lives on
a daily basis so let's play this and
this is uh from from yesterday
Burton LeBlanc continuing our coverage
at mass torts 2017 in Las Vegas Nevada I
am sitting now with Burton Leblanc
he is a an attorney from Louisiana who
is heavily involved in the the cases
that are forming around this opioid
crisis Burton we spoke for ring of fire
radio and I think a lot of of what we
discussed folks are familiar with how
this crisis developed you've explained
to me that it was a function both of the
manufacturer
and the wholesale distributors just for
a moment just I want to just cover some
of that terrain a little bit but then go
a little further you explain that the
controlled substance act requires the
wholesalers that is the choke point that
is where the red flags are raised to say
hey there's a problem here and so just
explain that dynamics so you've got
these three major wholesalers in the
country that take the drug from a Purdue
they have come up with a new innovation
in pain management which is low dose of
opioids which are based upon really no
clinical research suppose it less
addictive they provide this for the
distributors the distributors again are
the choke point what are their
obligations to report and and then let's
just go from there because this gets
into this big story in The Washington
Post this past week I guess it was last
week involving how the DEA was inhibited
and then sort of statutorily prohibited
from doing their job but just walk us
through that just back up a little bit
