[Music]
on the phone it's a pleasure to welcome
to the program writer editor journalist
and author of the marginalized majority
claiming our power in a post truth
America in Asia Roy Chowdhury
anisha welcome to the program thanks so
much man
all right so let's I mean let's start
with the I guess the most obvious
question is who are we talking about
when we talk about the marginalized
majority yeah I mean I think we're
talking about just historically
marginalized populations in America so
that generally breaks down along the
lines of like anyone who is not white
heteronormative man and the the the
there being a majority is not is nothing
new right I mean this is a dynamic I
think that has been probably since day
one of more or less in terms of
population right sure yeah exactly and I
think I think the issue is just that
there has been historically an ongoing
focus politically on reaching out to two
white male voters generally or the
issues that they're more concerned with
and so there's just this real business
between who politicians and pollsters
tend to be targeting and who the growing
majority of Americans are okay and and
and part of that I mean well I mean it
occurs to me as you say that like what
you know what what do you think constant
what why do you think that is I mean I
mean I guess for a long time right and
you know over the course of our two
hundred some-odd year history
I guess much more now but I'm still
thinking about the the Freedom Train but
over that over that time white males
have been really you know they've had
the vote the longest I guess I mean at
some level is there is there a certain
amount of just sort of muscle memory
here in terms of the way yeah I mean
just speak to that yeah yeah that's I
think that's a great
interesting way to put it and I think
it's largely true I mean we're just
talking about really entrenched issues
of racism and misogyny and I think we're
starting to now that these topics are
being more discussed we're starting to
learn new ways of being able to engage
with these issues because you know
there's a lot of defensiveness around
them but the fact is it's so these kinds
of forces are so baked in to who we are
as a people in a country that you know
there's no one who doesn't have biases
so I think we need to like you said
recognize that there's just a lot of
muscle memory here there's a lot of just
erring on the side of thinking of
Americans as this uniform population and
largely when we do that what we're
thinking about is the sort of white
heteronormative Sensibility
how do you define identity politics hmm
that is a great question and I think
there are so many ways to define it I
think the way that I've been trying to
engage with it is pushing back against
this the a certain definition of it that
I think is is is most dominant right now
which is this sense of a sort of
precious specialized need group I think
it's generally how it's used and you
know someone like Mark Lilla really
propagates this this understanding of
the term and the understanding of that
is the way that's made manifest is is
talking about identity as though it's
something that gets in the way of unity
let's kind of conceit that identity of
something that we can take off like a
sweater in a to warm room put it to the
side so that we can all agree on larger
quote-unquote more important issues and
I the reason I'm pushing back against
that is because when you look at history
when you look at some of the most
successful movements of our time they
have hinged on identity from civil
rights movement to women's rights
movements we're talking about really
profound changes that affected and
benefited all Americans and these all
again came down to identity in a lot of
respects
all right I mean so but so how do you
though I mean so you you you reject a
guy like mark Lilla and just for the
sake of the audience that doesn't really
know him I mean is he's I think he self
describes as a liberal he's a professor
and an author but but and and we have a
similar complaint from I guess nominally
the right on some level manok people are
in different places on the spectrum but
the you know the jordan Peterson's and
the the classical liberals of Dave Rubin
and then you know through to Sean
Hannity I guess but we also have one
from left of of guys like Mark Lilly
right I mean and so do you do you do you
have a I guess a a more affirmative
definition of identity politics yes
absolutely and I'm glad you pointed that
out the fact that this is kind of a a a
term and understanding that is resisted
from all areas of the political spectrum
I feel like a lot of when I when I wrote
this book it came out of conversations
with a lot of allies and colleagues of
mine who identify as left and
progressive it is true that I tend to
when I get into these conversations
around identity politics and there's
resistance with those on the left it is
usually white men so even though they
might fall further to the left in the
spectrum for me my understanding of
identity politics is that our our
identities as Americans and and who we
are and how we're acculturated in this
society is inherently political so if
you are a black man and you grew up in
this country you exist in a certain
America that is that is separate in a
lot of respects from other Americans
which is you can expect to live a
shorter life span even though you make
up a small percentage of the population
you're more inclined to be
subject to police violence so the fact
is when we talk about identity it is
inherently political we're talking about
the way you look to people dramatically
changing your experience of the country
in terms of resources afforded to you
you know again just like lifespan basic
things like that so I think when I talk
about identity politics I'm talking
about how simply the fact of your
identity is an inherently political
thing and it's an inherently powerful
thing that if we if we recognize the
impact of identity then we can you know
if if we're thinking about the people
who are most inclined to be not not
experiencing the full promise promises
of America of like egalitarianism and
opportunities for success if we are
looking at those issues and addressing
them then we're talking about making the
country better for every single American
so all right so you know I like a Lilla
has a problem with identity politics
because it creates divisive 'no switch
is I mean it's a silly critique in my
estimation right I mean because when
we're talking about identity politics
that have created the most divisive
nasai denta t politics that have grown
like yeah like almost self-evidently
created this right it was white people
who set up and institutionalized the
various disparities based upon identity
on the right it seems to me that the
complaint is that you
by emphasizing these identities and
acknowledging that why people set up
these disparities you are in infringing
upon white rights in some fashion or
white privilege but on the left the the
argument is that identity politics
should not
subsume or crowd out some notion of of
class in its analysis and to be fair I
don't have the data in front of me but I
suspect that the disparity between black
and white longevity is actually is less
than the disparity of upper income
african-americans to those living in the
bottom half of the distribution
although I'm not sure but but I'm sure
I'm but I know that those two numbers
are different in other words and maybe
maybe one isn't bigger than the other
but there is there is there you know the
lifespan is a function of of income as
well as as as as race race may have more
more to do it I just don't know those
numbers but certainly there's an element
of class right where does that fit in to
this to the relationship between
identity in class mm-hmm yeah I mean
class is a hugely important thing and I
think one of one of the you know one of
the basic truths here is still that base
if you are a minority if you are black
or brown then you're you you are you
have a lower median income level in the
country
you know and again a basic truth is that
as a woman you working the same job as a
as a man you are paid a lower hourly
rate so I mean the fact is we're still
at such as basic inequalities here that
are still true that yes I welcome a
nuanced you know class analysis when
we're talking about who we're trying to
connect to politically but we're we're
really just really just still struggling
with some really basic issues when it
comes to minorities talk about a use
your relationship with your your your
uncle bill as a metaphor of sorts
just tell us that story cuz its IIIi
just found it like unbelievable in a way
but I mean I I mean obviously I believe
it but I'm just saying that was I think
there was sort of intense in a way that
it didn't seem like it did please
discuss yeah well I think what's
interesting too is is you say that and I
think as I got older I started to think
of it as something that became
increasingly like oh wait a second
that's a little strange but at the time
it was just normal and I think it's a so
let me just tell a story before I say
what it means so when I was growing up
as a small child you know my father is
Indian he came from India it is early
20s my mother's a white American her
side of the family has been here for a
few generations now so growing up when I
would visit my my mom's side of the
family
there was an uncle by marriage and he
did not believe in what he called mixed
marriage and so what that actually
looked like is that if we were ever in
the same room or at a dinner table he he
would not speak to me he would just
never look at me or address me and so
this made for some awkward dinners but I
just acclimated to it so I learned to
not engage with him either I learned
that he was just essentially a not
someone who I would interact with ever
and again this just did not strike me as
especially abnormal until I got older
and as as startling as it might seem to
some I think probably most many or most
Americans can relate to this I feel like
most Americans have a family member or
friend or someone where there's some
element of racism or misogyny in effect
because the fact is again it's so baked
in to to who we are to this culture but
I I mean I I mean I I just wonder in in
retro I mean were you conscious at the
time that he wasn't interacting with you
because of that
or was that something that you just like
oh he's a weird guy no I was conscious
of it I mean I I had had a conversation
with with my mom and so I knew that
phrase like he doesn't believe in mixed
marriage was was something I knew pretty
early on that that's something that I
think a I don't know if most but I think
there's a huge percentage of Americans
who don't have any sense of what that's
like and it's one thing to have a racist
uncle it's another to have your
experience structured because of it
right like so you know and I've people
in my extended family who I I would say
were racist but that never in any way
implicated my life until you know maybe
when I was older and I'm like I don't
want to introduce certain friends to him
this guy you know but it's not
necessarily make me reassess who I was
and I think that that's why I chose to
tell this story in the book is that for
those those Americans I think it's we're
probably talking about mostly white
Americans who who may not have a sense
of how these kinds of experiences are
ones that we are exposed to right out of
the gate in this country and then have
to metabolize which means navigating
around them at a stage from from such an
early point that we're talking about
you're basically reacting as you're
forming your sense of self so I hope
that I hope that in telling some of
these more personal anecdotes it allows
it like you like you say it it sort of
makes visible something that I think so
many Americans are raised with well let
me ask you about this the the the
subtitle of the book and I you know I
understand obviously the you know
there's the
sometimes these are a function of your
publishers and your editors but I'm just
curious like why and but but you write
about journalism and you write about
politics but also you look at comedy too
in terms of yeah of perceiving I guess
this struggle and why why why the part
about post truth America is a and and
and how does that work in with these
various I guess means of a social
critique okay yeah so post truth America
I felt like was an important phrase to
include here because in a lot of ways I
feel like we are seeing journalists and
for that before that matter political
comedy shows trying to keep up with what
is happening so you know Stephen Colbert
when he first got it start and you know
he delivered the speech for the White
House press correspond dinner as this as
this bloviating right-wing character
then when he started his show we saw
this character in effect and the fact is
that he began in interviews he started
to talk about his concern because the
whole premise of the show was you know
I'm going to say these totally absurd
things but you're talking about coal
you're talking about the Colbert Report
exactly the comic The Colbert Report
he's saying these these things that he
you know that seem utterly absurd but
the fact was that it was becoming a
mirror image of what was going on
politically so where is the fat tire in
that and I think when we're talking
about journalism to this notion of a
post truth America I think right now
we're seeing a lot of journalists
struggling with how do we respond to
extremists who who are in the White
House how do we when we have extremists
at the highest level of power how do we
then frame the conversation and there's
a lot of emphasis on objectivity and
balance and the problem is that these
terms are very mushy and and what that
looks like is even in newsrooms a lot of
times while ever
seems to accept objectivity as something
we should all aspire aspire to the term
objectivity is never necessarily defined
clearly and when you have these mushy
concepts in effect what happens is you
end up just responding to whatever the
tone of the day is so my sort of
question is okay you you want to have
balance you want to be neutral but what
are you balanced between and and and I
think what's happening is if we are what
will happen what is happening is that if
you have extremists and power there they
are setting in a large respect they are
setting the the goalpost of the
conversation so if we are then using
that as one end of the you know the
spectrum of what seems reasonable or
balanced then we're going to be really
far to the right so I I just feel like
we need to really examine these concepts
of objectivity and neutrality that we're
aspiring aspiring to without really
without we need to we need to look at
what they're tethered to because
obviously what is what is objective what
is reasonable ships throughout history
and if we're just using our current
political moment as the thing to respond
to it's just not that's not a solid
that's on a solid marker to tether
ourselves to so I mean this is a
critique of the the so-called
objectivity and the he said/she said
that that certainly I think you know
predates the Trump administration is it
though that it's now we're dealing with
like almost this problem but it becomes
just a lot more naked because you know
on one hand you you know you have
reporters who have to report on the
president who is out there saying stuff
like you know answering a question about
hard brexit let's just say and talking
about how he's got a great golf course
and it's just so insane that it's almost
impossible to sort of to actually report
on this stuff I mean it's it's it's like
I don't know it's like doing
play-by-play of a monkey playing chess
you know
just they've through the pieces again it
doesn't it doesn't matter I mean so I
mean why but why does that critique of
of how does that relate to this moment
we're in where there is a maybe I guess
an a I don't wanna say resurgence but a
an insurgence of marginalized power
mm-hmm
yeah I think I think you pointed out
something important which is that
exactly that that when you're looking at
the the he-said she-said model what
you're getting is you're not getting
much in the way of analysis right you're
just getting quotes on quote-unquote
either side and what that erases is the
the notion and reality of there being
many more sides than just to and also
you cannot just quote people without
context right and I think that there is
a heavier lift now like our
responsibilities as journalists changes
when we have you know if we're if we're
say interviewing a white supremacist
because it just so happens that someone
who holds a political office has some
affiliation or connection to white
supremacy we have to then figure out how
to put that into context it is
irresponsible to simply put a put a
quote in there and make some loose
connection I think the shift needs to be
towards who who is most going to be
impacted by this person in power we need
to look at the the impacts of these kind
of people and policies and I think
that's that's our responsibility at
jerilyn all right and so I mean is this
and so when you when you when you talk
about claiming our power right I mean
the our here is the the marginalized
majority and its allies right and that
that's certainly not the media I think
at least like broadly speaking right I
mean it's just it's just not so right
well I mean what is the
well what is the mechanism for folks to
claim their power when they don't
necessarily have control of the media
where or in terms of like sake comedy is
you touch on this and these these sort
of comedic institutions seem as
politically active and aware as I've
ever seen it in my lifetime I mean I
think maybe in the 60s you certainly had
like in the late set and the early 70s
you had some you had a certain political
awareness but it was not it was not
necessarily around the amantha you know
emancipatory you know I guess
revolutions that were about to take
place right I mean The Smothers Brothers
could get kicked off TV by by Nixon but
it wasn't it wasn't necessarily because
they were you know expanding the the
opportunities for marginalized folks I
mean maybe they were a little bit but it
went but that was not the main reason
why so what's the connection there I
mean what where how do you how how do
you at one time say to the powerful like
you've got to give up your power and say
to those who are marginalized be aware
of your power I mean where is that
where's the lever there mm-hmm well I
think I think part of how we claim our
power is by recognizing that we are the
majority which is a really just basic
