[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
whoa
[Applause]
[Music]
look at the China tomorrow
I'm not praise today you never go reach
mozi
I don't know until I see I'll go get me
in China tomorrow
[Music]
the ADI people when I see the Emperor
they line up to the he pick up Karrueche
one is returned
[Music]
er the people when OCD Emperor he lyin
onto the he is because I yo she one is
return
with pontas iron we go behind
I can't move slow no that's the part I'm
losing raising we're going with the
green grass grow won't desire me go I
can't move slomo repatriation is a man
and we going with them please
[Music]
[Music]
in the hands of the people than in the
conference rooms of any of Asia they are
unanimous we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex dama chard a
report with sam cedar
[Music]
it is Wednesday October 18th 2017 my
name is Michael Brooks on a members-only
majority report we're broadcasting live
steps from the Industrial Average
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on today's
program us we break down the news
Trump continuing to contradict himself
on the cost-sharing reductions and his
assault on Obamacare new internal White
House documents some interesting
theories on manufacturing declines
abortion and fertility white house
seeking to expand jails to detain
immigrants as the war on undocumented
people continues and accelerates in this
time the Trump 2020 campaign which of
course was already announced right at
the beginning the administration it's
raising a lot of money from small donors
and it's spending most of it on legal
fees I guess when it's not his inherited
money but fundraise money he'll actually
pay people and some people the best
people given at Oriel race getting tight
in Virginia and America's richest are
richer than ever
Newt Gingrich has thoughts on bannon's
war shares them with Sean Hannity and
wait a second was Donald Trump
insensitive to the mother of a dead
soldier and make Dawn's call no way
shocking
and then did he after being insensitive
to her and getting called out by a
congresswoman lie about being
insensitive on Twitter it's looking like
that happens made it all better
made it all better all that and so much
more on today's majority report also the
phone lines are open now this is a it's
a Members Only show we're inside the
club or inside the sphere of trust
the IMS are on the calls are on we'll
get to everything but first Steve Doocy
procreated I didn't know that Brendan
knew that because Brendan is a scholar
and a practitioner of the cable news
medium yeah Peter Doocy was on the
campaign this past year Peter Doocy
Steve's son I I don't even know I
thought that like Steve was in some type
of like sort of we Steve is like the
kind of guy that like he doesn't look
young but he doesn't look like he looks
like he just was like born into like he
was created by like some type of evil
toymaker and then he did a children's
show or something for a minute and then
he went to Fox and he just stays there
in an ageless state saying stupid
bigoted things and reading the memos
from the boss like that's what ducey
seems like but apparently miraculously
as a kid his kid apparently is not
punching above his pops wait and
recently he ran into Senator John McCain
and I do want to give McCain you know
some people are very upset that I never
give John McCain credit I just want to
be clear
I wish John McKay I genuinely in his
health struggle that's horrible
I wish him the absolute best credit
where credit's do we help kill those
health care atrocities and that's
literally about all the credit I'm gonna
give John McCain besides this he kind of
owned Peter Doocy but as we'll see this
whole stupid kids and journalism thing
might be a little bit more complicated
for John McCain and he would like you to
think
anything that he comes to you how would
you say something that's stupid
why would you ask something that done
hmm huh my job is the United States
Senator is a senator from Arizona which
I was just re-elected to you mean that I
am somehow going to behave in a way that
I got everything because of some
personal disagreement that's a dumb
question boom it actually was not a dumb
question if you have any understanding
of John McCain's career it's pretty
smart a lot of his career seems to be
driven through a devotion to militarism
and at various points score settling and
I got to be honest with you I mean the
beginning of the Bush administration
John McCain voted against tax cuts
regressive tax cuts he later vote for
massively regressive tax cuts later on
he was co-sponsoring bills now in
campaign finance reform but also global
warming and was very close to being
poached by the Democratic Party and a
lot of that had to do with the fact that
George Bush ran a really really
disgusting campaign against him
particularly in South Carolina look it
up I only wish that Donald Trump's
disrespect had made John McCain a fifth
as vindictive as he was to Bush um but
anyways being that as it may can I just
want to make a statement on Peter Doocy
you know with there's a few basketball
players who you know probably benefited
from their fathers being in the
profession you know like Steph Curry's
dad Dell curry was a great three-point
shooter in the 90s Klay Thompson's dad
was also a best player and I think Peter
Doocy has sort of benefited from his dad
being a super dumb journalist to take it
really to the next level of being a
super dumb journalist so I'm glad it's
nice to see that a young talent sort of
come up and to know that we're gonna be
set for years to come we will always
have clips and our kids who host these
types of shows will have clips of the
morons that they have if the world
doesn't blow up send us here I am with
other offspring
shitty media commentators well here's
what we want to get to one we're gonna
continue on this on this dumb offspring
of influential people that were handed
media gigs so John McCain in some ways
has a lot of nerve calling Peter Doocy
stupid because it's a legitimate
question because John McCain has been
very driven by his own sense of personal
grievance and branding and also John
McCain unleashed on us megan mccain who
at least since 2000 i think 2008 maybe
an earlier has been on TV as she and
she's at the view now right i mean she's
done really well
her nepotism that continues to pay off
and she not only has been asking stupid
questions she's been making stupid
points and giving stupid analysis and
having just just sort of to
full-spectrum stupidity and i was
reminded of this moment this is from
real time okay with a mile champ with
bill maher now this is in 2009 megan
mccain is on and i got look paul begala
has the zinger in this okay sometimes we
got to build an i I don't have permanent
enemies or permanent friends only
permanent interests and this is some of
the best ownage that megan mccain who
was one of the biggest waste of space in
media has ever got they are talking
about whether obama blamed bush too much
at this point and take it from there
really has to stop completely blaming
everything on its predecessor completely
and i really am sick of hearing oh well
we were hand to this we're hand of this
i know everyone knows but we need to
move on same think the theme with me we
need to move on we think that's what
Obama's doing you think he's doing i do
to a degree not to not to enough of a
degree I'm sorry right not nearly enough
Ronald Reagan
[Music]
in your speech what President Bush said
one of things he's had to it I wasn't
born yet so I don't know well that's I
was a born during the French Revolution
by nomads yeah
[Applause]
know everything so that's not which did
leave a heck of a mess all right
whatever
so yeah John be a little bit more
patient with Peter okay your daughter's
still speaking on television to glass
trust fund baby shouldn't HUD throw a
glass at of their trust fund baby
nepotism cases who were stupid Megan
McCain might be the most high-profile
actually I think she is actually I mean
there's been a lot I think
Mika Brzezinski might be the highest
profile yeah but Mika Brzezinski is not
as dumb as Megan McCain I'm sorry it's
like pound for pound like so dumbness
and nepotism dumbness and like okay so
Chelsea was really bad because she's not
good on television right so when an it
was ridiculous that she got hired for
her I think it was on NBC she had this
insane overpaid gig to basically do
nothing and she has no TV presence and
she would never have even been not only
like not gotten it she wouldn't even
there's no universe where she averred
ever been considered for it if she
wasn't a Clinton so it's pure nepotism
but she's pretty smart so there's I
would say there's like three grits
there's like nepotism grid how are you
actually at it and it's connected to but
not the same as how smart you are
yeah can I throw one more in the ring
mail please Jenna Bush dude yes when was
she on she's on The Today Show
still on The Today Show and they just
like let her do whatever she wants it's
like it's like you know we have really
Chelsea had the good sense to be like
you know maybe I should get out in the
campaign trail and say some nonsense
about health care and weed and then you
know versus doing that I didn't remember
that Jenna Bush was on and then there's
I mean obviously I don't know where he
went but obviously uh you know Luke
Russert son was like the kind of like
premier example of just
and also just but that I think that also
I mean it was pure nepotism and but on
the other hand it wasn't like he was
that different from his dad they
Bulger's parodied you know they both
just repeated talking points essentially
I know everybody Tim Russert had this
great reputation being the you know
great bulldog but all he did was like
catch people and obvious contradictions
it's not really if you have like a big
research staff it's not really that
complicated to like find you know I
don't know some you know just some
random senator contradicting
themselves on something or lying right
that's that's relatively easy stuff and
then he was pretty much the preferred
format for Dick Cheney to drop by and
basically just like liason to the
invasion of Iraq but apparently besides
that he was a great bulldog journalist
but uh but I think what Luke Russert son
there was like some kind of we I'm not
there must have been like a certain
audience desire to cause it was just so
weird that you had like basically liked
it because at least in those other cases
like Megan McCain started out and her
whole brand was and it was a popular
brand several years ago of like hey like
I don't want to I don't I don't want my
estate taxes to be hurt but you know
like gay guys are cool and that was like
oh my god this is innovative Republican
thinking and then you know like I guess
these other people were talking about
got like kind of like lifestyle
assignments but but Tim Russert son they
just were like you know what dude like
you're in your 20s you don't know
you're covering Congress Chris Wallace
is also a nepotism case Chris Wallace is
definitely a nepotism case but I guess
he's been I don't know he's kind of like
a weird he's kind of nothing he's a
nothing burger and I think Mike Wallace
might also have an exaggerated
reputation be honest so we are in the an
era of such structural and fundamental
inequality that several years ago we had
um I think right around the time I was
starting on the show we had an author
named Laura out profits on who was
chronicling the co-op movement and
looking at seeds of a Social Democratic
decentralized economy and a very
interesting guy a very thoughtful book
and very optimistic one given the really
really really bad situation we're in but
he was making the point and he actually
said this does he said you know I've
been going around saying that we have
inequality that has only matched by the
medieval era and recently I was giving a
talk and a university and a professor
raised their hand and said you know I
teach medieval history and I have to
correct you it's much worse now than it
was in the medieval era we live in neo
authoritarian Neil neoliberal late-stage
capitalist where there's less of the pie
to slice up and fewer and fewer people
are getting more of it and it's in this
also in this tech stuff which does
generate a lot of social change and in
some ways obviously improves our lives
but is definitely not generating any
type of Bentall class or bottom-up
economic activity and people were
telling you that as it's almost entirely
some type of motivational thinking scam
so a merit forbes has released its list
of the 400 richest americans the minimum
net worth minimum net worth hit a
record-high of two billion up from 1.7
billion in 2015 and 2006 a hundred and
sixty nine billionaires who did not make
the cut 169 billion euros anomic cut
average net worth of the Forbes 400
members hit 6.7 million also a record
high up from six billion last year the
biggest game what do you guys think the
biggest gainer in dollars terms from
last year is guesses you wanna take a
shot well if you know you can either do
a pretend guess or make yourself look
good buddy man is it a guy who just kind
of like lets's around America hanging
out with regular folk to convince us how
regular he is if you mean he does that
over weird you know me Oh second city
hang outs on his stupid website you
would be right Mark Zuckerberg has had
the biggest gain in real dollar terms
now this is where the notable loser was
whose fortune fell from 600 million wait
his fortune fell from 600 million to 3.1
billion I don't understand that went
from 3.1 billion to 600 million a tough
New York's real estate market
particularly for real retail locations a
costly lawsuit in an expensive
presidential campaign all to client
contributed to declining fortune I mean
I I don't believe those Trump numbers to
begin with so I I just don't
i-i've always thought Trump's financials
were like a vision board help with
connectivity that guy is sucking up to
help with connectivity exactly we have
created a society where he is worth
billions and billions and billions and
billions of dollars and people cannot
get any type of upward mobility and we
don't have universal healthcare and we
can't repair our infrastructure and we
can't invest in science the environment
arts innovation in education to help
with connectivity help with connectivity
I'm the top 10 are Bill Gates at 89
billion dollars Jeff Bezos at 80 1.5
billion
Warren Buffett at 78 billion Mark
Zuckerberg at 71 billion Larry Ellison
at 59 billion Charles Koch at 48 point
five billion David Koch at forty eight
point five they're tied obviously
Michael Bloomberg at forty six point
eight million billion Larry Page at
forty four point six and Sergey Brin at
forty three point four woo must be a lot
of productivity it's helped with
connectivity between the joy of the
Google guys there must be a lot of
attention there you know I totally
believe in wealth caps I just I just the
notion that any private individual
should hold these types of assets and
did you think that that was compatible
with a democratic system is insane yeah
I typically I generally agree I think
maybe like a 99 percent where you give
some incentive to continue working but
that's so you're like patriotic dividend
or something like that yeah this money
needs to go yeah
I don't care look look people and people
make the point like okay first of all I
have I have a critique and concerns
about how Bill Gates spends his money
but I'll accept the premise that Bill
Gates seems to have a more benign wish
for his you know his largest and
obviously the Koch brothers who are
using their wealth to truly sink and
destroy 99% of the population but like
the personal whims of flawed individual
human beings should not be the basis
upon which anywhere near that type of
assets go in an unaccountable and
democratic fashion it's insane and it's
fundamentally antithetical to democracy
in reality you're calling from a 503
area code who are you where you're
calling from hey is that me that's you
hey Michael it's Ashton in Portland
today on Twitter oh hey man how you
doing I'm doing well I was calling I've
mentioned the gig economy before I know
catch my breath too cool to actually
talk to you oh it's great to talk to you
man
my son article in The Guardian about the
headline is even sometimes you don't
feel human how the gig economy chews up
and spits out Millennials and I just
feel like we need a different
conversation that this is basically just
a modern way to get around labor laws
yep
no doubt that's exactly what it is and
and actually I'll just draw an analogy
to Germany some of the economic
frustration in Germany is they have
these wage contract laws which were put
in place by you know these quote unquote
reform these neoliberal packages pushed
through by the Schroder government in
the late 90s and there's different
versions of this in the UK and all it
does is it yeah I mean look it gives
power to employers it hurts worker and
then it's the poppy already have enough
they already have way more than they
ever should I I was just fired from my
next job on Monday because the owner
felt like I didn't fit the aesthetic of
the weed shop so I have nothing I can do
about that I've no there's no
support system there the owner just gets
to say yeah I don't like it you're gone
that's so disgusting and the only
response to that see the and this is
what's so hard is that like I was just
you know doing some some like visiting
sort of like lecturing and teaching in
Georgia State and part of the
conversation with the journalism
students it was like you know it was
about like content what we do what we
don't do right and that's but then you
also get questions of like you know how
do you actually do this like you know if
