Mitch McConnell did you play that Mitch
McConnell thing on Friday where he said
he was gonna blow through this thinking
yeah we should do that we should play
that way all right just trying to figure
out where we start with this because
it's a there's a lot of information here
is Mitch McConnell he said this when
when did he say this okay so Mitch
McConnell says this on the 21st this is
on that that's Friday right okay and for
at least a couple of weeks maybe I guess
a week Republican a senior Republican
aides learned of the claims made by a
woman Debbie Ramirez so this was at the
least at the beginning of last week as
Republicans are desperately trying to
speed up the Cavanaugh nomination vote
Mitch McConnell must have known by
Friday
that this story in The New Yorker was
about to break and here he is at the
Christian health care ministries
conference speaking to them talking
about Brett Kavanaugh who's been accused
of some fairly non-christian behavior
you've watched the fight you've watched
the tactics but here's what I want to
tell you in the very near future
judge Cavanaugh will be on the United
States Supreme Court
so my friends keep the face don't get
rattled by all of this we're gonna plow
right through it and do our job that's
right
nice choice of words there yeah this
their struggle is gonna be for naught
we're just gonna do her right now
remember and shuttler ostensibly the
republicans want to get to the truth of
this matter which apparently was
preordained before mitch mcconnell got
up there Mitch McConnell also knew at
that moment that there was a second
accusation of sexual misconduct that was
about to break now there's multiple
theories here Mitch McConnell never
liked Brett Kavanaugh as a pic sort of
knew that there was a lot of problems
with Brett Kavanaugh I've said it before
it might have been just a massive
coincidence that there was all of these
female-oriented
commercials saying what a great guy
Brett Kavanaugh was and about how they
you know they made him a soccer dad or
coached an all-girls basketball team and
he could remember all of their names he
could remember all day they were all
distinct human individuals to them he's
a certain sense he's so obsessed with
teenage girls how could he possibly be a
creep indeed and he was great in a car
pool which is really helpful he's
actually like doing the traditional mom
roles right and so maybe it was a huge
coincidence maybe it was that they
wanted to show that he wouldn't repeal
roe v wade which seems a little bit
dubious to me like why didn't they roll
this stuff out with gore Singh why
didn't go why was there no Shirley Neil
Korsak has one female friend who could
get up there and say he's a really good
guy actually I think we've just exposed
the West hole in our argument right it's
possible he has none but surely they
could
found someone who could pretend for that
moment but they were really concerned
about this Mitch McConnell is also
concerned about the enormous amount of
documents that Cavanaugh was involved
with in the Bush administration so Mitch
McConnell never a fan of Cavanaugh's
knows that there's a whole host of folks
like Brett Cavanaugh just as reactionary
some instances may be worse some
instances may be better from the
perspective of normal people
nevertheless maybe maybe Mitch McConnell
who felt that his keeping Merrick
garland off the Supreme Court with an
open Supreme Court seat when Donald
Trump ran was the reason why Donald
Trump won we don't talk about that much
but there's a lot of data that suggests
those same people that Mitch McConnell
was talking to the Christian base came
out because there was an open seat on
the Supreme Court and we read the other
day that story about how Republican
voters don't see any stakes in this the
Democrats supposedly are afraid that an
open seat will generate more interest on
the Republican side supposedly the the
Republicans are afraid that's going to
demoralize their base so if I'm Mitch
McConnell and I know we're gonna cut
Brett Kavanaugh loose I'm gonna get up
there and I'm gonna make it sound like I
am putting a hundred and ten percent on
the field but what can you do the
feminazi is one I don't know that's just
a theory as to what's going on here I
don't I don't pretend to think that any
of these players think that they have
control over this process I think they
put stuff out there and they hope you
know that things go
according to a certain trajectory but
you never know certainly nobody knew
what Ed Whelan was up to and we will get
to that story in a moment well let's
let's go to Ed Whelan
so on that same Thursday afternoon I
think it was her Friday it must have
been Friday right
Edie Whelan who is a friend of
Cavanaugh's did you guys talk about this
on Friday I think we touched on it we
touched on it we headlines it at least
okay so Edie Whelan is a conservative
lawyer and commentator and do we have
that first tweet about Charlie Kirk
let's start with this this is all
interrelated folks no not from Charlie
Clerk but about him okay so yeah this
tweet this right right that one right
there okay so this comes up this guy
Jack Goldsmith who is a I think he's a
you know one of the guys who who may
have been formally in the DOJ and he's a
legal commentator and professor I
believe the conservative legal movement
he writes led by the Federal Society has
had extraordinary successes producing a
plus judicial candidates and fostering
conservative legal ideas its seriousness
and achievements contrasts sharply with
the rest of what passes for conservatism
in the US now I think that's a dubious
claim frankly but certainly in terms of
their efficacy all we've done is talk
about Federalist Society people in the
DOJ and everybody who's ever going to
get nominated for the Supreme Court on
the right is from the Federalist Society
and some other guy responds I don't know
who he is one reason for this is that
the law and particularly appellate
constitutional law does not allow space
for frauds
the judicial conservative movement isn't
open to penetration by grifters an idiot
populist because the barriers to entry
are too high no Charlie Kirk's here and
there's two ways that it's a problem one
here's Charlie Kirk weighing in on the
Cavanaugh defense a day later that
breaking Cavanaugh says he has calendars
from 1982 that exonerate him and show
his accusers story doesn't match up at
all now the Cavanaugh people have since
admitted well just because I didn't put
going to try and rape a woman tonight at
a party underage drinking party yeah
underage drinking party where hopefully
I will be able to cover a woman's mouth
while she tries to scream girl's mouth
while she tries to scream no stop
they said that doesn't prove anything
but it's just he does put stuff in his
calendar that his accuser story doesn't
match up at all
I am so impressed that he has 35 year
old high school calendars this is
definitely the type of guy we need on
the Supreme Court he knew he was gonna
need an alibi 35 years later I mean very
possibly I don't think it's improbable
that a kid like that would do that and
keep the calendars I mean if I had a
calendar that I was not if I that I kept
I may have one from college it's not
inconceivable I've got a box full of
like my colorings from second grade in
my closet at home boom there you go
that's evidence and enters any of them
goodbye does any of them depict you
trying to sexually assault any Deb a
woman no comment well because if they
didn't then you'd be in the clear so
getting back to the idea of the
conservative legal movement not
promoting grifters
or
or fraud here is a tweet by Ed Whelan he
like I say conservative lawyer and
commentator president of an ethics in
public policy Washington think tank the
ethics and Public Policy Center and this
guy ed Whelan went on and he was teasing
it for days
he was tweezing and tweeting it for days
but before he did this guy Matt Whitlock
who is the communications director for
senator Orrin Hatch deputy chief of
staff for Orrin Hatch had this to say
about Ed Whelan Ed Whelan had tweeted I
think it was on Thursday or Wednesday a
horrific incident similar to the one the
accused alleges may well have occurred
but if so she's got the wrong guy
Kavanagh wasn't present as this and much
more will confirm and Matt Whitlock the
guy who works for Grassley I mean Orrin
Hatch on this upon the Senate Judiciary
Committee says keep an eye on Ed's
tweets the next few days now why would
you say that unless you thought Edie was
going to present something blockbuster
the next few days and he did meanwhile
understand too that there was a story
The Washington Post Cavanaugh knows
allies have been privately discussing a
defense that would not question whether
the incident happened to Ford but
instead would raise doubts that the
attacker was Kavanaugh is according to a
person familiar with the discussions
Kathleen Parker comes out with a op-ed
piece earlier in the week maybe there
was someone who looked like Kavanagh and
she doesn't know who it is I mean we
started to see the
everywhere nobody took it seriously but
why would all of these people have this
same idea that maybe this 15 year old
didn't know now they supposedly don't
have any facts about it right so Ed
Whelan comes out with a huge tweet
thread that lays out the look of of the
house that lays out the look of the
house in Maryland that shows pictures of
a guy who lived in a house who had a
party who was in that circle of friends
and those pictures they looked almost
eerily similar to people who didn't know
either one of these guys they both look
like white waspy guys exactly and if you
look at their pictures today like they
look somewhat similar but and he was so
sure of this I mean he goes on and on he
said early on by one week today I expect
judge Cavanaugh will have been clearly
vindicated on this matter
compelling evidence will show his
categorical categorical denial to be
true senator Feinstein will be
apologizing to Judge Cavanaugh and do
you have the tweet thread so he puts out
this tweet thread which of course has
now been since deleted and not only
floats the idea that there is a
doppelganger out there but names him I'm
not gonna say the guy's name but names
him coincidentally this is one of the
guys who signed a character witness for
Brett Kavanaugh but this guy is now like
a middle school teacher somewhere who's
just been named as the attempted rapist
of dr. Blasi Ford back when she was a 15
year old and and people are stunned
because this guy's a lawyer and the
president of the ethics and Public
Policy Center one would think that he
would know better then to name a private
citizen as an attempted rapist these
people are idiots and then in the world
within moments we had dr. Ford dr. Blasi
Ford put out a statement I knew both of
these people pretty well and I could
definitely tell them apart I know
exactly who it was it was Brett
Kavanaugh and this other person I'm I
was friends with here's yeah here's one
of them in national Cavanaugh's my home
was 3.6 miles away Smith's 4.3 judge is
10 miles in the female classmates 7
miles like I mean this is this is like
this I think yes I mean it's just
bizarre
and then everyone around Whelan pretends
they had no idea what he was up to
they all say oh he kept us all in the
dark which means one of two things
eh they're lying which i think is
arguable we should probably have an
investigation into that because if judge
Kavanagh had any part in trying to
accuse a second person that would show a
little bit less than what we want out of
a judicial temperament
how does he chuck grassley there's some
other guy who looked like I mean most of
them right
can we just busted some other
got that distinctive looking can we just
get it out that way
I thought Cory Booker was my magical
Negro for Fox & Friends
of course she got right on the ball with
this one here it is here's Fox and
Friends and they may have broken the
case it's early in the morning so we got
to get this out there here it is this
fox and friends must have been on Friday
morning there was one other factor and
I'm sure being down in Washington
yesterday you saw the fact that fella by
the name of edy Whelan who had been one
of the clerk's for Antonin Scalia and a
supporter of Judge Cavanaugh he looked
at what Christine Ford told The
Washington Post and figured out okay now
posit for one second
there were actually apparently Whelan
was out asking friends of Blasi Ford
before the Washington for she came out
and outed herself so somehow he had some
foreknowledge of what was going on of
who she was but continued ed Whelan who
had been one of the clerk's for Antonin
Scalia and a supporter of judge
Cavanaugh he looked at what Christine
Ford told The Washington Post and
figured out okay these people were named
these four people where did they live
and looked at what she had said and
figured out what house it may have had
happened at because it was a house
closest to the golf course and then
realized whose house it was
and looked at a picture of the young man
who lived there at the time who was a
classmate of mr. Cavanaugh is put up
side by side images they look a lot
alike but really is it a case of
mistaken identity now dr. Ford put out a
statement last night insisting she knows
the difference between Judge calf zeroes
and there's no chance so we'll see write
it so we'll see so we'll see what about
entities they still even then they were
still trying to float it right even
after it be completely shot down and
everybody had basically run away from Ed
Whelan faster than I've seen anybody run
away
from anybody ever and so Edie Whelan has
now taken a leave of absence from his
ethics group after offering to resign
and they basically said well we'll take
a month and then we'll revisit because
in a month nobody's gonna care that
Whelan is back there in the non grifter
world let's just bring that last tweet I
you just got rid of it in the non
grifter world of conservative legal
thought right here it is let me just
read that again one key reason for this
is the law particularly appellate
constitutional law does not allow for
space for frauds the judicial
conservative movement this is a former
Scalia right clerk isn't open to
penetration by grifters an idiot
populous because of the barriers to
entry are too high
Edie no Charlie Kirk's here right that
barrier to entry seems to have maybe
dropped a little bit more than this guy
was aware of at Whelan series of
questions like edges sketch and analysts
meanwhile we should also just add I
don't even know if I have this story but
I there was a a guy hired to round out
the communications team for chuck
grassley on the Senate Judiciary
Committee and turns out that he was he
was available to them because at his
last job he was accused of sexual
harassment and they hired him
specifically to marshal the Cavanaugh
nomination through the Senate Judiciary
Committee he's got experience in such
things I mean that actually like oh no
I'm super good at dealing with sexual
harassment charges okay fair enough
we're on the same page
