[Music]
am seeder on the majority report on the
phone it is a pleasure to welcome to the
program
dan Coffman writer who's contributed New
York Times magazine and New Yorker
magazine on his book the fall of
Wisconsin the conservative conquest of a
progressive bastion and the future of
American politics Dan welcome to the
program thanks so much for having me Sam
it's really a pleasure
all right let's Wisconsin has really
captured my imagination over the years I
have some good friends from Madison in
fact when in the early days of this
iteration of the show we I traveled out
there during the protests and it was
really in my estimation the beginning of
of so much of what we're seeing now in
terms of those protests and and I and I
want to get I want I want to get to that
in the sort of chronology but and I want
to start sort of you know I guess
somewhere in the middle like why and
we'll talk in a moment the the history
of Wisconsin as a bastion of progressive
politics but why was was Wisconsin
targeted by conservatives or was that by
chance I mean was there a sense of like
Wisconsin if we can do it in Wisconsin
we can do it in about a half dozen or
eight other places in this country I
think so I mean what Governor Scott
Walker said as much in his I guess you'd
call it a autobiography he said you know
if we can do it here we can do it
anywhere and I think it was an
attractive target for them but precisely
because of those that history you know
it became but in a similar way that
Michigan you know which became a
right-to-work law that was an important
symbol you know it was the home of the
United Auto Workers you know and so
transforming the industrial Midwest I
think was very important in Wisconsin
has this unusual unusually strong
progressive tradition that that I think
in Walker you know
an opportunity there to turn you know
they transform the state into something
like a southern state with very almost
no labor rights and very few
environmental regulations they've
stripped away a state but was also very
progressive on environmental protection
and in fact spearheaded the entire
environmental movement you know there
was a famous senator named Gaylord
Nelson who founded Earth Day and it was
very important for all of these things
and I think it became a symbol as well
as the protest and defeating them I
think the Conservatives saw that as a
national proxy and I don't think the
Democratic side the National Democrats
saw the importance of it as much as the
other side did all right well let's
let's talk about Wisconsin's history of
progressivism because I mean there's
also I mean it's interesting because
it's it's also got a very I mean a
strong Republican in terms of just pure
identification of party a Republican
history too so I mean just walk us
through that let's go back to yeah we
talked in 19th century absolutely and in
fact the Republican Party was founded in
a one-room schoolhouse in Ripon
Wisconsin in 1854 that said that was a
very different Republican Party this was
a very progressive Republican Party
founded on abolitionist principles
abolitionism was incredibly strong in
Wisconsin partly because of the influx
of Scandinavian immigrants and German
immigrants vote both fleeing very
repressive regimes and in different ways
and they gravitated towards this new
party really fiercely in fact sort of
the most important figure in Wisconsin's
progressive history was a guy named
Robert La Follette fighting Bob
LaFollette who became governor and
Senator he was a Republican almost his
entire career but he was a very
progressive Republican and there was a
wing of that party that was progressive
Theodore Roosevelt also represented that
eventually LaFollette formed a third
party because the Republican Party that
had been part of became increasingly
dominated by business interests and that
has continued you know through the
decades that said
you know a strand of that progressive
republicanism still echoed in Wisconsin
for decades ask her but in the late 50s
it became a democratic state more or
less you know piecemeal but there was
still yeah it always had identified as
Republican but it was again a very very
different kind of it these were people
passionately supportive of Abraham
Lincoln who also besides you know the
Emancipation Proclamation and the Civil
War was also very supporter of labor
rights and these these things were part
of the progressive republicanism that
flourished in Wisconsin particularly in
the early turn of the 20th century where
they instituted a lot of reforms like
the first workers compensation bill
unemployment insurance and a lot of
these programs became models for the New
Deal
the Social Security Act was drafted by
Wisconsin ie Medicare decades later in
the Great Society was drafted by
Wisconsin ight loyal to what they called
the Wisconsin idea which was basically
using the University of Wisconsin to
draw on the expertise of faculty there
to craft legislation that would help the
citizens of the entire today and a lot
of these pragmatic but idealistic
reforms came out of this movement and
then were translated into a national
thing and it became what Louis Brandeis
called a laboratory of democracy
recently you know since the Walker era
it has become a laboratory for
conservatives and Wisconsin has been
modeled a version of Walker's famous act
anvil which stripped public workers of
their bargaining rights was just passed
in Iowa in 2017 I think Republicans see
the effect of these laws on changing the
electorate there's been studies that
have shown right-to-work states decrease
correlate to a decrease in Democratic
turnout by about three and a half
percent so they're very important at
engineering a kind of political
dominance that has really transformed
shaped Wisconsin I'm not saying it's
permanent but it has it has changed
things
and Wisconsin also had one of the early
adoptions of the progressive state
income tax - if I'm that's right and
yeah and we should also say though you
know there was also Joe McCarthy came
from Wisconsin it was always sort of was
there always this duality or I mean it
was it did this duality exists
simultaneously did it go back and forth
I mean because yeah I mean I guess I
think it's hard to understand how I mean
I'm still sort of reeling frankly from
Ron Johnson defeating Russ Feingold
right like that right is like I don't
underst
it's like walking out and just watching
things sort of float up in the air like
I don't understand the the that just
feels like gravity doesn't exist in that
situation and we'll work our way up
there but is this I mean is this a
question of of just a duality that's
going on there was it is there a it was
there something lost or was there just
something a strain that existed that
this sort of emerged over the past I
don't know 20 20 years 10 years well I
would say that there's always been this
duality recently there's been a lot of
things to get the hand on the scale so
that the back-and-forth doesn't work in
quite the same way
additionally the parameters for the
conservatives have been stretched to the
far far right that you you always had I
mean in the late 60s a Republican
governor was the one who enshrined
collective bargaining rights for all
state workers so this strand of
republicanism was still somewhat
moderate yes Joe McCarthy was elected
twice the first time it should be noted
he was not yet the demagogue person he
became the red sphere was launched in
1950 but he did win re-election George
Wallace basically launched his national
presidential career with a surprisingly
strong showing in Wisconsin it's always
had that too but I think the dominant
force was always a kind of pragmatic
progressivism that persisted what's
happened is it's been whittled away
you know in the early 70s the
Conservatives began coalescing began
building a very powerful infrastructure
it's been documented brilliantly in Jane
Mayer's dark money and and other books
but this infrastructure has helped shift
to balance slowly it's a very I describe
it as a kind of a attritional war and
things the long settled things like a
belief in voting rights and so on they
get they get whittled away and then
quite dramatically in the Tea Party wave
in 2010 when Republicans seized tons of
state legislatures including Wisconsin
for the first time in a long time and
that gave them the enormous opportunity
that opportunity also came in the midst
of a really severe financial crisis
people were looking for someone to blame
and Scott Walker blamed public employees
he called them in his inaugural address
to have and taxpayers that have not even
though of course these public employees
were also paying taxes yeah just stop
there right there because and I want to
go back a little bit in terms of Scott
Walker and trace his career a little bit
because he was fairly well positioned at
least in terms of his political career
to to espouse that line but how much of
it was was that how much of that was
racially coded because I mean I think
yeah right I mean some of it yeah I mean
Milwaukee is the most segregated city in
the country and he was the Milwaukee
County Executive any launched a fierce
war it's disproportionately the public
employees are probably
disproportionately minority I would say
though that that that was a portion of
it and his career is very driven by a
kind of racial animus Wisconsin to
collar counties around Milwaukee
Waukesha and so on are the most
Republican and there's there's probably
not no other American city that has such
an extreme division you know between
City and suburban
area where it's and there's a real
racial animus towards the city and that
probably extends to the entire state but
I also think it was important part of
this the Tea Party libertarian movement
of the coax and others to destroy the
labor movement which is not just about
is not just a racial issue it's actually
the only really infrastructure on the
other side that's capable of mounting a
challenge to their power and I think you
know when you saw the protests Wisconsin
is there's a very wide state I mean this
was you know most of the protesters were
white yeah on the Capitol and they were
teachers and you know firefighters even
though their rights weren't taken away
they supported them in solidarity so it
was a remarkable display of solidarity
these were people there was a lot of
misnomers around that it wasn't just
people from Madison they were coming
from all over I was there the day the
farmers brought in their tractors
surrounded the Capitol that's right all
right but but let's go back a little bit
with with with Scott Walker so he his
his his assaults on on public workers
started in the like I think in the early
aughts right around some type of pension
benefit right there was a pension
scandal and some there was a legitimate
scandal of a county executive who had
been drafted something and given huge
payouts to a lot of employees with
seniority including himself he didn't
wound up taking it but Walker used this
as a launching pad he was a noted state
assemblyman
and he saw an opportunity and launched
but a ferocious assault on public
employees that caught the attention of
Americans for Prosperity and other
groups like the Bradley Foundation which
is another pin in this conservative
Network that's actually based in
Milwaukee but has a huge national reach
and this effort to transform the country
by transforming the states
is really being worked out in Wisconsin
tommy Thompson as governor instituted
the first you know charter school
program in any in America in Milwaukee
but Walker really was really successful
it was quite clear that he had national
ambitions from the beginning he would
take this annual harley-davidson
motorcycle trip around the state that
also took in parts of Iowa
it was ostensibly to promote tourism in
Milwaukee County
but many people critics saw it as just
you know trying to establish himself
both both as for governor and even for
president and he would have Karl Rove
attended fundraisers of his in Chicago
he was auditioning is how I put it and a
lot of people were in that Tea Party
wave you had Michigan really changing
long-settled law in terms of labor
became a right-to-work state in 2012
these were this was a program that was
in place drafted by a lot of
conservative think tanks that was meant
to both be a political attack and to
basically preserve the wealth of very
powerful people and these are bills that
are propagated at conferences by the
American Legislative Exchange Council
who wanted right Alec focuses on
state-based strategy to transform the
country and very successful in Wisconsin
because they had complete control partly
engineered through a very extreme
gerrymandering that made them almost
impervious to elections in 2012 I want
to talk about gerrymandering but so so
it was in the early aughts when the AFP
basically said we're gonna start to me
because at one point it seemed as as
Walker ascended to the governorship that
there was almost a my guess when he was
County Supervisor there seemed like
there was virtually no daylight between
the AFP operation in Wisconsin and
Walker's staff like literally they were
almost the same people
well I don't know so much about that I
mean if he began he began speaking at
these AFP rallies as County Executive
later I think that's true and you have
to remember citizens united came about
in 2010 before that election it really
emboldened conservatives of Walker's
bent and and he had been a member of
Alec himself which is an incredible
networking opportunity for conservative
state legislators you know the amount of
Alec members in the US House of Congress
is astonishing I don't have the figures
in front of me but you know they move up
people like Walker and he gets exposed
the rumor is that he met the cokes at
Alec conference I don't know if that's
true
but he is in 2010 he began really a
close alliance with their policy program
not just them but all of these
conservative think-tanks who are funded
by them and the Bradley Foundation these
policies that had little to do with what
anyone in Wisconsin was asking for very
extreme things particularly act 10 but
other things as well and then you had
continuation we should just say again
what the collective bargaining measure
right yeah and and that was you know out
of left field but then you had you know
a person from the macgyver Institute one
of these think tanks had basically on
his blog had said you know what we
really need to do is to solve the budget
crisis is to get rid of collective
bargaining rights so I mean who knows if
that launched Walker but it was out
there and these messages are being
pushed relentlessly labor is an
impediment it's a cartel it has no value
it's an infringement on people's freedom
blah blah blah but really what it's it's
really a political attack and it brings
down wages I mean that's really what it
does and they've been very successful
with that and so so how was it that I
mean all these things come out of the
blue there is Walker gets elected in
2010 by February or March of 2011
he has proposed this law basically
making the state and more or less
right-to-work state with public
employees exempting like you said
firefighters and the police and though
and I do distinctly remember the
firefighters at the very least being
there in Madison there were also the
cops for labor was also there so but
yeah and and so and then and you had
private sector unions there also
supporting if I remember correctly yep
and then the the energy from those
protests and the unions weren't there
and Barack Obama despite his promises
during the campaign to put on his soft
walking shoes never showed up ever it
seems like right now right and and so I
mean tell me about that that time like
what what is your sense after talking to
all these folks and we should say that
you've been following around
Randy Bryce who sort of enters the
pictures I guess a little bit slightly
later than this but but but who those
decisions that were made to sort of
channel this energy rather from like
continued strikes and protests into the
recall what is your sense of what the
sense of people who were involved in
that in Wisconsin would they do
something different now I think many of
them would I think they saw and mean in
many of them advocated for something
different at the time but not the senior
leadership and not to senior Democratic
Party officials they felt like the
strike was illegal but many of the
activists rank-and-file would have
favored walk it out and Madison teachers
did but they were ordered you know back
to work by their you know umbrella Union
I think there is regret around that you
see these wildcat strikes not exactly
wildcat but he strikes in West Virginia
in Kentucky now and and I think yeah
Oklahoma and it was it was a decision
that a calculated session but it wound
up being somewhat disastrous
for them they had this energy this
grassroots energy of a hundred thousand
hundred fifty thousand people and then
all of that dissipated and they did the
recall energize people as well they
gathered almost a million signatures but
in the end they lost they were out the
electoral field is very difficult you
know Barack Obama as you said and not
just him but the whole Democratic
establishment really distanced
themselves from this fight and they
didn't see it as a national proxy and I
think that came back to haunt them in
2016
