[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is the normal world you go to work
in a city all around you are enormous
new buildings they look alike but you
will never be able to afford to live in
them because they are not really homes
they are blocks of money bought by
global investors whose money has nowhere
else to go
[Music]
brexit home
it showed that all the people who are
supposed to tell you about the world the
journalists the politicians the
think-tank experts know nothing
[Music]
greetings comrades friends and enemies
this is the Michael Brooks show I am
Michael Brooks were broadcasting live
from downtown Brooklyn USA we're left as
best as it is everywhere else with super
producer matt black hello chief
economist David Gris
how's it going sir producer David Slovak
in the digital sphere in the
ever-growing ever-expanding TMDs
universe on this week's program
Alex Perrine returns the great
journalists to talk about the collapse
of the American elites the a moral
parade of decadence Brett Kavanaugh
Donald Trump plus what would the
Democratic Party do if it actually
wanted to win what does that strategy
look like maybe statehood for Washington
DC may be voting rights for Puerto Rico
all that and much more with Alex Perrine
plus Bernie Sanders outlines a legit
global left vision hot off the heels of
our conversation with Daniel best 'nor
last week it's called Posadas it's
called wait for aliens to calm down read
the climate report were totally
no he had a more optimistic message than
that on confronting global oligarchy
reorienting from global Empire and
rights and justice for all that plus
matlick regulates Griscom talks
economics still defying the orders of
Richard Wolff we have a whole lot to get
to in the postgame including the gulag
because that's where it goes now but I
will tell you that nikki Haley the ever
right word ever war mongering every
Trump enabling but of course called a
moderate because I don't know she didn't
spit at the Palestinian delegation at
the UN nikki Haley is resigned and we
will be talking about that and placing
her where she belongs in the postgame
she's also ever a self-described lucky
girl that's what you said this morning
can play that clip later if it was Jesus
Christ all that and much much more on
the Michael Brooks show this week thanks
everybody for being here I am fighting a
bit of a cold I apologize uh and I want
to thank before we get to it those of
you some of the TMDs army and a huge
amount of the counter dings militia was
at the Bell House in Brooklyn on Friday
night where I was a featured guest a
little of bomani Jones and Pablo and
some other great people at the count the
ding show I did a panel of Waze a meme
and I did an Obama impression contest
which I clearly won much respect to mean
but I mean let's keep it real welcome
those of you who might be new to the
show fresh off of that show yeah how
does no house yeah definitely let us
know and all love as always to our
comrades over accounted dings and we
have some new plans actually coming for
woke Bros which we'll be letting you
know about soon as well if you're a
person that comes to the show through an
avenue that's not the majority report
like that I I'm especially interested in
the sports Bros from the Oise
enterprises I'm curious like just to
know how once you came they're there
they're definitely yes we are we are
curious absolutely so we got to talk
about Brazil we've been covering Brazil
for a while now from the political
imprisonment of lula da silva the most
important political prisoner in the
world today to the use of an
anti-corruption politics being leveraged
by the far-right and now we saw in this
past week
elections the terrifyingly close almost
outright first round round win by Jerry
are bolsa narrow the fascist candidate
who leads in brazil's elections we've
talked about how horrible he is before
and there needs to be a greater strategy
obviously to confront him and everything
that he and Trump and the whole rest of
the cabal of them represent but let's do
a little bit of reira view of just who
this person is we'll start with a photo
of balsa narrows son eduardo this is him
with Steve Bannon he tweeted this
yesterday I believe her over the weekend
it was a pleasure to meet Steve Bannon
strategist and Donald Trump's
presidential campaign we had great
conversations and we share the same
worldview he said he said to be an
enthusiast in balsa narrows campaign and
we are certainly in touch to join forces
especially against cultural Marxism for
those of you who questioned why this
show makes an effort to be as global as
we do not only for the rightness of the
cause of serious labor politics social
democracy combating police violence in
Brazil just as we do in the United
States and the political imprisonment
imprisonment of a world-renowned labor
leader and the greatest president in
Brazil's history we also do it because
we recognize like the fascists
recognized that these are globally
synchronised tightly interconnected
events and that so goes the most
powerful nation in Latin America has an
implication for us this is why during
the hegemonic reign of the Third Way in
the late 1990s in their early aughts
Bill Clinton Tony Blair Gerhard schr√∂der
and other neoliberal privatizing
jettisoning New Deal and social
democracy centrists globally coordinated
because they wanted to set a global
pattern that's what Steve Bennett is
attempting to do we're gonna get back to
the aschen among thing in a second I now
also want to play this clip of Dilma
Rousseff this is an interview she did
with democracy now in 2016
she of course her and
each mint on budget irregularities was a
major part of the process of what we see
happening today in Brazil but she spoke
specifically about Junior bolson ro
dedicating his vote in the Congress to
impeach her to the man who tortured her
see DOMA Rousseff was a guerrilla
fighter against Brazil's military
dictatorship and she was tortured by a
notorious torturer balsan ro dedicated
his vote to remove her from office to
the man who tortured her
this is former President Dilma Rousseff
explaining that in 2016 - Amy Goodman
also see - yes I can indeed the far
right in Brazil like the far right
everywhere it's anti-woman
anti black anti indigenous persons and
it is in favor of ending all oversight
and they struggled for this they want to
end any oversight of labor work
situations analogous to slavery that
continue to exist in Brazil there are
full of prejudice and intolerance and
they believe that they can resolve the
most complex problems using brute force
of violence open violence what happened
in the vote in the impeachment process
that I suffered
well legislator Paulson ara cast his
vote paying tribute to the military
dictatorship and torture and the torture
whose name was Carlos Alberto pre haunt
a ultra in casting his vote
he paid tributes to this man who was a
torturer in Sao Paulo and he was
recognized in all of the processes of
truth and justice that unfolded in
Brazil he said the following to pay
tribute to someone who brought terror to
President Dilma Rousseff a person who is
capable during an impeachment proceeding
to justify his vote in this manner is a
person who sews hatred he spreads hatred
because he only understands one language
so that was Dilma Rousseff and as Noam
Chomsky recently pointed out after
visiting Lula to Brazil's power
structure imprisoning Lula is not enough
they want to ensure the population as it
prepares to vote cannot hear from him at
all they're apparently willing to use
any mechanism to accomplish that goal
the irony is of course that for years
the Workers Party governed in a moderate
social democratic manner that paid off
IMF loans that was courteous and
courting of global capital not just from
the United States however also with
agreements with China Iran as well which
certainly would not please the United
States as well as of course programs
that I always say that significantly
reduced poverty and empowered workers
and also did some small steps though not
enough to protect the Amazon and the
global environment of which both
scenario has threatened to overturn
those steps as well the real key
question here though and one again that
has implications for all of us
especially if as an example
somehow Bernie Sanders becomes a
Democratic nominee in 2020 is where do
we sit with liberals in the global
struggle against fascism there are some
on what we call the dum-dum left who are
almost welcoming of fascism to expose
the hypocrisy of neoliberalism this is
both politically catastrophic
historically illiterate and morally
unhinged that however there's a major
division inside liberals that is Jean
Basel on contributor to this show and
professor at Missouri State University
has noted many times do liberals think
that Marxism is the threat to democracy
quote unquote democracy or the left or
they understand that fascism is are they
so attached to elitism manners and
capitalism that they're willing to
jettison everything else in the pursuit
of those concerns at the expense of
everything else
Brazil's elite is showing that they
absolutely are willing to jettison those
concerns and in fact a guy like Lula
would have governed first of all he
would have won this race he was leading
with a comfortable double-digit lead
over bolson ro
he would have governed as a great
national reconciler he would have yest
started to reverse austerity and do
things for the poor but he also would
have done good things for the investment
environment they rejected that because
of an irrational hatred of him rooted I
think no doubt in class resentments that
somebody who had no education that
somebody who was a metal worker that
somebody who didn't have the elite
training was more intelligent and
globally recognized and accomplished
than they are and Rica Cardozo the
former president of Brazil who was a
arch neoliberal and friend ndon Third
Way has publicly announced that he will
not commit to endorsing Haddad over
bolsa narrow in the second round of
voting even though jr. bowls a narrow
and one of his greatest hits an addition
to telling a woman legislator that she
wasn't attractive enough to rape to
talking about disowning and maybe even
beating and whipping children if they
were gay said that the problem with the
military dictatorship is that they
didn't kill enough people they tortured
too many people and one of the top
people they had to kill was Henrique
Cardoso now Cardozo would not even
commit to voting against Molson ro this
is the sickness of a certain type of
liberal elite whose end of the day
allegiance is to capital and social
standing and not democracy and it also
shows up in delusional fatuous false
equivalencies this is Yasha Munk a tweet
from him Yasha Munk has worked for Tony
Blair at his Institute on on renewing an
open society he's been a fellow at
Harvard he has written and writes
extensively on the threat of
authoritarianism ironically many of his
solutions to those problems are social
democratic but he has no desire to
actually do anything that would allow
for those solutions to actually be
implemented namely take back democracy
this is what he put out yesterday I
don't know if we have this tweet up for
about a decade late in America seemed to
be Latin America seem to be turning away
from populism and authoritarianism this
trend is now running in Reverse and
bowls and arrow wins leaders with
authoritarian leanings will rule two of
the continents most populous and
important countries Brazil and Mexico
that's right he just compared Ella's
lapid or amlo the next president of
Mexico who ran a moderate populist
anti-corruption the left-wing human
rights oriented campaign who
successfully governed Mexico City who
has never talked about killing
indigenous people who has never made
racist comments who's never talked about
raping a legislator who's never talked
about whipping a gay child who has said
that his main aim is to deal with
poverty but apparently
Jasha monks delusional worldview is
willing to equate these things in an
insane misleading false equivalency if
we are to save democracy in Brazil in
this election the second round is on the
28th of October is no doubt gonna need a
broad united front of which the other
center-left candidates Ciro Gomes and
and others have already committed to
supporting the Workers Party candidate
haddad in stopping fascism the centrist
party of Cardozo has said that they will
remain neutral although partially there
are some strategic calculations behind
that and Henrique Cardoso himself has
revealed himself as a total amoral
monster of the first order those of us
on the Left need to recognize that our
prime enemies are those on the right
here's another example of this this is a
photo taken of explain who this is David
it's it's one of the members of both
scenarios party who I believe won
yeah he won a seat in Congress yeah and
so there he is he's ripping up a
campaign sign of Mariela Franco and then
in Mariela Franco was the city councilor
for the Socialist Party for a socialist
party who was assassinated six months
ago in a professional hit her and her
driver were murdered her killers have
still not been apprehended he's tearing
up one of her signs this happened within
a couple of days ago Lula is traveling
bus in the spring before he went to
prison and politically trumped-up
charges was shot at
so we need to recognize that right now
in an emergency situation defeating
fascism is of the first order there's no
coming back from that there's no second
order to that but we also need to
realize that liberals who play any false
equivalency now and value their standing
over democracy we can't call them right
word or liberal anymore
they are simply polite fascists and
fundamentally part of the danger and the
problem and that's what we'll see play
out in Brazil over the next couple of
weeks as we continue to have solidarity
and hope that this election can be
pulled out with Fernando Haddad
defeating jr. bolson ro and a broad
vague anti-corruption politics will
never lead us where we need to go do we
want to do this now we were gonna do in
the postgame let's do I think yeah okay
and this is partially what I'm talking
about here then this is relevant I don't
actually talk about Jimmy Dore much on
this show I talked about I talked about
him once a couple months ago cuz he was
passive aggressively saying some stuff
about panel I was on and I someone
brought this video to my attention
though and I'm stunned honestly because
I would at least want to give Jimmy
credit I've seen him saying hey well you
should question the official net well he
says question official narrative in
Syria in ways that are totally wrong
stupid conspiratorial and overlooked war
crimes but I don't know overlooked
official narratives in Venezuela which
for all my immense criticisms of Maduro
I think is extremely important we always
need to look at the u.s. hand in
Venezuela and of course in attacking the
left across Latin America I haven't seen
Jimmy say anything about Brazil but
apparently he put this video out a year
ago if you noticed something this video
starts in the middle of basically a
infomercial for the lawyers who did the
carwash investigation which ended with
Lula being put in prison let's play this
no rope shown
lava jato has become a work of art
itself with broad support of the public
lava shot Oh bumper stickers are
everywhere
judge Moro has become a folk hero and
Delton has a best-selling book
on the operation I wrote this book to
say that we are not heroes in this case
and car wash case is only the first step
lava jato is an attitude in Brazil now
it's a ray of hope and it's an example
for young prosecutors young judges that
they can make a difference and we hope
that we have success in the legal
procedures but the success of change in
the mindset is already happening we live
in a window of opportunity for changes
and we are committed to use any chance
any possibility to make things better in
Brazil and doing so is a matter that is
up to everybody
[Music]
Wow that's kind of a I don't know that
kind of that's amazing yeah no that's
amazing I want to get a lava jato
t-shirt yeah yeah I really want one so
lava jato that's carwash I guess in
Bruce whatever they speak Spanish but I
think they speaks Portuguese all right I
don't want to be too much of an
about the last part and overlook the
actual point here okay and this is what
we mean by aimless vague depoliticized
quote-unquote populism
what did carwash actually reveal well
carwash undoubtedly revealed massive
corruption across Brazilian politics
although it was weaponized to target one
party a party the Workers Party which is
simply not designed purely as a
patronage system for corruption all the
other a lot of the other parties
involved in it literally were but I
quote now from Brian mayor of Brazil
wire it's no secret that American
corporations have immensely benefited
from operation carwash the international
corruption investigation that was
initiated in partnership between the US
Department of Justice the SEC the local
Public Prosecutor's Office in curitiba
paran√° and the brazilian external police
american petroleum corporation such as
exxon mobil and chevron are benefiting
from michele government a Michelle Tamra
government systemic dismantling a
privatization tammer
is the right-wing vice president who
stabbed Dilma Rousseff in the back who
has multiple corruption allegations
against him including ones that are
infinitely more substantiated than
anything presented about Lula he's the
current president of Brazil implementing
a vicious austerity plan which is thrown
millions back into poverty and is
rolling back labor rights as part of
this beautiful new mindset that car wash
opened up in Brazil the Michelle the
government's systemic dismantling and
privatization and below market rates of
Petrobras and its massive or Shell Oil
offshore oil reserves and with MP 7575 a
law which will give 300 billion in tax
abatements the foreign company extract
thing company's extracting Brazilian
Petroleum then goes on to talk about how
Boeing and other companies benefit from
this and how this connects to Hillary
Clinton's support for the 2009 coup and
Honduras that judge Sergio Moro who was
had the soft music under him in the clip
