people who evolved with the predecessor
another one all right there 47% will
within who are dependent on government
we believe it that they're victims we
believe that government has a
responsibility to care for them who
believe that they're entitled to health
care to move that housing do you name it
but that's an entitlement and government
should give it to them and they will
over this president no matter what and I
mean the president starts off with 48
2943 he starts off with a huge number
these are people who pay no income tax
47% of Americans pay no income tax so
our message of local taxes doesn't
connect you'll be out there talking
about tax cuts for the rich that's what
they celebrate 34 years and the exo my
job is not to worry about those people
on everything except they should take
personal responsibility and care for
their lives we'll have to do is convince
me five to ten percent in the center
that our independence that are all the
look at voting one way or the other
depend upon in some cases emotion
whether they like the guy
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show on
Michael Brooks we're broadcasting live
from Brooklyn left his best headquarters
with super producer Matt lek super
producer David Slovak he's holding it
down in the discord in Twitter scanning
the Michael Brooks show averse David
Griscom this year I don't know if he's
on mic yet we're working towards it
we'll see when he gets out of his shell
he is our resident writer theoretician
and researcher on today's program Mike
Hanna from al-jazeera global
correspondent we're gonna be talking
about Zimbabwe the broader implications
for southern Africa and what it means
when a dictator leaves and potentially
another one takes his place then Jade
hoy there's gonna be a little bit of
tension in the room because he is like
Matt a super producer he's a super
producer for leverage the chat he's also
a super producer for my homie my comrade
my dear friend was for wast speaks Jade
and I are gonna be talking sneakers
Kyrie on Twitter how to cover basketball
and he is my best conspiracy theory
friend the smart friendly Alex Jones all
on tonight's Michael Brooks show North
Korea tested missiles today launched an
ICBM the Sun is out showing the dad
we'll get to that later on the program
but first today's opening commentary
relates to that vintage moment of Mitt
Romney who has rebranded himself in the
degraded standards hashtag resistance
age as the woke plutocrat Mormon because
he does things like
recognize that rape and racism are
unacceptable and I can commend him for
that
but God our standards have really
degraded huh that Mitt Romney a
embodiment of all of the worst impulses
of the plutocratic elite that guide the
Republican Party and all too much of the
Democratic
could be praised in today's political
context and I bring that up because
there are two things that are happening
right now with regards to our modern
politics our top-down class warfare that
defines today's Republican Party that is
embodied and extended by the infamous
47% video that sunk Mitt Romney's 2012
presidential prospects first the gutting
of net neutrality net neutrality is
under attack and he and let me just
explain that neutrality for everybody so
it's really really simple what net
neutrality is I'm the quote now from
Victor Picard Nick neutrality
protections are essentially safeguards
that protect Internet Service Providers
ISPs from interfering with the Internet
net neutrality gives the FCC the
regulatory authority to prevent ISPs
like Comcast and Verizon from slowing
down or blocking certain types of
content it also prevents them from
offering what's known as paid
prioritization where an ISP Colet
particular websites or content creators
pay more for faster streaming in
download times with paid prioritization
is B could shake down a company like
Netflix or an individual website owner
coercing them to pay more in order for
it to be moved on a faster lane net
neutrality often gets treated as a sort
of technocratic squabble over ownership
and control of internet pipes but in
fact it speaks to the core of the social
contract between government corporations
in the public what it really comes down
to is how can members of the public
obtain information and services and
express themselves creatively and
politically without interference from
massive corporations what this is and
this is according to a very very basic
Marxist understanding this is an
enclosure of the Commons the Internet
Commons which was a publicly funded
utility which allowed for the creation
of a hybrid market and Commons economy
is now being re-engineered by government
to serve a basically as a giant cash cow
for corporations like Verizon and
Comcast this graphic will give you a
sense of
what the Internet age might look like if
the Trump administration's plans and the
FCC under a legit pie continuing to move
forward and they're mad rush to give
more money and resources to Internet
service providers and block innovation
and creation on the Internet higher
bills for you
slower stream times and all going to
some of the worst companies in the
world's pockets and this is just crude
accumulation this is the first wave of
how a market works there's always a
commons resource there's always
something that is community developed
and community developed maybe it's some
version of a hybrid system where markets
contribute or governments the foundation
and where communities in the commons
evolve something now it's gonna be
privately enclosed to create profit for
incumbent legacy corporations that pay
off Washington and exploit the public
interest this is happening in line with
a massive tax giveaway scheme that is
moving fast through the Republican
Congress this is the core Republican
agenda make America poorer sicker and
dumber and it works together it works
together to enclose a commons give a
giant giveaway to corporations and then
design a tax bill whose primary benefits
will be top end earners and private
corporations the New York Times says the
far-reaching tax bill amount like the
one being considered would touch nearly
every American in every business small
marge that our proposals that it could
affect how much it costs for you to buy
a house care for a sick relative adopt a
child and spend and send the children to
private school as with any attacks
builder winners and losers many
households would pay less in taxes but
some would pay more including about 13
million middle class families according
to an estimate by the Joint Committee on
taxation this also is gonna involve
massive corporate tax cuts and even
increases for people like graduate
students now here's another way that
this these plans intersect check out
this incredibly embarrassing clip from
Fox News's ever embarrassing Jesse
Watters
talking to a seemingly kind of you knows
not particularly thrilled a child who's
on to talk about taxes I hope when he is
hopefully a normal and successful
college student no one digs this clip up
and embarrasses him but everybody
involved in this should be called on at
least some type of sort of weird
conservative of obsession with child
when Durkins which is another one of the
many many bizarre pathologies of the
conservative movement this is a kid
explaining to Jesse waters who made his
career off of harassing people on the
street for Bill O'Reilly why we need to
create a pass a tax plan that will
benefit the plutocrats of this country
this is pretty bizarre tell me why you
think lowering taxes is good economic
policy
I think lowering taxes would be better
because right now our taxes are too high
and the way way too high and it has to
stop from spent talking a lot about
lowering taxes and Obama and they they
they they made the taxes go higher yep
what's probably didn't help in right now
those taxes on everything like free
education who's gonna pay for that taxes
all these other things what's gonna pay
for that taxes so I think our taxes need
to be lowered a lot right I would pay
for it starting why taxing every single
piece of money and Holdings that Jesse
Watters has at a hundred percent making
him homeless and kicking all of that
money to free colleges but one of many
examples also if the Department of
Social Services still exists in the
Republican governance age can we call it
on that kids parents Jesse Watters and
the Fox News booking department but this
all works together
the attack on net neutrality which is an
attack fundamentally on in fact freedom
innovation information is going to
facilitate the type of coverage you saw
just there because incumbent quote
operations cable service providers ones
with the money influence and access will
have clear lanes to give you propaganda
videos like a child in a trump hat
explaining to you why we need to pass
top-end tax giveaways for the already
hopelessly dysfunctional II rich in a
society defined by extreme inequality
and then it will loop around because the
tax giveaways and cuts on corporations
will create even more capital to
reinvest in the political process and
Washington to strip away and destroy the
very last vestiges of the American
safety net and enclosed more Commons to
create more profits Republicans look at
this and the right looks at this
systemically the Koch brothers the
Republican strategist Grover Norquist
they see a complete synchronization
between assaults on the public sector
tax giveaways paring down the American
state and redistribution of wealth to
the top it involves packing the courts
which the Trump administration is doing
incredibly effectively it involves
getting rid of the open pipelines on the
internet and it involves a
generation-defining inequality
increasing tax giveaway this is another
failure of neoliberalism the OU liberals
don't think structurally they think in a
piecemeal way these guys don't which is
part of the reason why their unending
assaults on most Americans have been so
effective so look we need to keep
fighting against the net neutrality
gutting by the FCC we need to go up
against this tax cut it's about to pass
and this is just as damaging in many
respects as gutting Obamacare it's
generation-defining
next wave of inequality and top-down
class warfare and we need to think
structurally because the continuum of
getting rid of net neutrality tax
giveaways to the rich and that kid
talking to that troglodyte Jesse Watters
is all part of a continuum that is
destroying our politics our economics
Armenia and cultural lives it's time we
take notice fight back in an integrative
way and reclaim the Commons
and also save that kid's future dating
and social life now and I'm really
serious about that I would never ever
ever I mean what did you mention if we
built content and now after that I'm
gonna have an eight-year-old on to
explain what's happening in Zimbabwe I'm
it's what what the what the hell that
kid should be like playing baseball not
talking to Jesse Watters Jeff I mean I
don't know what Jesse what baseball to
to be to be fair softball yeah Tebow
exactly Jesse Watters can't handle
anything in high velocity including I
mean that kid left them in the dust just
doing competent talking points on
today's show we're talking with Mike
Hanna Zimbabwe the greater South Africa
situation and so on actually we're gonna
do the shout out first then we'll do the
rundown so as we know now we do the
shout out where we talk about something
positive much to David grish comes
discomfort he is not a believer in
positivity he thinks it's sort of he
calls it the Tony Robbins section of the
show disdainfully Matt insists that he
doesn't care and David Slavitt goes
early Tony Robbins so it's a very it's a
very interesting dynamic here but
today's a shout out comes courtesy of a
peace and open democracy in the gender
sexuality and social justice vertical
the whole thing is crazy every time you
say that you got it to a Jordan Peterson
voice mixed now it'll be covering how
I'm gonna just go into this shout out in
the Jordan Peterson voice oh my god
there's a cafe in India where women are
supporting each other who've been
victims of acid attacks the whole thing
as anti male PC run amok it's me old
Marxism it's crazy that's right in the
there is a the cafe Shiraz and Agra
India is run by survivors of acid
attacks this is actually a really really
disturbing story that turns in
to something that is actually inspiring
girls and woman who were attacked by
male stalkers jilted lovers relatives
fathers or husbands relatives or fathers
are serving hot drinks and working as
chefs in one corner
what t-shirt reads stop acid attacks and
my beauty is my smile are for sale those
who work here support a broader campaign
for gender equality and for a place
public places without women fearing of
violence and other forms of attack and
the article goes on to explain very
disturbingly how much of a problem in
India in fact disfiguring acid attacks
are on women but also the community
effort that these women have built at
Cafe Shiraz and the author says my
conversation with the woman at Cafe
sharrows suggested that many acid
attackers and perpetuators go unpunished
by offering bribes or using their own
influence to circumvent laws and they
can explain that justice can only come
from the creation of spaces where they
feel socially included by the wider
community and from reinforcement of
government laws they demanded a greater
focus on prevention rather than in
crisis response and they expressed
gratitude that they may continue with
their lives in the cafe their ongoing
struggle free equality reveals the real
face of India it's a really you know
heartbreaking disturbing and just
grotesque story on one hand but also
incredible resilience and real bottom up
admirable social activism and innovation
on the other that is today shout out and
I think there was enough disturbing
content in it for David Griscom I don't
shake your head at me no I'm right let's
shake your head that you leather jacket
coming in from Austin trying to be all
Johnny Cash how dare you we are at 850
patrons I want to thank each and every
one of you so much now what happens at
the end of the month is there's always a
drop-off people's cars get declined
there's other sort of things that arise
so please make sure your information is
up-to-date on patreon
you're hanging on the fence now is
definitely the time to do it people at
the 21 an above level have been doing
the phone calls and now we're actually
designing some more specific series that
we've been talking about of calls that
are gonna meet training sessions those
are gonna go to two a month the
voicemails are being put together at the
31 and above for the new year we're
putting those together right now as we
speak you're gonna have about four or
five different characters that you can
choose from and we will deliver you
those impressions the discord is humming
it's an incredible curated system now
thanks to our admins and I'm doing
regular Q&A on there we just had one the
other night we're gonna do another one
Thursday evening the iTunes have 165
reviews I believe the numbers are
growing
it really profoundly helps when you
spread the word one piece of news I want
to give you when we get to a thousand
Matt and I are gonna stream Wolfenstein
and we're also gonna work a little bit
with an animator to do some animations
of some of the characters and
impressions and some of that will of
course just be for patrons we take care
of our patrons here and we appreciate
each and every one of you so much of
course the show each episode of the
Michael Brooke show is available in full
on YouTube all of the bonus content this
weekend's elicit history is on the real
sosa from scarface the beloved Bolivian
cocaine boom pre Pablo Escobar the role
the CIA paramilitaries death squads
Nazis and how it led to the iran-contra
affair last Sunday Natalie sure explain
why we don't have single-payer health
care in America it goes back to a 1940's
PR campaign but the American Medical
Association plus you get the postgame
tonight
Leslie Hill the Third's calling in we're
talking for a few minutes he's from the
great show struggle session which
everybody should check out and then I am
going to wreck
Jordan B Peterson cuz the whole thing is
crazy and right-wing Mandela's gonna be
responding to some Morning Joe clips
plus your calls and IMS we're moving
we're moving we're moving I want to
thank each and every one of you so much
let's cross a thousand by the end of the
new
year and we will be back in a moment
with Mike Hanna we're talking Zimbabwe
and southern Africa
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
Vybz Kartel to take us in joining us now
is Mike Hanna he is a correspondent for
Al Jazeera news presenter analyst he was
former CNN Jerusalem bureau chief mike
and i'm and if i could presume i would
like to say senior foreign correspondent
for the michael brooks show and he did
michael nice to be back it's great to
have you I really appreciate your time
as always and we're gonna start we're
talking about Zimbabwe we covered it a
bit last week there's a significant
transition happening now let's play just
a brief piece of sound from Emerson
Managua I think I am 85% there in
pronunciation of his section from his
inaugural speech from last week and then
he is of course replacing Robert Mugabe
and then you will take us from there
Mike I will protect and promote the
rights of the people of Zimbabwe and
that I will devote myself to the
well-being of Zimbabwe
and people like who is this figure that
has replaced Robert Mugabe and how did
this whole process come about and what
can we expect from him
well the key issue Michael is that
Emerson managua worked under Robert
Mugabe as a liberation fighter as a
politician as a state security officer
for more than 15 years so he is more
than an acolyte he is a devoted follower
has been and was a person who probably
more than any other single individual
within zimbabwe kept Robert Mugabe in
power for such a long period of time so
he's a deeply significant figure and the
fact that he has now come to power
raises questions many delighted at the
final end of the McGarvey era but many
flossing questions about a man who has
been so deeply embedded in the ethos of
Robert Mugabe and the way in which
Robert Mugabe kept control of the
