what so had our backs well yeah I mean
look this is a obvious this is an
obvious call for anybody I mean it on it
like a so didn't the guy from Infowars
okay I'm trying so you don't get that
much extra credit here for it but here
is Joe Rogan and it's weird because
maybe Joe Rogan has forgotten but we
played softball together multiple
occasions back in the day and in Boston
maybe you forgot it's possible I last
time I was at La God suggested uh you
know I tried to put myself on to the
show but he clearly it's a problem it's
a Sam Harris problem yes now this is
what I find really fascinating is that
all of these guys their fundamental
values seems to be you can't deep
platform people just because you
disagree with them right
that's Dave Reubens whole shtick he's
the last liberal deep platforming us is
wrong and what's that guy he would Hugh
Hewitt University or which whatever the
one of those guys is is a Hugh Hewitt or
the oh it's uh doesn't break her Praeger
Dennis Prager University
their D monetizing him on on YouTube
that's a deep platforming Milo they're
trying to deep platformer Joe Rogan it's
got that you know this is it's all about
liberty why are you afraid of saying
these things when I try and go on the
show now maybe Dave Rubin is afraid of
having a debate with someone who can
actually debate maybe Joe Rogan is a
little bit nervous about it there's not
a lot of prep involved in this stuff but
let's listen to this phrase it you're
gonna sound funnier than he would by
positive one second so so they're
talking about the the tweet and Stanhope
says if you paraphrase you can sound
funny than he would I don't know you
know Stanhope's from Worcester I don't
know I mean we didn't know each other I
think he was a little bit younger than
me at that time seems to be a little bit
not so much now but I think we went to
the same high school I think we both
went to Doherty hi I'm not sure but
here's I don't know wasn't that funny if
I was gonna edit your act this is how it
said did you find it here's essentially
what it is if you can't find her huh you
got to find it you got to find the can't
this up I can't tell you how many times
I've told Hennigan about now this comic
you gotta see this is a great comic they
do this bit and I do the bit for him and
he's like oh that's funny and and then
he sees that me oh you do it so much
better that's all the guys go too many
words he's using too many words I'll
tell you two that I'm you know I haven't
done stand-up in 15 years seven you know
whatever 15 years but nevertheless got a
swarm of emails like these people like
attacked you know these all right
fellows Oh attacked and deposit here I
also want to change I just want to make
this clear there was no swarm of emails
from CERN ovitch there was one email per
advertiser they may be sent one email to
MSNBC and this is one of the things that
we're going to deal with when it comes
to the CERN ovitch expose that we're
doing you can buy BOTS
ladies and gentlemen online and you
could have the guy that you pay who digs
through the tweets come up with the form
letter for the email but that doesn't
mean there's swarms of people bales like
these people like attacked you know
these all right fellows attacked and
start saying that this guy had tweeted a
twitch essentially a rape joke and that
we would never sponsor you we're gonna
like contact your sponsors this would he
said you've got a thing covering over
the that picture of it don't care oh I
don't care
re Polanski but I hope if my daughter is
ever raped by an older truly talented
man with a great set oh I but I hope if
my daughter is
raped it is by an older truly talented
man with a great sense of nice unseen
Mazzone scenes that's what it is is a
here's the part here's part of the
problem he deleted this which he regrets
doing but it's a part of a series of
tweets all of them that criticized
people's support of Roman Polanski
because Roman Polanski had raped kids
but he did really good films and he was
like John disgusting that is he
was essentially saying this is a
horrific way to look at this like this
guy raped a baby right here ape like a
13 year old yeah right so this was a
part of a series of tweets all
expressing this and that was clearly
satire and MSNBC capitulated and they
fired him and I you know I don't know
him I know people who do know him some
that like him and it's a there's a lot
of people who don't can I just know but
I think do credit card cutting oh he got
the the gist of what the what the deal
is he nailed it and to be even more fair
and generous
that's literally exactly how I'd
describe our relationship as well I know
some people that know Sam something him
right that's right that's also male both
I just I don't have a dog in this fight
but that's crazy that's crazy
if you look at what the joke was and
then the fact that he deleted it and
then on top of that the is he
apologizing for it no he's not he's good
he's not what he did was he made a video
explaining what the joke was totally was
deprived is a part of a series of tweets
and said but it doesn't matter once that
 outrage machine I was just asked
if I regret my tweet from 2009 I regret
laziness led me to delete it I would
never regret criticizing rape apologists
and I agree with that fantastic
I don't know Sam cedar I don't either
but let me clarify
I mean I don't know Rogan well and he
was certainly you know to the extent
that at that stage in either one of our
careers we had any you know awareness of
who comedians were it was all very very
localized in Boston but he he does make
a point about that
that has struck me
but yeah the I be continued Sam cedar I
don't either but I know that he could
probably start a podcast and make a
decent living and not have to work for
someone yeah it's gonna fire him well
yeah I think he has his own show
Minority Report right hey second the guy
doesn't know me he has his own show
right now although I gotta say you have
to see that's a haze also it's made that
may not out mistake all the chat all the
time I mean I I know I'm going very easy
on Rogan but I know people who like know
me personally and I believe Minority
Report like everybody makes that mistake
but he did do it twice and he don't
think he didn't have the roaches and
here's here's the rub I think here's the
rub that he has and it has to do with
this guy Internet show cuz that's what
la get ya and you know and here's the
other thing look isn't he had a dispute
more than once I believe with my good
friend Sam Harris and he accused Sam
Harris of being Santa is a
neuroscientist that term they don't he's
an author has a podcast he's essentially
an intellectual very very very smart
time when the smartest guys ever have my
podcast so what was their beef that Sam
Harris believes that all ideologies are
inherently dangerous in Islam it's very
problematic and many people on the Left
think that when you criticize Islam that
you are some sort of a racist you're
akin to a racist whereas a positive once
again this is important because you
actually sort of fascinating so there
are two things that are going on here I
mean Rogan nails it in this net he
blames it on the outrage machine this is
in in in Rogen's sort of dismissal of
this as an outrage machine is not any
different from what MSNBC did because to
say that outrage machine is the problem
no the outrage machine was not the
problem the problem was this was a
completely fabricated completely
fabricated and all they were doing was
they were threatening controversy over
something that everyone from Joe
rogon the Doug Stanhope - the guy from
Infowars - the most Hillary bought - you
know I mean across national review
writers Eli Lake I do I do think Sam Sam
Sam Harris actually said that but if you
do a thought experiment so so the point
is is that that construct of outrage
machine is the way to DES sort of
dismiss things like that and it's not
this is not what that was about
and then so Rogan is said it as a
political attack be clear yes yes
fillable and it was in the thing is it
was an unjustified one I think it listen
if I had written multiple tweets maybe
one saying like I am Pro child rape it's
a totally different situation the
outrage could be just as large and I
could get fired and it's a fundamentally
different situation and here we have
Rogan now setting up the the Sam Harris
thing right Sam Harris thinks that all
ideologies are problematic in Islam is a
big problem and then if you say that if
you because sam harris says that then
lefties a column racist now the funny
thing is and this is what this is why
this show will never be and never could
be as even remotely like a fraction of
the size of Joe Rogan's is because
you're gonna see Doug Stanhope now
actually contradict Rogan and neither
one of them are going to acknowledge it
or it may be realize it or acknowledge
here we go
it's very problematic and many people on
the Left think that when you criticize
Islam that you are some sort of a racist
you're a kin to a racist whereas if you
criticize Christianity you're someone
who's just not a rube right against that
weird thing because of brown skin
people's desire to not be perceived as
racist so they go way overboard with it
and which is what's happening with the
me - thing where you go I see all the
benefits of people coming out and it's
putting the fear in a everybody
let me die twenty years
nobody's wanted just for Sam sake like
he's not a racist by any stretch to the
imagination
he doesn't like ideologies he doesn't
like something that makes you think that
God wants you to kill people
he doesn't want I mean whether or not
you interpret that the way the
Christians do I mean there's not a lot
of people killing people over some
from the Old Testament you know
there's no one out there and acting the
rain the rage of God for people wearing
two different types of cloth right
because all right now posit I here it is
here it is just go back a second here is
where exactly Doug Stanhope is going to
address exactly the point that we have
made on the show a million times about
sam Harris's analysis right that sam
harris says Islam is problematic
Stanhope goes with this retort as to why
we don't see that same behavior out of
Christianity Testament you know there's
no one out there and acting the rate the
rate of God for people wearing two
different types of cloth right because
Christians are generally better off and
what you kill yeah once you get a lot of
 toys and yeah you dismiss a lot
of that I should kill myself in the name
of blank that's a good point
thank you a great point in fact that is
the point that you happen to have
cultures in Islam that have been because
of destiny
they had oil under the ground and it has
created an entire centuries of political
machinations that have created these
whether it's you know whether it's
propping up monarchies that are
exploiting the resources whether it's
actually funding these nascent
organizations of extremists because
you're gonna find advantage they're
gonna fight your enemies I mean all of
this and so it is not that Islam is the
problem it is that Islam's problem was
they they had a lot of oil under the
ground and that and that specific
ideologies as you were alluding to are
funded for a very
very specific reasons and even
understanding the difference as an
example between the Shiite revival and
Iran Hezbollah which I guess I always
got to be clear even with these people I
do not endorse but which did have a
incredibly real-world anti-imperialist
political focus which we reacted to
versus supporting the Saudis and
Salafist and jihad in Afghanistan which
is a precursor to all of these problems
al Qaeda and Isis because at the time
they were perceived of as a political
and just a religious or a revivalist
movement which is why you know Reagan
called them the moral equivalent of our
founding fathers this stuff is all
politics and economics and what's so
annoying about Harris is that you know
he might take a few people who
good-naturedly I think with good
intentions but they have a simplistic
critique and they do just reduce all all
you know like if you have a critique of
Islam it's just Layton racism which if
we're being real in some cases it
obviously is
but what Harris does is he takes
critiques of his view which are actually
just infinitely more sophisticated and
then tries to reduce it down to that
because he can't take confront those
things because he's not informed enough
apparently
which is his bad thing whatever it is
whatever it is but that's his exchange
with Tom so just looking at the argument
itself we just watch Joe Rogan come to
the understanding that we have been
expressing and that Doug Stanhope like
get it immediately as just a guy with
some savvy and common sense well yes
because I mean I think like and I don't
think it's just that I think he's
probably a little bit better read from
Worcester he's a nice boy I mean I think
he went to Doherty so so he's obviously
read like Steve Coll and Juan Cole and
all of those guys and whatnot all the
calls the coals right maybe a mr. Cramer
if he took Latin hi folks Sam cedar here
we still need your help on our patreon
page YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep
helping you by making videos
