[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the way
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I keep referring to Obama as the magic
negro you like what you see now well
some on this just a mirror shared
sacrifice by everybody what could it do
to you except your image I did nothing
wrong at the Minneapolis Airport homage
are far more credible to me than PBS and
front one the majority report with sam
cedar
[Music]
it is Wednesday October 11th 2017 my
name is Sam cedar that's the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today McKay
Coppins the Atlantic magazine writing in
the Columbia Journalism Review what if
the right-wing media wins also on the
program today Republicans in the bunker
mentality meanwhile the generals worry
about Trump and nukes 1000 plus Isis
fighters surrendered to the Kurds and a
trans partisan bill introduced in the
house to withdraw from Yemen Harvey
Weinstein done ladies and gentlemen and
the United labor union files a complaint
versus the cowboys owner over forcing
his players to stand for the national
anthem
lastly Mark Zuckerberg apologizes still
doesn't get it
all this and more on today's program
ladies and gentlemen let's just play
this quick clip here because I don't
know if there's anything that sums up
where we're at quite like this when the
spokesperson for the State Department
actually there's multiple clips that I
get suggest this this is a spokesperson
from the State Department she's the
former Fox News morning personality
of course turned State Department
spokeswoman and well she is asked a
question about the Secretary of State um
apropos of nothing what's the
Secretary's IQ it's high but you can put
put things together you know what do you
might have gotten on his SATs yeah right
apparently that is a real question the
president was making assertions about
their relative IQs so that became
important let's just give you a sense
and for those of you who watch or listen
to this program overseas I'm sorry I
don't know what else to say
alright you know we got time for one
more that I think captures this but
before we do I want to talk about this
because before we get to McKay Coppins
as you know as far as I was concerned
last year at this time that if you
didn't need if you needed or I should
say one needed no other reason to vote
for Hillary Clinton for president over
Donald Trump than that one seat on the
Supreme Court and then you can layer in
from there the next seat on the Supreme
Court and perhaps the next one after
that and the hundred some-odd plus
federal judiciary vacancies which are
now incidentally significantly more than
just a hundred they're at a hundred and
forty nine vacancies upcoming
resignations will put the vacancies to a
in 66 you will have entire Federal
Circuit benches filled with a majority
of Republicans for at least a generation
maybe two and writing in I don't know
where this guy writes Fred Barnes
apparently also I should say is still
alive and he is writing and this is
indicative of the bunker mentality that
the Republicans are in right now later
in the program we'll talk about what's
happening with the other Republican
lawmakers but this is the most important
aspect of what's going on aside from of
course Donald Trump perhaps maybe
getting us into some type of nuclear
confrontation Mitch McConnell has made
it the number-one priority of the Senate
to confirm judicial nominees they're not
as worried about legislation they're not
worried about filling the Assistant
Secretary of State or the other
literally I don't know it could be
hundreds of positions that still need
confirmation in our government the only
thing they care about is getting as many
judges sitting on the federal bench as
possible so he is scheduling that and
making those priorities he's also no
longer honoring blue slips you will
recall there was a huge log jam of
judges under the Obama administration
because it has been Senate tradition for
I don't know how many decades that the
senator of a state in which a judge is
up for confirmation on any given circuit
now we're
member how many states Republicans
control can withhold a blue slip of
paper I guess and essentially make that
nomination go nowhere if they disagree
with the judge this was done constantly
constantly when Democrats controlled the
Senate many people said to Patrick Leahy
who was the chair of the judicial
Judiciary Committee in the Senate don't
honor these anymore and of course the
institutionalism one out until of course
Mitch McConnell became the Senate leader
the use of blue slips he said is not a
Senate rule it's been honored in the
breach over the years now it won't be
honored at all technically you need
Grassley who's the chair of the
Judiciary Committee to also kill it but
they'll do it
he's also getting rid of or at least by
passing the 30 hours rule which provides
for 30 hours of debate on a nominee he's
gonna figure out how to do that
scheduling wise and yet he's still
getting grief from various conservative
outlets that want to get rid of him from
the judicial crisis Network from the
conservative action project Freedom
Works is demanding McConnell step down
but he knows why he's there and this is
the this is essentially like this is the
moment where you're in the bunker you
see the the tanks coming from the
attacking army and you start burning all
of the papers in there this is what he's
doing he's got 13 months 14 15 months
now until January of 2019 when there's a
slight slight highly unlikely but
possible chance that they would lose the
Senate and this is what they want to get
accomplished literally decades of
conservative control of the federal
judiciary I don't care what proposals
you think you have for government if
five justices of the Supreme Court say
hey guess what single-payer that's not
constitutional
it won't happen and I don't think we're
getting we don't think we have those
five justices now we don't if Kennedy
leaves or one of the liberal judges left
the center let's say judges leave you're
gonna get close to five judges will say
that if two of them leave that's Johnny
ball game until someone gets hit by a
bus for anybody who's alive hearing my
voice now anyways cuz forty
five-year-old sitting on that Court it's
gonna be there for forty years so just
keep that in mind if you have a time
machine and can go back in time and need
to reevaluate your vote in Michigan or
Wisconsin or Pennsylvania in particular
all right we're gonna take a quick break
but you know what let's play one more
clip here because this is also
indicative of what's going on
Gabe Sherman was on Chris Hayes last
night and I think what's happening is
that bob Corker is shaking loose some
stories that we wouldn't otherwise here
and nobody's coming out
there's no elected Republican official
in the country who is not resigning that
is going to speak out against Donald
Trump because something like 96% of
those people who voted for Donald Trump
in the Republican primary would vote for
him again today and I think when we
talked to McKay Coppins we're gonna
understand why but the stories are
starting to shake loose a little bit and
they're of course all anonymously
sourced but Gabe Sherman's been pretty
good with his sources
in the past I think there's a half a
dozen people at Fox or formerly at Fox
News who would agree with that
assessment here he is he's now he's not
with variety is he no Gabe Sherman isn't
with no I think he's with maybe is here
he is on Chris Hayes's program I just
want to you know sort of put into
context the conversation I had with a
very prominent Republican today who
literally was saying that they imagine
general Kelly and secretary mattis have
had conversations about if Trump lunged
for the nuclear football what would they
do would they tackle him I mean
literally physically restrain him from
putting the country at sort of perilous
risk and that is the kind of situation
we're in
so yes wait that's a conversation you up
with a very senior Republican musing
about OneNote who is talking about these
are the conversations that they have
very good authority are taking place
inside the White House that's a little
disturbing that's a little disturbing I
guess I don't know I guess it would be
more disturbing if we heard like people
think he's gonna lunch for the nuclear
football and nobody's gonna stop him are
they like installed like a fox news app
on the nuclear football that he can
watch that would be more disturbing that
or or they what would be less disturbing
is that they've figured out they're just
gonna surround the nuclear football with
TVs that will distract him as he gets
closer I do wonder if there's some type
of protocol where if the president has
a certain word like I want to i command
to see the nuclear football or something
like that then the protocol is such that
nobody can interfere with him but they
could literally tackle him before he
gets to saying those words I don't know
it's really sad that we have to
contemplate that but that's where we're
at
Gabe chairman Vanity Fair somebody I
guess in the office was editorializing
about the quality of Vanity Fair all
right we're gonna take quick break when
we come back McKay Coppins
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome to the program staff writer for
the Atlantic magazine contributing to
the Columbia Journalism Review with the
piece what if the right-wing media wins
McKay Coppins McKay welcome to the
program thanks for having me
all right I you know I have I am
becoming increasingly obsessed again as
I was probably 10 10 15 years ago now to
to the the implications of the
right-wing media and in particularly in
this day and age because we have you
know someone who could be a right-wing
media personality as president or at
least it seems to get most of his
talking points from there and you make
the argument that there has been I mean
what is it just give me the broad stroke
is it that there has been a sort of
fundamental shift in the agenda of the
right-wing media yeah well I think two
things have happened one is that the
conservative media complex as a whole
has in the past few years and especially
in the trump presidency become much
larger more powerful more influential
because we have a president as you
mentioned who takes his cues from
right-wing media so that's one thing
that's happened the second thing is that
their agenda has shifted or at least
they've become more overt about what
their agenda has been all along in a way
that I think is potentially dangerous
and that's what I get into in this
Columbia Journalism Review article the
it used to be for a long time the
conservative media and conservatives in
general people like Rush Limbaugh Fox
News they they spend a lot of their time
as you know attacking the mainstream
media but but they always at least
claimed that they had a kind of
civic-minded rationale for it they said
that our goal is to reform the
mainstream media what we want is a more
fair and objective news
in this country they said that it was
too biased toward liberals now whether
you thought that was disingenuous or not
I argue that it was at least there was
value in maintaining the pretense
because it kind of supported the broad
consensus we've had in this country
since World War two that our country
works best our democracy works best with
a robust nonpartisan press
what's happened with changed in the last
couple of years is that conservatives
especially kind of the ascendant figures
on the right-wing media have basically
dropped that pretense I start the piece
with an anecdote with Matt oil who's a
washington an editor for a Breitbart and
he's at the Heritage Foundation speaking
to a bunch of young up-and-coming
conservatives you know the next
generation of Tucker Carlson's and Megyn
Kelly's and he says his quote is
journalistic integrity is dead there is
no such thing anymore so everything is
about weaponizing or the weaponization
of information and he says we envision a
day when the New York Times closes its
doors we envision a day when CNN is no
longer in business they he comes out and
says our goal is the complete
destruction of the mainstream media by
which I think they mean basically the
destruction of nonpartisan journalism
all right so you know and it is
fascinating to me because I mean for a
couple of reasons because on some level
ah the reason why I'm doing this show
came out of a desire on on some level to
actually weaponize information obviously
not from the right but from the left I
mean I started my career in in am talk
radio I subscribe to the notion that in
fact this is not a fundamental shift but
it's just like stage three right of a
plan where there you can be more
explicit about it and and and you can
afford to be because stages one and two
of the plan were successful enough that
you can actually articulate this this
this agenda I remember you know back
specifically when you know a guy like
Duncan black Atrios would
right in 2004-2005 we we have problems
with the media what the media doesn't
understand is that when we attack them
we are actually just asking them to
uphold certain editorial standards when
the right attacks them they're trying to
get they're trying to destroy them and
and and so but I don't but like you say
I don't know if that's as important
other than the fact that I think the
consensus was simply held up because the
project had not moved along as much do
you know what I think that's good yeah
no I think there's something to that I
think that that's true
and so maybe fundamental shift is not
the right word like I said I think a lot
of this is just conservatives being more
transparent about what their goal has
been all along but I do think that I
mean we've seen it you know you can look
at any number of metrics but we've seen
the the deterioration of the mainstream
media's credibility their financial
stability over the last you know decade
decade and a half and there are a lot of
things that have contributed to that
it's not just you know conservatives
going after it but I do think that that
there that the project now is to
undermine journalism and and I want to
make it make a point here before I move
on I don't think there's anything wrong
with opinion journalism or and I don't
think there's anything wrong with you
know just straight up you know having an
agenda and advocating for it with these
media platforms whether it's what you do
or it's online or social media or with
you know whatever it that's all fine
that's part of the political process I
think that's good I think the difference
is that there are people who there are
people on both left and right who are
operating with good faith who want them
the mainstream media to be better and
then also want to add their voice as a
as a voice of advocacy then there's what
Breitbart and others are doing which is
they want to replace journalism itself
with what they're doing and I spend a
lot of time talking to conservative
media figures for this piece and and
they will tell you even the most kind of
you know responsible the more
responsible good
actors in this world will say look the
whole idea of media objectivity is kind
of is a relatively new one and and the
idea of a nonpartisan press is only
emerged in the last you know half
century or so the end they kind of
advocate for a return to the
journalistic conventions of centuries
past where we're you know news was
delivered by publications that were
essentially organs of political parties
or ideological movements that's where a
lot of them want to see the media
landscape moving yeah I think that is I
think that point that they are working
to undermine journalism I think is the
key and my answer to you know and I
think it was a bench Pierrot who made
that point in your piece about you know
neutral journalism is a relatively new
phenomena so isn't I mean to be fair
like you know indoor plumbing you know
you know a base there are a lot of
relatively recent developments that we
don't want to abandon yes exactly
exactly and I do think that journalism
you know is the idea of journalism the
idea of of reporting and you know it's
fine to this sort of the the you
mentioned the the J oh gosh I can't
remember his name now but a professor
from and why you are Jo Jo J Rosen's
perspective of like you know be
transparent about the the perspective
they're coming from because everybody is
a human being and you're gonna come from
some type of perspective but the
undermining I think you're absolutely
right is the is the fundamental issue in
this to me seems also and you track the
the attacks on on the press you know at
the end you give like a little bit of a
timeline but this has also been a major
project you look back to like someone
like Garrett rude Himmelfarb bill
Crystal's mom was the attacks on science
were were rooted in the same idea that
that you don't want any type of object
of our burn arbiters to exist because
then it much it's much harder to make an
argument ya know and and what I what I
was kind of amazed by is the you know I
talked to Anne Coulter for this piece
which she's not a journalist obviously
and I don't think considers herself one
but but she was basically pretty upfront
about the reality of what you just said
she she basically said I you know I
don't want any neutral you know referees
in the news landscape I don't want
people who are fact-checking and
debunking falsehoods and adding context
and not taking sides she said I want all
of us to start arguing about issues and
ideas and everyone has to take aside and
that and that's that's what'll be best
for the country I mean that is an actual
pretty popular and increasingly popular
worldview on the right and I think the
does that that's dangerous
it's super dangerous because and the
reason why I mean my my speculation is
to reason why that is a tenable position
I mean and and and I wanted to ask you
one one question I'll just put a pin in
