on the phone it is a pleasure to welcome
to the program the founder of labor
notes author of several books on US
labor currently a visiting scholar at
the Center for the Study of the
production of the built environment at
the University of Westminster in London
a member of the National Union of
Journalists Kim moody on his latest on
new terrain how capital is reshaping the
battleground of class war Kim welcome to
the program
well thank you
so your your book is is written in
basically three sections the the first
speaks to where we are in terms of labor
and in really attempts to I guess
question some of the basic assumptions
that we have about labor today in this
country myths as to the the state of
labor what is the the the the the the
primary myth that you think needs to be
addressed well what I was trying to
address from that part I mean obviously
if we think of labor as the union
movement it's in very bad shape I mean
this is just no getting around that
but if we look sort of beneath that at
the changes that people often suggest
are the reason for that namely the
changes in the structure of the working
class itself the decline in
manufacturing and so forth and the rise
of services are often given as as at
least one of the reasons why unions
haven't been able to to organize of
course the US government then and the
employers are probably the main reason
for that but nonetheless so what I've
tried to do is look at well how has the
working class in in the u.s. changed and
what does it mean and what I'm saying to
summarize it really as briefly as
possible is that yes man
factoring jobs have decreased although
actually the output of manufacturing has
continued to increase even even today
under this slow slow recovery but the
increase in in so-called service sector
jobs if you look at this many of these
jobs I won't say all of them but many of
these jobs are organized in in the same
way that capital the employers have have
always organized jobs that is to say
that people live from paycheck to
paycheck they work under the command of
management you know they're dependent on
the labor market for their livelihood
and they create the value even in these
services that is the wealth of society
so if you look at work places like
warehouses or hospitals or hotels or
other kinds of so-called service
industries you're looking at people who
are working in conditions that are
pretty much comparable to those of a
factory in in most respects I want to I
want to circle back to the increased
productivity in a moment but isn't the
the hasn't the the assessment of the
problems with changing from a sort of I
guess of manufacturing to a service in
terms of of labor has been a function of
the way that the labor communicates with
each other I mean so so if I'm at a
hotel I'm dispersed throughout the the
hotel if I'm if I'm a home health care
worker
I'm obviously much more isolated than I
would be if I was working in a factory
and we're all in one building and we all
go out one door at you know at this
change of the shift well actually two
factories were never like that if you
take a a mobile factory which would have
been this sort of
paradigm of an industrial worker you
know 20 or 30 years ago right workers
don't all work in the same place they're
spread out over huge buildings people on
an assembly line don't work you know
close together they can't talk to each
other well the thing is going and and so
on and so forth a collectivism that came
out of you know industry out of factory
work or mining or construction or these
kind of industries or transportation
doesn't come from the fact that
everybody's close together in one
building there are very few
manufacturing setups that involves
simply one building at least for the
last you know 50 or 100 years and so
what I would say is actually if you look
at a warehouse today they not only look
like factories but they're organized
around you know very similar lines of
production work the way workers work
they do you know as much as a factory
come into contact sometimes they work in
teams to unload trucks and and reload
them and so forth or if you think about
a hotel yes people are working in
individual rooms cleaning them or
working in the restaurant or something
like that but here you actually do have
several hundred people working in one
building quite literally or in a
hospital or hospital complex where you
have thousands thousands of workers of
at all levels professionals but also all
the you know non-medical staff that that
work in these places or at least as
concentrated today as you know factory
workers still are or were you know 50
years ago so that's what I'm saying is
if you look carefully it the way these
jobs are done they're organized along
the same lines lean production for
example is common in hospitals today as
it is in factories and it's common in
hotels and it's common in just about any
kind of
large-scale workplace whether you're
producing paper or services or or actual
goods or whatever because the for
capital this is the the easiest way they
have to have control over the workforce
that requires everything from the old
Taylorism to lean production and now
going beyond that even all the methods
of surveillance that are used on the
workforce in all the places I've
mentioned and and and many more so I
would say that the the differences are
not as clear as people often think
people are under severe work
intensification under the norms of lean
production and and beyond you know so
well there's a lot of pressure we use in
today's workforce I mean for the sake of
those who are not as as familiar would
the norm closure just tell us what you
mean by lean production okay this is
this was introduced in the United States
in the 80s it originates in Japan in the
1950s and 60s particularly the Toyota
Motor Company and so forth introduced it
what what it says is that to make a
factory or any workplace efficient you
have to eliminate waste now what is
waste waste could be inventories for
example or buffers of any kind between
phases of production but can also be
workers and so in a lean production
situation what some of the later notes
people called management I stress what
you do is suppose you have ten workers
performing you know something along an
assembly line or a department you remove
one of them and see if they can produce
the same amount and then you can remove
another one and see if they can produce
the same amount well obviously people
are working harder although they love to
say they're working smarter or working
harder you know and all of this is
measured down to a detail that Frederick
Taylor never could have dreamed of
because now you have biometric
and all these ways of measuring actual
work and as I said before the electronic
surveillance at various kinds now so
that the ability to standardize work if
you look through management texts in
articles these days when they talk about
they take a survey of well how do i
improve functioning in my warehouse the
answer is standardize everything so work
is being reduced to its it's sort of
minimum of skill and and in order to
speed it up so that's what lean
production is it means you take out the
fat in the labor process and you do this
by mathematical measurements and you
know electronic measurement and so forth
this is much more scientific than it was
twenty or thirty years ago right this
was I think examined in that mid-80s in
that movie that Michael Keaton the
comedy gung-ho if I remember correctly
but I'm drawing honey a wide range of
crude version of it but that's uh but
yeah III would love to go back actually
and it that's what I remembered as I was
reading about the lean economy I
remember gung-ho for whatever reason
like to go back to see how prophetic
that may have been but leaving gung-ho
aside for a moment so we have all these
supposed myths that that that we have
bought into on some level I mean
certainly I feel like over the past ten
or fifteen years as we discussed the
decline in in in unionism and obviously
like you say there is there's other
structural factors but people have said
that our the the nature of our workforce
has declined but the long and short of
it is or I should has changed and long
short of it it is has not changed that
dramatically from other times where we
have seen labor exercise power and then
the the second
I guess section of your book talks about
how
Capital has restructured itself in a way
that is less maybe durable than we've
also been led to believe is that that a
fair way of characterizing it yeah what
I tried to do you know is there are a
lot of books
now really good stuff on the nature of
capitalism and capitalist crisis and and
sort of big trends measured you know and
in numbers and everything what I tried
to do is say well how is capital
organising itself not only in the United
States but on a world scale of course
but but definitely in the United States
and and there are two things I looked at
here one is the enormous merger movement
that began in the 90s and and continues
even now although it's not at the same
speed but the importance of that is that
what businesses were doing and in this
hit literally every sector not just
manufacturing but what service is just
about every service industry you can
look at in transportation and pretty
much everything what they've done is
they've undone what was done in the
1960s that is they've gotten away from
conglomeration in the 60s mergers were
to create conglomerates corporations
that did lots of different things and
what capital is discovered in in the the
sort of fire of international
competition is that it actually makes
them more sense to them particularly if
they're going to apply things like what
I was talking about before the in
production remember to focus on you know
the things they do best sometimes they
call this core competence or whatever
you want to call it but producing more
or less the same type of product
throughout the the same corporation so
these companies are bigger but they're
more focused and what this means is
they're actually more like the
corporations that Union organized in the
1930s they've kind of gone back to that
that is to say USX dumped its oil
subsidiary and became US
steal again the auto companies well to
two of them dump their financial units
to constant and as de GE to concentrate
on manufacturing and and so on so if you
can get into these companies to to
organize them you know you instead of
having to organize lots of tiny
factories you you can organize a company
the way it was done more or less in in
the 1930s and then the second thing I
looked at was how did he move things
around how how are the nation's goods
whether they're imports or produced here
being moved around because when you you
look at not only the production of say
final goods like an automobile or
something but the production of services
all of these things depend on supply
chains and this is the other big
reorganization of the last 20 to 30
years and some of it is very new
that is to say they've streamlined the
along again lean production notion
just-in-time delivery is particularly
important in this let me just I want to
go slow here for this because this the I
I found this logistic stuff to be really
fascinating talk about that that
just-in-time just I don't know if people
are familiar with what that what that
mean right ok this was introduced with
in factories particularly in the
automobile industry in the 80s as I said
it's taken from Japan from the Toyota
system in particular and what it says is
in in the the old way manufacturing was
done in just about any industry is that
every every product that is produced in
turn uses inputs other parts and
components that that come to them via a
supply chain the old way of doing that
was the the final assembler let's say
General Electric or General Motors would
stock these these parts it would have
huge amounts of inventory but the
problem is in
dori is expensive and lean production
tells you you shouldn't be keeping these
expensive inventories you should be
moving things as you need them in other
words just in time so these components
come to the assembly line as needed
rather than sitting around in a
warehouse somewhere and so that had that
radically changed the way supply chains
were structured because of the
just-in-time thing goes all the way down
the supply chain each each step in the
production of a final product is to be
delivered just in time you know for
production that means everything is
tighter and also the final product is is
there's a lot less I mean there there
has been a lot more sort of like I guess
smart inventory zng of the final product
right we're not going to pay to store
our final product in the same way that
we may have like 30 40 years ago that's
right that's right
and so the inventories have been a limp
not eliminated but reduced greatly which
by the way I'll get to this in a second
but has also changed the nature of
warehousing and transportation
so with just-in-time
it also means that these supply chains
are much more vulnerable because if you
have let's say a delay in delivery of a
part to a key plan that that key plant
can't produce the car or the table or
the refrigerator or whatever it is
without the part and so this this has
become on the one hand the the way to
compete is to move things faster like
that throughout the whole supply chain
on the other hand though it means every
time there's a hurricane or a tsunami or
for that man or a strike it can affect
the whole supply chain and close down
plants that aren't even directly
affected by the
whether or whatever is actually the most
common disruption in supply chains these
days is IT failure which I thought was
interesting because they totally depend
on you know IT to to keep track of the
things that are moving along the supply
chain but anyway so and they also just
think in terms of that that logistics to
I mean I think this is this is a little
bit a field but this is applicable to a
lot of other issues that I think we're
having in this country you know I mean
just in terms of like I mean food and
stuff like this I think that that
phenomena of of just in time and sort of
like lean production has has really left
a lot of supply lines very vulnerable
