gone from a nine one seven area code
who's this where you come from
hey this is uh Paul from Queens hello
Paul what's on your mind I just thinking
all the immigrations faster than them
I grew up yeah I feel like I'm sort of
replaying my childhood in that like I
grew up in Yonkers New York and there's
this whole big desegregation battle and
like the city almost went bankrupt and
it was like kind of like they'll
I lived in sort of the what would be now
like the Trump supporter part and you
know I feel like I don't know how to
express it but I feel like like the
Liberals we need to talk about
immigration in a more nuanced way to
kind of what happened Yonkers was like a
lot they were they were going to
desegregate the housing and that scared
people people were scared because I came
from the Bronx we got the Bronx is
burning and all that kind of stuff and
you know these were people who who
probably like in their day probably
worked with more people of color than a
lot of people right but they very much
wanted you know this kind of
middle-class community and they
perceived as being under threat turns
out like some of the politicians were
we're lying and making it seem like they
were going to put up some huge public
health but people are kind of going
crazy and you know like the New York
Times and like all the liberal people
were all like bangs how racist by
everyone in Yonkers was all the white
folks in Yonkers were and you know like
the judge lived in a super wealthy very
white neighborhood there's very wealthy
white neighborhoods right next door to
Yonkers which were never affected nor
Target or anything like that and I feel
like like I've structure struggled with
how to talk about this you know in a
sort of nuanced and still a and I feel
like well we just will when when we call
the racist like your phone is breaking
up but but I think
your point is is that when we call the
racist racist that it a lien Eights them
and look you know what doesn't create a
conversation into the conversation right
I got you I got you I mean that was why
you know we sit there and we debunk
things like the existence of chained
immigration and we debunk things like
the idea of the lottery system is you
know you know completely unvetted and
and just lets in anybody and and and and
when we do that I mean I don't know I
feel like there's a reality that letting
liberals convert dollars that I saw like
like it's you know I live in Queens now
and they're super diverse that you know
they see how people control the world
and just regular people but like if
you're in a very pure middle-class area
and someone from a wealthy Danny move
next to you people you know there's no
problem with that but if you are in a
small town and some poor immigrants move
into your neighborhood it's very scary
like there's a class element to it also
that kind of up in racism part and and I
just feel like if we're if liberals were
able to talk about that part you know
and how these people are targeted live
heart you know their lives are harsh and
there's a lot of harshness and it can
come out and crime and and all this you
know there could be these harsh
realities to to life sort of lower on
the class ladder that if we were able to
address those things it would you create
a obviously wouldn't convince everybody
and Yonkers there was a lot of people
who were just plain old racist but there
was a certain percentage of people that
were wanting to have sort of that
conversation about what does it mean to
have poor people move into my
neighborhood and I think you know by
this college people racist you you know
stop yeah yeah but I I'm not sure I mean
I get what you're saying in that context
but I'm not sure that there is a I'm not
sure frankly that there is an analogy
that the analogy
is proper because we're not talking
about you know a housing question there
is no there is no at least in this broad
context that we're talking about
nationally there is no threat to anybody
right I mean III don't think I mean look
I I don't know I mean I think that's
what people are so scared of this
 country thing they they
legitimately feel like people you know
from poor countries are coming here you
know and I I know I live in Greece I
don't I don't know what's happening some
of these talents but you know I imagine
that there is a bit of like I you know
that they are yeah the example that used
Yonkers right that people felt like they
were under a specific threat that my you
know that my specific situation is under
threat the the the broader threat that
you know I think would have to be
implicit in this stuff is that like just
like this country is losing out to you
know the Haitians and the you know the
the Mexicans and you know like it's hard
to address that it's one thing to say
like look here's the implications of
somebody moving into your neighborhood
it's another in saying like you know
your culture is gonna get better because
we're gonna make it more diverse you
know at one point it's just like you got
to fight the lies so that more people
don't perceive that there's a problem
than there is and and and I think
obviously look but I think if you're
engaging people starting off by calling
them racists and your intention is to
convince them of something that's not
the best way to go but I think there's
also you know it's important to sort of
like when you're not engaging them
directly and you do not believe that
there is a way to convince them or
strategically it doesn't make the most
sense to convince them of anything then
calling out racism when you see it is
also important so I mean I get your
product yeah there's no language on the
left I'm sorry I just
well years know the people calling the
races are often well well you liberals
and there's often language of the left
to describe the situation like if you're
in gentrifying bed-stuy one could say
let's stop those people let you know
let's stop the white hipsters from going
in there at least have some thoughtful
process there and but like to have
Somali immigrants going into Youngstown
Ohio or wherever I don't know like to
just need to describe sort of let's have
a thoughtful process and how people in
the community you know there can be like
there needs to be some language there or
not oh yeah 22 a general apprecia curtsy
to on the part of wealthy liberals when
they say oh you know all you Trump
supporters are racists and you're rude
and you're crude but then they turn
around and support policies that in
their outcomes are also quite racist so
I think well maybe yes I kind of what
he's getting at and also on a more
general level I think we have this
liberal concept of racism as this like
if you're a racist you're a bad person
and there's no coming back from it while
racism is systemic and we probably all
have a little bit inside of us so it's
better to think about it in terms of our
actions and in terms of the outcomes
first of all all the totally I think
people a lot and I'm honest about that
but I had a question about the sim hold
on but let me just address that is that
one I think yes obviously if you people
are supporting racist policies and
imposing you know are calling other
people racist obviously that's not
that's not good I think yes there is a
spectrum I think of which some people on
that spectrum are get a bull and
convertible and others I think like the
return on investment is just not there
and because you starting to have to sort
of trade away certain the certain of
things but yes I mean I I think when we
start to hear these conversations about
just attacking immigration it may be
playing on some economic anxiety
that people have although there isn't
necessarily a huge amount of data to
that bears that out it's not like you
know those people marching in
Charlottesville were not people who were
you know they were not situated on the
economic scale or in a certain class
that they may have some economic anxiety
but that's you know maybe they they
still want to be you know part of the
five percent or whatever it is well
isn't there a distinction between
economic anxiety and economic like
privation these people are anxious about
their economic yes yes and but so I mean
I I think look I also think that it's
conceivable that in Yonkers at that time
there was not the you know the people
who were working on integrating people
into a community that there exists at
these days and of course we're also
seeing cuts to these type of things
right that that helped to integrate
immigrants into communities but I don't
know I mean I think that it's if if it
is not clear that what Donald Trump is
doing is trying to gin up a racial
animus and we don't make that clear I
think it's I think it's a mistake
I completely agree with being clear
about not just Trump but the entirety of
the Republican Party and I also agree
with making distinctions between people
who are persuadable and people who
aren't but I do think that it's a really
big problem that was exemplified very
specifically by the Clinton campaign
that if in the popular imagination any
type of like politics of anti bigotry of
any sort whether it be gender or race or
anything is associated even implicitly
in people's minds with a policy that
does nothing for them economically I
think that's like incredibly dangerous
and destructive so I my my thing would
be like we'll do a lot for you
economically and we're not going to
cater to your but conversely if
your
going around and saying like we've got
nothing for you economically and you
need to see more money but that's no but
that's what the caller was in his own
way I think addressing and we could say
like I think sometimes is where we need
to remind ourselves you know
listen that familiar with that episode
in the Jonker in Yonkers and people were
afraid
basically it was a NIMBY situation we
don't want these people coming because
they're going to now that may be born
out of a certain amount of economic
anxiety but this was not a this is not a
politician running running a campaign
and yes maybe there could have been
better outreach I'm not denying that but
I think we're extending the metaphor a
little bit further it too far here I
don't think that anybody should go
around and and and not provide a full
spectrum program for people in the
running for office
obviously now the basic fear no the
connection being that that people were
identifying a middle class lifestyle
that they could acquire for naught when
not having that much money right and I
think that there is this perception I
also studied busing a little bit in
Boston you know a lot more about this
than me but like massive unbelievable
ban embraces I mean bosses were the most
bigoted places in the country and at the
same time there was the perception which
wasn't inaccurate that like you know
this is happening in working-class
neighborhoods none of this is happening
in like wealthier suburbs or areas that
like there is a policy apparatus here
that doesn't implicate a Harvard
professor right but implicates me and
that's that double problem of what
Jamie's identifying of the certain
hypocrisy and blind spots among the
elite and then I think not going into
neighborhoods and being like look your
racism of whatever the form of bigotry
is unacceptable who completely won't
cater to it and we get it with regards
to the economics and there's no motive
maybe lead with what we're gonna do for
you economically and then say we're not
gonna do that your Boulder
I agree like don't make it the tip of
the spear hi I agree
Hillary Clinton's campaign in the public
imagination and this isn't just like my
you know I've I've let's not let's not
everybody knows this about Hillary at
this point but I don't okay but as
and then for a line of argument fine
whatever we don't have to what is the
broader argument that I think the
broader argument is is that there's
still a contingent in modern politics
and in the Democratic Party that is very
I would really like this I retire this
phrase but pretty woke on so-called
social issues and still really pre woke
on economic and is a perfect example
when you fuse together those two message
I don't know about Joe Kennedy but in
each if you fuse together being you know
progressive on social and status quo on
economic that's just a really bad fusion
I mean I don't think Joe Kennedy having
a Joe Kennedy has certain problems and
and and but in terms of like his
rhetoric I think his rhetoric you know
supposedly contends with you know
working-class people I I don't I'm not
sure I trusted but I'm also sick of
people acting like when you say we're
gonna cater to you economically fiha
broad sweeping redistribution programs
that people like Bernie are only talking
to the white working-class like that
helps the entire working-class so I
think well I hope I hope that we will
see less of that as time goes on lessons
that miss miss apprehension or willful
misrepresenting are you really saying
that we can't are we retiring Hillary
references is that what I'm going on
well I just think that like you're a
stealth Cochran I think there is I think
there's a certain amount of like but I
think like you did kill Farage well
there were other reasons let's put it
that way but I do think that like there
was a unique quality to that campaign in
its failure and lack of reality basis
III think so but yeah I agree I think I
think Obama campaign Bernie policies
that's the fusion exactly well that's
what everybody I think there was a lot
of people who thought that's what they
were getting with Obama at the time well
that's another issue but I'm just saying
like there albama actually from a
campaign perspective I actually think he
did a great
job of fusing together we're a
multicultural multi tenant and button
also not a new exclusive way like I'm
into every demographic and type of
people possible and he did yeah you're
right I got a racist grandma I got a
racist grandma I like a transgender bar
owner and the factory owner in Indiana
and everybody's gonna get hooked up so I
