on the program the proprietor of the
uber blog hullabaloo and the writer from
salon.com Heather Parton or a Digby hi
Heather how are you hey Sam I'm doing
well how are you I'm well now we're
recording this Thursday evening we're
gonna play it on Friday so who knows
what could happen between now and then
but there's so much talk about this week
that it's it's it's it's it's a little
bit hard to absorb of course the big
story is the Cavanaugh nomination I
think if we had spoken well maybe not
this time last week but pretty close I
already know a week from Wednesday or
something it was basically all she wrote
and then Ryan Grimm had a piece in the
intercept about a letter that had come
to Diane Feinstein in July from a woman
who had who alleges that she was
sexually assaulted by Brett Kavanaugh
when they were both teenagers in the
room was this other guy mark judge who
was a writer who has written such great
hits like I gave up my liberal guilt
when I projected that a black person
stole my bike was one of his pieces on
top of a memoir about being completely a
blackout drunk during high school and
this woman subsequently said that she
would testify where we are today on
Thursday I think most people know
Thursday night they she is in
negotiations with members of the
committee apparently to to testify what
I mean is that well you're understanding
what the latest is as of you know
Thursday evening that that's my
understanding that they're still in
negotiations that she is saying she's
willing
testify under certain conditions
including her safety which i think is
reasonable considering that apparently
she's really been threatened quite
seriously and had to move out of her
house and that so now as at this moment
and perhaps when this airs we will know
something more we don't know yet whether
or not they're going to agree to extend
this artificial completely arbitrary
deadline they put up of Monday for a
couple of days so this woman can you
know secure her safety we don't know
whether or not they're going to do that
it would be absurd and frankly obscene
if they don't this deadline is
meaningless it has absolutely that they
made it up out of whole cloth it's
ridiculous and in fact the whole rush on
this is completely made up out of whole
cloth and it's one of the things that I
think really sort of exposes what
they're doing here in a way that I can't
imagine is really going to work for them
I mean the desperation that they have to
get this particular right-wing nut on
the court immediately is just is bizarre
to me because you know they're going to
it's highly likely 99% likely that they
are going to get some right-wing nut on
the court right I mean that's he's a
president unless something really
astonishing happens Donald Trump is
going to fill this seat and it's going
to be filled with a right-wing net why
they are going to this length to put
this particular right wing that on the
court is the big question in my mind at
the moment I mean the that is a
fascinating question right I mean
because we look I can understand why
they wanted to do this within a week
because they don't want other women to
show up they want to not give this woman
look all the worst of it is coming this
week right like the death threats are
going to start 15 minutes after people
know her name the the the the
the most vulnerable she is to the
limelight would be this week right it
seems to me and any other notion if they
give up this ghost like we have to do
this now
and there's notion that you can actually
investigate this I think that they must
realize it's problematic for them right
because they look they anticipated we we
didn't see with Neil Korsak let's put it
this way we didn't see Neil courses
people coming out saying it's great in a
carpool and and maybe he isn't maybe and
Brett Kavanaugh is but even still there
was no attempt to sort of say this guy's
good for four women in any way or that
he's nice to his women like there was a
particular strain I'd say to or flavor
to the Brett Kavanaugh promotion tour
that took place prior to this right it
was all sort of geared towards like he's
a nice guy he's he's good with women
easy
you're so right you know it's so
interesting because looking back on this
now just over the last month or so and
in particular the last couple of weeks
in light of this man thought of this so
you just brought this up I mean we did
see you know they brought out the girls
basketball team and he's a great soccer
dad and all this but there's been an ad
that's running a loop on my cable I
don't know if it has on everybody else's
and it's this friend of his she's
nothing she's not a legal expert her
it's just some woman who knows him very
nice-looking woman you know obviously
somewhere around his age I've known
Brett Kavanaugh for 35 years and I just
felt like I just had to say what a great
wonderful person he is he's just a
terrific guy and I thought even as I
watched it the first time going what is
you know that I don't get this I mean
you know it's why do they feel such a
need to come out and show that he sent
they have women testify to how nice he
is and that's not just about abortion
rights right I mean it can't be because
we know it's it seems odd like they were
anticipating there's a problem here now
they may they may they may have a you
know anticipated this accusation in some
way or maybe they re anticipating other
accusation I mean maybe they were
anticipating having more of a problem
with Brett Cavanaugh's relationship with
Kaczynski I mean that seems conceivable
to me the the Democrats didn't seem to
make as much of it as one would have
thought
mazie Hirono did senator from Hawaii but
beyond that there was no one else who
really sort of like went at him about
this but it is very interesting and so
one gets the sense that this week is is
a function of because it look if they're
worried right on some level about just
sort of let's say it's the generic
abortion thing okay if they're that
would mean they're worried about
suburban women Republican women right in
you know in depressing their turna but
if that's the case then why not wait
till after the election
like you know because no one they're
gonna put up there is gonna be a no
one's gonna get up there and say say
this candidate is a champion for women's
rights right like you know really like
there's no one they're going to nominate
who's going to be anything other than an
obscure a person who's whose desire to
strip women of the sovereignty of their
own bodies obscured in some way and so
you know maybe they don't want to do
this in the lame-duck because they think
the Democrats are gonna win the Senate
maybe but I can't imagine it's almost
unimaginable to me that there's a
scenario where Mitch McConnell is like
you know what that's a bridge too far
I'm gonna seem like a real hypocrite if
we if we if we try and you know push
through a nomination during the during
the lame-duck I mean that that's not
possible and so this is really
fascinating that they wanted to race the
you know this happened so quickly I
think the the idea is that they want to
convince her not to testify right like
not even because I you know I may be
wrong about this but I'm trying to
imagine a scenario where she testifies
and maybe the Republican senators can
all walk away and say like mmm not
compelling enough to vote against him we
can't damage his whole life because of
you know of these just one charges from
this woman but that's I would imagine
not gonna it's not too good of a look
for a party that has a narrative built
around at being misogynist to to you
know regardless of how she you know
so-called you know I'm putting this
Court's performs in as a as a you know
in testifying
it really is bizarre it's very bizarre
you know even people like like thoughts
from the New York Times who is Jen you
know he's a very you know far-right
conservative who very very much
you know anti choice and even he is sort
of pointed out that you know put this
kind of guy there's sort of you know
defending this guy under these
circumstances kind of lends credibility
to the idea that the anti-choice
position or in his words the pro-life
position isn't really about fetuses it
looks more like it's about women you
know the rest of us are out here going
yeah duh you just noticed that did you
but this is a big problem because even
if even Republican women who maybe
they're even pro-life they are
absolutely bleeding from the Republican
Party because of their loathing for
Donald Trump and this kind of stuff you
know I mean this just is never-ending
this guy has just sort of introduced
this open blatant disrespect disregard
outright misogynistic attitude and
saying hey it bring it you know what are
you going to do about it lady
you know I mean that seems to be kind of
the attitude here and so you've got
Cavanaugh here it was a perfect
opportunity for these Republicans to
refute it by absolutely coming saying
look we love Brett he's a good guy he's
been a great guy but you know what under
these circumstances in the me to era and
all this I'm sorry
you know we're gonna respectfully ask
that Brett withdraw his nomination and
and we're gonna bring somebody else on
and if they were smart they'd bring on a
woman right I mean that would be the
obvious choice and that would absolutely
be seen as some sort of reassurance to
all these Republican women who are
running as fast as they came from the
Republican Party to say look don't worry
we're you know we get it this guy is a
you know the president is a pig but
we're you know we're seeing a light here
and we're not you know it's not going to
be that bad go ahead you know stick with
us here I mean I don't know what else
they can do and yet they're not doing it
so this is not going to help them with
their problem which is a huge electoral
problem Republicans cannot win without
white conservative women they just can't
they are really they are screwed that
they have to have those votes because
they get no people of color they get no
you know obviously no liberals I mean
they just a lot of college-educated
white men are falling out as well
they've got a big big problem and this
this kind of blatant just sort of hey
you know what are you gonna do about it
is just it's really surprising to me I
mean I would have thought and I think
Mitch McConnell knew this because I
think he was the one who did not want
them to put up somebody like Cavanaugh
and Cavanaugh specifically he argued
against it because there are plenty of
them who don't have his kind of paper
trail and they're just kind of boring
white guys like Gorsuch right and you
know the Republican if it was about
abortion you make a good point the
Democrats could have made a big deal
about gorfeins but it was not the same
thing or so that you know Cavanaugh and
you know we've talked about this before
you and I have about you know what a
hardcore Republican operative he is to
choose him and to pick this fight it
just seems really bizarre to me
that they are so far in the Trump tank I
mean you have guys like Dean Heller
who's got a real race on his hand in
Nevada going well this is a little
hiccup you think Nevada women are
Republican women think that this is a
hiccup I don't think they do yeah it is
it is mystifying but you know there's
also an argument that you know before
people interpret this as saying like it
would be a good thing for for you know
for the Republicans of to confirm Brett
Kavanaugh in light of this and even if
Ford dr. Ford testifies you know from a
political standpoint it would be a good
thing I I am of the mind that you delay
you delay you delay you delay when you
don't have the power you just you kick
the can as far down the road as you can
and hope something something turns in
your favor I mean that's what happened
in this case right and and and one
doesn't know maybe maybe the the
Democrats take control of the the Senate
in you know and during the lame duck
maybe I don't know
everyone gets hit with the flu and they
can't vote I mean who knows right I mean
so you you keep the door open as long as
you can so I you know still count me as
someone who is is hoping that Brett
Kavanaugh is is not confirmed and that
it isn't you know it said absolutely I
mean if I hope no one is interpreting my
words are saying she'd be really good
for us and then he gets it's not good
for us
it's good it's horrible for for you know
Democrats it's horrible for humans it's
really having out of P it who have not
been born yet I mean cuz well exactly
it's yeah I mean it's it's an awful
thing and the Democrats are in a
terrible position here because
regardless you know that there's no
upside let's just put it this way
there's no upside to this from the
moment that Donald Trump was elected
legitimately
we knew that this was a possibility we
knew that we had one seat open and then
you know good who knew which you know
whether Anthony Kennedy was going to
last and he proved that he wouldn't so
this was always a possibility and it's a
horrible situation and by the way let's
not pretend that you know if the
Democrats are able to to somehow stop
this cabinet nomination that that means
that the next person they put up isn't
going to be just as bad over every other
level or worse so it's hard to imagine
anybody is worse than Cavanaugh but you
know it certainly is bad or worse than
Clarence Thomas or anybody else on the
court that that is just the nature of
this we've seen you know they've got the
list they're checking it twice and
McConnell is very much involved in this
they will try to put the most you know
the most right-wing justice they can put
on the court and that is very very very
right-wing there's no upside for
Democrats either way and not even
electoral it because by the way I think
Democratic women are absolutely they are
as energized and electrified as they can
get this is just frosting on the cake
Democrats don't have any electoral
upside to this it's the Republicans who
are making an electoral gamble and it's
really weird because apparently they
think that they can own that getting out
that Trump vote and getting that there
boy Kavanagh on the court immediately is
a real electoral winner and I don't
understand that at all yeah I mean I and
I don't want to I want to hop on this
and and and cover terrain that I've
already covered but you know I
interviewed Ryan grim and was you know
just fishing around because in the back
of my hand I'm like what the it seems to
me electoral II the way you know there
was a there was a a poll and I've
mentioned this on the show earlier in
the week there was a poll that was it
was an internal Republican poll now you
know every time you read anything that
is supposedly an internal poll you got
to ask yourself well if it's an internal
poll why why do I know about it
right you know I mean I'm looking at
bloomberg businessweek right now and
it's a
a private survey shows and I'm like well
it's obviously not private somebody
wanted me to know about it and I'm not
sure exactly why but and not me
obviously I'm time talking all of us but
it said that Republican voters are not
engaged in this midterm election in part
because Donald Trump has said there's
probably going to be a blue wave so they
don't think the stakes are very red wave
and so they do they believe in him and
they don't think that they need to come
out and they also don't feel like
there's any stakes to this and there are
stakes to this because not only you know
we talk about impeachment and we talk
about maybe the idea that even if the
Democrats win the Senate that the
Republicans will put that fifth guy on
Clarence Thomas is 70 and there's been a
lot of talk over the past couple of
years this guy who's not super excited
to be on the court anymore I think
there's a you know if you look at the
way that Ginni Thomas conducts her
business there seems to be a real desire
to make some money in that household and
you know I suspect that if the
Republicans retain the Senate Clarence
Thomas is gonna announce his retirement
you know at the end of this term if he
waits that long it's not inconceivable
to me that he wouldn't announce it
sometime in April or you know March and
they start to look for somebody and then
we have these hearings again next summer
if the Senate if this if the Democrats
take the Senate and it's a much
different story right he's gonna hold on
for a couple years and wait and see if
Trump gets reelected and so there
there's some stakes here because he's
the you know that fifth vote I mean you
know Anthony Kennedy was a swing on some
things but not all things but in the
interim we'll probably see the loss of
abortion rights if not overturning roe v
wade certainly a loss of abortion rights
over the next two years people should
understand that there are every time you
see one of these pieces of legislation
passed by I don't know by you know
Indiana or or Alabama or you know
Tennessee or Mississippi or something
like this that are clearly
unconstitutional in terms of bridging a
woman's right to an abortion understand
these people are attempting to get these
things brought to the Supreme Court and
they're just waiting for a court that's
amenable to them and so this is you know
there there's a lot of wheels in motion
below the surface oh absolutely and you
know look even even if they were to go a
whole hog and overturn Roe vs. Wade they
could go all the way of course and
decide that that you know that its
constitutional to completely ban
abortion nationally but far more likely
is they're going to do what they've
always said they were going to do it
just to send it back to the states right
you know they'll make the decision about
which women have a right to you know
control their own bodies and all those
things that are in the states right all
those laws that are in states would
suddenly become law I mean there's a
whole bunch of um states that already
have you know abortion bans on the on
their you know on the books that would
become law if the constitutional right
is overturned so and look I don't think
anybody should fool themselves they are
this is going to happen I mean this this
court with Kavanaugh f it boat
I mean Anthony Kennedy was holding on
just with chewing gum and you know
baling wire onto a you know a right to
abortion with Kavanagh on the court and
probably anybody who replaces him by the
way that Donald Trump nominates they
this is going to happen Roe vs. Wade you
know we've said for many years but this
was coming and it's here if they you
know if they get this fifth seat filled
with a Donald Trump right wing
Federalist Society judge no matter what
he's saying right now and by the way
susan collins and lisa murkowski know
this very well so do any anybody else
