[Music]
um no I thought this was really
interesting
Sam iris was on Russell branch so I'm a
big fan of Russell Brand and you know
there's one thing in here that I
actually disagree with brand with that I
think we can position differently but it
was great
I mean Russell Brand treated him very
very respectfully as with most of these
conversations I don't know how much
happened I think everybody left
you know the Harris people left thinking
you know there's clear thinking and
brands a postmodernist and the brand
people thought I saw one video that Sam
Harris schools Russell Brand
unconsciousness and I'm like I listened
to that whole thing and I didn't really
hear that yeah but right right I
listened to it and I heard like you know
funny Messiah Complex guy attempts to
get Sam Harris to become more fully
human but let's play this clip it's it's
it's it's worth checking out how brand
handled this my general feeling is that
the Quran wholly is like most religious
Scripture the intention is to create a
social environment where people are
benevolent and cohesive which ultimately
became at all for social control as a
result the way the power structures but
there's more than agent politics but I
don't know I think again like I wouldn't
deliberately miss read the metaphor for
me life after death and there's a person
who spent two years in a silent retreat
I would gather you would dig this is
that beyond the life that is determined
by primal desires and biographical wants
and your imagination of yourself there
is a life after the death of that
individual after that individual dies
and you recognize that the temporal can
never provide fulfillment you gain
access to a sort of a second life and
afterlife the kingdom of heaven is
spread upon the earth and man sees it
not talking about a life after the death
of your ego suppose yes I would say I
would make it like if it's not talking
about that I don't know what it's
talking about
you know and what the value of that
would be let's find before as a manual
for being human they so much mate let me
notice it people go for you did a big
classification system of the degrees of
put a flag right do the school okay well
we'll do that let's go back to the
school I just want to acknowledge
however whatever whenever your reading
is most people most of the time think
that the afterlife is a literal place
you go after you die that consciousness
survives the death of the body and in
the judeo-christian tradition I know
especially the Christian the Christian
and the Avon tradition it really matters
whether you believe the right thing or
not I mean in fact this life doesn't
matter at all and that's what's so
corrosive about this sure but like I
just wanted to deposit there because
that is like I don't know why
Sam Harris like what he his spiritual
life growing up was but I remember when
I was like hadn't become like agnostic
atheist right I did not feel that that's
like certain about Heaven and Hell at
all like I wondered about that privately
and like publicly I might say yeah I
believe in heaven but you never really
like it's never really that certain I
don't in the literal belief in those
traditions is actually like this life is
like almost like a testing or training
ground that determines that so there
actually is a lot of weight put on that
really matter is whether you believe the
right thing or not I mean in fact this
life doesn't matter at all and that's
what's so corrosive about this sure but
like let's look at some of the
alternatives we did we just there device
no barometer of degrees of madness and
the worst types of madness and the worst
way to have kids murdered in a school by
which particular type of madman you know
but we should probably bring into their
mix by a drone me like I don't my kids
killed in a school by it for any
ideology whether it's grounded in
rationalism and or and economics or
whether it's a book that's a bit older
and more a know esoteric or colorful or
imaginative I don't know how to
determine it but what I suppose what I
suppose the heart of why I want to get
to is whilst undoubtably religion has
been used to justify violence from all
types of angles in in different
historical moments and you know Buddhist
violence in Burma and Christian violence
in you know like in the Middle East or
sit off secular violence underwritten by
Christianity resourced entirely from
Christianity ins of Christian Jew
allistic notions
man undertaken by a far-right Christian
president and whatever or you know some
of the more lucid livid
obvious and contemporaneous far-right
extremist Islamic violence it's like how
do we see that as distinct from rational
violence political violence particularly
when that is far more potent palm far
more widespread and is I would say is
the violence of the dominant culture
well interest me Sam habit is power and
they're powerful and for me I'm
interested in who gets to decide who the
other is who gets to decide by what
metric rationalism and religion is
evaluated and it seems to me that the
kind of violence that's focused on in a
lot of your work is the violence of
desperate people desperate and possibly
subjugated people and I would say to
this and I know that you don't do this
but I want you to educate me on this but
dismiss the colonial aspect the the
economic aspect the occupation of Middle
Eastern countries and historical I mean
it for me it seems like how how can you
conduct that extraction how can you
divorce those different types of
violence they seem to me to be part of
one narrative well I can do it very
simply because you have exams just to
dissect out the variable of colonialism
or oppression from the outside you have
examples of people who have been
oppressed as oppressed as any other
people who don't resort to this kind of
violence because they don't have the
same belief structure right so take that
here's here's an almost perfect
scientific experiment you have
Palestinian Christians and Palestinian
Muslims living in the same occupied
territories right now who was blowing
that well before the Israelis put up the
wall who was blowing themselves up in in
pizza parlors and discotheques right
it was 99.9% Muslim right it was not
Christian now I don't know if Harris is
doing this consciously to talk about
modern Intifada and the recent outbreak
of terrorism but if you look even a
broader historical site in context the
historical pioneer of Palestinian terror
was a guy named George Habashi was
connected with Marxist Leninist groups
black September and was in fact a
Christian he was a Greek Orthodox
Christian and a Palestinian guerrilla
movement leader and absolutely we could
fairly call him a terrorist because he
did advocate target
civilians so even the Palestinian
example is a lot more historically
muddied than Harris would like to think
now we could go and point out all of the
various sort of contradictions to this
right there's the kamikaze pilots
there's the fact that the Tamil Tigers
pioneered suicide bombing so on and so
forth but and this is where Harris
really loses it because you could still
have a very conservative reading that
was you know still wanted to primarily
place the blame elsewhere not on US or
Western actions if you go back to the
80s and the funding that the Pakistanis
and the Saudis chose and they chose to
funnel into the most radical parts of
the Mujahideen there's a story in a book
called beating the bear which was
written by a former Pakistani ISI
official who helped run the Mujahideen
for the Pakistani intelligence services
when they tell the story of a Mujahideen
operation that the Saudi that the CIA
and the Pakistanis wanted to do where
they would blow up a major a bridge that
was a vital link for Soviets running
supplies into Afghanistan for their
occupying forces and this point in the
80s
essentially that occu that operation in
order to do would be by necessity be a
suicide operation in other words if they
sent two guys in there to blow up this
tunnel rather it wasn't a bridge it was
a tunnel to blow it up they would die
not necessarily on purpose like they
wouldn't be strapped with explosives but
it was a suicide run they couldn't get
anybody to do it at this point because
suicide missions were considered so
haram by the Mujahideen so you could say
the rise of this is a political tactic
is not only connected to the political
conditions I mean Palestine is a really
shaky example to use because that
actually is where Papes work on
humiliation which Harris totally
dismisses and doesn't really understand
comes most in the plate
that is a literal ongoing subjugation
and humiliation of another people
through occupation but if you go into a
broader context of how it accelerated in
these Sunni groups you could look at
what the prime Sunni power chose to fund
they chose to fund the most right-wing
reactionary forces and that facilitated
the most right-wing reactionary tactics
do you think if a Somali sufi group as
an example moderate you know in fact
mystical form of Islam that has been
fighting al Shabaab and in Somalia that
along with other groups in Middle East
Africa and Asia
if those more moderate forces and
different types of guerrilla groups
receive the vast bulk of funding and
near tactics dominated we wouldn't have
a completely different geopolitical
understanding of Islamic tactics at
another point in that interview you know
Harris said that essentially I'm kind of
paraphrase but that ideas are sort of
the most powerful and I think that that
is out kind of actually really
charmingly
unbelievably naive view of how the world
works ideas are an aftereffect and ideas
are allowed to flourish when the context
allows them to flourish
sometimes that context is organic I
think there is a tremendous interest in
things like Marxism now because of
economic and material conditions but
there's also simply the reality that
different systems allow for different
ideologies to flourish at different
times and if you combined the failures
of nationalists and left projects in the
70s the rise of global religious
fundamentalism filtered through things
like Saudi and Pakistani foreign policy
you have a much better grip and why this
current thing is manifesting and by the
way we on our side can easily in the
last thing I'll say I want you guys to
jump in the last thing I'll say is
Russell Brand is totally right about
this stuff and we can easily in a
conversation acknowledge obvious things
like yes the Taliban was horrible to
women yes there is fundamentalist
and fanatical religion and religious
regimes that abuse people's rights
across the globe yes readings of Islam
Christianity and Buddhism are
toxic and maybe even I would accept that
probably Christianity Islam and Judaism
might have more they're less innately
herbivorous than Buddhist or Jain
doctrines right but if you don't
historic Onam eyes things you're in a
fantasy universe that leads either to a
nice version that Harris criticizes
which is a sort of deacon you know a
sort of equal playing field we're not
making important distinctions or in his
case where everything is these a
historical quotes which you can use to
forward destructive and dangerous policy
ideas or at this point it seems like
since he'd permanently shied away from
policy just sort of hammering home the
fact that he doesn't like Islam the
productivity of this for the broader
debates about everything from human
rights to migration to foreign policy to
the evolving nature democracy is utterly
mystifying to me please jump in guys
well I mean I'll just say that it's a
you know it's a really juvenile idealist
belief that Harris advocates I mean I
mean that idealist in the fact that he
thinks they're like ideas you know or
driving the world rather than the
material conditions right I mean the end
result of all of the arguments that
Harris is making is that you know if you
just sent in let's say you know two
hundred twenty two year olds fresh from
college from America into Iran it would
fundamentally change the politics of
that country right it's like no Iran is
the way that it is and the you know the
Islamic Revolution happened there
because of you know outside and interior
like material issues and it's this kind
of idea that you know if we just
critique Islam enough that like the rest
of the world is going to change or
become this new thing it's wrong and
it's naive and it's a historical and
it's incredible that somebody like
Harris has been able to make a career
based on this because fundamentally what
he's trying to do is he's trying to
bring up you know the terror and the
horror of theocratic regimes as an
excuse for the terror and the horror of
capitalist neoliberal and imperialist
regimes you know so it's a really you
know I mean I want it what else so can I
say I'm surely don't and J and don't
come like the the the the I've read the
quotes I've read the Quran
I studied Islam okay I get it
you coming at me and saying you're
ignoring the hot beef and that it you
what you don't understand is you think
that were pre Harrison sophistication
were post okay you're having a juvenile
conversation I'm trying to actually get
to a point of understanding this stuff
not to be politically correct and nice
the Muslims blah blah blah though I
don't think being that's all I'm respect
yeah I mean God forbid having like
civility and respect in general the same
thing than and by the way let's put on
make they talk about double standards
that liberals have I have the same
argument about Christianity I don't
agree with blanking statements about
Christianity Christianity manifests in
many many different ways depending on
geopolitical historical social context
and has been a force for tremendous good
tremendous good and I don't appreciate
lazy liberal categorizations about
Christianity either you know if you go
to a more classical atheist tradition of
like people who actually really read and
understood this stuff they they
understood they might have been utterly
appalled by all of the damage that
religion has has sort of inflicted on
society but they were sophisticated
enough to know that it played a
tremendously serious role and if you
really think that just being like
fifteen and discovering that a fairy
tale isn't true is the be-all end-all of
the game I mean okay
congratulations yes Gration ISM is not
real nailed it
and people will watch this and they'll
say you know Russell Brand's being a
relativist Russell Brand is he is the
one the dude with the Ganesha tattoo my
man meditating with the expanded global
consciousness is the one materializing
conversation and elevating it in a
synchronised way I just like to play
this one part over again just because I
think it it points to something I think
important yeah extremist Islamic
violence it's like how do we see that as
distinct from rational violence
political violence particularly when
that is far more potent palm farm
widespread and his I would say is the
violence of the dominant culture well
interest me Sam Harris is power and
they're powerful like I'm for me I'm
interested in who gets that okay so that
yeah okay that Sam Harris did when
Russell Brand says he's interested in
power the thing Russell Sam Harris like
to say about ideas is that they're
powerful so he's interested in how words
are powerful but he's not interested
about in actual power that he's never
there has never been an analysis that he
has started and that's why the other
thing too in his sort of game to be
aware of is that if you talk about just
a basic asymmetry of power so let's
concede the United States for all of its
global crimes of empire which I don't
know if Harris is fully familiar with
but is real he says he knows about him
but you know okay but whatever okay I'll
try to take him at his word I can still
say yes there's no doubt that as an
on-the-ground experience the barbarism
of Isis totally outweighs the United
States so the global crime told the
United States is infinitely bigger than
Isis on the ground yes
US troops you know throwing people off
buildings burning people alive raping
children is not point part of coin
strategy okay we we have evolved on some
level right but the bigger structural
reality is that Isis is a speck compared
to our presence in the world so if you
want to understand geopolitics you have
to go to the engines that are actually
driving geopolitics Harrises move then
as he goes okay I understand that but
what if Isis controlled the world
there's a thought experiment and then
you're off to the races in mental
masturbation instead of reality
discussion it's very revealing and I
honestly mean this if you're a fan of
his and you have a resource that you
could point me to to correct me on this
I've searched far and wide for any type
of sustained Harris commentary on the
Iran nuclear deal because that is the
closest to a real-world non thought
experiment fantasy example
of where all of this thinking if we want
to call it that goes which is that okay
it's supposedly the Islamic Republic is
this fanatic Muslim state although it's
really not it's actually a very realist
oriented actor if you understand it but
I'll even set that aside
say it's a fundamentalist fanatic Muslim
state it has the ability technologically
to acquire nuclear weapon which as Sam
Harris has said in one of his previous
thought of experiments might might and
again I'm sure out of context but it
might I think we at least fairly say
might it might justify a pre-emptive
attack if an Islamic regime had that
capacity because their apocalyptic so
out of the realm of all of this verbage
and thought experimenting and divorced
from politics this is a real-world
example this supposed serious hardcore
Islamic state which absolutely by the
way if we're gonna drag those other
issues in violates human rights at home
supports foreign policy goals that
actually in Syria were synchronized with
in some ways and other ways we don't
like that deal has worked a hundred
percent there is no credible person like
no serious person in the realm including
people like Tillerson has been signing
off on this and getting Trump to sign
off on those reauthorizations every
couple of months
there is nobody and anybody in the
policy apparatus who tries to undermine
that deal tries to do it by doing side
poison pills that aren't in the deal
there is no one in the policy-making
world in the energy world who says that
deal isn't happening
so cool I'll do a trade with Sam Harris
I will do one thought experiment for
three actually occurring examples of
things happening in the terrestrial
