everyone knows that
and it almost wouldn't even have to be
same you have a wonderful day bro and
I'll see you again soon
[Music]
we were a superpower we are now a hyper
powered
[Music]
and that is to get the support of the
people we need to help the Pakistani
government go into Waziristan where I
visited a very rough country and and get
the support of the people and get them
to work with us and turn against the
crew of Taliban and others and and by
working and coordinating our efforts
together not threatening to attack them
but working with them and where
necessary use force but talk softly but
carry a big stick just a quick follow-up
on this I think if we're gonna have
follow-ups and I will want follow-up
just a quick follow-up because I think I
think this is important I'm just I hired
healthcare so you're doing a great job
huh look I want to be very clear about
what I said nobody called for the
invasion of Pakistan the Senator McCain
continues to repeat this what I said was
the same thing that the audience here
today heard me say which is if Pakistan
is unable or unwilling to hunt down bin
Laden and take him out then we should
now that I think has to be our policy
because they are threatening to kill
more Americans now Senator McCain
suggests that somehow you know I'm green
behind the ears and you know I've just
spoutin doff and he's somber and
responsible I thank Senator McCain this
is the guy who sang bomb bomb bomb Iran
who called for the annihilation of North
Korea that I don't think is an example
of speaking softly this is the person
who after we had we hadn't even finished
Afghanistan where he said next up
Baghdad so I agree that we have to speak
responsibly and we have to act
responsibly in the reason Pakistan the
the popular opinion of America had
diminished in Pakistan was because we
were supporting a dictator Musharraf had
given him seven ten billion dollars over
seven years
and he had suspended civil liberties we
were not promoting democracy this is the
kind of policies that ultimately end up
undermining our ability to fight the war
on terrorism and it will change when I'm
president at time if we're gonna go back
and forth I then I'd like to have equal
time to go to respond tonight for here
then we have to move on not true not
true
I have obviously supported those efforts
that the United States had to go in
militarily and I have opposed those that
I didn't think so
I understand what it's like to send
young Americans in harm's way I say I
was joking with a veteran I hate to even
go into this I was joking with an old
veteran friend who joked with me about
Iran but the point is that I know how to
handle these these crises and Senator
Obama by saying that he would attack
Pakistan look at the context of his
words
I'll get Osama bin Laden my friends I'll
get him I know how to get him I'll get
him no matter what and I know how to do
it but I'm not going to Telegraph my
punches which is what Senator Obama did
and I'm going to act responsibly as I
have acted responsibly throughout my
military career and throughout my career
in the United States Senate and we have
fundamental disagreements about the use
of military power and how you do it and
you just saw it in response to previous
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show
salutations
left is best we're broadcasting back
live for the people in downtown Brooklyn
USA with super producer matt black who
chief economist David Briscoe how's it
going super producer David Slovak
roaming the TMB s digitus fear in the
ever aggressive ever-growing TMDs
universe on this week's program Ken clip
enstein will join us he's an
investigative reporter for the TYT
Network as well as The Daily Beast we're
talking about a previously unknown role
in escalation of us training for Saudi
forces that are bombarding Yemen in one
of the greatest humanitarian crimes in
the globe
today plus a former CIA interrogator
advising ice unintel talk about that
weekend we've got new updates on the
crimes against democracy in Brazil the
coup their judicial law fair and what it
teaches us about an unaccountable
judiciary in our own country as
Democrats continue to fumble as Brett
Kavanaugh looks ready to reshape a
far-right reactionary Supreme Court for
generations Malcolm Gladwell shockingly
doesn't get it we might tip him into the
gulag maybe that's why I feel more put
him on the possible media contacts to
butter up that sort of naivete maybe so
or maybe it was the fact that he wanted
to actually be a PR man for he was a
journalist all that plus of course a
grisly minute Amazon valuation and you
d sa breaking new ground as momentum
builds for Julia Salazar in her race for
state Senate here in New York
joining Lee Carter and others bringing
real left governance to state politics
as the momentum for change in the long
term is on our side and for patrons the
post game stays global and expands we're
actually adding some new segments to it
we're back and ready to go and first we
got to forget John McCain and we've also
got to call out disabled disarmed do
away with the delusional dead and
dangerous manners based policy failure
driven militaristic zombie centrism
which is going to get us all killed
luckily we were on vacation during John
McCain's funeral and the sort of
mainstream liberal orgy / McCain and his
legacy and look I'm not happy that the
man is dead and I feel for his family
I'm not gonna do some edge Lorde joke
about it but the reality is is we judge
a guy on his political record and his
record was atrocious
going back to opposing making MLK a
holiday
supporting every war from the invasion
of Grenada to of course the invasion of
Iraq pushing for military escalation in
Syria Libya he supported as well there
was not a single place that this guy
didn't want a bomb he was a skillful
media player and an endless war promoter
he also frankly yes he withstood torture
and abuse in Vietnam which no human
being should ever fight but face period
but I'm sorry the guy voluntarily went
to drop bombs on Vietnamese villages and
it's part of an imperialist borderline
genocide 'el US war which killed an
untold amount of Vietnamese
was wrong morally and strategically and
I don't know if we're in these sort of
Ken Burns rebrands of Vietnam as some
type of high-minded mistake of Kennedy
and Johnson versus the Unruh mitten
crime that it was this guy should not
get credit for that he also co-produced
this the amount of taxes that every
socialist in this country thinks you
need to because if you think the
government is so good population people
can be related in any way comparable in
the United States of America then you
need to be paying the amount of guess
Megan McCain having a public massive
anxiety attack because her trust fund
might be modestly taxed to provide
health care for people that was his
daughter who he raised on beer heiress
fortunes and in nine houses we need to
be clear about who john mccain is but we
also need to be clear Jim who John
McCain was rather in his political
record and we have to judge it for the
hard far-right and militaristic and
occasionally savvy one that it was we
also have to note as an example that yes
he gave the famous thumbs down for
Obamacare he also voted for the tax bill
which not only in fact gutted Obamacare
itself but his generations extending of
mass and equality and wealth
redistribution to the top one percent he
stayed in office allowing his seat to be
appointed by a Republican governor
further skinning the wheels on the
far-right extremist agenda which he
occasionally hemmed and hawed about in
public
he's part of a sanctimony caucus in the
United States Senate
most prominently with his fellow Arizona
and Jeff Flake which liked to make a big
show about not liking how crude and
disgusting and stupid and almost
certainly incredibly corrupt Donald
Trump and company are but never did
anything substantive to stop it and it's
the same yearning for a posturing the
ultimate elevation of style over
substance in presentation and bearing
which is allowing for a rehabilitation
of george w bush because of this moment
with michelle obama yes you can see if
you're watching this is of course a very
sweet moment where he snuck some candy
over to Michelle I do have a
long-standing theory that George W Bush
might um there might be some crushes
involved here from Condoleezza Rice to
Michelle Obama and all power to him and
look it's very it's not nothing to have
a Republican leader frankly occasionally
semi indicate that he doesn't like
public racism but the rehabilitation of
him in games of manners ignoring the
gutting of civil liberties a global
torture regime an invasion of Iraq the
peeling away of the small tiny
infinitesimal welfare state tax cuts for
the wealthy as well massively increasing
inequality deregulating wall street even
more than clinton setting the stage for
a global economic meltdown and waging an
unrelenting war on the environment just
because the guy paints and isn't Donald
Trump is enough for a certain type of
manners obsessive last year Emmanuel
macron was the sort of man of the moment
for the centrist posture ER and the
centrist posture is yes they might be
worshipping far right hard right
Republicans like John McCain or George W
Bush but they often find their political
homes in the third way neoliberal
center-right of Emmanuel macron or Tony
Blair or Barack Obama or Bill Clinton
Emmanuel macron Environment Minister
just resigned in a live interview and
French radio because of the McCrone
governments
repeated failures to live up in any
substantive way to its environmental
rhetoric and inclinations even though he
promised to quote make the planet great
again of course a serious environmental
policy of green policy is impossible to
reconcile with a neoliberal agenda that
McCrone represents a McCrone aid
speaking of fascist tendencies was
discovered dressed as a policeman so he
could beat protesters personally who
were out protesting the McCrone
government's relentless and savage
attacks on labor and on the French
social system which let's be real is
pretty nice and why did people worship
McCrone well because McCrone had class
because McCrone according to people like
joy read cut a totally different figure
in public mannerisms than Donald Trump
now look part of these offices is
definitely ceremonial and it definitely
involves the cultural template that you
said and Donald Trump undoubtedly is a
asum vast escalation in a negative and
dangerous direction in terms of public
advocacy of racism and xenophobia and
just general being an absolute trash
human but the clinging and the desire to
return to leadership that failed across
the board caused untold problems at home
and abroad and set the stage for the
catastrophe of Trump and the grotesque
band of mutants he brought along with
him is a guaranteed formula to deepen
the march of global fascism in the 21st
century so while you're searching for
McCrone whose camp whose poll ratings
are now down to 31% whose failures of
leadership make the potent threat of the
french far-right ever present and ever
available in france when you're looking
at george w bush sneak some candy to
michelle obama and you're thinking of
one time that john mccain
didn't agree that Barack Obama was an
Arab which by the way kudos to him in
the spirit but maybe is even : powell of
all people pointed it out at the time
the deeper question would have been so
what if barack obama was Muslim or Arab
let's just note that and we haven't even
touched on the fact that this man
unleashed Sarah Palin on all of us
spare some thoughts for reality and
recognize that the only way to
fundamentally get ourselves out of the
predicament of trumpism is never going
to be through reverting back to bedtime
stories and centrist delusion the
patient is ill and sick and we've got to
solve this fundamentally or it is not
going to be solved at all the time for
fantasy is over and the ultimate fantasy
was the theater of the John McCain
funeral I'm just gonna run that backward
leave just so it looks like George Bush
is taking candy out of Michelle Obama's
hey give it I take it I want to give it
to my wife come on stop black girl
eating so much candy Oh took it just
like my ancestors so what we did this is
the subtext subtext hit yeah see that
Brock's a classy boy he's laughing
because he knows what's good for him all
right guys tee off gentlemen back tanned
rested and ready to go TMDs I am feeling
rested it's been nice you're looking at
McCrone and and Trump I think that there
is something to be said about the
content of what they mean versus the way
that they deliver it right let's
remember when Trump had his famous
 country's comment right just
just recently McCrone said something
very similar about Africa where he said
that these countries have civilizational
problems right and you see in there
there's the same kind of germ of
colonialism and white nationalism as
there is under Trump the only difference
is that Trump just delivers it in vulgar
bombastic language and you look also
another similarity between Trump and
McCrone has been we saw recently that
Trump is now going to be freezing public
sector workers pay right
well that's very similar to the kind of
efforts that McCrone has been following
in France attacks on on their on their
workforce on their public work versus as
well so if you look as well as trying to
introduce lobbying to the game more much
more aggressive business and
private-sector influence and privatizing
the rail rights and things like that you
know just one of those things is sick
you know people in our country they just
get so enamored I don Estate I have a
difficulty understanding it with you
know the glamour in the camera demand a
nice suited but it's not just that it's
a retreat from reality without a doubt
clearly that that the fantasy moments of
its McCrone he's gonna save us I mean we
know Trust and Trudeau can't do it
because Justin Trudeau's just too he's
just too weak he's not credible so then
McCrone comedian he's too canadian then
McCrone comes on and he out man's trump
on a handshake and he you know is
quoting something about the EU and
saying global warming is real and now
it's John McCain and the moment that
they all came together
there was no substance to this I mean I
want to just actually really quickly
give a contrast about I think two years
ago there was a forum in South Africa
where FW de Klerk Thabo and Becky and a
president who I'm actually forgetting
his name unfortunately but he served in
the interim there was a brief period
between Zuma and and Becky there was a
president who served for about six
months whose names I'm forgetting and
they actually met and had a forum on the
crisis of democracy in South Africa
under Zuma and whatever you think of
their prescriptions and their politics
that actually was a meeting of X
president's talking about the substance
of a massive state of corruption in the
zuma government that was an actual thing
and now people are talking about you
know well Obama and you know Bush took
in direct shots at Trump at a eulogy
for a right-wing war monger guys that's
not good enough even by your own fantasy
metrics what is this that you pulled up
well this reminds me of I mean the my
take on this whole candy thing is out it
was calculated to plate to the lowest
common denominator
like literally children understand what
sharing candy is about and I think
that's really what it what motivated it
I don't think it was genuine I think it
was was calculated today we have a sort
of opposite scenario where people are
saying that they're seen in this woman
behind Kavanagh at the hearings her name
is zina Bosch she's worked for John
Cornyn Ted Cruz and Trump and she
appears to be what looks like the sort
of okay okay the white power sign yeah
and and I think it's it's unclear to me
I think possibly but my thing is like
the gesture is ambiguous her record and
actual like she works for white
nationalists were 'king to put those
into law right so like the gesture is
sort of second and she's here to support
a corporatist Huah rage is relentless
war on civil rights on women's rights
and destroying workers and making the
country a structurally feudal society
exactly like I'm much less worried about
those sort of like basement white
supremacist that might get their jollies
off on us on a gesture like that then
actual people in the halls of power that
she's I mean she's a very wealthy person
two people have went through her her
financials and yeah she's just some rich
functionary for the Republicans which
means she's a fascist so like that's it
yeah her hand signals the handset
gestures like I think they can maybe
give stuff away like I'm glad Gorka wore
his Nazi pins so we could maybe like key
into that but it's only interesting to
the fact to the extent that it points to
something real and whether like Bush
like gives candy to Michelle Obama what
real does that point to that points to
here a bunch of chummy millionaires who
helped co-create the catastrophe were in
by crib setting in motion a slow-motion
catastrophe of global Imperial and
ventures wars on the poor deregulations
of oil energy in Wall Street and
that's why we're facing political
ecological and social collapse and they
have the class to recognize that calling
you know Haiti a country is a
disgusting race is common good for them
I recognize that one thing is better
than the other does that make it good
enough and is that the limit of your
political imagination or analysis well
 god help you use me Allah help
somebody like Bush who's arguably I mean
is a war criminal
he's absolutely is literally a war yet
without a doubt the fact that Tony Blair
is advised so I'm sorry Tony Blair just
went to Italy to meet with the fascist
interior minister to lobby for an oil
pipeline which would fret a threatened
ecology of Italy a pipeline that
originated Arzo by Zhang Tony Blair's
lobbying and Lula is a political
prisoner the fact that Tony Blair is
free lobbying and Lula has been
imprisoned tells you everything you need
to know about the utter moral political
sickness of the world we're in Oh
without without a doubt but it's also
think about bushes is just like how
cheap is it for him to have been able to
rehabilitate his image by painting a
bunch of shitty pictures of dogs and
Putin and passing out candy have it all
nerd passing out candy at a funeral I
read if I were dealing with Alan oh yeah
dance with Ellen and she didn't even
take a minute to really hey this is
awesome and I'm wondering have you
