since we're since we're we're in this
mode of siblings turning around and
calling out other siblings multiple
people have sent me this video and I
know it bums people out but I have a
retort to to the point that's being made
here so I'm going to try and not make
this about Jimmy door and his problems
but I'm going to make it against the
argument why would I not push back
against this one of the most exciting
electric competent politicians that we
have on the Left who more importantly
has been organizing has been creating
caucuses before she's even elected right
going around and creating solidarity
amongst those people in the Democratic
Party who are to the left of where the
the mainstream of the Democratic Party
is and building solidarity helping
people getting elected promoting raising
money promoting ideas for free now I'm
not saying that these people are that
that that Alexandria occasio Cortes is
above criticism no we should always
critique our politicians but we should
do so based upon the they're the votes
and the issues that they promote and
give them space to create power for
themselves and look if if AOC came out
and said say in the context of
Palestinian rights like I don't believe
that Palace
teens deserve any rights I would have a
problem with that and I would say that
and we have been holding her trying to
hold her accountable on some of these
issues of course but like we're in a
nice way
well it's not just in a nice way it's in
a way that is productive right because
the whole point is not so that we like
her the whole point is so that we get a
government that functions in a way that
we want she has that power and the base
to do what she set out to do that's the
point of politics the point of politics
is not for all of us to sit here and
feel good about who we support or what
it's nice when that happens but that's
not the point of this that's the point
of junior high school to be like have
your clique be your clique so with that
in mind title of our show yeah if your
clique be a clique the exact majority
report here is Jimmy Dore bringing up
what what is one of the most ridiculous
ill-informed play the complete video and
I said Cynthia Nixon who called him a
liar on the debate quit lying she told
him and now I wonder if she's gonna die
oh she is she gonna tell progressives to
vote for the Democrats version of Trump
which is Andrew Cuomo posit and so the
question is is Cynthia Nixon going to
tell Democrats for to vote for Andrew
Cuomo I don't know if she is I think
she's gonna stay on the WFP the Working
Families Party line because they need
50,000 votes to make sure that they
maintain their line position but
nevertheless continue and like nobody
could expect her to do that but well
watch this
you think it's it's it's worth it so
even worse than that you guys ready for
this watch this what I also look forward
to moving forward is us rallying behind
all Democratic nominees including the
governor to make sure that he wins in
November
I she's a Democrat so she has to tell
everybody that the Andrew Cuomo is the
answer pause it in addition to her not
telling everybody that Andrew Cuomo is
the answer what she's telling people is
that Andrew Cuomo will be better than
the Republican she endorsed Cynthia
Nixon of course but there's only two
choices on the ballot folks of anybody
who's gonna win its either the
Republican or the Democrat in this
governor's race I don't know if there's
a third or fourth party uh people but I
Got News for you they're not going to
win 1 million Democrats out of the 1.5
that cast votes for governor voted for
Andrew Cuomo she doesn't have to do
anything
she will not lose her position she will
not lose her candidacy if she says and
people should not vote for Cuomo they
should vote for the Republican or they
should vote for someone else and split
the votes you know what would happen if
she does that she can do it but it would
cut into her ability to actually do real
things for real people not people who
want to sit around feel good about
themselves and that's the agenda her
agenda is not to make people feel good
about themselves her agenda is to get
specific issues passed through Congress
so that they are executed and the
American people enjoys them and there is
no theory whatsoever certainly doesn't
come from this video but I challenge
anybody to give me a theory that shows
how a OSI can achieve more progressive
change by coming out and saying at this
point the lead-up to the general
election don't vote for the Democrat at
the top of the ticket also she said this
in response to a question about it like
she's not out there campaigning with him
I think this is really important to
remember that Andrew Cuomo is our Savior
he's the greatest politician arguably of
the
even Cuomo right right yeah even Cuomo
is amazing exactly because I'm a
Democrat now and my ears play it back in
the Gillette listen to more nominees
including the governor to make sure that
he wins in November yes including AG the
games a Democrat so she has to tell
everybody that the Andrew Cuomo is the
answer do you see what the problem is
with progressives trying to take over
the Democratic Party do you see the
problem yes I see one of the problems
that they are given no room to do even
platitudes to do even the most basic
hitting and bunting in terms of building
their own political base like making an
enemy a public enemy of Andrew Cuomo
helps progressives get Medicare for all
how making an enemy of Andrew Cuomo this
is after she already endorsed Cynthia
Nixon in the primary but going out and
saying you prefer a Republican to win
than a Democrat now there's two there's
two options one she has no ability to
make that happen or two she does have an
ability to make that happen by coming
out right if she makes that happen and
there's a Republican in the governorship
of New York State how is that helpful to
getting any any of the proposals that we
are hoping for come to fruition do many
others that don't have health care we'll
wait any of they'll wake up Sam we're
looking at New York now with an
opportunity largely in part because of
her to actually have a Democratic state
Senate and a Democratic State Assembly
and they need a governor who will sign
these things Andrew Cuomo will not sign
them in the way that Cynthia Nixon would
have but he's gonna sign them a lot
better than a Republican would you know
what else also really stands out to me
about this is let's even indulge in a
fantasy scenario that somehow well let
me finish my so the other
thing is that ALC cannot influence the
outcome of the election that she just
says don't vote for Andrew Cuomo in
alienates the 1 million people who voted
for Andrew Cuomo in the primary never
mind the other millions now mmm no one
has talked about what a bigger craps
named Andrew Cuomo is in New York State
over the past seven years than I have I
I challenge anybody who is not active in
New York politics who doesn't do that
like on any medium who has maligned
Andrew Cuomo with very good reason more
than I but the fact of the matter is
he's better than a Republican even the
Republicans understand this dynamic we
just need someone to sign it the sign
the legislation particularly now
particularly now and the idea that she
has no ability to influence the other
it's all signaling that's what is wanted
here Billy said that Jenni's one of the
cool kids and she's not so now I don't
like Billy exactly well I'm looking at
the Nixon Cuomo results in Brooklyn went
for Cuomo so like her constituents a lot
of them voted for Cuomo so if she starts
going on just bomb throwing like but
what's the value of it another thing
that always this analysis is actually
that and and sometimes you see it with
some people who follow characters like
this on social media they do start to
attack essentially the Democratic base
because the thing that is on
inconvenient for this analysis is a lot
of normal regular everyday democratic
voters who are going to need to be your
allies even in your greatest fantasy
scenario of a third party vote for
people like Andrew Cuomo and to
basically just say that they that's
they're all just sheep or morons or
their perspective should be you should
dismiss is actually a much more toxic
subtext because even think on the
low-level look whatever take your whack
at AOC sure maybe you're upset
for whatever but the larger message of
well it's obviously all these
mouth-breathing idiots that voted for
cuomo or excited about andrew Gilliam
what are you saying about whole swaths
of people you need to engage with and
respect it's pretty disgusting vote
shaming from another angle well it's who
is I mean but well look I don't think
there's any one thing wrong with vote
shaming the issue is the issue is the
issue is what is going to empower this
politician who has an agenda that you
subscribe to what is going to empower
her if Andrew Cuomo runs for president
is it gonna be more powerful that she
said I voted for him as governor over a
Republican but he should not be our
nominee then vice versa I mean these are
all basic these are just like basic
rudimentary this is all about this is
about power this is about how you get
what you know you fulfill agendas not
about I don't like you because you said
a nice thing about something it's maybe
anything a nice thing about it it's
saying I think a Democrat is better than
a Republican and if someone wants to
debate that I'll have a debate with
anybody on the left about that and I
will debate anybody who articulates a
perspective that's different from that
but continue continue with that is more
yo-yo a it's never gonna happen and be
they get co-opted she's co-op what do
you but let me out I don't know am I
making too much out of this stuff yes
he's already he that was hard to listen
to I mean that was that ten seconds was
hard to hear it really really you
couldn't just wait a month you couldn't
wait until maybe November first I
process now let me explain why you
wouldn't wait till November 10th to do
this because if you're going to do it
you do it at a time well first of all
she was probably asked a question but
you're going to do it at a time where it
doesn't make you look like you're a
Johnny
you just do it because that's where one
of the sources of your power comes from
the Democratic Party and she's trying to
leverage that power to do good things so
if you're going to do it you do it early
because if you're going to do it you
know you're gonna do it you do it early
and the idea that AOC can leverage
anything from Andrew Cuomo at this point
is moronic pour it behind this guy why
what's the difference what's the
difference what's the difference what no
no I'm asking you what would be it's
like why did you know we were why do
people have to keep endorsing these
Democrats that are corporate tools why
does she have to hurry up I know I'm
asking what's the difference between now
and November first well I was hoping
that he/she would push him without
giving yeah so this is exactly right
stuff she got nothing for this like
Cynthia Nixon like some people were
saying well maybe Cynthia Nixon will get
I enjoy Cuomo to admit or to agree to
sign on the single-payer if it gets
passed and then she'll endorse him or
maybe she'll get something and then
Sheila nothing they got nothing from
Andrew Cuomo okay trying to get in the
general election for aoc trying to get
something from Andrew Cuomo at this
point would be like pushing a rope all
the leverage happens in the primary
Cynthia Nixon got Andrew Cuomo to change
his perspective on the IDC to come out
for a marijuana legalization and a host
of other smaller little moves that he
made that were a function of the
pressure that she was putting on but
Andrew Cuomo knows that aoc who won her
primary with 25,000 votes let's keep in
mind does not have the ability to sink
him who got a million votes in the
primary it would be basically just
hurting herself
oh but yeah she doesn't have the power
to hurt him she doesn't really have the
power to help him I don't think
she has the power to help herself a
little bit though you know what all the
constituents who voted for ignition to
that say you even had this third party
scenario somehow came true third parties
always govern and coalition so even this
dynamic of moral purity that you somehow
think will magically be as bestowed upon
you if you didn't deal with the
democratic party is like some type of
metaphysical entity will always happen
because then you're in a European
scenario and you're the Left party and
you got 5% of the vote and you're gonna
build a coalition with who same dynamic
you're gonna go into partnership with
somebody that you don't like that's
literally how it works it's completely
inescapable if you're talking about
electoral politics and the second point
I just want to add really brief to
button I have been looking at you know
Brazil a lot recently obviously and one
of the things that the write used in
Brazil was they actually leveraged
anti-austerity protests in 2013 in turn
and sort of migrated it to a broader
quote-unquote like anti-corruption
politics which was weaponized to only
focus on Left parties so there's also
like free-floating lightning this won't
drain the swamp morality the
corruption it's it become it's we
already have a case study where it is
literally a useful tool of a fascist
movement in Brazil people ask me why you
think this creates apathy and
disempowers the left because if you
follow this line of thinking to its
logical conclusion you are basically
locking yourself in a basement there is
no there is no like it's one thing to
say ah I had to watch ALC say that she
was gonna vote for Andrew Cuomo and
support his candidacy in the general it
made me nauseous we tried to a comedy
bit but I get why she's doing it end of
story
but when you basically say that any way
that the left empowers itself through
electoral politics is inherently corrupt
and worth this day
and worth walking away from an
indication that nothing will ever good
will happen all you're doing is
disempowering the left that's all you're
doing you're doing nothing else and it's
really really dangerous if it was to be
you know brah I'm not convinced it's not
dangerous now frankly in terms of
inhibiting the left's ability to do
anything that's the problem with this
that's the problem with it the analysis
is but now if this was on I'm sure
there's somebody out there who's saying
something similar on you know that
doesn't have the TYT platform it didn't
have their their subscriber base you
know built because they're you know you
know originally TYT comedy or whatever
it is okay no I think it's perfectly JIT
but I'm just saying that's what makes it
dangerous that's why we comment on it
because it disempowers the left as much
as you know the stuff that we see right
wingers saying does in some instances
maybe more at least for me I'll tip the
hat I think it's also a shame because I
do think you know I think he's a
talented guy and I think at points he's
expressed some good values about things
bums me out frankly so I have a slightly
different take on this that still ends
in calling Jimmy door an idiot I didn't
call him okay okay that's a good point
not raising his name and did somehow
imply you were siblings at the beginning
of the segment though he didn't follow
up on that no not there were siblings
but like you know saying yeah Cain and
Abel right so came in Abel why
does he have all the good
farmland you you at the farm
I forgot what is it say no just kidding
um so I am very skeptical of voting and
electoral politics as a route to
progressive legislation directly
I think the way TSA participates in it
is largely a bill space building project
and it has been somewhat successful so
far it's it's really too early to see if
it's actually working the way
want it to but I think AOC was a very
good project for that and I think like
at least signs show signs point to some
good things happening from it but um
it's just not a very interesting
question to me at this point like
whether or not you vote like it's kind
of ridiculous like the way I approach
voting is it can't hurt and it might
help you know like we got to do it even
though we really need to focus on other
things too like mostly on other things
but it it's weird for me to see somebody
who claims to be on the far left to be
that obsessed with voting in either
direction and I think this isn't even
speaks to a lack of class analysis on
Jimmy doors part may be a lack of
strategy I don't know
also we do have things that we criticize
her for right like the marika caucus in
DSA wrote a letter to a OC it's because
she's very good on Puerto Rico and not
not quite as good on Israel I think she
just doesn't know that much about it
they wrote a letter to AOC explaining
how these issues are connected and how
Israel is also an example of colonialism
and how the two-state solution is not a
viable solution right they wrote this
letter to her she read it it was a
productive conversation that's not what
this is it's not even remotely like that
yeah he's marshalling these things to
argue that her project is doomed from
the beginning policy copy exactly
totally different you're trying to shape
certain policy with him he's simply
saying there is no value to what she's
doing that said they say it's completely
it's it's it's basically undercutting
the entire exercise and trying to force
it into that narrative really would yeah
and I said look if you don't believe
that there is any way to get progressive
change by getting progressives elected
and putting them into office like what
you think that the a specific label on
them is gonna make a difference well I
think that's actually where Jamie's
point really actually underscores how
totally incoherent it is I think any
analysis at least in the current
situation we're in that doesn't
somewhat Center electoral politics to me
is invalid because North play that Bell
said that being said like the idea that
you're simultaneously running around
talking about like his perspective that
he's trying to sort of point to his
whole show should just be about like
street actions and civil disagreements
and other forms of outside of electoral
organizing because if you have a
fatalistic view of Democrats no matter
what happens which is obviously the
brand then the other thing is okay yeah
sure let's throw a few votes for some
irrelevant party that does nothing which
I'm sorry that is what the Green Party
is and I don't even see him doing that
at least in the things that we see I
just see him being like see this is why
it's actually bad see this is why you
shouldn't actually be excited about the
first you know African American woman
