[Music]
[Music]
CEDA the destiny of America is always
safer in the hands of the people than in
conference rooms of any elite
they are unanimous hate for me and I
hatred we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
it is Thursday October 4th in 2018 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live not steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal nor
are we in the heartland of America
although arguably but instead I am live
at the mass torts conference 2018 in Las
Vegas Nevada sort of also the heartland
of America let's face it the Heartland
is where you find it ladies and
gentlemen on the program today I'm going
to be interviewing a series of attorneys
who are working on issues ranging from
wages to sex workers to Monsanto suits
opioid stutes and more also on the
program of course the White House has
found no corroboration of sexual
misconduct allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh because you cannot find what
you do not seek the FBI has delivered
its so-called report to the Senate the
question is will they be satisfied with
a report that ignored literally dozens
of people who wanted to testify and felt
they had information that was pertinent
to the investigation we shall see if the
Senate goes ahead with Brett Cavanaugh
in the meantime Republicans are
convinced that this Brett Cavanaugh
fight is helping them by triggering the
mail aggrievement synapse and the brains
of all Republicans we'll talk more about
that good news a federal judge
quashed for the time being anyways the
Trump administration's attempt to end
the temporary refuge system TPS for
300,000 immigrants in this country we
will talk more about that and all this
and of course more on today's program
ladies and gentlemen I am here in Las
Vegas for my biannual so the way you put
it
biennial twice a year you guys are back
in the studio correct yeah we are I said
biennial but you couldn't hear it
okay biennial a trip to Las Vegas I had
a pretty good day at the tables
yesterday I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
brag but let's just say six figures if
you include the decimal points so six
figure win if you include like more
decimal actually yeah maybe closer five
figure let's put it that way if you
include the decimal points so it depends
a lot of to do fractions of since things
look very very good for me we're here
and for those people who are new to the
show the reason why I do this show why I
come here in part it was started when in
doing ring of fire radio with Mike
Papantonio and Bobby Kennedy years ago
Papantonio is a big tort lawyer and
particularly in an era where you have an
assault on our regulatory state tort
lawyers are essentially the last
firewall they function sometimes as like
the posse we saw this in the context of
the mortgage to the extent that the
government handed out any mortgage
penalties it was all built upon work
that had been done
by private attorneys ensuing specific
investment banks on behalf of let's say
pensions or municipalities or whatnot
and then the AG's took that information
I'm gonna be talking to someone in a
moment about the opioid crisis and what
attorneys are doing for that and
contrasting it to the tobacco settlement
the tobacco settlement was actually Mike
Papantonio 's partner fashion the
biggest tobacco settlement in the
country in Florida and very often these
are the guys who are who are filling the
gaps in the regulatory state and and in
holding them to account when it seems
like no one else is so let's get that
started right now Jeff come come have a
seat
joining me now is Jeff Gaddy you're with
the firm Levin Papantonio as well okay
let me just pop up your mic here so Jeff
just try and speak into as much as you
can
Jeff Gaddy you're with firm eleven
Papantonio and I need you to to get a
little bit closer this is sort of like a
deposition that's it okay
so tell me the the litigation you're
working on now so I'm spending about 90%
of my time working on the the national
opiate litigation based in Cleveland
Ohio in front of Judge pollster there
are a bunch of different plaintiffs in
the case but the vast majority of the
cases involve local government cities
and counties who have brought lawsuits
against the manufacturers and
distributors of opioids alleging that
those bad actors are primarily
responsible for the harms of the opioid
epidemic and so is it specifically
I mean I've spoken to some folks from 11
Papantonio and some other firms who are
working with you on this is it
specifically the manufacturers
specifically the distributors it's both
and and there's there's different
theories against each other perspective
group
start with the theories against the the
manufacturers because I know a little
bit about the distributor one but the
manufacturer sure so the manufacturer
theory is essentially a false marketing
misbranding false representations type
case going opioids is essentially
morphine morphine has been around for
centuries it had always been known that
morphine and the morphine equivalent
this is what you find in oxy cotton
vicodin all these other drugs was highly
addictive and what happened is back in
the 90s early 90s the the pharmaceutical
manufacturers figured out that if they
could convince the medical community
that these drugs were not addictive that
instead of the drugs being properly used
for two three day post-surgery type pain
cancer pain if they could convince the
medical community these drugs were not
addictive they could get doctors to
write scripts for 30 60 90 days and you
can you can quickly imagine what that
does to their bottom line and so what
did they do to the products when they
manufacture I mean they just put like
some type of coating on it that
supposedly was time released is that was
that the theory that they they had like
I mean when they showed up and said oh
we have a new type of highly addictive
substance but this one's not what's the
story they told about that so sure
there's definitely a there's definitely
a story there and Purdue Pharma is the
company that gets the most headlines and
is kind of kind of perceived as being
one of the worst actors in this area but
but they introduced oxycontin in the
market in January of 1996 and and from
there there was a history originally the
the drug was immediate release you take
the pill and you immediately get the the
release of the other narcotics into your
body there was very quickly a immediate
rise in abuse addiction deaths from
opioid overdoses
so I remember Rush Limbaugh I mean not
to point any fingers on any one person
but Limbaugh was in trouble for doctor
shopping and going around taking out
9999
dollars that he's supposedly giving it
to his cleaning lady sure sure and so
look at it that's that's one of the
things about this this addiction is it
it is it is gender blind
racially blind economically blind
anybody can can fall victim to this but
yes over time these companies started
adding some of these coatings to the to
the pills advertising them as extended
release drugs the where those failed was
was users quickly found out they could
simply crush the pills and get all the
hi right away what made that such a such
a bad scenario is that by making them
extended-release they made the pills
more potent and so now you have these
pills out on the market which you know
we before were smaller doses now you
have the larger doses that the addicts
very quickly they figured out how to
abuse those and people who had become
addicted from from starting out on what
they thought was was maybe a
prescription that they actually needed
okay and so that's the the theory for
the manufacturer is that you mislabeled
this you said it was a non-addictive it
was addictive correct and the theory for
the distributors like the mcKesson's
what what's the theory on the cases in
regards to the distributors sure so ever
since the Controlled Substances Act was
was written back in nineteen seventy all
distributors have had a duty to be on
the lookout for to detect and report to
the DEA any suspicious orders of opioids
and that term is defined within the
within the statutes and regulations
essentially the the way to just kind of
boil it down to it to this basics is
that the distributors had a duty to
prevent the creation of pill mills
obviously they failed miserably
you know the stories that have been
wildly widely publicized about the large
number of pills going into small
communities in in West Virginia in
Kentucky some of the outrageous stories
from from South Florida some of the
video that can be seen that it's taken
on cell phones of folks inside pill mill
clinics where you have
surround the building with folks looking
for pills those were the jobs of the
distributors was to be on the lookout
for that that activity I mean and they
failed so in and they've been caught
feeling you know mcKesson's been fined
multiple times for violations of this
specific act Walgreens who most people
think of as a pharmacy all of these all
of these chain pharmacies have their own
distributor wing so Walgreens for a long
time with supplying their own schedule
to drugs to themselves back in 2013 they
paid an eighty million dollar fine for
specifically violating this act so it's
widespread bad behavior on their part so
what is the relationship between what
you guys now you guys are representing
towns and counties municipalities and
states so the vast majority of the cases
that are pending in Cleveland excuse me
are on behalf of cities towns and
counties there is one state that's in
that litigation that's the state of
Alabama they thought that you know one
thing that's kind of unique about
attorney generals is they they never
have to be in federal court they can
always file their cases in state court
Alabama decided that that federal court
in Cleveland was the best place for them
to be so the the litigation is
proceeding there is primarily local
governments
there are many stated state attorney
generals who have brought their own
claims and in their own States there's
about an equal number that have not so
so you're bringing a federal claim
absolutely okay so you're bringing a
federal cream and all right well so and
I want to get to a little bit more into
your plaintiffs and it's interesting
that Alabama felt like we can't we're
not going to get a fair shake maybe with
our own state judges because I mean is
that is that am i interpreting that
right I don't represent the state
Alabama I certainly wasn't privy to the
to the conversations that led to their
decision to go into the MDL so you could
speculate as much like let me ask you
this then if I was to speculate that the
Attorney General in
a specific state wants to join a federal
action instead of taking it at home it's
probably because they think that their
judges are probably too predisposed to
ruling in favor of the corporate
interests is that possible sure I think
the other thing that's also possible is
they to look at the opportunity to be a
leader in the MDL and they you know the
judge pollsters appointed them is one of
the one of the briefing track cases so
they've filed the the motions to dismiss
have been briefed in their case and
Alabama had the opportunity to respond
for that and and it certainly put them
in a position of prominence on a
national basis and as it relates to the
litigation so again I can't say who's
talking hypothetical
well then all right with that said so
how is what you are doing different from
the the tobacco settlement what's the I
mean and just describe it characterize
the tobacco settlement for us and then
go into that but let me and in fact
before we do that does the history of
these companies particularly the
distributor's having paid fines does
that mitigate their culpability or does
that help you in having to say like well
I don't even have to prove that they
broke the law because the fact that they
pay to find is indication of that I just
need to prove that they actually caused
damages because of those actions that
they already copped to yeah it's
definitely the latter
those there's those actions and those
civil findings by administrative law
judges or they boost our case what makes
it even worse is there are multiple
times where these companies were were
sanctioned by the government McKesson
back in 2007 again in 2016 so you have
almost a decade's worth of conduct that
did not change as a result of them
getting paying a fine back in 2007 and
they're not the only ones so so they
boost our case because a they show
notice to the company they tell the
company hey the DEA came in and
you're what you're doing is wrong you're
doing it the wrong way and we're gonna
so serious that we're gonna we're gonna
financially penalize you for it and what
we've seen over and over again is the
conduct did not get better Wow okay all
right and so yeah explain to me
characterized the tobacco settlement and
explain to me why this is different sure
so we talked just a moment but go about
about Attorney General's bringing cases
versus the local governments and the
tobacco settlements were completely and
totally driven by by Attorney General's
I mean mop my firm was very involved in
the tobacco litigation Fred Levin was
was involved in writing the the Medicaid
third-party Recovery Act in the state of
Florida which paved the way to allow
Attorney General's to to bring those
types of claims so so we've certainly
done both the the difference is is that
the tobacco litigation was a hundred
percent driven by the AG's and in the
money for the most part that was
recovered in those litigations went
directly to the state legislatures to be
distributed as they saw fit the local
governments had almost across the board
no recovery and no saying how those
funds were spent we see the the opioid
crisis very very different we believed
it
while states do have losses and do have
some damages we feel that the vast
majority of the damages that are that
are suffered by governments is by the
local governments they're the ones that
have to to deal with the jails that are
overcrowded they're the ones who have to
deal with with the attics that have
nowhere to go to get help they're the
ones that that are running out of beds
and in their treatment centers and need
to build more treatment centers they're
the ones dealing with the the
unemployment issues when people can't
pass a drug test because everybody's
become addicted to these drugs so so we
very much feel that it did it's a a
local governmental issue and so we in at
this point in the game in the game
there's so many there's about 12 to 14
hundred cases right now in Cleveland
vast majority those are local
governments they're gonna have a very
very prominent role
in in how this case plays out okay so
ultimately what will happen is there'll
be a couple of cases that will be tried
Oh probably and those cases will
establish a round figure in terms of a
number and that number is in
relationship to the damages that
specific town has suffered we have ten
thousand cases of addicts we have an
algorithm that suggests they're going to
need X number of years of treatment some
you know you know Y number of years of
like lifetime treatment it also means
that we have a Z number of kids that are
going to be dealing with this stuff and
so you create that algorithm and that
number and so and then essentially at
one point at the end of the process the
hope is that that number is presented to
McKesson by court and says this is what
you're responsible for this is how it
gets divvied out based upon how much
damages people have suffered individuals
individual plaintiffs have suffered how
much and I get the idea of like the
tobacco settlement the money went to the
state legislature and if they had a
deficit they just used to plug a hole in
the deficit if they had roads they
hadn't repaired they fix those roads
instead of doing stuff that is a direct
result of tobacco in their state maybe
pay more for Medicaid or whatnot in this
instance
are there any safeguards or mechanisms
to make sure that the money that comes
in ultimately if you prevail will go to
those specific types of programs locally
that will serve addicts you know one
things one of the things that was
fascinating to me was it was as I went
around the country over the last year or
so and talked to different cities and
counties about this litigation and tried
to educate them on it and for the so
they could make a determination as to
whether or not they wanted to
participate one thing that I heard over
and over again was exactly that how can
we how can we ensure that any funds
recovered from from this litigation are
used to to properly address the crisis I
don't know how that's going to work out
I think I think we're too too early in
the game to
verify that for sure but as we as we've
always talked about this we want to see
funds go into three areas first
education we think it's super important
to get into the school systems educate
the kids that the pills and the in the
cupboard are just as dangerous as a
heroin needle and if a needle goes in
their arm one time it's not gonna be the
last second law enforcement and jailing
I mean that well this is not a problem
that law enforcement can solve but it's
a it's a problem they need resources to
get through this scourge of addiction
and addiction related crime that that's
occurring in all these communities and
then third and most importantly is
substance abuse treatment we have to
have a way to treat these people that
have become addicted because of the bad
conduct of these companies
Jeff Gaddy thanks so much for your time
I really appreciate it thanks Sam all
right folks
and we're gonna have someone else
sitting down in a moment to talk to us
about a wage case apparently that is in
Ohio but the opioid stuff is going to be
interesting to watch and they have
expanded the playing field I guess here
we go yes deep ok have a seat okay
oh hi we're live right here okay
so sitting down with me is Steve babban
you're with which firm live okay could
you hold on one second sorry say again
taping legal group okay and Steve babby
from the Babin from the Chapin Libre
legal group and Steve you're working on
a an interesting case that has to do
with wage tell us what it's about yeah
it's a it's a case where we have sued
thirty strip clubs in Ohio for illegal
