we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program the director
of the revolving door project at the
Center for Policy and Center for
Economic Policy and research a Jeff
Hauser
on his piece Dems can use subpoena power
to reclaim the mantle of populism but
there are other topics I want to talk to
you about Jeff welcome to the program
great to be here
all right let's start with would this
piece that you you wrote the other day
this is in let's just for a moment and
you know knock on wood the Democrats
take the house this is obviously not a
guarantee you can you can enter into an
election where there's a 95% chance that
your preferred candidate might win and
apparently it's possible that you know
five out of a hundred times
maybe the non preferred candidate wins
so hypothetically hypothetically of
course
and so this let's not take this for
granted but it's also important I think
to start to formulate notions of what we
should expect from a Democratic Congress
so that we are in a position to give
them the message that these are our
expectations so how does this work I
mean what walk us through this so
Congress has the ability to conduct
oversight on any issue on which they
might legislate or in which it comes
with it directly within their purview
so obviously that includes the executive
branch because Congress is the entity
that funds the executive branch and
passes the laws that govern how the
Secretary of State operates the
Secretary of the Treasury Department of
Defense you name it all down the line so
there's significant oversight
capabilities there but Congress can also
conduct oversight of businesses that
conduct interstate commerce so that
includes Google that includes Big Pharma
that includes the Koch brothers that
includes the oil industry that includes
payday lenders Congress
can subpoena and which is to say request
under power of law that these
corporations provide their CEOs to
testify and any documents that Congress
wants Congress has enormous ability to
check in to what is going on in the
world and bring attention to important
issues and that is something that House
Democrats can do if they take gavels
even if they can't pass new laws because
Trump would veto them oh and and of
course you know we may not Democrats may
not have control the Senate and etc etc
so all right well so let me ask you this
when how does the the demo I mean do you
have a sense of are there like how
coordinated are the Democrats how
strategic are they in this are they or
is it simply each committee chair is
saying okay I have X or Y in my sights
these are the folks that I'm going to
investigate these are the issues that I
want to explore etc etc how how broadly
strategic is this so I think as of now
there are not a lot of strategic plans
in place for oversight for one reason
obviously a majority has not been
secured and so that's somewhat
understandable for another congressional
staff resources which are to stand
across Capitol Hill in the overall are
especially seeing on the side of the
minority so most committees only have
one or two professional oversight
staffers who are Democrats and so the
they are under siege right now while the
you know trying to monitor what's going
on with in the government and with the
Republican majority so their ability to
plan far ahead for what they would do if
and when they had the majority is
minimal which is why I and others on the
outside are going to look to provide
some ideas as to what oversight could be
but the oversight tends to be largely
conducted at the committee or
subcommittee level not by leadership but
leadership of course checks infrequently
and
some of the more potentially
high-profile matters like going after
Donald Trump's taxes or issues in which
there might be a fight over a subpoena
I suspect congressional leadership will
be in close contact with committee
chairs so to use less DC language that
means Pelosi or whomever else might be
the speaker and a hypothetical
Democratic majority would be talking
with people like chairwoman Maxine
Waters who is slated to run the House
Financial Services Committee but
theoretically I mean this is fascinating
and I think this is this is you know
there's a there's a little bit of I mean
this is a little bit weedy maybe or a
little bit inside baseball II but on
some levels this is like this is the
part of governance that I don't think
that people really have an acute
awareness of so when when when when
Pelosi whoever will be the the the
majority leader again this is we're not
counting our chickens yet but we're
we're hoping for chickens let's put it
this way and she goes to Maxine Waters
Maxine Waters and it could be any other
chairperson of any other committee what
they tell Pelosi in terms of their
agenda in in who they're going to pursue
in what areas are they going to pursue
is largely a function of people like you
and so here's my question one relative
to the right okay when the right when
the Conservatives are out of power like
they're my sense is there's a lot more
of right wing use than there are you hey
I want you to address that and be people
should also understand that like the the
resources that you have if you are let's
say trey Gowdy and you are not pursuing
any of these major corporations or any
legitimate scandals but yet you have all
these resources is exactly why Benghazi
could exist for years I mean just
address both those things
sure and yet the progressive ecosystem
is does not have
support for progressive think tanks and
the types of entities such as the
revolving door project house at sea per
dotnet for people who are interested in
our work the support for institutions
that would promote the idea of subpoenas
of core measure corporations that would
suggest that people like goo the CEOs of
Google and Facebook shouldn't get to
choose whether or not they testify
before Congress but they should be made
to do so under threat of subpoena if
necessary there's just much less support
for that whereas on the right there's
concentrated funding to come up with the
best ideas for congressional hearings I
could say undermine labor unions or go
after public employees for instance at
the Internal Revenue Service so going
back to the 1990s there were enormous
number of hearings that made life really
hard for people at the IRS and basically
deterred IRS employees from going after
high net worth individuals who are of
waiting or of eating their tax
responsibilities and that continued into
 Congress with the really just
totally fabricated Lois Lerner scandal
where they basically said that somebody
was politicizing the enforcement of
nonprofit tax law which was just not
true but as a result essentially
far-right groups have now impunity to
operate politically in violation of tax
law because the IRS has been cowed by
congressional Republicans so what I
would propose to congressional Democrats
is that instead of deterring public
employees from doing their job they
should deter corporate leaders from
breaking the law and then no no continue
and this is a systemic issue in terms of
the ability of Congress is under Newt
Gingrich or John Boehner to develop the
agendas that were carried forth by
george w bush in 2001 and donald trump
in 2017 those agendas were built up in
opposition and in congress and what i
would urge Democrats
to do is to establish a governing agenda
for 2021 and 2022 by establishing
priorities in building out the evidence
and case for action in 2019 and 2020 by
holding high-profile committee hearings
and engaging the public in the work of
oversight all right so let's talk about
those and so that people can understand
here in in in simplistic levels the by
doing these investigations now what you
are doing is you are basically plowing
the fields and preparing them to grow
policy in the event that they're in the
position to to for six years out to
start to implement these policies and
you're developing a set of priorities so
from your perspective like give us a
sense of what if if you were able to if
you have the resources and you were able
to meet with you know a dozen or
half-a-dozen or I don't know three or
four the top of the the leaders of top
committees and say look this is this
this is what your priority should be and
it should ultimately lead to some type
of reform program like X what would
those things be well I mean House
Financial Services can step in and do a
lot of the work at the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau I was not
doing by obtaining the records from the
sort of financial services companies
that are cheating consumers the CFPB was
created you know under the leadership of
was a both Warren and others to protect
people house financial services can
expose how Wells Fargo and Experian and
payday lenders and student loan
servicers are abusing ordinary Americans
the House Ways and Means Committee can
go after tax avoidance and tax evasion
starting with the Trump family and and
Jared Kushner's businesses but moving on
down the line to Robert Mercer and just
the entire growth of industry of tax
avoidance in this country private equity
as well and they can look at Big Pharma
and they can subpoena the records of X
Pharma and determine how much
they are making in profits and how much
they're spending in marketing compared
to their research that they are doing to
actually cure a real medical needs of
the country and if you want to for
instance have an agenda to reform
pharmaceutical prices in this country
which is long overdue
you establish the need for that by a
series of high-profile hearings in which
you subpoena people in which you have
contentious back and forth between
greedy executives and the
representatives of the people and a
consensus can form for action so in
other words if in 2019 we see a
committee hearings where pharmaceutical
executives have to concede that in fact
we don't need to jack up these prices
because of development because we spend
80 cents on every dollar on marketing
then by 2021 the when there is an
attempt to let's say allow the
government to negotiate prices or even
to have price controls on on medication
or to limit the number of years let's
say that there are patent protections
for these medications when the pharma
executives say but we won't be able to
develop new product you can say well
look at this clip from a year and a half
ago when we when we when we when you
testified that most of your money is
spent on marketing anyways I mean that's
the idea there right right and it's not
just relying on what they will say
voluntarily it's also subpoenaing the
document so that you can have a forensic
accountant go through the numbers and
determine that their top-line level that
they concede is how much they spend on
marketing versus research the real
number is X because there are real books
that these companies have and then there
are the books that we know of publicly
and there often is a pretty considerable
difference between what is known
publicly and what is known privately and
that subpoena power is so critical in
bringing to light information that the
rich and powerful would like to keep
hidden away there's - there's two other
issues you mentioned that I have a
particular interest in one we were
talking about Sears on this program just
the other day
I've talked about toys-r-us anchor glass
and others who major companies that were
basically just sucked dry by by private
equity and you know indicative of sort
of the the cottage industry that are
being run out of major companies across
the country where the where CEOs and
maybe Board of Directors and a handful
of equity owners are are just basically
running these these these cottage
industries sucking you know it's almost
like legal embezzlement as far as I can
tell but what-what would let's say they
brought in the the CEO of Sears at
Lampert and and said like you know walk
us through exactly what happened here
how did you take control of a company
drive it into bankruptcy destroy the
pensions of thousands of workers lose
the jobs of thousands of workers and
walk away with hundreds of millions of
dollars more money what where what kind
of legislation could that lead to so I
think it can we both to legislation but
also to potential enforcement priorities
for an executive branch that were
focused on enforcing the law because the
big picture strategy of companies of
private equity raiders is to strip
assets and secure favorable tax
advantages that the previous owner of a
company was unable to realize
so basically structuring the acquisition
in such a way that something is more
valuable to them than it was before
not due to superior management but due
to manipulation of the tax code the
willingness to break contracts with
unions or other or workers or other
stakeholders
you know City
that you know given past subsidies and
return for promises to keep businesses
there that sort of thing
just a willingness to break a lot of
rules and break a lot of agreements some
of which we're legal some of which were
not so though both are elements of the
tax code that you would want to be you'd
want to figure out what were they
abusing and what can we fix to actually
conduct tax reform tax reform that would
actually deter destructive behavior and
encourage real investment but there
would also give a roadmap to a Treasury
Department and in an IRS that were
wanted to work on behalf of society I
said like how these companies do the
tricks that they do and what should you
look for as enforcement agencies that
roadmap can would be very useful if you
bring it in public and you have a lot of
angry accountants or some time on their
hands explaining stuff and then the IRS
doesn't have to be out manned as they so
often are in battles with these
companies because you have a lot of
people doing open-source investigations
into activities that are brought to
light by congressional committees but
you also then create an impetus to hire
enough IRS agents and forensic
accountants and the like so that the IRS
is no longer always out people I mean
like the IRS is just declining in size
as corporations get bigger and more
sophisticated at tax avoidance
all right you also mentioned Blackstone
and the effect it's having on the
housing market Blackstone for people who
don't know is I think the largest
private equity company in the world was
that or you know how would you
characterize them yeah and they are at
the cutting edge figuring out ways to
make money that other people might have
too many threads of morality to not go
into so I mean Blackstone worked in
conjunction with Jared Kushner to put
together Trump's first overseas trip
which
customarily the first overseas trip of
an American president is to our loyal
neighbors to the north to Canada
Trump's involved a trip to Saudi Arabia
more famous for hands on a glowing orb
that Trump had with a bunch of leaders
in Saudi Arabia but obviously now will
be more infamous for the beginnings of
the bromance between Kushner and NBS and
all the other horrors with Saudi Arabia
but Blackstone was actually the secret
like sauce behind that because
Blackstone was seeking to get more
business out of Saudi Arabia and they
use their control over the jump
administration to make this trip happen
Blackstone basically goes where anyone
with decency would not go and they have
become sort of vulture investors in real
estate in this country they're becoming
a massive landlord and they are about as
bad a landlord as you can be and they're
just abusing a variety of housing and
mortgage related laws to make this very
profitable for them and they didn't do
that even more with the new tax code
okay all right so just I mean walk us
through that cuz I'm sort of fascinated
by this and we should also say that
Blackstone was I think founded at least
one of the founders was Pete Peterson
who seemed to spend his golden years
trying to ruin the those years of
literally like three-quarters of
Americans by by trying to cut Social
Security with the relentlessness and
dedication that is would be admirable if
it wasn't so horrific in terms of its
implications for people but all right so
give it just give us a sense of like of
that dynamic Blackstone goes in there's
a lot of foreclosed properties around
the country they buy them up sight
unseen they manage them from afar they
buy up enough of the housing product
that they're able to control almost
pricing on some level within specific
markets or what how
what what is the mechanism in which
they're there they're using and what's
problematic about it well I mean part of
it is that they have the sophistication
to structure their investments and
structure the debt that they rely upon
to make these purchases in such a way
that normal investors can't compete and
so properties are more valuable to
Blackstone than they are on the market
and that mean that they we can go in big
they can do out market power which means
that as the market recovers they can
raise prices precipitously for just you
know general reasons that monopolies are
bad they can gain market power that's
not quite monopoly but gives them some
ability to increase prices their
distance from these communities means
that they suffer no personal
reputational harms if and when they act
like slumlords the you know if someone
is a summer might be a bad landlord who
owns like a few properties in a city but
he or she can be shamed locally and
there's some ability of the local
authorities to rein in that conduct and
that is just not true when you have
these essentially oligarchs based in New
York running housing and like Fresno
California
there's just no reach practically
speaking of the authorities in Fresno to
rein in the sort of mismanagement but
the big thing is that the tax bill
written you know at the behest of Donald
Trump who was at least formally a real
estate magnate and also with Jared
Kushner also a real estate magnate is
incredibly beneficial to housing and to
ownership and all sorts of debt and tax
related tricks that can be conducted and
so if you are able to avail yourself of
all the real estate tax benefits in the
tax laws currently written you can make
an enormous amount of money in real
estate and Blackstone is incredibly well
positioned to do that
they're shifting their business model to
really heavily focus on real estate as a
result that's amazing I mean we have a
massive the biggest private equity
company in the world and they are
literally shifting their their
reorienting their entire business
because of a change in the tax code I
think is as good of an illustration of
