calling from a nine to five area code
who's this where he comes from
yeah okay Marco from the disco EMBs
discontent TM yeah we should get a ding
every time being the TPMS michael does I
like that it would be funny yes yes yes
going on the majority report phone
system yes Michael Brooks discordant
system yes I'm actually even calling
with a very TN BS topic today oh yes all
tonight so I'm actually calling because
I just wanted to talk about some of the
positions that have been taken recently
with with the new airstrikes against
Assad okay okay
factories or whatever so you know like
after listening to like struggle session
and a few other left podcast they've
talked about it I'm like really becoming
confused as to what the left thinks is
happening in Syria and what ultimately
people want as like outcome the left is
a little confused about it I don't think
there's a left position I quote there is
a lot of leftist they're pretty confused
about what to think about it because it
is pretty confusing yeah like like for
example on the struggle session podcast
and this is a very common theme I hear
like from Kyle kolinsky like in the
progressive camp too more far-left
people keep repeating that all of the
rebels and the people were supporting in
Syria are jihadists and extremists but
we haven't been really supporting those
groups to be cancelled that program as
soon as Trump came in basically and our
primary horse we've been backing there
is the SDS so when people talk about
like abandoning Syria altogether and
just leaving you're literally talking
about leaving the Kurds whatever may
come after we haven't
these people right to go and do what
they've done to put themselves in this
precarious position in the first damn
place
right so the Kurds all on their own for
the most part had managed to liberate
their own areas and establish some level
of de facto autonomy but we're the ones
who coaxed them out and to go attack
places like Raqqa that had nothing to do
with them and have them go and fight to
liberate other Arabs from other Arabs
right like a liberate either she is from
students or students from and in
the process of doing that the u.s. kind
of really forced the YPG and the Kurdish
elements to start accepting more Arab
political control more Arab coalition's
because the u.s. were you know obviously
envision for them to eventually I mean
I'm assuming to take on Assad because
why else would you start to try to
create a political project that goes
outside of the Kurdish boundaries and
well I think I think that I I think I
think I think I I mean I think it was it
was Assad but I think it was also it
might have been more narrowly targeted
on Isis to be honest with you in terms
of our agenda I mean I think I think
there is I think it has changed I think
it has changed over over time because I
think frankly the u.s. policy in this
you know over the course of the eight
years nine years that this has been
going on has has changed with you know
what the political wit what the
perceived political will was and also
would the facts on the ground I mean the
the fact of the matter is is that you
could not have done no I was saying
Donald Trump did anything that had any
meaning in fact of all of the options as
to what to do sort of doing a pretend
dropping of bombs and pretending that it
was doing something and then everybody
walking away saving face with no
civilian casualties I feel like you know
is a decent case scenario frankly I
would rather there not have been
dropping a bombs but if it's gonna
happen I prefer like one where everybody
walks away thinking we won and
but he dies that's a pretty good one but
I think I think you could not have done
that Obama could not have done that five
years ago because the situation was too
volatile
now Assad is clearly one the civil war
and all that's left is to protect those
Kurds and I think that there you know
that can be done with with hopefully as
minimal military involvement as possible
and some type of of negotiated
acceptance by the United States that
Assad is in power and in return you
protect at least some of the territory
that has been the the the the
territorial integrity of the Kurds and
provide for some measure of autonomy I
mean that to me seems like the problem
is that's income that's incompatible
with quote unquote get the hell out of
Syria III let me just on I don't think
there's a lot of nuance in the takes of
a lot of people here who have spent you
know and I'm not saying I'm not saying
anybody and specifically there's been
people who have spent their time
basically saying you know depicting
Assad as some type of like a victim of
you know crisis Act there is and I mean
I don't think Assad is a victim of
imperialism not at this point I mean to
the extent that he's been a Russian
client state for you know 50 years I
guess I don't know well Hezbollah's dad
ran yeah exactly I mean I think I think
also though that it's important to say
that that there's I mean two points one
is that yeah I mean we go over this a
lot some people find it necessary they
can't just say make all of the true
statements which is that US intervention
in the beginning and generally besides
preserving some protection with the
Kurds is a very bad idea
that we supported through the Gulf
states all these jihadist groups and and
horrible actors that's all true and thus
Todd's a butcher who's vastly
disproportionate
sort of culpable for most of the
violence they're like this is all
correct and some people seem to feel
that you need to have like some counter
narrative fantasy about him in order to
be anti interventionist which I just
don't agree with but I think the other
the other really important thing coming
out of this though is that even if you
look at somebody like Patrick Coburn who
I you know I might not always see this
he probably looks at a little bit more
from the kind of Assad lens that I do
but he's there and he's an incredibly
good reporter and you know he's
basically saying like and I don't know
if this is possible but like yeah
Assad's gonna say but he needs to
release political prisoners and they
need to stop engaging in violence and
the Kurds need to have some protection
like there and the refugees much more
needs to be done for Refugees there's
actually in terms of substance
I think what's funny is I think there is
actually a left position it's just that
everybody's fighting on all these
relative margins conspiracy theories its
vs. like it's become a stand-in proxy
for other are yeah it's become like a
signifier in some way and it's sort of
like in the way that guns God and and
whatnot are and the deficit on the right
you know have become these sort of like
tribal identifiers in this instance it's
like there's some argument that you're
that the only legit anti-war position is
that the white helmets are al-qaeda and
said ah you know Assad is like some type
of a victim and it's it's absurd frankly
and and also it's also it's a stupid
argument that is way too narrow in terms
of an ideological one because what if
Assad is a bad guy like if your if your
argument is is premise on the idea that
it's odds not so bad or that the white
helmets are fake or that he's he is or
is not using chemical weapons I mean if
you're if you're we accept all those
realities and don't want to intervene in
Syria yes but the problem is is like if
you if you are hinging your argument on
zanna's whele it's a much more gentle
case I happen to think it's pretty
objective that Maduro has failed right
but
CIA and the Trump administration needs
to stop destabilizing the Venezuelan
government that's our primary obligation
I would also expand this to the to the
Russian argument if your argument is
that we shouldn't have World War three
with with Russia because they didn't
interfere with our elections well that's
a real problem because what if they did
and so you'd still say no World War
through yeah you've got to base exactly
you've got to base these arguments on a
broader premise that is less about
trying to prove facts that frankly none
of the people who are engaged and these
arguments are in really in a position to
prove one way or and apply psychology of
that it's just a waste of time exactly
and I have to say in general why would
he but I trust Juan Cole speculation on
why he would more than your average he
was and it worked and it totally worked
and he had actually faced actual
consequence it totally worked
two points two points the cause on that
it was a kind of purpose in I call one I
would say to these kinds of elements
with OLS they like to use like
intervention ISM and anti
interventionism when it's convenient for
them as a political point Muslims are
not you're talking point over 1 million
Iraqis have died as a result of the US
invasion of Iraq hundreds of thousands
of Syrians have died I mean in the
course of the last two three decades
millions of people have died just in the
Middle East North Africa region due to
us actions alone I think sometimes
people take a step back and look at
themselves like we are a psychotic crazy
society that's just like rampaging a
crime it would make Genghis Khan blush
with some of the stuff it with you but
we don't really see it that way because
it's our own country so we're sitting
here like I don't know what like trying
to play like relativism even in
instances like people on the left or
where they're like oh it's like
literally in their struggles -
podcasters like oh so Tom may have been
terrible but he kept that place together
it's like yeah tell that to the Kurds
who are getting gassed and having a slow
genocide committed against them that
they would have preferred I never
understand that if you thought naked ly
not giving a about Middle Eastern
it's just the convenient talking point
when you need
hammer a Democrat or you need to hammer
a Republican watches support
intervention of them good do you trust
the Trump administration to intervene in
any sort of humanitarian way in this
conflict though but no but it already
happened and they're there now and the
Kurds are depending on us yeah become
alive and you can't distance yourself
from that reality always hurts
on the fact that Trump is there whoever
the point is that the only thing keeping
these people from going back into mass
prisons and being tortured and strangled
day and night in prison like they were
before this whole thing happened which
is like the Assad regime's Intelligence
Agency was notorious across the Middle
East as one of the most efficient and
snatching up any dissident or anybody
that anything is a living which mostly
ended up being Sunni Arabs and Kurds
getting stuck in prison and never being
seen again right and this is like if
that's killing us like you know a few
thousand people a year over the course
of a decade you dhikr I mean you're
killing a shitload of people it's like
these people's lives were completely
miserable and I'm not staying on for
intervention by troubling this guy we
should trust this guy to go save the
world but a the position taking the
position of like absolute anti
interventionism in all instances even to
the point where you're literally ready
to allow the courage to be basically
just obliterated just so you can
maintain the idea that we shouldn't be
anywhere and a lot of times you know
these things are oh how many American
troops are getting killed how much it's
costing America not about the lives of
Muslims not about how much it's
destroying them or how they like it's
much less often mentioned that over a
million Iraqis died than five thousand
US troops died by a point of time if we
ever win if we ever get power we're
gonna need to be intervening okay we're
going to attract the ire of gore
belittle and the whole point is we're
seeking support the working class
globally everywhere and all their
struggles because if you try to just sit
there in your own borders and pretend I
can have your own pizza with socialist
society and nobody's gonna come educate
and with you and your own elites
aren't going to flee to other places and
then from there try to agitate your
society yes not only you're stupid you
don't realize that by now
I'm glad you brought up the class issues
involved because I wanted to ask you
about that I've seen some reports from
journalists like Brainiac Brainiac
Kollek saying that um the sort of ruling
class of Syria a lot of them are living
in exile in the US right now and are
building political support for a certain
kind of regime change where do you come
down on that so I mean this is like same
as when the Cubans left and then sat
through an American has been agitating
for embargoes and sanctions for decades
now like'em is rating their own people
back home this is the same as like when
I was when I was on the hill I would go
a lot of times to like you know II think
take meetings and whatever and one of
them I went to was like the Iranian
American community that's like in favor
of intervention isn't right so they had
like a bunch of Republicans they're
giving a little keynote speeches and
they're literally like these Persians
are going up giving speeches trying to
convince the American Congress to go
invade and kill people in their own
country so they can go back and see
properties that they lost during the
revolution one day law when they were
that you leads under the Shah so I'm
very very skeptical anytime that there's
like some sort of diaspora that's led
some kind of political event in America
asking them to go and invade another
country to change them kind of because
it's never really that's not there's
also certainly a class structure so
where do you come down then on what we
should do about changing the regime well
I think he's saying no regime change but
you got to protect those people who we
have coaxed into we have coaxed into our
service and the service of fighting Isis
and who are you know who would otherwise
be subject to some form of genocide
right I mean that's not there's a
difference can actually go in actually
go realistically if we don't opt to just
leave the Kurds alone if we actually
decided long term we're going to sit
there and we're gonna protect and at
this point it's wrong actually to say
occurs it's actually the SPF which
includes Sunni Arabs as well who are
actually probably were more oppressed
before this war started was the Sunni
Arabs then the Kurds which is why this
whole Isis than ever not to apologize
for Isis but
a lot of these people had genuine
grievances they were being ethnically
cleansed and being imprisoned and
tortured okay but so a lot of it is also
Sunni Arabs and Kurds right so there is
no solution for the Kurds that doesn't
include Sunni Arabs and at this point
that's a population majority in Syria
which Assad will simply not allow so
he's either going to demand that the
Kurds compromise on the Sunni Arabs
which is not possible at this time to do
and maintain the SDS because of how much
of it is seen the Arabs and you're just
you're just you're just instigated
another civil war immediately and it
will most likely cause a lot of those
Sunni Arabs to drift over to Turkish
backing because turkeys looking for any
way to keep the curse and the SDF from
staying together so that's kind of like
there's two ways this can go about
either we're gonna commit to a long term
putting there and putting all more
troops there but not necessarily do
regime change and we're going to
basically just guarantee the FDS becomes
de facto its own country in the regions
where the Sunni Arabs and the Kurds have
aligned or we have to commit to regime
change getting rid of Assad and trying
to bring about a new government in which
there's a Sunni and Credit coalition
think of it there's no really other
option here there's no there's no option
where we're like let's get these two to
negotiate because long as it's in one
country the second we're gone there's no
reason for Syria to it and if you it was
it was difficult to get us in the first
time without Russia there but now the
rush is there they're never going to
leave they're gonna sit there in
Tartarus and they're gonna maintain
direct controls and pressure on Assad
and you know next time getting in will
be impossible so once they're empowered
in that way I mean that's just I think
that there's magical thinking I think
yeah I think we gotta wrap this up we
got no we gotta wrap this up I'm sorry I
wanna know if there's any way that we
can materially support the Kurds in
Russia well he just said that there's
two there's two options as far as he's
concerned and I gotta I gotta wrap it up
I mean is there uh what can I do if I
want to like donate money to them oh I
don't know I guess you'd have to donate
to and my opinion would be smartest is
to donate to the organizations that are
here and that are in Europe trying to
you know like do like public outreach
and to inform publics here that's that
event actually benefit should occurs I
mean oh they have one of the biggest PR
projects as far as like a floor and
lobby goes and they spend a lot of money
in the united garment and in american
media all right
to improve their image gotta go
appreciate the call accessing stuff I
mean I I think there there are other
options that have as equal chance of
being effective like I just don't you
know it may be the case there's only two
options one is a regime change or to
some type of way in which you maintain
troop presence there as some type of but
I think you could maybe there's ways of
getting you know of negotiating a
peacekeeping force in there
but I don't see I just don't see how
that is sustainable in the long run and
it and it being effective I don't have
any reason to believe that we have the
ability to go in there and engage in
regime change that ship has sailed
as far as I can tell all right
my heart goes out to everyone fighting
rose Java right now it's as a leftist
it's really important that we support
our international comrades and what
they're doing there is really cool
