[Music]
North Korea is a regime arming with
missiles and weapons of mass destruction
while starving its citizens Iran
aggressively pursues these weapons and
exports terror while an unelected few
repressed the Iranian people's hope for
freedom Iraq continues to flaunt its
hostility toward America and to support
terror the Iraqi regime has plotted to
develop anthrax and nerve gas and
nuclear weapons for over a decade this
is the regime that has already used
poison gas to murder thousands of its
own citizens leaving the bodies of
mothers huddled over their dead children
this is a regime that agreed to
international inspections then kicked
out the inspectors this is a regime that
has something to hide from the civilized
world states like these and their
terrorist allies constitute an axis of
evil arming to threaten the peace of the
world
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show I'm
Michael Brooks from broadcasting live
from Brooklyn USA we're left as best as
it is everywhere else with super
producer Matlack Bonjour
head to your Titian David Griscom how's
it going super producer David Slovak
he's in the discord Twitter a sphere
roaming the digital landscape of the PMD
s universe as we move on we move on the
capitalist like this week's
program Meghan day she's a writer for
Jacobin we're talking about why
neoliberalism makes all of us our own
tyrannical bosses the skill gap myth
what really drives unemployment and the
truth about inequality and then my old
teammate my old running mate the dude
that I got started in this business with
Matt bender is here and we are talking
about what else
right-wing idiocy on the Internet
also some nick resistance idiocy on the
internet and then and I know you're
watching
Jordan Peterson people our old friend
Jordy he had another mode oh no the
Internet
well Matt and I if we were in the same
room as all of you would slap you
happily we'll get to that but we also
want to say yeah you've come to the
right place and welcome yeah welcome
look I'm all for eat a high-protein
breakfast get some runs clean your room
now learn about how the world actually
works
it's the Michael Brooks show but first
we need to start with the 15 year
anniversary of the invasion of Iraq 15
years ago today the US UK led coalition
engaged in its first aerial bombardment
of Iraq this was the culmination of
years in fact of propaganda mass
marketing which culminated in
2001 2002 and then 2003 before the
invasion let's give you a taste now of
who some of the prime villains of that
era were first this is tony blair who is
george w bush's partner in crime someone
who is hyped by the same resistance
people that you will listen to today
those same types loved tony blair and he
gave permission to Liberal Hawks to
intellectually support a global crime
this is tony blair hyping the case for
the invasion of iraq in the british
parliament here he is and in this
dilemma no choice is perfect no choice
is ideal but on this decision hangs the
fate of many things of whether we summon
the strength to recognize the global
challenge of the 21st century and beat
it
of the iraqi people groaning under years
of dictatorship of our armed forces
brave men and women of whom we can feel
proud whose morale is high and whose
purpose is clear of the institutions and
alliances that will shape our world for
years to come to retreat now i believe
would put at hazard all that we hold
dearest turn the united nations back
into a talking shop stifle the first
steps of progress in the Middle East
leave the Iraqi people to the mercy of
events on which we would have
relinquished all power to influence for
the better tell our allies that at the
very moment of action at the very moment
when they need our determination that
Britain faltered I will not be party to
such a course so that pretentious
flourish was a main buttress of the
reason that the invasion of Iraq went
forward and all of it there we say
Orwellian too much as a cliche but we
need to preserve the UN by violating its
dictates we need to support
international institutions by openly
mocking and disregarding their guidance
all of the things that he talked about
were undermined and exploded in the
Middle East and of course Tony Blair has
went on to be a very successful
high-priced global consultant for
dictatorships and fortune 500 companies
which is exactly where he belongs
here is George W Bush when not painting
being given a pass by Ellen and being
rehabilitated in the public mind just
because he isn't overtly racist in
public announcing the invasion the
outset of this crime in Iraq 15 years
ago my fellow citizens at this hour
American and coalition forces are in the
early stages of military operations to
disarm Iraq to free its people and to
defend the world from grave danger on my
orders coalition forces have began
striking selected targets of military
importance to undermine Saddam Hussein's
ability to wage war these are opening
stages of what will be a broad and
concerted campaign George W Bush
presided over a global crime in Iraq and
international torture regime and an
invasion of Afghanistan which has also
killed many civilians and continues to
this day
we have an environment now where the
intellectual architects of these
catastrophes who are not that different
in Outlook from the Trump world are
rehabilitated because they're able to go
out on TV and recognize that Donald
Trump is a scumbag and most likely a
criminal like as if that's some great
credit to quote Bush himself talk about
the soft bigotry of low expectations
except they benefit from that soft
bigotry and the rest of us suffer for it
David Frum wrote that delusional stupid
nonsense speech about an axis of evil
falsely creating North Korea Iran and
Iraq Bill Kristol pontificates about
Trump while never having recanted his
support for the invasion of Iraq
Jonathan Chait weasels and worms about
international law and UN resolutions
when he went along for the
right and of course we know frontline
Democratic politicians like Hillary
Clinton
we can't forgive a few bad gun votes
with Bernie but we can forgive an
invasion that killed over a million
Iraqis by some estimates caused a global
refugee regional refugee crisis and led
to the creation of is that's what this
was it wasn't a mistake
it wasn't a mishap it was a crime it's a
crime that we all live with the burden
of the most particularly Iraqis whose
limbs were blown apart whose homes were
destroyed who had to flee their country
and of course the veterans who died have
PTSD missing arms and legs and eyesight
for these people's delusional stupid
grotesque ideological or narrow
self-interested adventurism none of
those things have worked out better we
have an entrenched apartheid in Israel
Palestine and none of these people have
the excuse of saying that there weren't
people saying that this was wrong at the
time george w bush dismissed protesters
on the streets united states millions of
people going against a authoritarian
environment where almost nobody was
allowed to go on TV and make the
alternative case where people like
andrew sullivan call people who opposed
the invasion compared them to a fifth
column in the united states this
environment people protested and of
course we had world leaders yashka
Fisher who was Germany's foreign
minister said this to Donald Rumsfeld's
face at the Munich Security Forum and
look at Rumsfeld's look of disgust while
Fisher tells him that he is not
convinced no mine again about Sue Anne
Hurd Abigail and you have to make the
case and to make a case in the democracy
you must convince by yourself excuse me
I'm not convinced this is my problem and
I cannot go to the public and say oh
well let's go to war because there are
reasons and so on and I don't believe in
Joschka Fischer was clear and now Nelson
Mandela the most preeminent leader in
the world there was a parallel track
also that went along with this at the
time this was recently reported on the
government of Thabo Mbeki who is Nelson
Mandela's successor was working with the
South African intelligence agencies
because of the connections with the
Saddam regime going back to the
apartheid era to document that their
chemical weapons and WMD programs were
over and done the Bush administration
didn't want to hear a thing about the
parallel track South African
investigation so that was happening on a
policy level and Nelson Mandela had this
to say at the time what we do should not
be done by anybody and if there is a
country that has committed unspeakable
atrocities in the world it is the United
States of America they don't care they
don't care for the humans
for human beings fifty-seven years ago
when Japan was retreating on all fronts
they decided in Hiroshima and Nagasaki
killed a lot of innocent people who are
still suffering from the effects of the
first bomb were not aimed against the
Japanese they were aimed against the
Soviet Union to say look this is the
power that who has if you dare oppose
what we do this is what is going to
happen to you because they are so
arrogant they decided to kill innocent
people in Japan who are still suffering
from that who are they now to pretend
that yet upon us
what I'm for doneness what I'm
predominant is that one power with a
president who has no fault who cannot
think properly is now wanted to blood
the world into a Holocaust and I'm happy
that that people went especially those
of United States of America us standing
up and opposing pay our own president I
hope that opposition when one day make
him understand Patty has made the
greatest mistake of his life
I remember the lies I remember the
drumbeat I remember the implication that
you hated your country if you didn't
support this rush to destroy Iraq based
on fantasies militarism delusion greed
and fanaticism and I'll always remember
the people who hyped that war the people
who co-signed on it the people who
supported it and the people who paved
the way because if we don't we will
continue to degrade the standards we
will continue to allow a global system
to mire under might makes right and
another couple of terms another couple
of decades will be looking back and
being like you know remember how a Trump
would occasionally say some nice things
about people occasionally pretend that
he cared about civilian casualties those
were the days because the guy we have
now is so much worse
that's Bush Iraq and the Wall Street
financial crisis where the two core
events that melted the corrupt
technocratic oligarchic consensus we're
living with that consequence today with
the right-wing far-right backlash Trump
brexit Modi all of that the only other
option is it
genuine left and the type of solidarity
that Mandela talked about there so
remember it never forget that crime and
there's no excuse it was known then you
had that information then period now if
you taste stay tuned for the next
segment we're gonna be talking with max
boot about why Trump is degrading the
office and we're doing a segment on woke
interventionism let's get to the shout
out really quick we can just do if you
want to just do a shout out just a shout
out shout out all right so look two shot
two shots I love the title we need to
switch that up maybe you know what Dan
turkey I don't want to get greedy but if
Dan turkey could give us a shout out
beat that would be ill Larry krasner the
new Philly DA is the real deal he came
in there and started firing people and
cleaning up shop we played that clip and
celebrated that move a couple of weeks
ago and he has just released a new
policies directive which actually was
put out in February but has been
released to the public today which Shaun
King is calling a absolute game changer
I'll just quote from Shaun King really
briefly all of that is big but nothing
is as essential and revolutionary as the
internal five-page guiding document of
new policies that Krasner's sent to his
staff well the document appears to have
been sent to the staff of the Philly
DA's office in February 15 2018 it only
has become the public a week ago I
studied prosecutors for fun and a living
I'm that type of guy and he goes on to
explain the incredible step here that
Krasner's taking I'm actually just gonna
quote briefly from this document we're
gonna do more coverage on it but he says
decline certain charges do not charge
possession of marijuana or cannabis
regardless of weight
do not charge any offense related to the
paraphernalia or buying from a person
where drug involved is marijuana do not
charge prostitute cases against sex
workers where a person who has been
arrested has two or no prostitution and
convictions withdraw all pending cases
in these categories individuals who have
three or more convictions shall be
charged he does say that then he's
talking about lowering charge lower
gradations for certain offenses so in
other words seek less fuller punishments
obviously divert more all attorneys are
directed to approach diversion and
reentry with greater flexibility and eye
towards achieving accountability and
injustice while avoiding convictions
were appropriate for example an
otherwise law-abiding and responsible
gun owner who's arrested because he does
not have a permit to fire a pie to buy a
firearm may apply for individual
consideration for diversion and he goes
on to list other things involving drunk
driving and cannabis he also talks about
the probation which was implicated in
the Meek Mill case which was an
incredible shocking over sentence and
this is actually a kind of a broader
push that he goes into on reducing
sentencing and it opens this way again
briefly United States is the highest
rate of incarceration in the world it is
increased over 500% in the past over a
few decades Pennsylvania and
Philadelphia have been incarcerated even
higher rate than comparable US states
and cities for decades and a seven
hundred percent increase over the same
few decades in Pennsylvania in
Philadelphia recent years has been the
most incarcerated of the ten largest
cities yet Pennsylvania and Philadelphia
are not safe as a result in talking
about the financial and then he goes on
to actually talk about the financial
cost to the taxpayer in harsh sentences
and then he goes on to say facts you
should know and consider in making your
recommendation the actual cost including
pension and other benefits the
correctional employees and he sort of
think ends up basically the cost of an
unnecessary incarceration at 40
2:42 is in the range of the cost of one
year's salary for a beginning teacher
police officer firefighter firefighter
or social worker that's between forty
two thousand sixty thousand dollars you
may use these comparisons and record and
then he goes on to explain how this
information can be used in reducing
sentencing and there's several other key
areas in this document but this is
somebody who ran on a clear agenda and
is implementing it with no and
he's doing a shock doctrine on the
forces of reaction one other thing I
want to include then we'll get to Megan
date really quickly this from the
amazing discord community we have there
is organizing going on at this core
community and one group is organizing
action on behalf of home care services
in California basically people in
California I don't want to sort of I'm
not sure how much specifics get into you
but people in California who need home
care assistance but are on medical and
not privately insured they get less
money from the private home care
services for taking them on and that
means people can be often left without
vital attention including particularly
on overnights so the group is basically
in California designed to put pressure
on state reps to try to do something and
create accountability legally in policy
wise in that area so the twitter handle
to check is dub is a twitter it's at
home care our way and the website is
www.antakungfu.com
[Music]
we're gonna go we're just gonna take
their the show is growing I
appreciate all of you
animations are I saw the mock-up of
Obama and a bow tie and a fez the first
one's gonna be ready we're gonna ship it
next week we're thinking about our gold
what's what are we gonna do and we hit
2,000 that's our main next stretch goal
the last group call with Jabari
Bridgeport on how to run for public
office is actually available to all
patrons so a lot of you showed up it's a
great reason to come in at that higher
level we're hosting educational calls
more direct Q&A with me and actually
cooking up some other more sort of
entertainment oriented things as well so
you know what it is I appreciate all of
you thanks for spreading the word things
are moving on we're committed to every
aspect of this journey and campaign I
appreciate all of you patreon.com slash
TMDs where else you gonna get all this
and we will never ever ever ever give in
to anybody that would justify anything
involving rock financial crimes of
anything else we won completely
independently we're dependent on you and
that's the way we always want it patron
complex will be right back with Megan
day
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
how's the very weird time for hip-hop
welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
joining us now is noted 50-cent fan I'm
just kidding I'm making that up that's
fake news or maybe not and staff writer
for Jacobin magazine Megan day Megan
thanks so much for being with us yeah
thanks for having me Megan you have a
couple of new pieces
dealing first let's deal em big picture
with this idea of neoliberalism making
each of us our own bosses I've heard
this rhetoric before but it's actually
usually been phrased as this is
liberation you get to set your own
destiny and you've kind of framed it as
now we're sort of our own kind of
wardens in a way can you explain that
yeah basically neoliberalism has since
the mid 1970s neoliberal you know
political economic regimes have
basically replaced things like public
ownership and collective bargaining with
things like deregulation and
privatization which you know these
things promote the individual over the
group and the sort of fabric of society
business creates you know competition
between workers that's that's really a
big important part of neoliberalism is
