[Music]
Donald Trump explaining that I'm sorry
that and in terms of the parkland
shooter he said this I guess that
yesterday and we mentioned it on air but
the the full the full quote is is really
impressive here is Donald Trump
explaining how offended he is by the
sheriff who or the deputy who didn't go
in there with a handgun when there was
reports of at least one shooter with an
ar-15 assault rifle good security guards
better armed plus you know I got to
watch some deputy sheriff's performing
this weekend they weren't exactly Medal
of Honor winners alright the way they
performed was frankly disgusting they
were listening to what was going on the
one in particular he was then he was
earlier than you had three others that
probably a similar deal a little bit
later but a similar kind of a thing you
know I really believe you don't know
until you test it but I think I really
believe I'd run into even if I didn't
have a weapon and I think most of the
people in this room would have done that
too because I know most of you you know
very new yorky almost jewy but it didn't
you do it too I think anyone that's like
he's like y'all know I'm lying I'm lying
but I would like Mike to mention this in
the next cabinet meeting that I would do
that Mike I'm gonna want you to talk
about how I would save this school next
time thing I mean let you know you know
what I'm saying I mean not exactly of it
metaphorically speaking good thing
earlier then you had three others that
probably a similar deal a little bit
later but a similar kind of a thing you
know I really believe you don't know
until you test it but I think I
I really believe I'd run into even if I
didn't have a weapon and I think most of
the people in this room would have done
that too because I know most of you yeah
but the way they performed was was
really a disgrace second we must
confront the issue of mental health yeah
I agree with that
yep cosign should we go back and play
the video again where he won't share his
umbrella with his own child well look
that's going in without guns but this is
rain water look rain and stares at one
thing but some kid with a machine gun I
mean come on I am a man now fortunately
there's no way to test it you can test
it I wish you tested because of course
if I was there I would run in and then
they would say mr. president we have to
tackle you can't let you go maybe like
30 years ago and he was younger he might
demand that they were on a simulation
for him or he could fake protect the
school in the White House 30 rock and
they said Tracy Morgan to the moon and
it was all simulated they got a fake
high school shooting for him to rescue
and I love how yes they like pretend
like yes and remember I'm looking at was
he who is he talking to you like Maggie
Haberman in the whole press corps like
Oh Maggie I know you know I think I
think you didn't even I think even that
Maggie Haberman open in just
incidentally I fell back on it guess who
was not obviously in the room this is
ben Carson explaining is this one he
explained how he had a gun pulled on him
one time I know this is a bit earlier
about how he would react a fuse actually
in the situation yes Ben Carson would
react in the situation he told them
softly I would not just stand there and
then I'm shoot me I would say hey guys
everybody attack him he may shoot me but
he can't get us all yeah it's not really
a party you're like I told the shooting
he's gonna have time in his slow drip
trip voice to like or rate like bullets
are flying hey guys hold on could you
stop shooting for a second hey guys
let's all team up and tackle him well
alright let's just assume like you know
I think the fact that matter is is if 10
if 10 kids decided to go charge this guy
I would say a good eight or nine of them
if not 10 would have been
that's the whole point automatic that's
a numbers game but at least they'd be
riding a dime now but wait a second
let's not judge Ben Carson too harshly
maybe his strategy is not right does he
have any other alternative strategies -
danger checking with a gun exactly ben
Carson looks at Ben Carson and says hold
my beer
so revealed that he once faced a gunman
himself during a stick-up at a Popeye's
fast-food restaurant when he was a young
medical resident in Baltimore you have
had a gun held on me your guy comes in
puts the gun in my ribs and I I just
said I believe that you want the guy
behind the counter he said oh okay
why are you shooting up a high school
don't you want to beat Newtown there is
a preschool close by they don't run as
fast as us and it will be much more
shocking in terms of the news coverage I
mean I do believe that he would try to
redirect the bullets to some like menial
worker and his menial workers I'm
talking about PS 119 it's a whole
preschool why are you doing the high
school less like time more explosive
headlines I'm only trying to help you
here is Frank Luntz he's with a group of
NRA members and I don't know what I mean
it just to give you a sense of of what's
really behind guns rights right I mean
and and for a while it was weird it's
completely gone away but like the
deficit fervor was also sort of like a
cultural touchstone but Barack Obama
said it best right he grabbed they
grabbed their guns their God and there
was a link to their guns and God here it
is and their religion your family if you
want to gun great but I feel like the
rules to get to get there need to be
changed
I'm not saying that we shouldn't have
guns
and I'm saying that there's certain guns
that we shouldn't have does that make
sense it's a cultural problem how does
that get solved values have to be
reinstalled simple as that you can't put
bans on guns it's ridiculous
these are outbursts that are expressions
of personal pain this is people who it's
not personal but to others you cannot
stop well wait a minute I disagree with
you it can be stopped why are they going
to schools because the school is a
gun-free zone it's a victim rich
environment are you suggesting that we
put more guns in schools absolutely no
why is it that the NRA has the image
that it has this thing we're a bunch of
hillbillies and what are you we're
people that believe in the fundamental
right to defend ourselves
does that include weapons that can kill
50 people in 90 seconds
that's misusing the weapons that's not
using it for what they're in why do we
need those weapons because as soon as
you go in there with the regulations
it's a slippery slope it's like hey oh I
can make this justification why you
can't have that weapon now I just try to
move to the next one so you you have to
start somewhere
defending your right there you go it's a
slippery slope folks a total slippery
snow total slippery slope if you in fact
this is all a function of all this gun
control talk is a function of us
outlying private ownership of tanks
right and of bazookas if you got
suitcase nukes this wouldn't even be a
conversation this we would first of all
if you could have tanks you just put the
tank in front of the school you drive it
in front every day they can't get in but
that wouldn't look good so maybe I'd
want to teach you who trained and having
tank driving I'm a bazooka who's a Kuh
produced chemical weapon the problem is
we don't allow private ownership of
Agent Orange there was actually one time
this reminds me of one of trumps classic
Stern appearances where he was talking
about how like hey the way to protect
planes from 9/11 would be like when the
when the the terrorists was gonna
breaking the cockpit there would be
sleeping gas I got some good ideas from
this movie come home alone is this
brilliant movie but I you know by the
way I was in home alone - anyway it's
Macaulay Culkin as this whole if you
could do that what what we do is set a
hot iron right above the entrance of the
cockpit and the guy tries to force it it
hits him in the surface it's right over
side of the face that I believe me I
don't think I think you'll be seeing a
lot fewer terrorists how much you wanna
bet there was how many people were in
that room would you say well I mean why
would you say that we're in that room of
the NRA supporters right there all NRA
people right in this how many of the or
former ok so there's some former think
about it does we're like what these
people are and I was a Scientology I'm
gone a dozen let's call 15 let's just be
generous 15 active NRA members
apparently three or four of whom are
members of a minority group in this
country would does anybody imagined that
thirty some-odd percent of the NRA
membership is is is anything but that is
that is I I find that it's possible I
guess there is and I mean I think
obviously like my sort of broader
sympathy like I totally understand why
if you were black in this country as an
example you'd want to own a gun but it's
like well I find it hard to believe you
would be a member of the end I find it
hard so that's what I'm saying the NRA
is specifically and you mean going back
to well the reason they supported Reagan
passing gun control legislation because
the Black Panthers were using carry and
push it that's why they showed up at at
Town Hall city hall meetings in Oakland
with with shotguns well I mean that all
raised interesting right because happy
hopping also a very bad opponent of the
second that's interesting I didn't know
though I mean the NRA is the perfect
micro study though of the Republican
Party in general because if they were
looking in the future and the
demographics
the country they would say like how do
we become the organization that
represents all of the emerging
demographics of people that want to be
gun owners but if they did that they had
alienate their core so they can't make
that transition that's a cuts least read
on what their mission statement is about
their mission statement is to be a trade
organization no I understand that but
I'm talking about their what do you mean
they don't write they're not
representing gun owners they're
representing yield a ton more than you
facture absolutely they have to market
to potential customers exactly yes the
point enough gun manufacturers voting to
have that be no they're doing PR on
behalf of gun manufacturers to gin up
consumer base and I'm saying that if
they were anticipatory this is the
problem at right-wing politics in
general that you can't that if they were
thinking in the in terms of future
trends they would actually be thinking
about appealing to a broader group of
gun consumers but they can't do that
without alienating their current people
right now I just don't think that's
that's a bridge too far yeah no they
can't do it now past they I don't once
they did it a little bit but they've
backed off it here are these NRA members
assembled once again there's a couple
who I guess or former assembled once
again and they are expressing their
opinions of whether or not kids know how
the world works now remember I think if
you were to ask all of these I guess the
majority of them are men do you think
you should be able to teach your 11 year
old child to go out and shoot a gun they
would all say absolutely without a doubt
in fact I took my kid out when he was
seven how's he gonna protect himself and
how's he gonna protect himself I'm gonna
go out and she'd teach him just like my
daddy taught me but when it comes to
they can shoot a gun but they don't know
nothing about getting shot virtually
everybody
those kids are begging the politicians
to remove these weapons kids don't
understand how the world works their
kids I disagree I
that kids today are smarter than they
ever have been their ideas need to be
listened to and maybe there's a better
way that we haven't thought of because
quite frankly we've been kind of
screwing things up a bit there you go
kids don't know anything that's and
she's the before remember it's Nelly
just in case you were wondering yeah
she's like the only woman as far as I
can tell and she's the only one that
from what I've seen express any an
Orthodox kid you think once went out
there and said like I'm going to I'm
gonna try and exclude women from this
because I don't want the group to look
representative kids are super all they
could do is find a woman who was a
former member kids are super emotional
they don't make rational decisions they
get all upset and stuff because they saw
that kids murdered and their friends
murdered in front of them now look you
don't think clearly listen a lot of
people hand ring about the the mass
killings but the one thing about members
from the National Rifle Association they
are pretty Zen they what's that that
poster
you know God give me the grace to change
the things I can and accept those that I
can't I'm watching this I'm listening to
you and you give me no hope whatsoever
or just want to happen again well it
will happen yeah I wish we could say it
wouldn't and I think most of us are
looking for a very easy macro solution
that stricter regulation is gonna change
everything but we need to look at a more
micro regulation and that's that these
families need to take stricter control
of their kids it's the breakdown of the
family dynamic that's causing this
problem what do you say to those kids
who are marching the Tallahassee what do
you say to those kids it let me say this
you know the breakdown of the family
dynamic
that's a micro solution incidentally
each family has to take it upon
themselves not to break down but is
there any reason is there any even
correlation nevermind causation but is
there any correlation between whatever
breakdown of the family means presumably
like divorce or something is there any
correlation between increased divorcing
divorce rates and
these mass shootings I would argue if
anything just off the top of my head
it's probably the opposite that divorce
rates have probably leveled off and if
anything gone down as these as the rate
of increase that these mass shootings
has gone up in fact I would say if
you're looking for a correlation you
probably find it with the number of gun
sales yeah I mean traditionalist values
prize toxic masculinity and male power
above all else so if anything I'd say
they go together
thank you just not like micro solutions
aha see what do you say to those kids
who are not backing down and they're
gonna March to Washington DC they lost
their best friends
they lost their brothers and sisters
what do you say to them first thing I
would tell them is keep fighting keep
speaking you're doing the right thing
but I would also have to tell them that
it's really sad that it's happened to
them but unfortunately our Constitution
says the Second Amendment is a right to
bear arms it's not something obviously
very very antiquated when you're talking
about that okay here's what I would tell
a kid say if you really want to make a
change you got to do it in baby steps
and if anyone knows the thing about
policy in Washington you got a baby step
you just can't one day turn it off so
what you do is you have to you know look
at magazine capacity you really don't
need 30 rounds you just don't I mean do
you need more than five probably not
honestly okay is that okay breaking into
your house maybe five isn't gonna do it
how many of you work up there you guys
I'm guys breaking into your house it was
like don't worry about like pulling your
friggin rotator cuff before you shoot
some fantasy person entering your house
oh outing right hey fright if that
guy's really concerned he maybe might
want to hit the gym for a little bit no
I
yeah right I mean I'd be like thank you
I like I appreciate you spelling out my
subtext there yeah yeah I like just like
the idea that like his and you know I
don't know I know that overall crime
rates have gone down in the largest you
know overall Incept in certain places
where they've increased in this country
and maybe I'm project
this guy maybe he lives in you know a
place where there's a lot of break-ins
but it's like I kind of doubt it and the
idea that like his paranoia and cortisol
levels and also anger fantasies which he
you know jerks off to in the pretend
scenario like Trump where he does shoot
an intruder who like god forbid it isn't
like a family member that he's convinced
in his head and he ends up hurting
somebody right because we hear his
stories like that a lot the fact that
his fantasy is elevated over these
things like we need to be Zen about the
absolute atrocities that happen but we
need to be ultra freaked out about my
family exactly like look this is gonna
happen again
because of the world there's people out
there you're gonna see kids shot and
slaughtered but the idea that somebody
would break into my house maybe take my
TV I need to have like a magazine that's
gonna hold it 25 rounds yeah just give
me a break
