I want to go back to one other element
of this as we talked about this this
this distinction between restricted
speech and compelled speech right
because I know that you've looked at the
transcripts from the oral arguments
yesterday people were waiting sort of
there wasn't a lot of suspense about
this people sort of knew that where
where the different players were after
Friedrichs the case that ended up being
stalemated because anton scalia was
quite timely in his exit from his from
our his presence on our earth and and
i'm i'm not going to put you in a
uncomfortable situation of sharing my
continued emotion about that but but be
that as it may
so this anthony kennedy a wrote and and
i'm not sure which case it was i know if
it was the Abood case or one of the
subsequent cases knox or others that
government employers like private
employers need a significant degree of
control over their employees words and
actions without it there'd be little
chance for the efficient provision of
public services so in other words if i'm
the city of chicago and i have deemed
that i am going to this is going to be a
government this is going to be a union
shop the union statutorily represents
everyone in the the the office
essentially and therefore i'm exercising
a certain amount of control i can
restrict their speech to a certain
extent because they're my employees but
this guy's argument is different that
he's actually being compelled to say
something to be in favor let's say of
more government spending what's the
difference between you know historically
in the law between compelled speech and
restricted speech and and and and as
someone like you know where where does
sam alito a strict constructionist or
Neal Gorsuch a strict constructionist
see this distinction between compelled
speech and restricted speech because it
occurs to me that restricted speech
would be almost worse than compelled
speech because it's compelled speech is
more of like an inference right well I
think particularly in this case because
Janice is not actually being compelled
to speak
Janice is being able being required to
fund someone else the Union which is
then speaking Janice has every right to
go to the government and lobby in
opposition and to speak out in
opposition to everything that the Union
is saying he can yes he has to pay this
fee which is then used by the Union and
so in affected he is subsidizing in a
way the Union speech if in fact
collective bargaining is political
speech but he has a complete right to do
any number of things he can speak
himself and say what he believes in
opposition to that you could stand
outside I could stand outside of that
bargaining room it would the sign that
says don't pay us more money right
absolutely you know he can email his
employer he can go to his boss he can
say oh yeah anywhere he wants to he can
go to the Illinois legislature and say
don't appropriate more money to my
agency so it can pay additional money to
the employees under the collective
bargaining contract he has a right to
try to get rid of his Union he can there
is a whole process under the law where
you can what's called decertify the
Union so if he can convince enough of
his fellow employees that the Union is
not doing a good job they can vote the
Union out they can vote a different
Union in they can have no Union there's
a whole process for that so he has a lot
of rights
and I think this this kind of if we want
to call it compelled speech is something
somewhat different then if Janice was
you know somebody put a gun to his head
and he had to stand up and you know
proclaim something that he did not
believe or even if they said we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna fire
you from this shop I mean like this
isn't even like there's no cowork
there's no it doesn't even seem to be
like any economic coercion it seems to
be the to the extent that he's being
coerced to subsidize this this this
speech and I think that's as far as it
goes it is he is being coerced to do so
by statute and isn't it
statute that coerces me to pay taxes and
certainly the government expands money
in ways that I don't like and so how is
that not compelled speech absolutely and
you I mean like the government the Union
is a democratic institution so the Union
can be voted in and voted out the same
as our representatives can be voted in
and voted out and we do that on a
majority basis so with a majority of us
vote in someone I may not like them but
they're my representative and they
represent me until I convinced a
majority of my fellow citizens to vote
them out and they may vote to do things
that I don't like and to spend my tax
money in ways that I don't like but
that's that's our system and our you
know collective bargaining system in the
United States is based based very much
on a similar principle there's a
majority rule the ability to convince
the majority to get rid of the Union the
ability to speak out separate and apart
from the Union all of that is built in
so it's very much a system like our
political system I mean I'm just I'm
super like the the first thing it really
comes to mind is is this car
insurance because every state in the in
the country you are compelled to buy car
insurance and just like I'm not
compelled to work in you know for the
sanitation department of the city of
Chicago I'm not compelled to drive my
car but if I want to work for the
Sanitation Department of the city of
Chicago I got to pay these agency fees
if I want to drive my car I got to pay
for this car insurance but these car
insurance companies there is no doubt in
my mind that they have lobbied the the
US government or that they've actually
they belong to some groups in some
fashion or another
that that expresses a political idea
that I don't like and I just don't
understand how I can be compelled after
Janice is going to be found and I think
there's very little suspense about this
how I can be compelled to pay car
insurance at that point I think we're
going to see those lawsuits and actually
interestingly there's several unions in
Illinois and Wisconsin that have already
found some some lawsuits in anticipation
of Janice one of them has filed against
a community in Illinois I think it's
Lincolnshire where the individual is
saying my tax money is being used by
this by my community to lobby for things
that I object to they are part of the
Illinois Municipal League and the
Illinois Municipal League has lobbied
for right-to-work laws and in opposition
to public sector bargaining I'm a union
member I believe in in public sector
bargaining I oppose right-to-work laws
my tax money is being used that I'm
compelled to pay to my city is being
used is being paid to the Municipal
League another organization to do things
that I object to so there already has
been you know to my knowledge at least
one lawsuit that was filed last week an
anticipation of this ruling in Janis and
my understanding is there is a suit in a
federal lawsuit against Scott Walker in
Wisconsin because
the law he signed in 2011 restricts
public employee collective bargaining
rights and the theory is that if
collective bargaining is speech in the
Janis case and it's being and it's and
and therefore he's being compelled his
speech is being compelled in this
instance the restriction on collective
bargaining would be a restriction of
free speech I mean how does like for
instance how does restrictions on
wildcat strikes under taft-hartley how
does that stand
I mean if collective bargaining if the
act of collective bargaining is is is is
a can both restrict can compel free
speech then clearly the prevention of it
can or the subjugation of it is a
restriction of free speech then how can
like how can you have how can you have
no strikes how can you have no wildcat
strikes how is that possible how is that
not all a restriction of First Amendment
rights or is that just like there was
found that the government has a
compelling interest well I think yes you
have to look at whether or not there's a
compelling interest and there might be a
compelling interest in those cases but
it does raise I think the issue again
because we have not said in the past
that collective bargaining is political
speech and political speech is speech of
the highest order we have treated
collective bargaining as you know a form
of some people have called it economic
speech but at the very least you know a
form of speech that has you know less
protection than political speech which
has the highest form of protection so if
it is the speech that has the highest
form of protection then the government
interest has to be much stronger in
limiting it and you know it might be
then
certain kinds of cases of strikes the
government interest might be found to be
sufficiently compelling first responders
let's say as an example right exactly
exactly but I think in other sorts of
situations for example you know teachers
are prohibited from striking in most
states not all states public all public
employees are prohibited from striking
in many states in most states so so why
is it you know the the clerks in the
water department there are prohibited
from striking why is there some
compelling interest in prohibiting those
individuals from striking they're not
like first responders so just to be
clear on this dynamic so that people
understand pre Janice let's assume we're
living in a post Janus world because I
think we're about six months off from
that but an pre Janus world the
government could keep could say that the
guy or the gal working in the Public
Works Department as a clerk can't strike
because the government has a compelling
interest it's not hugely compelling but
it's compelling enough to meet the
standard of suppressing economic speech
for this for the lack of a better term
however post Janus that economic speech
will be elevated to political speech
which requires a higher compulsion need
by the state the government to to
subjugate that speech and this is going
to open up that question now anew
because the speech itself has been
elevated in its requirement of the
compelling interest by government yeah
that's exactly it
well this should be interesting and like
you say guys like Eugene Volk Volk I
don't know if I pronouncing his name
correctly have put in the amicus briefs
arguing with you know on the side that
people like you would be arguing out
imagine that this is going to open up a
lot of problems perhaps and the point is
that this notion of compelled speech
that are not generally viewed as
burdening any First Amendment interest
there could be a lot of of cases and we
still despite the fact that Donald Trump
has been quite vigorous in appointing
federal judges we still have like a lot
of federal judges out there who are
going to basically take that element of
Janice and perhaps apply it to other
other scenarios is there a way that a
guy like Alito it seems to me or Gorsuch
could fashion the the the Janice ruling
in such a way that it's they do one of
those like it's just for this scenario
type of thing well I think that may be
what they're what they might try to do
and and I think there is an element of
this that it that is how it fits in
their mindset that is you know there's
an element of sort of unions are bad and
collective bargaining really collective
bargaining rights aren't important and
and we don't really understand or
support the whole system so therefore
it's it's it's not important there's not
a strong interest here on the part of
the government so I think it's more in
in balancing the interest that they
think they can make this distinction and
of course whenever you have a balancing
test it is
those are good tests in a sense because
you can take into account a lot of
interest but as as people often say sort
of the the weight of various interests
is in some senses and in the eye of the
beholder
right and the beholder you know this is
the judge so I think that's where they
think
that that line can be drawn but you know
not everyone sees it in the same way I
think there are other ways that this
decision might be be compromised but I'm
not sure that I mean certainly I don't
see a Leto going for a narrower
compromise Gorsuch justice Gorsuch of
course was completely silent and in the
argument so we have no sense from the
argument as to how he might go we
probably have a sense I think there's
the reason people are predicting that
Janus is going to win is his general
judicial philosophy and conservative
background let me and I think that was a
very polite way of you saying that with
some of these justices they have a
preordained outcome that is a function
of their political ideology maybe not I
don't want to put words into your mouth
