we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex dama chard a report with sam
cedar it is Wednesday October 3rd 2018
my name is Michael Brooks on a Michael
Wednesday this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we're
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on today's program
Meghan day staff writer for the Jacobin
magazine we will talk about Brett
Kavanaugh the banality of the work of
the ruling class debunking the
meritocracy myth and austerity through
paperwork with the ever brilliant Meghan
day dozens of potential sources of
information say they have not been
contacted by the FBI and the Cavanaugh
investigation dr. Ford dr. Blasi Ford
has demanded an interview in the FBI
probe herself and Donald Trump has
finally gone all in on a grotesque and
savage attack of Christine blaze ephors
I'm a counter-puncher I'm a counter
puncher that's what I do when I do a
fetishistic rally and attack and rape it
could this correlate with new
revelations from new york times on
essentially his allegations that his
family's taxes are just a giant
basically criminal scheme or the
prototype future of all republican tax
policy remember he only got a small loan
of a million dollars even the lie that
made him look privileged was a total lie
and i paid it back i get back right only
time you've ever done that right my dad
you have to pay it back that's your dad
and michael bloomberg has just given
twenty million dollars to senate
democrats cash those checks and what the
hell feed those twenty twenty delusions
i don't care
pentagon walks back a plan to withhold
cash from defense contractors after
pressure from lawmakers that sounds
about right
new moves in the House of
Representatives to cut off funding from
the United States for the mass murder in
Yemen conducted with the US UK Saudi and
the United Arab Emirates junior bowls
and arrow Brazilian fascist candidate is
surging in the polls as reports of
extortion by bosses over workers double
speak on one hand the business lobby is
hearing that the Brazilian Constitution
will be rewritten to destroy unions and
workers on what saps are getting
messages saying of course he's not anti
worker an anti-union
classic fascist doublespeak we won't
leave anybody in the streets for that
okay exactly and a court deals a major
blow to a controversial Appalachian
pipeline momentarily halting
construction even as the Trump
administration is moving forward with
relaxing restrictions on radiation we
talked about mercury yesterday and a new
tax package which will further decrease
your wages is in the Congress all that
and much more on today's majority
reports Sam I think he's arrived I was
gonna say I'm going on a plane I don't
know if I'll be back again
but I think he's already in Vegas it's
already in Vegas that the I was gonna
make a bless you I was gonna make a
Brock invention joke but he's at the
torts conference he's gone to his happy
place he's gone to his happy wonder if
there's any mass torts revolving around
bras right until you say that it's bad
for their backs scandal tell you what
Sam I've been a lawyer for 25 years it
would be like Tennessee yeah like just
sounds like yeah normal guy we said we
started up a practice down in a Macomb
County we got into the diamond you
couldn't believe what we saw complete
was it the woman's entire back was
thrown out when snap and her just back
didn't work man I thought okay any
fair-minded person was maybe ones just a
malfunction I'll tell you what we found
documents 3,000 with me seriously oh my
god these brothers brought snap off at
200 miles an hour these bras will snap
of two thousand miles or that is the
velocity of a just just for point of
comparison here that is the velocity of
a Serena Williams a serve velocity of
the Serena Williams ship and this is
happening to women's backs across the
country well exactly Sam I think you
pretty much put the nail on the head
right there I actually think that bit
might have legs broad class action
towards Sam interviews or should we say
clasp action whoo oh now I don't know
how we transition from that funny
material I've actually I have been a
little bit surprised that Trump hasn't
gone all in disgusting before on
Christine Blasi Ford but he did just
that he was at a rally yesterday in
Southaven Mississippi
that right and here he is viciously
mocking doctor for it and you know bear
in mind the Republicans on the Judiciary
Committee who are pushing through the
confirmation of Cavanaugh who lied
continuously where I believe as much as
I can
I believe doctor for most people do
they're claiming that they believe her
but it's some type of confused memory or
something and as Eric Levitz pointed out
at this point even if an FBI plural
clear judge Cavanaugh of these charges
or and you know even if he was cleared
he's clearly displayed that he has no
judicial temperament and is a whiny hack
reactionary who had a meltdown on
national television and went on about he
he literally talked about these charges
in the context of a Clinton conspiracy
theory that's Newsmax
editorial stuff which again shows you
that that's what the Republican Party is
it's all a Newsmax editorial but they
are in the contradictory position of
feigning compassion and concern about
these issues while pushing it through
Trump is gonna go the full disgusting
route by just attacking her and really
expose them even more because this is
what they're doing they just don't want
to own it like Trump is doing but this
what Trump is doing here this is what
the Republican Party is doing even if
they feign concern and respect what he's
going through thirty six years ago this
happened I had one beer right I had one
beer well you think it was it nope there
was one beer oh good how did you get
home I don't remember how'd you get
there don't remember where is the place
I don't remember how many years ago was
it I don't know
I don't know I don't know what
neighborhood was it and I don't know
where's the house I don't know upstairs
downstairs where was I don't know but I
had one beer that's the only thing I
remember and a man's life is in tatters
a man's life is shattered his wife has
shattered his daughters who are
beautiful incredible young kids they
destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people that
was what Lindsey Graham's thing was and
people should recognize that this is
again this is the Republican Party
message even if and the Republican Party
strategy and the Republican Party
commitment even if other members of the
committee are simultaneously speaking
out of both or well they're speaking out
of both sides in the mouth and they're
voting and they're muscling and they're
moving politically in one way which is
to completely railroad this process
because they don't care and as with
pretty much everything else with the
Republican Party from oligarchy to
corruption to racism to xenophobia to
misogyny Trump is the one who speaks it
clearly so believe him because he's the
essence of this whole thing and this
works on his base because I mean most
people don't understand the psychology
of trauma and you know raised before it
explained it and but most people
probably didn't get it so when you hear
him say that like it makes sense to
people so his people like they're very
ready to believe it there's a Quinnipiac
poll that came out yesterday about
non-college educated white men 65
percent support confirming Cavanaugh 66
believe Cavanaugh over Ford it's
basically two thirds of uneducated white
non-college educated white men believe
Cavanaugh and that's what Trump is
playing to and it is a terrifying number
I do sort of wonder if this would if it
would be like you know 80% if we were in
like even the 90s but I don't
who knows who knows what progress and
it's 99b sorry no like though the women
who support Trump yeah they didn't care
about grab them by the and they
don't care about this women were
cheering just as much as the men in that
okay folks no elegant way of
transitioning Sam likes ads let's Sam
read you an ad and then we will be
returning with Megan day from Jacobin
magazine hey folks it's Sam here and
support for today's show comes from
Brooklyn named the winner of the best
online bedding category by Good
Housekeeping Brooklyn is the fastest
growing bedding brand in the world with
over 20,000 five-star reviews and I will
tell you this one of them is mine their
mission to bring five-star hotel quality
sheets to everyday life offering luxury
sheets without the luxury makeup
their method eliminating the middleman
to keep things personal from design to
manufacturing a custom service and
beyond okay I have as you know multiple
sets of Brooklyn and sheets I don't want
to get too detailed here but the way
that we do it with our separation is we
we the parents switch back and forth so
I have them in my outside place wait
Jimmy are you making a face I could I
not be talking about this or is it
something totally different
okay so I've got in two different
locations sets of Brooklyn and sheets
and I love them both I finally get to
choose the classic I think they call it
per cane I'm not sure what they call it
but it's the classic cooler cotton and
my daughter now has demanded a set of
Brooklyn and sheets for her as well
because she loves my sheets they're so
comfortable and they look like I
actually know what I'm doing when it
comes to like something to do with style
which is believe me a huge uphill battle
my Brooklyn and sheets are the best
they're the most comfortable sheets I've
ever slept on Brooke
dot-com is giving an exclusive offer for
just my listeners get 20 bucks off and
free shipping when you use the promo
code majority at Brooklyn and calm
Brooklyn is so sure you're gonna love
your new sheets they offer a risk-free
60 night satisfaction guarantee and a
lifetime warranty on all their sheets
and comforters the only way to get 20
bucks off and free shipping is to use
the promo code majority at Brooklyn
ENCOM that's Brooke linen dot-com promo
code majority Brooklyn and these really
are the best sheets ever ever I got to
learn I have to learn from the master
right there
Casper I like beds okay everybody we are
gonna be right back with Meghan day on
the majority report
you
welcome back to the majority report
Michael Brooks here joining us now is
Meghan day she is a staff writer at
Jackman magazine Meghan thanks so much
for being here thanks for having me
Meghan you wrote a great piece called
the banality of Brett Kavanaugh I want
to quote from it briefly the Brett
Kavanaugh hearing was asked Elida scope
of family and God and prestigious
clerkships spliced with poofing ralphing
and brewskis it was a thorough
dressing-down and the end one was left
at the impression of an unremarkable guy
who was born on a conveyor belt to power
without much obligation to distinguish
himself from his peers on the contrary
his success was relatively guaranteed on
the condition that he didn't distinguish
himself from them that he's simply
playing nice with the fellas and not
necessarily nice with women from prep
school to the Ivy League to the White
House and beyond said I think I mean you
captured it but but break that down for
us in terms of what you saw about how
non remarkable this guy was and what
that says about how we conceive of
elites in general great so I watched the
Brett Kavanaugh hearing like everyone
else I was chatting with friends while
watching it I think everyone was just
stunned that what we're seeing I've
never seen anything like that I don't
typically tune into congressional
proceedings I think they're usually
pretty boring this one was far from
boring and afterward I I was you know I
got a call from my editor and he was
like so what do you have to say about
this and I just I honestly couldn't
think of anything to say if there was
there was there so much that made me
angry there's so much that boiled my
blood so much that seemed unfair so much
that seemed anti-democratic or counter
Democratic about the whole process and
the thing that finally out in that
conversation with my editor really ended
up rising to the top for me is that the
way that Brett Kavanaugh responded to
questions about his prior bad behavior
alleged bad behavior by talking about
how how how much he'd earned essentially
how much he'd earned the right to be on
the Supreme Court because he'd gone to
the very best schools and had the very
best appointments and knew the very best
people you could hear it happened maybe
it happened maybe seven or eight times
but that was how he responded to a
specific question about his past
behavior and so that got me thinking a
little bit about this guy as a sort of
ambassador for meritocracy certainly not
the only one in fact the vast majority
of people who constitute our political
elite all went to the same schools they
went to Harvard Yale Stanford and Brett
coughs Brett Kavanaugh is is among them
but I also was thinking about the way
that everyone watching this could sort
of the mat the mask of power slips a
little bit in this moment and you
realize that this is just an ordinary
extremely greeting not particularly
insightful dude you got as I wrote in
the piece born on a conveyor belt to
power you know he was sort of on the
condition that he didn't you know that
he moved with the pack and then he
looked out for for his buddies and you
know and clung tight stayed close that
he would more or less end up in a
position of power whether that was in
politics or whether that was in real
estate or finance or as I mentioned
later the peace military weapons
manufacturing you know it could have
been anything but he was he was going to
make it and I think of the thing that we
that for us to realize in this moment
and the thing I think many of my peers
because I'm 29 and I think that you know
as I write in the piece new generations
have to be exposed to the collapse of
the illusion of meritocracy over and
over again meritocracy being of course
ruled by the most excellent the idea
that the people at the top have some
special innate excellence this seemed
like a moment when that really crumbled
just watching this extremely
unremarkable die and wondering
how in the hell he got there and
starting to put the pieces together for
yourself right and you talked about I
mean other you described you said yeah
look
juvenile sexist you know emotionally
reactive and I think that's a really but
that that specific point is really
important and it comes up again and
again again this idea that people like
that he would have really need to have
radically gone out of his way to not be
a success and one of the things that
which of course then makes the whole
idea of success or not success and much
more muddy concept than we like to talk
about it usually right like if if he
would have needed to sort of bend over
backwards to not be quote unquote
successful then what exactly does that
mean and in addition to that you know it
struck me that obviously he lied well I
mean in my view obviously he lied quite
a bit during the proceedings about
things both you know large and
incredibly serious and maybe things that
are relatively trivial one of the areas
though that he got dinged on was they
reported the day after when he said you
know I got into Yale law of my own merit
and of course it was revealed I think
was his grandfather was an alumni of
Yale Law and people went and you know
it's a totally fair interpretation
there's another Brett Kavanaugh a lie
mine was I don't think he's lying about
that I think it his self
conceptualization that that isn't even
an added bonus he wouldn't have been
there without his merits maybe grandpa
went there but that's totally incidental
so we're also it's like we saw how non
remarkable they are but we also saw an
element of the the psychosis of this
particular type of elite in terms of how
they conceived of themselves
I completely agree with that I mean
anything part of it has to do with
exposure people from this particular
class stratum and the kind of insular
world that people like Brett Kavanaugh
inhabit their entire lives are not
necessarily exposed to lots of people
who work significantly hard
may have ever worked and don't end up
you know on the Supreme Court deciding
important matters for the entire nation
so I think that to some extent it's just
like a matter of a matter of lack of
exposure but it's it's also the case
that they're living in this fantasy as
well all of us are it's it's not just
that the people at the bottom the rest
of us the 99% whatever you want to call
us are living with the fantasy that the
people at the top have some special
wiring some sort of like special
hardwiring that's like actually superior
to the rest of us that gives them
superior insight they have superior
talents they work harder and so on and
so forth they actually believe this as
well it's sort of self justifying its
what keeps them going and you know if I
could speak a little bit on my own like
journey through through meritocracy
first of all it's an important
ideological component of capitalism
because it is the justification for
inequality in the United States the idea
that if you are at the top it's because
you worked hard and you had what it
takes to get to the top and that of
course contains in it a secondary or
corollary logic which is that if you're
at the bottom it's because you didn't
have what it takes you or you didn't
work hard enough to make it to the top
and anybody can make it from the bottom
to the top that is that is a rough
description of what meritocracy is as
you can see it obviously functions
extraordinarily well and it dovetails
very well with capitalism it's sort of
ideological mechanism of capitalism if
you will for me personally I think that
despite you know being you know roughly
a progressive or a left liberal for a
long time I think I had still a latent
understanding that that there was
something superior about the people at
the top for a long time specifically
until the 2016 election and with the
2016 election was the moment when it was
my big sort of Emperor wears no clothes
moment in particular Iowa
extremely increasingly frustrated by the
fact that the Democratic Party
frequently refused to stand firmly
consistently full-throated ly on the
side of working people but I figured
that there was probably some reason why
that was the case besides just like
Shearer thick-skulled
