[Music]
welcome back this is michael brooks with
a special Michael Brooks show slash
majority report podcast YouTube
exclusive yes with senator Kevin de
Lyonne he was the former president pro
tempore of the California State Senate
and he is now challenging Dianne
Feinstein to serve in the United States
Senate representing California senator
thanks so much for being here hey
Michael thanks a lot
I appreciate you having me on senator
one of the things that has struck us
about your campaign so far is you've had
a very clear and unequivocal message on
health care on single-payer health care
specifically a lot of people who watch
and listen to this show view Medicare
for all not only as an urgent moral
necessity but also as kind of a in some
ways a social advancement which could
have a ripple effect on many other areas
including supporting union organizing
and other sort of ways of addressing
inequality and I'm curious your position
first of all both as a state senator
with regards to the bill that was
debated in California whether you
support senator Sanders legislation in
the US Senate and how you see that
broader implications of the fight of for
single-payer health care well I came
back a couple things one is that the
answer is yes unequivocally I support
Medicare for all I know that is Senate
senator Bernie Sanders a proposal a
Senate bill that is before the Congress
and they do support it there's a couple
reasons why number one if you start with
the notion that health care is a
universal right and not the exclusive
precondition of the the wealthy or the
elite then
that medicare for single-payer whatever
universal healthcare system and there
are many numerous out there globally to
choose from and a model after that you
believe that health care should be
accessible to all in do this regardless
of who you are and we go to your
socioeconomic status we know that health
care bankruptcies or on the rise the
fear of going to an emergency room
because you know that you mean it and
may not be able to make the payments
afford it should that happen in the
wealthiest nation in the world in fact
as the wealthiest nation in the world
the fact that our health outcomes and
cost containments are completely out of
balance means and we need some very
serious health care reform and I think
this cuts a class you know our political
parties ideologies are that anyone would
want access to affordable health care
and that's why I'm not strong and from
believer of Medicare for all do you see
a tension because I understand what
you're saying and I think that is clear
you'll cosign on to on to Bernie Sanders
bill Republicans have been using the
language of access and in some ways it's
kind of like you know the notion I guess
that you could theoretically have access
to anything if you could afford it I
mean we know that people like Paul Ryan
are obviously not talking about the
universal delivery you're talking about
and I'm just wondering to you do you
kind of see anticipate the political
battle around sort of the language of
how healthcare programs arcs are sort of
accessible and why the the needs of
health care for everyone for all are
universal and bipartisan but there is
clear it seems to me ideological
disagreement right now between you know
not just Democrats and Republicans but
really left and Progressive Democrats
and and Democrats may be still more sort
of beholden to insurance industry as an
example well let me say this is that
unfortunately in America health care has
become politicized it's highly
politicized unlike
in the other nation in the entire world
if you go to Japan they've had a
universal health care system since the
early 70s and they are the third largest
economy in the world about what has
happened in the United States is health
care as opposed to being focused on cost
containment on the cost of
pharmaceutical drugs that that we need
to be better or live long or stay alive
contain health care costs what we've
done is we've politicized it and it's on
the spectrum between the left and the
right and which you're referring to in
terms of messaging and how it resonates
you know with everyday Americans across
the country it is quite quite
extraordinary whether people believe in
expansion of accessibility to health
care through the ACA or Obamacare what
is quite fascinating to me and it's not
universal health care but let's use that
as an example if you tell Trump
supporter of you ask Trump supporter if
they support the ACA quantitatively you
knows through surveys through polling
they come back universally in support of
the ACA and the the ideas and concepts
and principles between of having access
to quality health care if you use the
word Obamacare then they they they
overwhelmingly oppose Obamacare ACA and
it's the wording it's the messaging
that's become highly politicized in some
cases what you guys Obamacare obvious
it's become racialized but they're
having access to universal health care
doesn't make a difference of your from
the Appalachia reship region you know or
West Virginia or Virginia should be to
meet does it make a difference if you
are from the panhandle of Florida or if
you're from Kentucky or Tennessee or
fear from California on the Central
Coast the bay area Los Angeles or
Central Valley Health Care's healthcare
and it's a universal right whether
you're on the right
whether your left whether your points in
between whether you're agnostic to
politics altogether you don't want to
live in fear that you're gonna be
bankrupted because your child had an
asthmatic attack
you had to take your child to the
emergency room and you laughi a day's
pay from work because he had to spend a
whole day with your child in the
emergency room and you lose your ability
to pay your rent to put a roof over your
family's head because of health care
because your child you know it's problem
to ask them because you live in a
neighborhood that is have poor air
quality because there are you know
chrome plating facilities near your home
on your school and that aggravates you
know your child's breathing patterns you
know this would happen to support people
and then the game doesn't make the
difference if you're poor Democrat or if
you're a trump supporter you're poor you
know access to universal health care
should not be politicized right so what
I'm sure that running saying full
universal government coverage is also a
very simple and clean way of talking
about it and presenting it to the public
let's talk about immigration this
administration has targeted immigrant
communities they've ramped up ice raids
and enforcement I want to play a bit of
sound senator because I think also the
rhetoric about this matters as well and
I'm sure that you know sort of
questionable rhetoric about immigration
is is is increased and amplified by
Trump but it's not new to him this is
some sound from a 1994 debate of your
opponent talking about Dianne Feinstein
the incumbent senator talking about
immigration at the time and I just want
maybe you could comment on how she
framed it at the time and and and speak
to your efforts in California to to
fight the Trump administration on these
issues I think we can enforce our
borders I think we should enforce our
borders to have a situation where 40% of
the babies born on Medicaid in
California today are born of illegal
immigrants creates a very real problem
for the state which is in deficit look
and of course you can enforce the border
finish
I agree have 17% of our prison
population at a cost of 300 million a
year
illegal immigrants who come here and
commit felonies that's not what this
nation would like you to respond to that
and talk about the Trump administration
as well well we've come full-circle
obviously back in 1994 we had a very
polarizing ballot initiative but before
the voters in California Proposition 187
which sought to bar young children from
elementary schools and was sitting
health care in California and obviously
senator Feinstein was up for reelection
against the Republicans I'm Michael
Huffington it's interesting how it's
become full circle with Donald Trump
today and with his calls for a border
wall and now my tend to be a new voice
for California for 2018 I can tell you
this is that continues very difficult
moments it is never a right thing to do
to Pit one group against another to
scapegoat horrible immigrants for all
these social canonic and political ills
of our country I think politicians
whether you're on the left or the right
Timmy does make a difference I think
that the expectation is you move
policies economic policies that improve
the human condition for all individuals
that you list them up you don't pick one
group against another for political
expediency um obviously I don't like the
rhetoric that is happening today and I
didn't like the Butterick that was
happening back in 1984 and I was
appalled when I heard the comments from
Senator Feinstein back then and I'm
still appalled because it still
resonates it cuts deep because it's
personal coming from a family of
immigrants being the youngest child of a
single immigrant mother with a
third-grade education
I mean we're sort of deja boo' of what
we're witnessing today and in the body
politic in America because it happened
first in California and I can tell you
it doesn't end up well you know for the
future and I did not like the comments
that senator Feinstein made made then I
don't like him today
I don't think it's a reflection of the
values and it's a recognition of the
incredible diversity that we have in
California today what are some steps I
mean California's made a national name
obviously in terms of the conflicts
between the sessions Justice Department
the Trump administration and efforts
that you and the governor and and
activists have made in in contrast to
the immigration policies nationally I'd
like you to get into a bit of those
specifically and then as a second part
to the question you know if you're
elected to the United States Senate and
have an opportunity to push policy on a
national level I know a lot of people
working on these issues as attorneys as
activists on the grassroots level they
do think that ice is fundamentally Unruh
for mobile it should be abolished as an
agency or phased out so I'd like you to
speak to that as well well a couple
things one is that you know a few weeks
ago I was insulted that the Attorney
General of the United States Jeff
Sessions came to my home state to
announce the Department of Justice
lawsuit against my bill that I wrote
Senate bill 54 the calculated values Act
also known as the sanctuary state bill
and the reason why I wrote the
California values act essentially state
bill was very clear that both sessions
as well as Trump or looking to create
the the opportunity for mass
deportations now I thought with his
hardened rhetoric that he would focus on
criminal violent felons on gang members
but that hasn't happened his focus has
been mothers fathers with children
separating children from their mothers
and fathers from women who were seeking
temporary restraining orders a fleeing
domestic violence a woman who's pulled
out of a hospital receiving cancer
treatment this is the kind of
deportations that this administration is
looking to accomplish in California and
elsewhere
so that's why I moved with my measures
and I built 54 and I can tell you this
Michael that I feel very confident that
we will prevail in a court of law
because I wrote this in what close
consultation with the 82nd Attorney
General of the US Eric Holder and we
feel confident that were on solid legal
ground because we're not interfering
with immigration policy all we're saying
this federal immigration authorities
have exclusive jurisdiction for
enforcing federal immigration laws
that's statutory in nature that's to
Congress and that the executive branch
enforcing those laws but a state like
California in other states throughout
the country don't have to lift a single
finger or spend a single cent to
separate innocent mothers from their
children and children from their fathers
now when we talk about hardened criminal
violent felons and we're talking about
ms-13 gang members
there can be collaboration and
cooperation this should be local law
enforcement and the federal authorities
but that one we're talking about you
know innocent folks who contribute
greatly to our economy to our culture
here in California today were the sixth
largest economy in the world and we
accept immigrants from every corner of
the world who love their lives who
pledge allegiance to the red white and
blue we do believe they should become
Americans eventually but the reality is
if you have a Congress in Washington DC
for decades that have not been able to
or not have wanted to move forward a
comprehensive immigration plan so I
think this is a reflection of the deep
dysfunction of Washington DC to be very
clear and that's why you have different
states throughout the country moving
their own policies as it relates to
immigrants whether it is Arizona or
Alabama are going in a very different
direction in California or to say like
California it says we're gonna protect
hard-working mothers and fathers who
contribute greatly to our economy and
who have helped make made of the fifth
largest economy in the world so that's
why what Trump using
immigrants as a scapegoat as a divisive
wedge to tear at the fabric of who we
are as a great nation we have to do
everything within our power to stand up
and give them a voice on the question
with regards to abolishing I let me say
this is that I think that every nation
in the wall has a right to protect their
own sovereignty including the United
States and they have a right to have
strong waters you know there's no
question about it the the construction
of a physical border on the wall to me
is ridiculous it's a stupid idea they do
you're spending tens of billions of
dollars of taxpayers American taxpayers
dollars that is not going to solve this
issue quite frankly who wonders you know
if these are friends cronies of Donald
Trump who gonna reap incredible
financial rewards and benefits from
being contractors to build this wall
that he's so fixated on that doesn't
resolve the situation doesn't make us
safer doesn't bring jobs back to America
doesn't grow our economy so I think that
every nation has a right to protect its
own sovereignty I do believe that the
very rogue elements within ice I think
you're starting at the top with the
interim director is he a rabid attack
dog that Thomas Holman is who has become
a very mean-spirited you know head of
Vice who is it and this is an agency
that quite frankly has been highly
politicized both by the secretary of
homeland security as well as the
Attorney General and ultimately with the
President of the United States but I
want to just stop short of saying you
Pollock okay yeah yeah just so I clear
about that so you don't cuz I cuz I
again I think from a you know there's no
question you know objectively and
empirically that things have gotten
significantly worse under Trump but
there's still a lot of objections the
kind of you know ice policy under the
Obama administration as well and I guess
you know and yeah I don't think anybody
would question that obviously you know
there's a sense of of course monitoring
borders and deciding
comes in and you know and certainly you
know thinking about crime and security
and things like that but there is a
sense among some that ice has so it's a
feature not a bug of that particular
agency but you wouldn't go with that you
wouldn't go along with abolishing it no
I wouldn't but you know the concerns are
genuine and the real whether ice has
become you know an extension of the
Trump deportation machine and they have
gone broke and obviously instead of
focusing on hard and violent criminal
felons they're focusing on everyday
folks and trying to terrorize you know
communities by instilling fear
throughout you know states like
California that rejected Trump by a
margin or 2 to 1 because we rejected the
politics fueled by resentment 5 misogyny
as well as bigotry so it's very clear
that both Trump as well as fashion has
California in the crosshairs and they're
trying to do everything within their
power to undermine our Economic Security
or progressive values as well as a
people with the stepped-up deportations
I think that the agency should stay
intact until hopefully not kind of would
there's a Democratic president can bring
the necessary reforms that that agency
needs they have a rogue director that
has highly politicized it because of
this administration and there needs to
be some very serious internal reforms
let's move to foreign policy in the last
couple of minutes a senator briefly will
get to current issues in a moment but
it's worth noting that a couple of days
ago or just this past week was the 15th
anniversary of the invasion of Iraq
senator Feinstein voted for it and some
of us particularly those of us who work
not even a voting age yet when that
happened this was a very formidable
event in our lives and our sense of just
kind of an abuse of power essentially
and a real not just a blunder or a
mistake but a truly catastrophic
unethical thing
I just where were you at the time did
you oppose the invasion how do you see
it so I posed obviously I didn't have
statutorily and I didn't have a vote you
know directly impacting the
decision-making with regards to go in
the war both in Afghanistan as well as
Iraq went to use two words that that you
just articulated catastrophic and
unethical I think the votes that were
made on behalf of Californians were both
catastrophic and unethical that senator
Feinstein did back in the day you have
two wars both Iran as well as I should
say you rocked
Isis and Afghanistan and these wars have
been running you know 15 years and 17
years longer than the Vietnam War to put
this in context they have cost of
countless American lives many Americans
have come back home traumatized
physically disabled with very deep
psychological issues because war is hell
and it is not a pretty picture we
actually go there physically and you
confront the reality plus we have spent
not one not two not three not four but
five five trillion dollars in both wars
Iraq as well as as Afghanistan that's
five trillion dollars that we could have
spent we should have spent on the issue
of health care on the issue of debt-free
college on the issue of clean energy and
demanding freedom from fossil fuel
dependency on the issue of investing in
health care more specifically with
regards to precision medicine and
