where everyday casual Friday that means
Monday is casual Monday Tuesday casual
Tuesday Wednesday casual hump day
Thursday casual Thurs that's what we
call it and Friday casual Shabbat da
majority report with sam cedar
it is Friday October 5th 2018 my name is
Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live not steps from the
industrially Ravitz Gowanus Canal but
instead from sunny at Las Vegas Nevada
where I haven't seen the Sun in days
that's I've been inside the Palacio
hotel conference center at the mass
torts 2018 conference yes folks the
biennial visit to las vegas to sit down
with some tort lawyers hear about some
of the most recent cases that are taking
place around the country involving very
often enormous amounts of corporate
malfeasance and today is no different I
am here for this conference done a
couple of pre records yesterday because
we had trouble scheduling for today
later on the program an attorney named
Mike Berg who has been on this program
before to talk about the explosions that
took place in Massachusetts from the
underground gas pipelines and litigation
I think that's going to or actions are
going to be brought against the company
I think it's National Grid I can't
recall and then I sat down Bobby Kennedy
yesterday to talk about a case that he
was working on as an attorney out of his
firm in California against Monsanto and
a large settlement that was given as a
function of in regards to roundup and I
should just tell you right now we did
not talk about vaccinations I've
addressed this in the past with Bobby
Kennedy
on air and I've spoken about it on air
I've spoken to him about it on air in
the past we have a fundamental
disagreement about his I wouldn't call
him an anti-vaxxer but I would call him
very VAX skeptical and I think that's
really an incredibly dangerous position
to have and contrary to the science but
you can go back and find that I think I
can't remember exactly when we had that
conversation but we did not get into
that at all
because I was more interested in that
Monsanto thing and that's what I'm here
for to hear about these cases
interesting they figured I'd use an
off-label usage for roundup so that's a
little bit just a little bit of
housecleaning and before we get to our
first guest who is also here doing his
show from this conference David Pakman
will be joining me in a moment but
before he does a couple of moments of
housecleaning it's been now publicly
announced when I go to a politican I
will be debating charlie Kirk he is the
titular head of turning-points USA so I
mean some people have Twitter I've
noticed like some of lackeys flunkies
from flaky flunkies from turning points
have been randomly saying like I am
cedar I just listened to him for seven
minutes and I could never get those
minutes back well yeah it's true they
will never get them back and I will
continue to take from every single
person involved with turning points USA
I will take I will take I will take and
so that will be Sunday the 20th or 21st
or something like that in LA I assume
they're going to put it online at one
point I'm not sure and but I will I'll
have more to say about that later and
before we get into this and and I think
you know
David Pakman knows as well as anybody
that about the need for service like
news voice news voice is one of today's
sponsors and you can go to news voice
dot-com slash majority I think everybody
understands the problems with media
concentration and the idea of
epistemological bubbles that we find
ourselves in I think I used that
properly and it is highly relevant to
know what the other side is saying what
conservative thought is and you know you
don't have to look at it as the other
side it's just simply getting different
perspectives on your own that's the
thing that's good about news voice it's
a new media company that's come up with
their own response to that problem of
our blinders and our sort of like a pre
destined algorithms that send us news
it's called news voice it's an app for
iOS and Android it gives you access for
free if you go to news voice dot-com
slash majority and it gives you a
personalized news feed that you set up
by aggregating a mix of mainstream media
news sources international news sources
independent media sources and then
multiple sources are provided for each
news story as well as left and right you
can choose the entire app is fueled by
crowdsourcing you can upload stories you
think are important so more people will
see them you can add stories to the app
or you can add a source that's missing
for a story it's meant to be completely
open and democratized news aggregator
that lets you get every side of every
story they also have a video interview
series featuring guests from Chris
Hedges - Alexandre Acacio Cortes you can
go download the app for free at news
voice dot-com slash majority I put the
link under this video if you're watching
on video and if you're not you're
listening we've put the link in the
description of the podcast so you can
check it out it's news voice comm
majority joining me now in the
I don't know what they called this room
the x-bow room or whatever it is David
Pakman of the David Pakman show here to
help me before we get into a couple of
those interviews with lawyers talk about
the the state of play obviously the big
story of the week maybe of the month
maybe of the year aside of course from
the election that's happening in a month
Brett Cavanaugh's nomination coming down
to the wire
tomorrow 51 votes to move forward have
30 hours of debate maybe as early as
Saturday they'll have the final vote
Collins senator Collins from Maine
scheduled to make a statement at 3:00
p.m. Eastern Time yeah so that's three
hours from now yeah I guess that's three
hours and initially reported that she's
just going to announce why she's just
utterly satisfied with this
investigation that's taken place and
even though she had her hesitations
initially she is ready to say hey you
know what we did the investigation and
now there's no further reason to hold up
Brett Kavanaugh but a few reporters
including Manu Raju from CNN said it's
not clear that that's what she's going
to announce at at 3:00 Eastern and that
that would conceivably make a difference
in the 51 votes to move forward on the
last 30 hours of debate Manchin Joe
Manchin from West Virginia was the one
Democrat to say yes let's do it
and Lisa Murkowski from Alaska was the
one Republican to say no let's not go
forward so this this actually you know
there's sort of like two narratives
right one is take the 30,000 foot view
only which is it doesn't matter what
Susan Collins says on Tuesday it doesn't
matter whether Lisa Murkowski says let's
move on to the final debate or not that
they're going to push him through that
that was always the plan and that
McConnell knew it and that even Jeff
Flake arguably was part of that plan
going to him and saying listen you're
not running for re-election what if you
say let's do this investigation you'll
get attention but we'll still push them
through eventually that's like the
30,000 foot narrative the micro
narrative is well know if Collins says
she's not going to and Manchin says no
then Brett Kavanaugh doesn't get on the
court
well here's I mean you know a lot of
this is going to be resolved in in three
hours
yeah
and so for many people by the time they
hear this it'll be moot but the dynamic
one way or another is is this it seems
to me joe manchin will not vote for Joe
Manchin will not be the 50th vote let's
put it this way right it's obviously the
51st vote would come from Mike Pence
if Susan Collins announces that she's
not going to vote for for Cavanaugh it's
very hard for me to believe that Joe
Manchin is going to be the 50th vote and
then when it depends right
it just I think at that point he can be
guaranteed that if he ever needs a
single favor from the Democratic caucus
he will not get it I don't know it's
conceivable that Joe Manchin could
decide at one point to become a
Republican I don't know like if if he
votes if he's the 50th vote i-it's EEMs
to me there's gonna be some speculation
about that you know but there's already
been for years right I mean this will be
oh okay this it seems to be that we're
at that point this is the movies going
to met yeah I don't know why he would do
that
other than maybe he wants to be in the
majority yeah and they may offer him
something but I suspect that if Susan
Collins comes out and votes no or she
announces that at 3:00 then mansion is
going to be a no and the theory would be
this all the Senators who vote in this
middle ground right they're all looking
for cover and so Murkowski she votes no
on cloture the pressures offer no one's
looking at her vote she needed to to not
just vote against Kavanagh she need to
fervently vote against Kavanagh because
I think in a larger the primary impetus
is the Native community
Alaska there's just she has had strong
support from in the past and because of
Cavanaugh's rulings about about indian
reservations they are very nervous about
him and then this I think on top of that
there's a large amount of sexual assault
in the Native community and I think this
is you know I think this has become very
important issue for them so Murkowski
she all the pressures off her nobody's
talking about Murkowski more she is
sidelined herself Collins may want to do
the same thing because it will come down
to Manchin and certainly Manchin Collins
and Murkowski have already talked about
what they're going to do the the those
three know what each other's plans were
isn't it insane though and I know that I
mean this is not like a shock to people
who pay attention to politics it doesn't
even figure into any of this what Brett
Kavanaugh actually did to women it's
just not a factor and it never was right
like even from the beginning where
Republicans were saying well do we or
don't we need an investigation or what
exactly who exactly is the right person
to ask questions of Christine Blasi Ford
but it never actually mattered what
Kavanagh did or didn't do I don't think
that's true
really Murkowski may have had some
issues with voting for Kavanagh prior to
this but I think Collins would have I
mean I don't know Colin still may vote
for her but the if' for him but you're
saying that her vote would be based on
what she genuinely believes happened
thirty years ago or just a political
viability of it I don't think any of
them give a crap about what specifically
happened in one way or another it is
right what do they think is going to
with the public revelations how is that
going to interact with their
constituents exactly and will it hurt
them
and so the Cavanaugh stuff does make a
difference one way or another if if it
had been
if Blasi Ford had come forward and been
far less compelling I think then
Cavanaugh would be fine right now
he still may be ultimately fat yeah but
it had had I don't know what Cavanaugh
could have done worse but maybe they
were I mean if there had been another
allegation that came out this week that
was more prominent or maybe if you know
if Mike Mark judge had said yeah it's
true right I think that would have
changed things without a doubt so you
know III think these things matter not
because of the way that they influence
the politician in their mind and their
sentiment although I think Heidi
Heitkamp we should note this it is clear
this Cavanaugh thing has hurt her yeah
and I think she I think for her largely
it was a personal measure and she may
feel that she's going to lose this
election anyways and which makes the
decision more about like how she wants
to go out although I think there's also
argument it's going to be interesting to
see with the Cavanaugh hearing behind
her right if if the Republicans vote
against Cavanaugh - it's ultimately
Collins in Murkowski who bring Cavanaugh
down the pressures off a hike camp if
Cavanaugh gets in the pressures off a
hike camp so I think she's going to have
another month to reset the campaign go
back to the issue of health care which
was working for her down South Dakota so
I you know we'll see do you think Trump
has stuck with Cavanaugh because he just
wants to win and he sees having to pick
somebody else who he obviously would as
losing or do you think it's I don't know
if you've been following the the really
specific legal reasons why he wants
Cavanaugh on the court for what's coming
up when it comes to presidential power
when it comes to you know there's a Kay
about the sovereignty of the presidency
or like a mix of the two
I'm Church a mix of the two I think also
you know it's unlikely but there's a
scenario where they do not confirm
Kavanagh the midterms happen Democrats
win and Jeff Flake and Susan Collins say
it's not appropriate to to confirm
somebody in the lame-duck session I
think that period between the election
in January yes if the day if the day if
the Senate's gonna change hands I think
that's a far-fetched area but it's but
it's possible it's possible I mean like
it may be you know
McConnell thinks there's a 10% chance of
that happening it's dangerous and why I
don't want to go there but even then
doesn't Trump get his pick after January
like will Democrats actually say I mean
I know online people say if that happens
Democrats should say we're gonna do what
you guys did to garland but they're not
gonna do it hey I'm not sure that they
wouldn't do that but they certainly
could say that and get a pick that is
not on that list of the Heritage
Foundation that may be I mean the idea
that they wouldn't use their leverage at
all seems even for Democrats unlikely
unlikely I mean they still got to win an
election you know two years from January
yeah or you know at that point 20 months
away so there I that would be stunning
yeah them to say oh well yeah well now
well now we will be the ones to confirm
cabinet I don't think that's not
happening so I don't I I I think there's
just too many different I mean I who
knows why Donald Trump wants this I
think on some level it's also he doesn't
want Cavanaugh to go down for this
reason right and because this is his
core brand proposition do you think that
wait why are you asking me all the
questions oh I don't know I'm curious
what you think well well do you think
yeah whatever the question he asked you
so I forgot the question because he
threw me on oh no I mean like when I
think about this entire thing and I
think back to the initial like McConnell
is either he's either stumbled into just
like a brilliant combination of a chain
of events that's going to lead to
Cavanaugh getting in or it was
beautifully orchestrated from the
beginning where McConnell said from the
start
listen if we slow this down and do an
investigation Democrats will just say it
wasn't a sufficient investigation of
course then they did a completely
insufficient investigation and now
McConnell is able to say I told you that
this is what Democrats were going to say
like what was it so scripted from the
beginning or or did it just and out no I
mean I think they didn't want to have an
investigation they were genuinely didn't
want one right but it's the obvious
thing to say at that point Democrats
will say this because he also knows like
if we do one if we do one we're not
going to do a complete woman
I mean we the president can do exactly
what he says we pretend we're doing in
event I mean the idea of doing an
investigation to whitewash anything a
not a real investigation is probably one
of the oldest things that politicians
yeah one of their oldest techniques in
the world right I mean Andrew Cuomo with
the Moreland Commission and then that's
what he thought he was getting and when
the Moreland Commission started to
actually look into corruption he's like
well we're gonna have to end this
because you guys do not and yeah I mean
and this is part of the reason why they
wanted to keep it quiet so that the
investigation they're not gonna show the
results so that they can leak things
they did this with they've done it with
different parts of the Russian
investigation I mean this is this is the
way the game is played
but for Collins and Murkowski in
particular they have to be concerned
insofar as they can look at the real
reports and know the ink how incomplete
it is and then be worried that next week
the Washington Post is going to come out
with a story that says XY and Z and and
and their ability to have said like oh
we saw the FBI investigation
clearly you know goes out the window
because because they could see that it
was incomplete right I mean so the
pressure here there's certain amount of
reality no pressure from just the
reality of the situation and what they
anticipate our future risks so I mean
this is why McConnell just never has to
think twice about anything he's doing
because there's just no political risk
effectively for any of this stuff for
him in Kentucky he well not just in
Kentucky
I mean or even in his position in the
Senate yeah he has been incredibly
successful in jamming the courts with
right-wing judges and I mean he thinks
that history is gonna look out of his
move keeping that seat opening with
Garland as the reason why Donald Trump
won and led to a fundamental shift in
American society because of the courts
and and it's hard to argue with that
what also struck me is interesting this
week was a Breck have an i yesterday
wrote an op-ed yeah in The Wall Street
Journal in the Wall Street Journal where
he apologized for how brusque he was but
said that the reason why that all
happened was the allegations yes yes I
think that was a bow to Jeff Flake who
had said a couple of days ago we can't
have that on the court that type of and
so they said go write an op-ed and
address this I mean I think that's
what's happening we're watching sort of
like a PR you know crisis management
type of situation and that's what
they're doing and it's a geared towards
I mean it's sort of sick oh it's very
sick that you know it's geared towards
one or two people I mean that is one of
the things that I think has really come
out of this too is that in addition to
the court hopefully being
publicly scarred by this I mean I have
been very jaded about the Supreme Court
for almost exactly 18 and a half years
or getting it coming up on almost 19
years with the Bush v Gore result and
ruling but I think two things come out
of this if Cavanaugh is confirmed one is
the Supreme Court as an institution is
been dramatically weakened in the eyes
of the American public and ripe for some
type of legitimate reform I think we're
gonna hear calls for court packing which
in principle I have no problem with I
