all right let's get into what's going on
with with with the immigration policies
cuz this has gotten a lot of play and
I'm not exactly sure what has driven it
I think there was like National Missing
Children's Week last week and two weeks
ago we had just headlined that story
that a division of Department of
Homeland Security had lost track of 1500
kids now these were unaccompanied minors
and at that time unaccompanied minors
were literally minors who came to the
border unaccompanied and because the
Trump administration is my understanding
is now deeming minors who come to this
board to the border with their parents
and taking them as unaccompanied but at
that time these are children who parents
may have said I'm sent I don't have the
money to go with you I'm sending you
with you know a smuggler or they go up
by themselves to escape harsh conditions
and where they live sometimes you know
massively dangerous sometimes without
any opportunities to to advance whatnot
so when they get to the border the the
office of refugee resettlement matches
them up more often than not with
relatives who are in the country mostly
legal I believe the relatives are that's
the way that they would have them it's
conceivable some went into foster care
but this is mostly relatives some are
end up getting trafficked in some way
but the office of refugee resettlement
does not keep well it keeps records on
where they place them but they did not
do anything did
diligent to find these people they're
not tracking them which is probably a
good thing particularly in this day and
age one of the reasons why people the
the hard sell for Dhaka well you hear
about there are X number of Dhaka folks
but then there's an extra couple hundred
thousand four hundred thousand who are
eligible and have not signed up is
because people were very nervous about
signing up for a government program
because even if they had they felt that
the Obama administration had best of
intentions you know there's always that
one in like let's say ten chances that
the next president is gonna be Donald
Trump and they're gonna start using that
as a means in which to round you up so
it's probably good that the government
does not keep intense track of these
unaccompanied minors although you
there's a downside to people get
trafficked you're placing people with
with relatives you don't know I don't
know how much vetting goes on in these
situations here is a report from PBS
Frontline that talks about teenagers
from Guatemala who are trafficked as
workers at an egg farm and it's it's
pretty upsetting
[Music]
is really modern-day slavery in the
United States of America there's no such
thing as a job that you're not allowed
to quit
the kids in this case came from and and
there's an adult victim or two also came
from Guatemala all right pause it for
one second the guy speaking is Attorney
General of Ohio and this is a 2014 case
these teenagers came up from Guatemala
ostensibly to well listen to them from
and and there's an adult victim or two
also came from Guatemala
[Music]
what happened was they were they were
transported up to the United States and
when they get here they're promised that
they're gonna attend school that these
children are gonna have the promise of
America instead they get here and
they're put in the trailer park in
horrible conditions
well we walked in it smell like feces
and just just pure peat
okay posit so here you have a situation
where you several these teens were
released to people claiming to be
relatives or friends and they turned out
to be labour traffickers I mean this is
this is you know this is part of the the
problem and on one hand you want the
Office of refugee resettlement to to vet
the people that they're giving it there
they're basically putting these kids in
their care on the other hand you know do
you really want the office of refugee
and resettlement to know anything about
these people because of the
circumstances we're in I mean the bottom
line is there's no there's no good
answer to that question until we have
some type of actual policies that
recognize immigrants whether they are
documented or not are human beings and
[Music]
there is no there is no collective
punishment that we can exercise that is
going to keep people in countries that
are unsafe for them they're forced to
work you know six seven days weeks for
many many hours a day doing things like
debeaking chickens doing the the kind of
work is difficult work when it comes
time for the paychecks to come out
somebody else one of their recruiters
gets it when one victim had the gall to
ask for their paycheck something that
people here take for granted
he got hit he gets literally hit by the
master over here in the right hand
corner there's been mattresses there was
kids shoes underneath there there was
some clothing this they had a trapdoor
underneath and then they had this piece
of wood that they can slide on top of it
to make it look like okay there's no one
there and it had him just or where you
can lift it up like this and you can
look straight down right on it straight
and when you've seen it you've seen them
actually there no toilet there's no
if I don't look it they were going to
the bathroom this bucket but like I said
I don't I don't know that's how I found
my trailer
okay so ultimately federal authorities
found the the teens they relocated they
were given to social services and legal
advocates but I mean this is the dilemma
that you have right and so of those 1500
kids the office of refugee resettlement
they just my understanding is they just
called they didn't do any real follow-up
so it's not that they've lost track
these kids are not missing hopefully the
vast majority of them hopefully all of
them are with relatives it is not
inconceivable that some of them have
been trafficked we just we just don't
know
and certainly the new policy by the
Trump administration separating children
from their parents is just it's sick
it's sick and as far as I can tell I
mean maybe there's a maybe someone else
can point me to some other reporting but
in terms of what Jeff sessions in
announcing his zero tolerance policy for
the first time for first time illegal
border crossers a hundred percent of
anyone found to be crossing the border
whether it's the first or with whether
it's their first time ever will be
referred for criminal prosecution if you
are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law
can I ask when these kids were rescued
because that seems like something that
would not be a priority under their
current I suspect that was actually
a year or two ago that's case started in
2014
yeah but the the bottom line here is and
as far as I can tell the reason why
they're doing this is really simply we
want to discourage people from coming up
here with their families
I mean I'm old enough to remember images
of people trying to get across the wall
in East Germany and being shot at and I
just don't remember anybody anywhere
going good
glad we shot them we being the West at
the border I don't remember anybody
saying like why would they want why
wouldn't they want to leave there I mean
I you know that is the you got to ask
yourself why is it when people were
trying to escape
East Germany we were we were encouraging
of that it was horrific the idea can you
imagine if someone got out of East
Germany and our reaction was to split
them up with their kids split their kids
up send them back
don't tell them where their kids are
going it would have been absurd and the
u.s. is much more culpable for a lot of
these conditions that are causing people
to migrate right now yeah we have much
more ability to actually help I mean if
we're really that concerned the amount
of money that we spend on sending ice
agents around the country and now
there's one other element to this that
is I think important to discuss and that
is that
this is not a hundred percent no it's I
don't want to overstate it by saying
that a lot of people have made the point
we've certainly discussed it on this
show that the immigration policies of
Barack Obama particularly in his first
term were also pretty horrific there was
a they broke records for arresting and
deporting immigrants and it is true with
it is true that the nature of the
arrests were more focused on people who
had committed crimes in this country
rather than not in in some of those
instances though the crimes are you know
drunken disorderly or something like
that they're not necessarily violent
crimes and you have children split up
from their parents so we have had you
know bad immigration policies really for
an extended period of time certainly
during the Obama administration it got
better towards the end daca was a big
deal
extended daca I think was dhaba right
would have also been a big deal there's
a piece by Branco market check in the in
the Jacobin that goes through this and
there was a report that was put out
about the state of of immigration under
Obama but you know we've heard from just
from our friend Ronald Reagan who was a
an immigration lawyer on the ground that
in practice things are very different
and
you know it's important to make this
distinction and I am of two minds about
this because in this disorders into this
other other couple pieces I wanted to
talk about I don't think it's a bad
thing I mean the idea that people are
conflating these missing 1,500 kids with
the Trump administration's policy now of
actively like determinate first order
we're going to use the separation of
children and parents as a deterrent to
coming up into this country the idea
that people are conflating these two
things and in doing so are being more
aggressive about immigration policy I'm
sorry I think it's a good thing I mean
I'm not gonna sit here and conflate
these things for you I'm gonna try and
clearly delineate them and I don't know
if I had a bigger platform I would
probably do the exact same thing but I'm
also not gonna sit here in bolon the
fact that more people are engaged in
really looking at the implications of
our immigration policies because they're
making a catagory error I've read that
there is some concern that if you start
asking for the Office of refugee
resettlement to to really get a sense of
where these these children are you're
going to create a Gestapo like agency
that's going to be on top of this
frankly I don't think there's the
competence or the will of the money to
do that I don't think they're going I
don't think they're going to like we're
gonna be responsive to I don't think the
administration is worried about that
frankly I don't see that as a huge fear
I just I I think my theory about
politics is you take it where you can
get it and if somebody is motivated to
get involved in the immigration issue
more because they see a tweet about
1,500 missing kids from the Department
of Homeland Security I mean I think
journalists should do better than that
because it makes me question their
journalism if they don't know the
difference but for your average you know
Twitter warrior or someone who has just
gotten activated
I'm all for it and it's interesting
because it sort of dovetails a little
bit you know because there's like there
are some people who you know I think
it's important to that people are aware
that this is immigration policy that the
problem is we have a failure of dealing
with immigration real arge it's not just
a function of Trump although I'm also
not convinced that largely speaking it's
not just a function of Republicans I got
to be honest with you I don't remember
too much of the immigration bill
immigration reform bill that was up in
2004 I think it was her five I don't
remember too too much about the one that
was up I guess five years ago in 2013
maybe it was parts of it I know I didn't
like they had like a guest worker
program which i think is a little bit
problematic in terms of the of abuse but
if everybody gets into the system you
don't have situations like this where
you have teenagers who are living
underneath a trailer in a trailer park
in their own feces so that they can work
for near nothing in a chicken factory
you don't get stuff like this here is
from GE o news this this is there's a
year ago I guess almost two years ago
20:16 and they were really ramped up
there's a lot of businesses that ramped
up after Donald Trump got elected if you
were one of those people who are smart
enough to go long in 2015 on things like
for-profit universities or things like
construction of penal institutions or
detention centers or detention centers
for infants then you did quite well in
the stock market GE o is a one of these
companies that makes detention centers
right that we call Brandon the detention
centers prisons concentration camps
camps that concentrate people in one
area and in April they rolled out their
new specialized transport buses here you
have it folks this is the latest in
transport technology it is two four six
eight ten twelve about thirty seats in
one of those short shuttle buses each
one equipped with a new Graco high
quality booster seat there it is the car
seats for all the kids there the
expansion created new demands to and
already so the expansion of the Carnes
County residential Center was completed
in early December 2015 so look this
order was not just about Donald Trump
and increased the capacity to 1158 beds
the expansion created new demands to an
already unique transportation mission
requiring larger capacity vehicles to
provide off-site field trips these
filling trips are part of the contract
with the u.s. immigration Customs
Enforcement field trips are provided to
all children ages 4 through 17 enrolled
in educational programs provided by the
John H wood charter school
so we're gonna get it in multiple
different directions there you go folks
we're gonna take field trips gonna go to
the San Antonio Zoo there you go
and there oh wow look at that
well I wonder what happened will you
ever take that right there what happened
right there in ah there it is in
November for look at that boom the GEO
Group it just goes up and up and up and
there you go making America great again
you
