[Music]
[Music]
we came out of the Mara Lago Summit with
very high hopes
[Music]
with Sam's Sita the destiny of America
is always safer in the hands of the
people than in
they are unanimous we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex so much our
day report with sam cedar it is Monday
October 8th 2018 my name is Sam cedar
this is the five-time award-winning
majority report we are broadcasting live
steps from the industrially ravaged
Gowanus Canal in the heartland of
America downtown Brooklyn USA on the
program today professor of
african-american studies at the
University of Emory Carol Anderson on
one person no vote also on the program
today UN's IPCC issues a dire warning
about climate change we have 12 years to
avoid catastrophe also on the program
today Brett Kavanaugh seated welcome to
our new Lochner era meanwhile Susan
Collins rationalizes and Dems organized
and Brazil goes to a runoff between a
fascist ball Sarna and Bolton ro to face
had ad in three weeks Officer Jason van
Dyke convicted of second-degree murder
in the killing of laQuan McDonald and if
you are a voter in Georgia it's time to
Google salon Georgia vote purge to see
if
you are still registered got to do that
very quickly the Saudis reportedly kill
a Washington Post columnist in their
Embassy in Istanbul because the new
Prince apparently very forward-leaning
but also a little touchy and a touchy
meanwhile a Chinese national detained in
China forced to resign as president of
Interpol all this and more on today's
program
ladies and gentlemen so just a
programming note kids are off from
school today I am going to leave the fun
half to Michael the interview with Carol
Anderson recorded the other day before
Brett Kavanaugh was seated it is a
particularly relevant interview to give
us to give to give everybody a sense of
what we can anticipate at least in the
context of voting rights but also to
give you a historical perspective on
where the court has been and I think a a
good perspective on the way you should
view history in the context of what
we're seeing now with Brett Kavanaugh
because there have been in this country
obviously more than two sort of
irreconcilable at least to this point a
perspectives on how our democracy should
should work there have been other
perspectives in two major ones but and
which is not to say that there aren't
you know it's strongly a third or fourth
perhaps one being more democratic and
socialistic and the other being more
authoritarian and fistic but two major
forces that have run through our history
and
they really in many respects there's an
ebb and flow to where they how strong
they are
in terms of identifying with their core
brand proposition as it were but they
have never gone away and I think when
you hear the conversation I had with
Carol Anderson about what voting rights
were like following the the Civil War
and following really reconstruction and
you're going to see some parallels
between 100 and 50 years ago and today
130 years ago I guess and we're also
going to enter an era now with Cavanaugh
where we're gonna see some some things
that are parallel from the the first 25
years of the 2020s century really I
guess a 40 year period maybe from 1890
to may 50 years to the 37 where which is
known as the Lochner era we have talked
about it in this on this program in
various times you can go back and listen
some of the Milhiser conversations we've
had but it was a period when the Supreme
Court regularly struck down economic
regulations in addition to upholding a
lot of laws that disenfranchised voters
so basically attack the rights of
minorities and of poor people and
enhance the rights of corporations that
is the sort of 101 version of what the
Lochner era is and we are about to enter
a new Lochner era
the only upside that I can say to this
and it you know it's one of these things
where it's this is I don't even want to
say it's a silver lining around a cloud
try and stay positive in these
situations but there is no calculation
whatsoever where this isn't a massive
net negative
not to mention Kavanagh is a guy who I
think is is driven by the most hyper
partisan ideological find a result and
then reverse engineer how you're going
to argue to get their type a judge who's
going in with a apparently quite a chip
on his shoulder not to mention a series
of lies that he told to the committee I
mean we just had the day after the vote
Chief Justice John Roberts received more
than a dozen judicial misconduct
complaints against Brett Kavanaugh which
a judge on the US Court of Appeals of
the DC Circuit because Merrick garland
who is the Chief Justice of that Court I
don't think that's what they call it
but the head judge of that court recused
himself for obvious reasons and handed
over to Karen la Kraft Henderson she
dismissed some of the complaints against
Cavanaugh as being frivolous others she
said warranted serious consideration
they were based upon lies that he told
during his hearings so the guy is
best-case-scenario a proven liar and an
obvious liar he obviously it and beyond
that
you know people make their own
assessment here is Susan Collins now
look here's the deal people were saying
they know why is Susan Collins getting
so much grief about this vote as opposed
to say the other 50 people mostly men
who voted for Susan cover for Kavanagh
why not
Joe Manchin to start with joe Manchin's
a Democrat at least nominally he's a
horrible Democrat from a red state joe
Manchin if Susan Collins does not vote
for Brett Kavanaugh joe Manchin also
does not vote for Brett Kavanaugh that
is the reality there would have been no
space for him to do it he would have
never been the deciding vote it's still
not helpful to have him vote for Brett
Kavanaugh it's indicative of in many
respects what a corrupt guy he is but
that's the reality of the situation
there's a reason why they timed it all
the way they did there's a reason why
Manchin waited for Collins to announce
before he announced because he had to
make sure that she was actually going to
do what she said she was going to do
when they were meeting all together and
they had a sense of where they were all
meeting and by all of them I mean flake
and Murkowski and Manchin that's why
Manchin announced after Collins because
that is how his his vote was contingent
upon her vote and the reason why Susan
Collins gets more grief than the rest of
the Republicans who voted for Kavanagh
is because she has branded herself in a
specific way as a protector of women's
rights even though she's a Republican
she has branded herself as a so-called
moderate
and then she went on the floor of the
Senate and basically argued just about
everything you could without bringing up
pizza gate she is not a moderate she may
be slightly less strident when she
speaks but that's not the point of being
a moderate in the Senate she votes with
Trump consistently and then she goes on
CNN and tries to sell this garbage do
you still think it is possible that he
did it you just don't have the proof to
back that up I do not believe that Brett
Kavanaugh was her sailin so I do believe
that she was assaulted I don't know by
whom and I'm not certain when but I do
not believe that he was the so people
watching you hearing you say that you
understand that they'll think that
you're saying you don't believe her that
that she I know you say that she
believes that that he was but maybe she
was wrong but if she said that under
oath and he said that under oath you
made a decision that he said is more
valid than what she said in this country
we have a positive positive per second
okay she doesn't want to answer that
question because the answer is obvious
but also note that she can't she can't
just decide that Blasi Ford was accurate
in the fact that something happened to
her she doesn't know who did it though
she doesn't believe her about who did it
but what she's also not saying is that I
also don't believe that she that she
must have made up or imagined mark judge
being there and she must have made up or
imagined the existence of PJ and her
close friend who was was there at the at
the party like how nuts the susan
collins have to believe that Blasi Ford
is to say this
I mean it's one thing to say I'm going
to have a completely unreasonable
standard in which to reject this guy's
application for the highest court in the
land for a lifetime appointment it's one
thing to say that I'm gonna have a
standard that's actually even higher
than it would be in a civil court this
is in court but it goes criminal
standard civil standard if you were
going to sue for wrongful for harm or
something it would be there's a lawsuit
that she could file that standard is not
beyond a reasonable doubt and this isn't
even a civil court proceeding
this isn't even a magistrate proceeding
this is a job interview this is we're
gonna sign off on you being hired for a
lifetime appointment but she makes up a
standard and then pretends this is how
Craven Susan Collins is continued tree
we have a presumption of innocence and
as a matter of fairness what I decided
to use as a standard was the question of
is it more likely than not that Bret
kavanah assaulted Christine Ford and
there was no corroborating evidence that
he did so each of the posit well but
there was corroborating evidence and
everybody knows it the fact that Blasi
Ford had told her therapists seven years
ago six years ago that Cavanaugh had
done it was corroborating evidence the
fact that Plaza that Cavanaugh was a
blackout drunk and there was plenty of
corroborating evidence to the the idea
that he was lying about that
like you
the calendar with the names and that I
mean somehow Blasi Ford got it down to
almost the week that he was at a party
with those same people but she doesn't
have the ability to know who assaulted
her I mean this is absurd it's absurd
it's embarrassing that she actually goes
on television to try and push this stuff
but Susan Collins made a decision the
other day and Lindsey Graham made this
decision a couple of weeks ago McCain is
gone they have lost the cover of their
being some other sort of like third way
in the Republican Party and their future
lies in basically becoming louie gohmert
just a little bit you know more polite
and now I don't know how much they've
raised now that will go to Susan Collins
uh it's over with three point five
million dollars you know they crashed
the website within I think within a half
an hour of that but this isn't all giant
disgusting speech of hers this is why
Susan Collins deserves to be hit on this
it's not like she just made the vote and
walked away she is trying to sell it she
is her job her job and she will get paid
for it she will get paid in support like
we've never seen for Susan Collins from
the Republican Party her job was to go
out there and sell this to Republican
women and muddy the waters and be the
shill for the Republican Party that's
what her job is
you know it's Orrin Hatch's job to
dismiss the woman with a wave and chuck
Grassley to say women are too busy to be
on the Judiciary Committee did you not
hear that yeah do we have another sound
list you should grab it to play that
later in the fun half chuck Grassley
overheard saying the reason why there
are no
public in women on the Judiciary
Committee is it's too much work for them
so this is where we are and I mean you
know you can the importance of this
midterm election is obviously huge and
there is still a path to the Senate it
is you know very difficult very
difficult but we are a month away from
the election I use Heidi Heitkamp as
just as an example the people who are
motivated to vote for a Heidi Heitkamp
by this process are going to be just as
motivated on November 8th as they were
yesterday the people who were activated
in defense of Brett Kavanaugh and
against the feminazis who would in some
way endanger a potentially great man's
opportunity to become a great man they
will not be as motivated and so it's not
just enough to vote but go out and knock
on some doors tell your friends to vote
vote early taking the Senate is pretty
crucial at this point it's going to be
much harder because a lot of the reason
why the house is much easier at this
point is because those districts where
there are basically Republican women in
the suburbs who are probably going to
stay home those tend to be the swing
districts and so
those are the low-hanging fruits but
when you have red states I think there
are 10 states where you have Democratic
senators running or ten Democratic
senators running in red states much
harder so go out organize and the you
know the next step is going to be to
talk about reform of the Supreme Court
and I you know people are also talking
about reform of the Senate that's long
overdue you know we should say the
Senate originally I hope people know was
not elected by the people in the state
it was elected by the state legislatures
we were chosen essentially right I mean
there was an election but I have a
feeling it probably wasn't terribly
contested for those first hundred years
more or less do you think statehood
would be a good first step as far as
that goes for DC and Puerto Rico without
a doubt it's absurd it's absurd but
that's that is a step one in terms of
refer you know reformation of the Senate
getting rid of the electoral college
more democratic reforms but I also think
that pushing for court packing I've
stayed this before in my opinion term
limits on the court will be more durable
but push for court packing by all means
because if that is a legitimate threat
on the table then a term limit is much
more likely and there should also be to
that end get a commitment from your
representatives to hold hearings on
Brett Kavanaugh whether he lied and
certainly Brett Kavanaugh should want
that to clear his name to get out from
under this cloud to show all of those
clintonites who ginned up all
of these claims against him that he
didn't lie go through the Mannie Miranda
stuff when he stole when he received
stolen information 12 years ago go
through the questions of his drinking go
through the documents that the Bush
administration has we're gonna see some
of those they're gonna be fired soon all
this should be revisited there's there
is no other path there is no other path
folks because you know we get a report
today from the IPCC yesterday there's
only 12 years to keep warming to a
maximum of 1.5 degrees Celsius beyond
which even half a degree will
significantly worsen the risks of
droughts floods extreme heat poverty for
hundreds of millions of people you know
I've said this I haven't talked about it
for a while but James Lovelock the guy
who found the hole in the ozone layer
was asked 10 years ago 12 years ago what
he thinks we should do about climate
change and he says essentially oh yeah
take a time machine it's a conversation
we should have had 30 years ago he
predicted by the end of this century the
world's population would be 80% less
than it is now go from 6 billion to 1
billion Europe will be sub-saharan by
2080 he walked it back after a couple of
months when people like you can't say
that because people are gonna give up
but
we have a problem in this in this
country I mean obviously we have a
problem with China they've got to dial
back significantly if this is the case
we've got to dial back significantly but
China's certainly not going to do it if
we don't do it and here's the problem
you can argue and I know very few people
who listen to this program do although
there there are some you can argue that
Clinton and the Democrats wouldn't have
done anything differently but the fact
of the matter is no matter how much we
agitate Donald Trump and the Republican
Party who control all the levers of
government right now there is no way to
get this country to do anything beyond
maybe in California you can do stuff
there's no way to have a policy a
national policy that is going to rise to
the occasion we're going to have to
their subsidiary this may be the most
important story of the day but the it is
subsidiary in terms of the order in
which it can be addressed that's just
the reality a million people could march
tomorrow in Washington about climate
change and Donald Trump will come out
and say it's it's a hoax and he will
perceive it as helpful to his reelection
that is the problem if Hillary Clinton
was president I don't care how
neoliberal she is a million people on
the streets of of Washington DC
all of whom voted for her would make a
difference that's the reality of
politics maybe on the day they both get
elected their intentions are equally the
same I don't believe that but let's just
assume let's just stipulate that but the
reality of politics is for us to now
influence the the policy of the American
government in terms of climate change
we're going to have to make sure that we
have more elected Democrats than
Republicans that is that's it and then
hope that red Cavanaugh does not start a
jihad on that court with the other
lunatics to basically invalidate every
regulation that we could pass as a
country to address climate change so not
saying voting is the only thing that you
should do but for the next four weeks
it's the most important thing you should
be thinking about and not just your vote
other people's votes so do a foam Bank
walking around your neighborhood even
and when you get to that last house on
the street ask them to go walk or hunt
and walk the other direction very very
important all right we're going to take
a break do this interview with the Carol
Anderson on her book one person no vote
Michael be doing the fun half see in a
minute
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program the
professor of african-american studies at
Emory University and author of The New
York Times bestseller white rage on her
latest one person no vote how voter
suppression is destroying our democracy
Carol Anderson welcome back to the
program oh thank you so much for having
me Sam I have to start off by telling
you that and in my audience that if they
have not read white rage do everybody a
favor and please do it is it has really
had an indelible mark on on me and
changed sort of my perspective on on on
race in this country on history on some
level and has influenced a lot of
interviews I've done since then I mean I
feel like we spoke just months ago but I
know it was a couple years ago and so I
really appreciate that work and then
people should go and listen to the
interview after they read your book but
