on the phone is a pleasure to welcome to
program Domingo Morales an assistant
professor at Rutgers University Newark
on his book takeover race education and
American democracy released on the
Oxford University Press this year
Domingo welcome to the program hey
thanks for having me Sam glad to be on
ok so lets imeem let's just place into
context the the process and the
circumstances of what leads to the
takeover and we're talking about the
state takeover of a local school
district in general what's the process
and what are the circumstances that lend
us to that situation yeah so there have
been different iterations of of state
takeovers but the the policy of a state
takeover really emerges in the 1980s and
they late 1980s out of this kind of
accountability kind of reform movement
based on the idea that schools that are
not doing well not performing well
academically or have financial issues
need to be taken over by the state
government in order to a produce better
educational outcomes and have better
management of the school's financially
and otherwise and so this is happen
starts to really happen in 1980s by the
1990s 2002 picks up and currently
there's still there's kind of a
different type of takeover that we are
starting to see happen now with places
like New Orleans and in Tennessee and so
forth we can talk about that a greater
Lantern later on but that's what we
start to see happen and so again it's a
it's an initiative intervention based on
the idea that their school districts are
not doing what they need to be doing and
producing the adequate education for
their students I mean because it feels
like there are a couple of different
eras in which the takeovers operate and
and we I mean let's start with the with
the 80s in terms of when these laws
first started to emerge because I think
by the time we get to the 2000s and
we're talking a place like like New
Orleans in particular it becomes more of
the privatization the the impetus seems
to me at least to be somewhat based in
privatization of schools and they sort
of the introduction of charters and
whatnot and I wonder if like the 1980
laws were in some way a a function of of
national politics or push back on things
like busing or what was I mean what was
but more specifically I guess the
impetus for these laws when they first
got on the books yeah and so what I
argue in my book is that most of the
attention has been on whether these
types of takeovers actually really
produce being desirable educational
outcomes right and what really what I'm
trying to argue that it's really a a
political imperative and so that we need
to look at not just education outcomes
like test scores graduation rates and so
forth that we really need to understand
how the politics of takeovers shape the
idea of a takeover and the implications
that come after that and so by looking
at it from a political perspective then
takeover starts to make a little bit
more sense and so in the 90 per tick
you'll early as they emerge in the in
the 1980s and so what I argue in the
book is that by the 1960s and 1970s we
have this centralization of state power
and that centralization of state power
is a result of what's happening at the
national level in the nineteen sixties
and the local level late nineteen
sixties and so as you know and many of
your listeners will know about the 1960s
under Lyndon Johnson the national level
government is taking on these policies
and and passing legislation that a pro
civil rights agenda so that's you know
the Voting Rights Act the Civil Rights
Act and in addition to all of that we
see under Lyndon Johnson and the Great
Society programs the expansion of
dollars that go from the national
government directly to cities in ways
that we've never seen before in our
history in the 1960s and guess what
these dollars are going now to cities
that are increasingly becoming majority
black and are increasingly led by
african-american leaders and at the
school board level at the City Council
level and eventually the mineral level
and so there is a response to all of
that by conservatives which battle you
know late 1963 nineteen seventies are
consolidating within the Republican
Party they they find that their level of
to gain influence and to gain power it
has to be at the state level since we
see what's happening at the national and
we see what's happening at the local
level and so you know many people are
familiar with this new federalism that
was you know pushed by Nixon and then
eventually expanded by Reagan this idea
that power was being devolved
decentralized from the national level to
the state level that was in response to
that and in addition while that's
happening this devolution from federal
power to state our government state
government starts to centralize power
and start intervening in localities in
ways they had never done before and we
see this happening most prominently with
education and education happens to be
one of the few areas in the 1980s where
actual funding to localities is
increasing right and so this this
consolidation of power at the state
level by conservatives is a response to
to that growth of black political
empowerment in cities because black
political empowerment presented
political challenges to to these
conservatives and you know what I write
in the book that there's two major
challenges one is that african-americans
are gaining political power in cities
and they'll be coming from when so not
only in cities but in states because of
the heavy concentration
population in these central cities and
so that means that they have power down
on the cities but in their states and in
addition to that these communities and
black communities they're making demands
for more resources for their schools and
they're actually winning they're winning
court cases that lead to more funding
and so the the conservative response to
this is to intervene in schools and take
overs only happen as a policy so states
start to pass takeovers takeover Lords
only after communities actually when
court cases securing more resources
right and so we don't get state
takeovers of local school districts
without that we don't get first
communities have to win and this is
again between the 1980 and 2000 that
period that you're talking about which
in my book I called the incubation
period of takeovers they these takeover
laws only get passed after communities
actually when these court cases and so
one you know one of the I think
interesting are data points and in the
book is you know between 1980 and 2000
there are 18 cases where plaintiffs win
court cases to secure more resources and
in 14 out of those 18 cases take our
state's pass takeover long
well only states that had the only
states that don't pass takeover logs are
Montana South Dakota Vermont and Wyoming
and so I don't have to tell you what the
percentage the black residence is in in
these states but they happen to be the
widest states in the country and so
takeover laws are passed in response to
this and so without this and without
black political and prominent cities we
actually don't get they takeovers of
local school districts that's
fascinating and so and now let me just
back up for a moment because the the
argument at the the thesis that that
you're making here is that it is
inherently informed by race and by a
race or racial dichotomy between power
that is at the very least accessible to
two black folk into minorities in the
urban centers and this is a challenge to
the authority of those in the state
houses who for the most part tend to be
white
let is there any data on the educational
outcomes I mean so that we can you know
shift more to the sort of like the the
implications for democracy and the the
political power is there any is there
any data for educational outcomes like
is there any evidence out there that
when a state takes over you get these
sort of dramatically better educational
outcomes which could possibly justify it
yeah so so to that question directly so
the the results are mixed and
particularly be the research that we saw
happen during this period again the
1980s to to early 2000s it's it's really
mixed and so there's no conclusive
evidence at this stage where take over
to actually lead to better outcomes we
can talk about you know later research
and so forth but what I do want to make
the point I think the major point here
is that these schools clearly the school
districts are clearly struggling they
have always struggled and so I think
that you know that's important for us to
understand but the the research what the
research is pretty clear about is that
if we're going to improve school
districts we need collaboration we need
all hands on deck we need the state to
be invested we need the national
government to be invested but a key
component to all of this is that you
can't eliminate the local community from
the decision-making that just is not
going to lead to better outcomes and so
going back to you know to your to your
main question here is that these clip
these districts clearly have struggled
and in fact you know one of the main
case studies in my book is the City of
Newark and you know so I argue you know
I show looking at historical and
historical account of the City of Newark
in 1967 you know what most people call a
riot
Newark is actually called a rebellion
took place in workwear 23 people died
and the year after the the governor of
the state of New Jersey commissioned a
study and that that study pointed to all
of the factors that led to this uprising
in the world and one of the major
factors were the schools and the reports
stated that number one you had a
majority African American population
that had no political power when it came
to the school and so that it needed to
address that that was one of the points
of resentment and number two that the
schools were dismal they weren't they
didn't have the resources that they
needed the buildings were falling apart
they didn't have enough teachers the
dropout rate was over 30% and most of
all they didn't have enough seats for
every Newark student to be able to
attend the schools and so this is in
1967 1968 what the community decides to
do as they gain political power is to
advocate for more resources and and to
do the kinds of things that they need to
do to improve the schools and it's
precisely at the time that they're
actually gaining the resources because
of these court cases and in the state of
New Jersey that the state comes in and
takes over the school district and so I
just want to be very clear that it you
know the argument here is that these
school districts are no stellar and that
takeovers are happened no these schools
are struggling but that the key to
improving the school districts requires
collaboration and acquires effort from
all parties including local the local
communities which they did and they have
continuously done and it is you know I
argue in the book it's precisely because
they're doing the kind of things that
they need to be doing and fighting for
their kids and fighting for more
resources that invites this types of
intervention and so the the intervention
becomes a way to make sure that the
resources are controlled by the right
people that I mean depending on your
perspective I guess somebody locally
would say the wrong people but from the
state's perspective we don't have access
these are federal dollars they're
bypassing us we want to be
able to control how those are spent and
and I think you know noise so good so
just to be clear I just wanted because
it's not really federal dollars it's
actually State dollars which is
critically important to the story here
you know federal dollars only account
for about 10% of local funding across
the board and so the increase in funding
is actually coming from the state
government which kind of produces this
resentment that we see I see on urban
they legislate and it's it's it's
funding that comes from the state but it
is it is mandated by in the wake of a
court order that said you're under
underfunding this and states tend to
have and I wonder how much this is in
play in these states that you talk about
to when you you know you have a finite
number of these takeovers how many of
these court orders are predicated on a
state constitution that says the state
has an obligation to educate all of its
citizens
well so in these court cases again going
back to this period the incubation
period between 1980 and 2000 the these
court decisions the courts are making
this decision based on their
constitutions saying that these schools
need to be funding these the states need
to be funding these schools adequately
based on their Constitution so this is a
critical part of it and the first thing
where this happens is in New Jersey
becomes kind of like the DES model for
other states to follow and you know I
argue there's no surprise that because
New Jersey becomes the first day to do
this based on what their Constitution
says that it becomes the first state in
the country to pass a state takeover law
and the first state in the country to
actually take over a school district in
1989 the Jersey City Schools and and and
and you make the point in the book too
that not only is this a question of of
maintaining control over resources but
that school boards tend to be the point
of entry for people of color into
politics because of I guess the
localized nature is that what it is
the
or I mean what's going on there because
and and and I would just add that I'm
we're seeing this uh you know in about
three or four red states that tend to be
a little wider but we saw this in
Chicago it seems to me that teachers are
a and and issues around education tend
to have the ability to expand into other
issues into the community because I
think a lot of educators will tell you
that if the inputs if we have frankly a
poor community a community living in
poverty the educational outcomes are
going to be totally implicated by that
yeah and so you know when when
marginalized communities and we're
talking particularly here about
african-american communities and Latino
communities when when they don't have
the access to the levers of political
power and we saw this particularly in
the 1960s and 1970s the path to
political empowerment was the schools so
where they couldn't participate anywhere
else they were able to participate or
try to influence school politics and
then eventually the path to political
apartment was paid through the school so
before we had black mayors and before we
had Latino mayors we've had black and
Latino City Council members and before
we had black and Latino City Council
members we had black and Latino school
board members and so that's the
trajectory and so political empowerment
in these cities is paid through the
schools and so one of the major
questions that I was you know kind of
motivated my research was thinking about
takeovers really as you know again this
political policy and thinking about what
what types knowing that the school board
and schools in general are critical
parts of a community's political
empowerment how it takeover is affecting
this and you know what the research I
find that it's having an effect on
school boards but beyond school boards
as well it's having a it's basically
excluding people from the decision
making process
and once you take the foundation away
from a community which the school serve
as the political foundation of a
community then it has implications
beyond the schools as well
