the idea that Kevin was not a big
drinker in high school I mean I know he
likes beer ah the alcohol yeah he likes
beer but I want to mention is why it's
important because there was a lot of
some Republicans like to say while you
all you're examining his high school
yearbook for evidence that he drank this
is ridiculous
look at you you know oh he drank and
that matters
it actually mattered quite a lot because
all three sexual misconduct allegations
against him say that he was heavily
drinking that involved alcohol and Brett
Kavanaugh defense when he got up there
and he was asked you know I love that he
gave the reasons why you should believe
him he said I wasn't this person I was
not the person that describing me as it
horrible
you know belligerent drunken frat bro I
was studious I went to church I
volunteered at the soup kitchen he was
that I was a good kid and so that simple
that makes it important and if it's if
it's false if it turns out that all of
that is completely false which it is
then that both number one is again Padre
but also affects his credibility on the
eye on the accusation itself right this
goes to the Blumenthal's Latin saying
false and one thing false in all things
which is evidence that judges give to
juries to in in regards to witnesses who
have testified let's just go through
some of the evidence that he's more than
just an ordinary social drink oh yeah
you know I keep finding more evidence I
just I like literally five minutes
before we got on this episode of this
interview I just found a Yale Daily News
article that said he ran weekly tailgate
parties during his time at Yale he
hosted them every week so you just keep
finding myself and a new and a new
person came out yesterday
who
that Yale with him and actually
recounted a violent incident in which he
threw a beer in the guy's face and
started a fight but you just have so so
many quotes I mean from really
distinguished alumni of Yale people
you're the head of gynecological
oncology at the University of Washington
came out and said I used to booze with
Brett all the time in college and he's
full of it freshman year roommate yeah
you knew your time starts with dozen
people the yearbook is full of
references that he literally has a
hundred tags or bust on his yearbook
page right this is just such a
ridiculous picture for him to try to
paint because it's so contradicted by so
many people who knew him so I mean just
because he was the treasurer of the keg
City Club do you think that means that
he likes to drink a lot or is he is he
like to maybe just he likes to handle
money well we don't know because what
this is one thing that they never asked
him the what keg does not appear in the
transcript of the hearing which is kind
of shocking because to me like the mock
judge said I think it is memoir that
they had a contest to try and get to a
hundred kegs in one school year go
through 110 and bring caramel has it on
it has it on his yearbook page so you
think if you were examining the the
alcohol related facts that would be
something to mention but they didn't ask
about it so we don't know much about the
keg vide club White House asked him
about his his and I didn't catch until I
read your piece that it wasn't just it
well it didn't just say mentioned that
he ralphed a lot but it was specifically
tied into the beach week Ralph's Club
yeah as if his stomach was only upset at
beach week because presumably this food
is spicy on beach week oh yeah they go
to South beaches in Thailand yeah I
don't know oh yeah I mean it was just
ridiculous right because he's asked
about the beach week Ralph
I mean if you watch watch the exchanges
cuz they're hilarious because he's asked
I think by Sheldon Whitehouse he says
well could you explain what ralphing
means in the beach week Ralph's Club and
he said no it is vomiting but I have a
very sensitive stomach everyone knows
that and Sheldon Whitehouse says okay
but was it also alcohol-related and
Keller says ah do you like beer I like
beer the question he says in fact he
says quote that probably refers to
throwing up probably I'm known to have a
weak stomach and I always have in fact
the last time I was there you asked me
about having ketchup on spaghetti I
always had a weak stomach this is well
known anyone who knows me a lot of these
people behind me they know me whole my
whole life you know you know I got a
weak stomach whether it's with beer or
spicy food or anything what do you spend
in response to the next follow up and
she says like Canada I went to Yale yeah
here goes so the vomiting revolution at
the Ralph Club reference related to the
consumption of alcohol senator I was at
the top of my class academically busted
my button school buddy capped at a
varsity basketball team got into Yale
College when I got into Yale College got
into Yale Law School
worked my tail off so I wasn't alcohol
related and I went to Yale and you go
what does that mean thank you people not
drink a lot of alcohol
yeah no alcoholics it Yale George W Bush
put the yale for god thing I mean then
wait a second our reflection White House
goes did it relate to alcohol you
haven't answered that Cavanaugh says I
like beer I like beer I don't know if we
did White House says okay do you like
beer senator or not you know when you
read this stuff like you know we watched
it in the context of like our
three-and-a-half you're just like uh
but when you see it isolated like this
yeah it's not it's like a conversation
if if we turn this into like
you know gummy worms and they were some
missing from the cabinet and I asked my
five-year-old son like did you have
gummy worms and he goes Billy was mean
to me today at school I'm not asking you
that in a gummy worm yeah believe that
the Senate failed to pin him down on
some of this stuff because he is just I
mean he wasn't answering anything he was
doing this and it's just it was just the
whole way through he was doing this it
seems like it's a way of trying to avoid
having to tell a lie but he also told a
bunch of outright lies so I don't see
what he was doing the thing is that you
can think about the fact that he could
have constructed a far more plausible
explanation he could have just said when
I was young I was a jock and I drank a
lot I used to drink I used to party I
used to love it
I recovered and now I'm a judge and
people should appreciate that but
instead he just constructed two totally
fictitious stories and and I won't ask
you to speculate why someone might do
that if they felt but I think a lot of
people can say like well I guess if I
knew I was a blackout drunk in high
school and in college conceding that
might concede that I might not be the
best witness as to what I did or did not
do in certain situations but yeah the
arwing it could be very hard the the
Renata there the Renata one let's talk
about this because example of something
that really he could have just said
sorry
double down repeatedly well I mean just
out just lay it out for folks because
this is the yeah when I've talked about
it over the weekend this is the moment
that I find in some ways the most
stunning in some ways but go ahead yeah
I agree with you and it seems like a
small one but I think it's a really big
one which is so
you all saw the guys on the football
team you this girl named Renata or
innate and she in their yearbook and and
won a couple of the Georgetown prep
students have given quote to the New
York Times saying that they had the
football players had really disgusting
things about her and they all used to
like pretend they'd gotten with her and
have real innuendos about her and indeed
in the yearbook they all list themselves
as like members of the Renata Alumni
Club they have a caption and Brett
Kavanaugh has it on his page too and he
and so when she found out about this she
actually initially find the letter in
support of him but when she found out
that she didn't yet had never known that
this was in the yearbook and when I was
presented to her she said she was
horrified she couldn't believe that they
would have done that to her she's really
hot um and yet Cavanaugh is admitting
that they were really harmful to this
girl and I said oh no no no it had
nothing to do with sexual bragging and
it couldn't have because I never
actually had any interest excellent
direction with her that was his argument
he said it was just a tribute to a dear
friend and this media circus is turning
this sixth and then he poses her
defender and he said and you're bringing
up this what dragging this woman's name
through shame on you right and the thing
is he was really despicable to this girl
in high school and now it's like lying
about it and pretending it's just such
an awful thing to do and there's also
confirmation that it was about the
effects because both were in the
yearbook there's a little poem that's
impossible to mistake for anything else
and it names
well what well there were two things
that were interesting about this one his
lawyer had put out a different statement
about this than he did right that uh
which I was surprised that did not come
up but also this is one of those moments
where you know all the other stuff
you know you need to sort of like like
think about it for a half a second this
is what the one instance of where occurs
to me like every single person in that
room his wife his mom his dad all of his
supporters all of his detractors every
single one of those senators the
prosecutor people holding microphones
every single person in that room knew
that he was lying about this and no one
said a word
no it's startling well you know it's
very telling to me when he gave a speech
a couple of years ago where he said what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep and that's a good thing
and I think what you're seeing here is
the kind of wagon circling protecting
their own thing that elites do like that
the Yale Club usually does I mean it's
not really working for Greta Cavanaugh
because we have like a list of Yale
alumni who are all saying he's lying but
yeah you can see that the Georgetown
Prep people like you know maybe they
know inside that he's lying but nobody
nobody says in a thing because you don't
say things about a fellow whatever but
it also it also struck me just even the
people who were not supporters of him
like you know everybody they knew he was
lying
and it was just amazing to me that that
nobody said come on judge you're lying
we know you're lying you're lying about
that and I don't know I thought that was
pretty crazy I mean there was the
devil's triangle thing you know about it
being a drinking game and you know I
have to say like I I cop to not knowing
what devil's triangle was I mean so but
the interesting thing is if you watch
the moment where he said it it's really
funny because there's a long pause and
so yeah I I had friends in you about
this and who
and you know there who informed me that
it has I mean I have a number of
definitions it's like the title of a
King Crimson album but it's not a
drinking game there's no drinking game
he just made that one up and it's pretty
clear that among fratty people this is
kind of what that they would be
referring to the sexual definitions of
what the time and so you know when if
you watch the moment it's really funny
because sheldon whitehouse goes Devil's
Triangle and Brett Kavanaugh goes
silence silence drinking game and then
White House instantly he he jumps on it
and he goes well how they played a
Cavanaugh house three cups in a triangle
do you think he do you think in mid this
is my sense that that was practiced like
that was not off the top of his head
they went through this and they said how
are you going to explain this yeah yeah
they did practices what the devil drive
watching what are you gonna say when
they say they're really gonna say with
that today which is interesting because
you think if he practiced about she
wouldn't have perjure themselves so much
well yes and and I mean I at the moment
I feel like I saw that practicing like
the the narrowness of the practicing was
when Durban changed it up and said
personally do you feel that there should
be an FBI investigation personally and
that's where he got stumped because he
had practiced like do you think there
should be one I'm willing to do whatever
the committee says but personally yeah
and then he just sort of stopped there
and looked to Grassley like dude aren't
you supposed to jump in here I mean it
was really poor theater obviously to the
extent that they ended up having to ask
for this FBI inquiry
