[Music]
we are back Sam cedar
on the majority report on the phone it
is a pleasure to welcome back to the
program Jane Mackel Vivi she is a labor
activist and author of noir SH no
shortcuts organizing for power in the
new Gilded Age and Jane welcome to the
show
we were just talking before we started
to record that I was saying it really I
guess is the new new Gilded Age but you
were anticipating where we are today as
opposed to maybe where we were two weeks
ago yeah well and I even said first of
all it's lovely to be here
it's great to be on your show it
actually always is so um I think when I
wrote when I wrote the title of the book
and it was it was it was partly because
it was clear to me that we were heading
back to a Gilded Age it's it's been
feeling right from the crash of 2008 to
high rollers on Wall Street to messing
with the entire economy and not caring
to you know crashing the value of every
working person's retirement plan by
crashing you know the fight at the
Monday mortgage crash and that we have
there's like a disregard that's been
palpable and rising for the masses of
the workers in our country and by the
masses I mean like 90 percent of people
right there has been this you can see in
the Peter Thiel's and the Jeff Bezos is
and that you can feel a sort of a return
to a 1920s style country so to me it's
been obvious that it's coming and sadly
I feel like I am actually it is actually
here so so we've spoken about Janis V
asked me I think at least a couple of
times we've been anticipating this case
in some respects for really the past
couple of years because first version
was Friedreich's similar issue at hand
and then anton scalia decided to
leave his bodily form and leave the
ability for public sector unions to
easily fund themselves at least their
what the work they were doing for their
members and but now we have Neil Korsak
and we have this new case Janus V asked
me just I mean like I say I think this
audience is pretty familiar with it but
just sum up what the case was and it was
decided yesterday right before Kennedy
retired but well just sum up the case
for us sure I mean in essence most
simple level and I say look at Donald
Trump's tweet from yesterday about this
where he says lots of money will be
taken out of the coffers the Democratic
Party terrific ruling I mean that sort
of sums up what the purpose of the case
was in his own presidential tweet and
but what the case did was it said
essentially and if you belong to a
public sector Union meaning a teacher
firefighter you know anyone who works at
any level for any form of government at
the state county local level you can no
longer be and you can no longer pay
what's called an agency fee so it's it's
byzantines let me just say it this way
since 1977 in 1977 the US Supreme Court
in a case called Abood made a decision
that in the public sector workers who
work for the government would not have
to pay union dues but there is a
compromise in 1977 which said look the
truth is we have a system called
exclusive representation and every
worker has to be represented by the
Union no matter what so but there's a
compromise if they feel like their
political values are different than
their unions for example like who the
union endorses in political races you
know a worker should not be forced to
support the political objectives of a
union if they disagree that's 1977 let's
just say I feel like that was the Golden
Age right about now but anyway back in
1977 the court ruled there's a formula
but we've all had to play Wesley but you
know there's a formula that they issued
that you
essentially deduct how much money goes
to politics and advocacy work and you
come up with about 70 it averages about
75% of our workers dues call an agency
fee and the agency fee though is
something that if there's a union in the
facility then a worker can choose not to
be a member of the Union that they must
pay what's called the agency fee right
so they're paying for like the service
the representation the benefits of
collective bargaining so that was called
an agency fee and that's been settled
law as we used to think of the law
formally comp the former concept of
settled law which we're about to rip up
entirely right now right but so the
concept of you know that being settled
law why do I like roe v-- wade like many
other things they're about to rip up so
this is just you know one of many um so
sorry about that hang on a sec or should
I just keep talking through all right so
just keep that I know you're in a
teleport that's fun okay all right so um
I thought I didn't come into this room
so anyway so essentially that was 1977
and what they did yesterday it
technically would sort of say that
agency fees can no longer be charged the
problem is in the way they did the
ruling there's far more dangerous
there's a lot of danger that floats
around this ruling so first of all what
was the point the point was to
facilitate you know the next Gilded Age
really and the point was to take us back
to the 1920s to be perfectly honest
that's where they're going and the
Lochner era I mean they're taking the
goal of the people who took this lawsuit
and this just funded principally by the
Uline family I don't know if your
listeners know much about them it's good
to go google them right there and i
tweeted yesterday I included a good New
York Times piece that gave a breakdown
of the primary funders of the case so
you know for anyone to think this is
some innocent guy who's like didn't like
his Union I mean it's you know horse
crap right this is a very strategically
engineered case and Friedreich's was the
first round heresy claim what's the
first round it goes back to noxious I
you I mean they have been doing to labor
law what they're doing to the Voting
Rights Act and they're doing it on a
parallel track which is like every
session they engineer a case it's going
to challenge some part of the Voting
Rights Act some part of affirmative
action some part of labor law and it's
been death by a thousand cuts but some
cuts are
deeper and this cut was like to the
jugular right so um so so that's the
decision that they made yesterday but
what they had to do because public
sector law is different than private
sector labor law private sector labor
law is governed by the National Labor
Relations Act the NLRA so this did not
cover private sector workers which we
know are down to about six percent of
the you know workforce right so they
were going after they were taking their
aim at very strategically they were
aiming at where there are so large
numbers of workers and unions at the
power and financial base of the trade
union movement which is the only sector
capable of advancing any kind of
pushback on the billionaire class so
this is super strategic really well
thought through really well-planned
decades in the making they've been going
at it going at it going at it so what's
unique is that under public sector labor
law in the United States it's not
governed by the NLRA it follows a lot of
the same ideas laid out in the National
Relations Act right but public sector
laws are governed state by state so of
course you have these like state rights
guys just eviscerating state rights by
the way right at the same time so they
literally these are like mister the
black robes of the states rights people
oh except when it comes to workers
rights right so they throw states rights
out they engineer the case to call the
First Amendment case so that they can
create national decisions about a states
rights issue fundamentally which is
public sector labor law which has always
been governed at the state level so they
knew what they could not do was mess
with unions and states like New York
California Oregon Washington
Massachusetts like all the new jersey
like all of the states where unions are
still strong where we have better
benefits better where workers have
better lives or we have rent control or
you know like where the climate is
better for the working class they knew
that the that the Democratic leaning
states a so-called blue states would
never got unions in the way that the you
know more conservative states did long
ago and so they had to engineer
strategically engineer case that could
take what has always been a states
rights issue and make a national
decision to gut the financial power of
the working class in this country and
that is what they actually just did now
it's not the end of unions it
not I certainly don't believe that but
if you think about the immediate cycle
like now to 2018 elections they just
blew a hole in the financial resources
available to not just unions it's the
financial resources available to the
Democratic Party in Ian's right because
what's happening let me just just if I
could what so what's happening and my
understanding is I think maybe it was
SEIU was already pulling back funding in
anticipation of losing a and nobody
knows for sure how much revenue they're
going to lose because it's it's an
opt-in type of situation and my
understanding it's also there was also
elements of Alito's I think he is the
one who wrote the opinion that will also
raise the bar for the opt-in process
that it's going to make it even harder
than just like a decision but it's going
to be that much harder for for people to
I guess avoid the enticement of a free
rider situation now let me ask you this
so so yes it's going to starve resources
from the Democratic Party it's going to
starve resources from the any of the
operations of of the unions and they're
gonna need some time to sort of like
readjust and and have confidence who's
gonna pay these fees going forward I
guess and so that they can they you know
now is the time not to spend any money
it's to find out how much they're gonna
have in terms of revenue but you know
let me just ask you this I got a message
from a postal worker the other day
who said you know we're basically an
open shop but well you know we find that
in the context of the way that we work
it's pretty hard for people to avoid
paying their fair share because there's
a considerable amount of pressure how
much of the future is going to be a
function of that when we talk about
unions or how much is it going to be a
function of the unions reforming and
changing the way that they do business
and and and what's what's your take on
on
on both so a couple things one is yes
the postal workers so in 2003 and the
lovely old George Bush jr. there W he
did this already up to the federal
workers sort of on the heels the Patriot
Act he liked just snuck it in there so
most people don't understand that all
federal employees were sort of forced
into right to work back in 2003 so
that's you know that's I mean but a
death by a thousand cuts and there's
been a series of executive orders by the
way if we have time we should get back
to you that we're also just issued by
Trump several weeks ago that are the
next devastation to the federal
employees so let's we could come back to
them but supposed to workers right
they've been living under the system
since 2003 so have all the federal
workers unions I would say few things
one is the postal workers have very good
leadership right now so congratulations
like good job electing good smart
progressive leadership and that's part
of the message here and if you have you
know visionaries smart and let me use
the word small d-- democratic-- high
participation you know trade union
you're going to survive this but you
know you're going to survive it but it's
it's somebody say a lot of charge meant
to do it no it's not an argument to do
it like we need good unions anyway but
but the idea the idea that people are
going to it's a meet by the way to
mediate like it's a longer than to
effect immediately there's no transition
period so people fix are like even the
next human resource is all over the
country is going to be going crazy like
in the next week trying to figure out I
mean there's going to be a lot of money
immediately gone then it's an opt-in
system so like yes we'll survive it and
look the best the best evidence that
we're going to survive it and we and we
can if we do our work right continue to
lead the fight back in this country
which is what labor has long done is
looking at West Virginia right in
Arizona and Oklahoma and North Carolina
and all the states where we saw the most
incredibly beautiful militant struggle
this year in the streets putting real
pressure on winning things themselves
pour themselves in their families in
their communities they also live already
under these rules right so I say to
people look look at what happened in
West Virginia they already existed under
right-to-work law they already didn't
have agency fees they don't even really
have the right to collective bargaining
in the same way that people in sort of
so-called democratic-leaning or blue
states do so
when thirty-four thousand workers in
West Virginia decided you know we're not
going to wait for political solutions
we're just going to walk off and try and
fight for our health care and fight for
a raise and stop charter schools and
that privatization everything else they
did and they won so like in the happy
positive news department we need a lot
more of West Virginia and I don't mean
that kiddingly I mean that for real like
the only and just to clarify when we're
talking about these states we're talking
about teachers and and and we've covered
that but let me I mean teachers always
seem to me to be best situated to to
leverage their labor in these
circumstances because on day one and and
they've already they have already
developed deep ties with the community
because of the nature of their work
right I mean as a parent I know I want
access to my my teachers all the time
and I'm gonna develop you know a
relationship with the teachers of my
children and that you know there's
immediately I'm an ally of theirs with
my sanitation worker with you know the
guy who works on on fixing the street I
don't talk to those guys I don't you
know like me I may say hi in this net
but I don't have a personal connection
how do how do you nuns develop a a
similar relationship with the community
that teachers have you know as like part
of their you know as part of their job
on some level yeah so and one you're
right
and by the way postal workers similarly
like people actually like their postal
rights generally they know that they
know them and postal workers I mean I
I'm going out on a limb here they don't
actually have a statistic in front of me
but I think the postal service has been
one of the most impressive sources of
employing African Americans and African
American women in this country know like
there's there's a solidarity that runs
deep for a lot of reasons in the postal
service right they see each other all
the time they've got
you know certain fixed schedules they
build relationships and a lot of them
still do know their community in the
same way that you're expressing about
your teacher and certainly in in no
shortcuts right in my second book I
talked specifically about that there
will need to be strategic sectors going
forward to build a new labor movement as
they're coming at us and I say right I
argue for several chapters like it's
going to be health care workers and
education workers who are mostly women a
lot of people of color and who have
profoundly deep relationships
organically to their communities right
so I'm super in agreement with you that
this is like where we have to go now the
question is so what if they have less
relationship what do they do
what I practice as a as a negotiator and
an organizer and what I write about as
an author and theorist is something
called whole worker theory and by that I
mean when I'm working with workers in a
big campaign the first thing we have to
do is understand the power relationships
among in between the workers at work so
that's like task one if you're an
organizer like who leads who you know
who's the most trusted worker whose
opinion will other workers follow if
they're nervous or scared when the boss
starts you know bearing down on them in
either unionization Drive we're in a
tough contract fight and and and it's
essentially doing what I call power
search for analysis among in between
ordinary workers in the workplace part
two of that work to survive right now
and for us to push back against the
coming end of the entire New Deal which
is straight where they're going these
guys are not messing around so let's
come back to that but like what you have
to do to build more strategic
relationships from all workers is you
have to secondarily begin to chart and
by chart I mean literally chart like in
one-on-one conversations rank-and-file
leads like I train workers do it with
each other so they go out and they say
let's make a Social Survey of every
single person in the community that our
family is connected to our church our
little league our soccer club if they're
not education workers their kids school
their PTA like we systematically start
to chart the social relationships the
workers themselves hold in the community
then we begin to bring the workers
together across big workplaces and you
know geography any given or you know
state a locality where I'm working and
we say now you are going to go and that
takes a while right it's painstaking
work to like begin and eat people if I
could it's a serious organizer
conversation could like what do you want
to know you know where I go to but my
churches or my synagogue or my whatever
so and you know it's based on a trusting
relationship and then people can really
do this and you know we did it again in
the big 2016 campaign I was running so
and then instantly you begin to see
where where does where does the worker
base itself already have well-trusted
weld about relationships in their
community so it's actually a systematic
methodical approach to structuring and
building deep relationships between
workers into the community because
they've already got it so motion Ian's
just don't get this step of like the
workers identify what what assets
already exist in terms of relations all
right yeah like like nadie DS top-down
we're gonna build a labor Community
Coalition and it's like the union leader
goes and writes a check to some
community group and that's so much
weaker than realizing where it already
exists
yeah I get that in that all right so let
me ask you this that's the perspective I
would take if I would go in and I'm
working with unions and I would say look
the first step is let success I mean
that's you know if someone was to come
in and look at my business that's the
first thing that they would do to I
think they would say let's see how many
hits you're getting on YouTube let's see
how many you know where you're where
