look at one more moment from this
Cavanaugh interview because we're gonna
see a lot of this on Thursday presuming
the hearing actually happens Cavanaugh
this is where he's going to try and seem
like a normal human being you tell me
that you you decide we report you decide
here it is court I am the leading
federal judge in the country the leader
in the entire country of promoting women
law clerks to get Supreme Court
clerkships for the last seven years I've
been coaching girls basketball at
apposite for one second it is true about
the clerkships I believe and as we know
there's a certain look that judge
Kavanagh likes with his clerks
that lady is clicking that has been
reported although any schewe
joked about it and Amy Chu is one of his
character witnesses right so then she's
at Yale Law so it's not just a rumor
beauty contest it's a scholarship
program I mean yeah I mean maybe maybe
she's Milnes but in an uninformed which
dark she did reference it with regards
to her own daughter
it's not like it's out of the ether
let's go that's the ball as the moms
so what do you think is happening hold
on back up I there's like a weird this
is like a weird little yeah let's just
let this run because that's an
interesting pregnant Pross there to get
Supreme Court clerkships for the last
seven years I've been coaching girls
basketball as the moms so what do you
think is happening buddy I don't know
but I wanna I want a fair process where
I can defend my integrity and I know I'm
telling the truth I know my lifelong
record and I'm not gonna let false
accusations drive me out of this process
I have faith in God and I have faith in
the fairness of the American of people
America is about fairness and hearing
from both sides and I didn't do this or
anything resembling this these are this
was wrong so you are going to be pressed
on something that you just said about
people do things in high school and you
are all drinking were there times when
perhaps you drank so much was there ever
a time that you drank so much that you
couldn't remember what happened the
night before no that never happened you
never said to anyone I don't remember
anything about last night no that did
not happen did you ever have any sense
that any kind of the description of the
behavior that I just described with
these you know women being taken into
rooms and and raped or having sex with a
number of men consensual or otherwise
that that was going on at the parties
that you were at I never saw any such
thing any such thing I certainly never
participate in any such thing but I
never saw or heard of any such thing and
we we were I was focused on trying to be
number one in my class and being captain
of the varsity basketball team in doing
my service projects going to church the
the vast majority of time I spent in
high school was studying or focused on
sports
and being a good friend to the boys and
the girls that I was friends with we
have these great lifelong friendships
that are fantastic and supporting each
other through the ups and downs of life
and and you know there are an awesome
group of people I wonder what they were
talking about what happens at Georgetown
Prep stays at Georgetown Prep the
friendships we're not gonna tell anybody
about how I was so dogged about getting
to be the captain of the basketball team
and number one in my class remember that
stays there we don't have a G that we
don't we don't want to talk about that
kisses friendship that misses guy
doesn't like this is a problem this
guy's like out there trying to sell
himself as like I mean Jesus line up oh
right like this guy sounds like a pope
now and we have his college roommate
talking about this guy being completely
like beyond normal level of inebriation
and this guy's just talk couple of beers
but he goes to church so much and no one
who goes to church has ever abused a
child never look certainly not in
Catholic Church we all know that
identities for high school students are
transient but I don't quite understand
the bit if you and all your friends are
simultaneously not drinking and going to
church all the time and also making it a
big part of your yearbook questions are
about forgetting major events for
drinking and cakes right you know what I
want someone to ask him like what was
the name of that club that you were in
what was the nickname of that club was
at it and Clint do you I mean I would
like to hear him have to respond to that
for this choir boy what is a hundred
keggers mean what does that mean in high
school the means that was a square and I
was just envious of all the drinking
going on around me and wanted to present
that in my yearbook right because no one
in my crew would know that I wasn't at
those kegs getting drunk
if I put it in my yearbook they would
look back on their memories and say like
oh yeah I guess old Brett who we called
a super nerd cuz he was always going to
try and be number one in his class and
not come to the rape parties this stuff
does not the more this guy is out there
you understand why they wanted to do
this so quick cuz the more that's out
there he's incapable of telling the
truth about this stuff even the stuff
that's not bad because he's trying to
project some type of image but the
question has to be like why do you feel
like you have to create this wall where
you're a perfect person I mean I think
that's like what is it that you're
trying to avoid being tagged with right
because it gets I mean yeah it really
gets it gets really dark between like
even just things that are unacceptable
but you could like how many people you
know in that high school could you pull
out and they could say oh my god
I was involved in some you know stuff
that was onyx everybody everybody
everybody this guy it's like I mean yeah
I couldn't keep saying it maybe it's
sloppy to me but I'm like I want to know
what's happening like today with this
guy like his apartment before before he
went took the town car for that
interview really going to return some
videotapes
maybe check his business cards for I'm
making American Psycho references I'm
sorry huh call from a two one five area
code who's this where he come from yeah
hi Sandy how are you good
there's so much material here I don't
know what to talk about first but first
I just wanted to say about the New York
Times piece with Michael Schmidt why is
nobody thinking that that was a set up
between the White House and Michael
Schmidt to do that at that particular
moment I mean I don't you know I think
people are well nobody is connected it
that I've heard I mean I haven't heard
it anywhere but
I immediately I mean I thought of it
because isn't he the Maggie Haberman
group thing isn't with the Maggie
Haberman isn't he that guy yeah I mean I
you know they they may have been a
little bit too credulous
I mean clearly what happened is they
wrote that piece they got there they
took they were not reporting facts they
were reporting the assessment of people
who were who were made aware of the
facts by people who were there so they
got it third hand and right so which I
think I think in my opinion I feel like
Michael Schmitt is using his credentials
to to like you know do a false narrative
on the story just like the timing was
perfect just because of Cavanaugh and
everything I think that I just think he
uses credentials to invoke a riot with
with the country that's I I think I
think you're right I mean I think like
this is when people complain about the
times and about the the coverage they
sometimes give this is what this is what
they're complaining about right like
okay so that's one thing I wanted that's
my opinion on that and the other thing
is with this Gavin all saying first of
all he's creepy as I mean he's just
super creepy before he even started
talking he just look creepy but I have
one girlfriend laughs that's a
Republican don't yell at me I know she
gives me great and restaurants and
movies and we try not to talk about
politics but just as woman last week I
just texted her and I said Andy what do
you think about like how do you feel
about this Cavanaugh thing and she like
went off on me for like a half an hour
about how it's boys will be
boys but you know and all that that
whole straight you cannot sway them even
if you can have lunch with these people
and discuss movies and stuff with that
you cannot sway them they're just not
swayable
I mean they're also women that are also
like sort of like held like a second sec
the citizens to their husband like I
remember the summer she texted me and
she said over and over in Starbucks and
his coffee coffee lotta you would ever
shed he drinks spelled over and it got
all over my way clothes and I returned
to me and said I need to get
another coffee like where's like a
normal husband like my like my husband
my normal a normal guy would have said
oh my god let me wipe that off so just
the first reaction is like I gotta get
another copy well this is that guy's
name again IRA okay IRA a lot of balls
from IRA
I forgot how like Mindy how Mindy loves
to like bury her neighbors
oh I eat bought coffee Dow it's like
it's like it's like women they're in a
culture of being the second-class
citizen like oh my god it's IRAs coffee
not like my white ass it's all ruined or
any outfit or I've just got hot coffee
spilled on me like when I spill Windows
when I spill coffee on somebody my first
reaction is oh my god I hope I didn't
burn you oh I thought it would I hope
they have more coffee at the commissary
I hope this book because if there isn't
a cup of coffee
oh no and then I'll get a headache it's
a different kind of these women are like
trained a different way ya know they're
just they're just like wired differently
they don't think anything's wrong with
boys being boys there's absolutely
nothing you can do to change their mind
period nothing I mean I could saucer for
three weeks straight
and not let her leave the room and I
can't move her an inch no do you think
there's also do you think there's also
an element of like I put up with all
this crap so everybody else should too
oh yeah exactly I mean the next part of
when I was for coffee on her was she was
going to take the charge and go to
Neiman Marcus and buy two pairs of shoes
because to you know tell them to
off yeah I mean that's the second part
of it but you know they they just live
in Jamie they like live in this little
bubble where they have everything they
want they drive the cars they want they
is where they want they have the sure
has the whole bit and just this is just
part of it just you know if your husband
says you're a Republican you're
Republican if you're out this is the
Republican you're Republican if your
husband says boys will be boys they
should drink and and you know rape girls
and let's them line up outside the door
that's fine because that's what they do
and they don't care if their kids do it
the same with their kids their life now
was just a baby was just a kid when he
got in trouble in college you know like
that's the things that they say like
they don't hold anybody accountable and
the richer they are the and the wider
they are the less accountable they need
to be I don't know what to add Mindy
yeah uh thank you I mean you were great
yeah
okay so laughing Connor from
Pennsylvania yeah once a little
encouragement he wants to run for office
so do you know I'm talking about no not
a hundred percent sure okay Connor from
PA he's gonna call you he wants to run
for office he needs help him getting
started I think he wants to talk to
Jamie about the de sá okay I would talk
I would talk to you for some campaign
strategy as well oh yeah oh yeah hey I
heard I heard um what's-her-name that
crazy in California she's on on
Sirius radio 127 nine to twelve nine to
twelve I don't know
Stephanie Miller I heard she she quoted
one of my tweets the other day oh she
did well I mean you should know maybe
you should show her a little more
tonight yeah exactly you the way to do
that is like I heard that esteemed radio
host who does 9:00 to 12:00 on Sirius
quoted my tweet the Annihilus hey I
heard that some bottom of UIC quotes we
did an article I just published what 80
I'll try I'll take your advice and I'll
try to reword that next time better I'm
in a really bad mood yeah the thing is
just affecting me all right have a great
day and I had to contribute thank you so
much out out to everyone including
Ronald Reagan mm-hmm
ah um a major diplomatic breakthrough it
I mean Trump could talk about at the UN
my sense is and anecdotally I think
there's a lot of women out there who
particularly like the Renata thing I
think really pushed people over the edge
because I don't think any anyone the
time bomb character like dynamic of that
Renaud a thing is so brutal like that
that your book becomes newsworthy and
all of a sudden you're forced to realize
like why is my name appearing in all
these boys yearbook yeah she didn't know
about this until the reporters saw the
name and approached her hey I also think
a lot of this stuff goes back to
economics which is why it's hard to say
all women have common interests when one
class of women is oppressing the rest of
us so like maybe it makes sense that
their fealty to you know their rich
husbands and their own position in
society overtakes their responsibilities
to other women we have some breaking
news by the way Bill Cosby is sentenced
to 3 to 10 years in state prison for
2000 for sexual assault Wow
