welcome back to the Michael Brooks show
yeah man that thing is stuck and got
Bill Clinton Dipset Dipset that's
definitely like nineties ought humor it
works it works even I could tell even to
know it thinks it works
joining us now is Michael Brooks show
crew and host of the way with the Noah
she is one of the most brilliant minds
in American politics and a recent guest
on the BBC World Service
I know Otunga thank you so much for
being with us Oh introduction thank you
the baby C was like the highlight I mean
that was sweet that was very sweet I
loved it I loved watching I loved
watching the anchor it's not as amazing
as being here with you though so yeah I
mean this is route but that was very
cool like huh Noah Oprah Winfrey and you
go doctor and I the person who was doing
dr. West's booking he didn't want to do
it he's like I want to talk about that
so she they were like well do you know
anyone else she was like yeah I know
this attorney she's pretty she's pretty
dope let me let me connect you and so
that's how I got to be on the BBC dr.
Weston and wanted to talk about Oprah so
I got to do it that's awesome I know
that is really funny I liked it like dr.
West will take on anybody anytime
anywhere any place and he's just like no
not Oprah forget it it isn't worth this
time I appreciate that dr. West's better
things to do than that I buy it
completely I know you just spent time in
Puerto Rico you were with a grassroots
you know reconstruction and action group
there I guess like from both ends just
kind of give us an update both in terms
like I know you saw some dairy the type
of inspiring stuff that we're promoting
and talking about and you are so in
touch with all the time and then of
course like you know the vultures are
out for a place that they never left
like it was an amazing experience
because you know we know intellectually
that Puerto Rico is
you know Puerto Rico Puerto Ricans are
Americans that's still us two over there
right but like so much you go there and
you see and it's just like the feeling
that you have in terms of we look at any
of our communities here stateside that
are left behind it's similar but it's on
just a larger scale because it's an
entire you know island entire country
full of people that in many respects
have been completely disinvested
estimated and left behind body in eight
states government I mean that's that's
the legacy of colonialism in Puerto Rico
what was cool with the group that I went
with they had did relief efforts back in
October into September like when people
were first able to go over they they
raised money they took supplies over and
they rented vehicles and went up into
the mountains where FEMA had not gotten
to people and we're delivering good so
what we did when I went last month we
followed up with the communities and the
people that they had met on their first
two trips we went back kinda to follow
up and to start there they're in process
of doing a documentary now the kind of
document that mutual aid relief work
that grassroots assistance work because
so much of what's getting done for
people is still people helping people
whether it's neighbors whether it's you
know actual nonprofit groups grassroots
groups that's so much of us getting done
because we were there last month there
were still warehouses of supply sitting
there that weren't being distributed to
people like we would ask folks every
time what's looks like so have you guys
seen FEMA and they're like we'll see the
FEMA sign you know they might have come
by here once but for the most part it
was and you know some folks have lost
everything right you know you have
people still living in and houses that
have no roofs or walls but they're still
going to make sure that the elderly
neighbor down the road has food like it
was an amazing spirit and and just
quickly to to two places we went we went
to a home ikaw there is a there's a
village up in the mountains they were
well the village is ma√±ana but there was
a area where they were feeding upwards
of like I think at the height of things
after Maria they were feeding like five
four three to five hundred people a day
off donated food and they they they're
they're really looking at a sustainable
model
they have solar panels up there now they
had a group donated to water towers to
the area so they could have fresh water
instead of having to go buy bottled
water and they're really trying to
create something that's long-term so not
just responding to the crisis that was
the accident of the hurricane but
something that's even longer and more
sustainable for people as folks may have
seen the governor is now talking about
privatizing the electric company which
is it's it has its own issues on both
sides but but that was a really
rewarding experience to talk to the
folks you know working organizing there
and then we were also in another smaller
town where this smaller community people
about 25 families were cut off from the
main part of the town because there was
a bridge that connected them to the
other side the bridge was completely
wiped out by Maria and so they were
stuck on the other side of a river and
so they had to for it over or they had
to like use kind of like a zipline type
of thing to send over supplies so the
there's a local construction company
helped make a makeshift bridge now
they're finally I think some folks from
Boston are helping them build a brand
new bridge but their mayor like
helicoptered in said some words and
really hadn't done anything
it was the people in the town who would
caravan over and find a way to send
goods over when we were there last month
there were still some family members of
the people for that were the initial
group they were trapped the camp but
they call them the camp of the Forgotten
there was another section not too far
away that was trapped behind a mudslide
still people could climb out but the
town the area itself was still trapped
behind a mudslide so these are the
things that we were we were seeing but
you would expect like with such a
devastation with such you know you're
still we're still now at 30 I think it's
30 33 percent of the island still does
not have power you know like you would
hear like when we were there they're
talking like oh the grid is like 60
percent up well even at 60 70 percent of
the grid up you still have 50 percent or
more the population when we were there
last month without power both both
houses we stayed and had no power there
was generator access and that's a
privilege to be able to use a generator
having run a generator in West Virginia
for a week it's expensive yeah
really four months yeah doing four
months is insane and so some of the
places we met some places that we went
that that we're wondering you know as
some of the adjustments that have been
made I know they found a stockpile of
equipment that was never dispersed like
it was supposed to be recently but like
people were saying when we were there
that they weren't expecting to get power
back till July this year you know from
what happened in September of last year
so what wasn't me just I have a quick
follow-up question but first what was
the name of the group you were with the
the original group was oh god yes no
it's fine don't worry about it don't
worry because it wasn't it wasn't it was
just some organizers from the original
gods you got I'll give you guys no
that's fine I just want to make sure we
have info and tweet out like if there's
a way that people to link up and support
these efforts
okay so we'll include some of those in
the show notes and tweet them out on
Twitter and everything there's so many
of these efforts people were raising
money for solar panels for hospitals
people are raising money there's like
several different organizations
stateside nonprofits that are raising
money for direct support on the ground
outside of the government assistance and
funding that isn't really going at least
it seems like to the masses of people
across the island where it needs to feel
like and I think was Rebekka solid
solvent I could be mispronouncing your
name and I apologize if I am but she
wrote a book several years ago where she
took Katrina I think a couple other
examples of crisis and her argument was
that in a lot of examples of human
catastrophe I think she focused
primarily on things like hurricanes and
floods you know things that were not
human created things that were inflicted
by nature where there was a lot of harm
and disruption to people's lives
that while there is a public narrative
and a media focus that you know okay
like things are bad so you know the bad
guys come out and you know and there's
violence and people get stuck up and and
people you know and and the sort of the
strong prey on the weak and everything
that actually at least and and that is
you know true on a policy level right
there's always the opportunity I mean we
saw what vultures do out to New Orleans
after Katrina or to Puerto Rico but her
argument is on a community level
communities actually people actually do
a lot of what you you saw in Puerto Rico
that people actually support each other
a lot people actually have a lot of sort
of bottom-up ingenuity and compassion
and and solidarity and I think one part
of it to me that always struck me is
that you know for a broader support for
the politics that we want not in a naive
way not in a saccharine way but we need
to have some pretty strong faith in
human capacity and I was just wondering
you know what your sort of thoughts are
on that type of sentiment after you know
this experience in Puerto Rico and seem
like the vultures the failures of
government the abuse the exploitation
but the communities people doing right
well I think even when we look at even
when we look at like historically like
we look at development of previously
depressed or underserved areas right
just just look at regular gentrification
then you add on a environmental or
something that was man-made up a
disaster it's like we you know people
might joke about it but it really is
real the land grab that happens the way
people you know come in is swoop down
because I forget what the numbers were
but like the number of people who were
leaving Puerto Rico daily has been like
huge and that's a huge drain on the
human capital and potential to
revitalize to bring things back right
but at the same time when the resources
are not being put into the people when
people don't even have a say because you
have promesa you have so many different
layers of oppression financially among
other things right economic oppression
on the island as well you know it does
create a condition that's right for
quote-unquote investors or other folks
to come in and sweep down buy up
property push people out you know i
changed my twitter name this goes into
this to all the fina being no Ava and
Albertina VNO Ava was killed was
murdered by the state in 1984
refusing to cede her land the land had
been in her family we were in Luisa
Puerto Rico that's an area that was
settled by former enslaved Africans and
their descendants
along with Tainos and you know Aldo FINA
that they they had beachfront property
and they wanted to they wanted to do
slum clearance they wanted to clear
everyone out and develop the area but
she was murdered
basically for standing her ground and
not refusing to let them put her family
out of the area because of that she was
they were able to that community was so
there now because of her stand
but like this is historical right it's
it's exacerbated now because of Maria
you know what happened with Katrina
after New Orleans after Katrina like it
gave people the ability to do what
they've already been putting the design
on communities that they feel are not
deserving to have proximity to
particular goods or areas so I think
that's a really that that's a really
fair way of looking at it it's
problematic but it's more of reason why
we need strong bottom-up support and
mutual aid not just in a time of crisis
but long-term so we can start turning
and creating sustainable you know
ability for us to maintain space and
community and maybe expand space
I mean maybe start to reverse you know
all of this encroachment all this
primitive accumulation and actually sort
of rese take community Commons and
collaboration I mean cuz that's you know
because I feel like the other thing and
it it feels counterintuitive to frame it
this way but one of the things that I've
been thinking a lot about recently is
that even though of course like we're
under unbelievable stress and you know
and and of course you know that descends
to zones like we're talking about Puerto
Rico I mean right for even more
exploitation and this is a place that is
absolutely I want to be very clear about
this this is not it's historically
colonized it's presently colonized there
are literal legal economic impediments
to its own ability to perform
economically and it does not have the
opportunity to either have op you know
in
penance or full statehood so that's not
like you know historical recognition or
you know campus articulation that's
literally what it is and there's an
opportunity for all sorts of vulture
capital to come in right now there's no
doubt yet at the same time I think it's
also very important for us to also
articulate that you know ultimately our
task is not just resistance we actually
want to develop a world that you know is
reflected in these communities so that
these communities same capacities can
come through in moments of incredible
stress come through in moments to you
know create community create sports
create art you know we look even at
historical you know social democratic
experiments that did have some success
in places like Sweden or Germany or
community efforts you know in Jamaica
and if we're being real some efforts and
agriculture and other things in Cuba
those things were about like you know
everybody should have good gymnasiums
people should have you know access to
art people should have you know clubs
and community these things kind of
coming together are vital for resistance
but they're also potentially an
enactment of a more you know really open
and democratic world across all spheres
actually great I mean I think that as we
as we continue digging about like even
what I looked at over there and think
about the you know the folks was with
and thinking about our own work right
we've crowdfunded a presidential
campaign basically right right we so
we're supporting progressive candies all
over the country there's grassroots
activism organizing and start to take
hold to take root and a lot of what
we've been able to do is without some
big you know donor
you know role you know just just growing
it so how can we continue to look at the
mutual aid model and not just simply in
a time of crisis and we have to hurry up
and get resources because people are in
desperate dire need but how do we
leverage that like we were just talking
about an expanding space and building
community and actually driving
sustainable change the way we need to
see it versus waiting for whatever
groups
come in which often times they're more
extractive of resources and human
capital than they are actually you know
actually investing into these
communities where we're all living but
you know the other thing I was just
thinking about is I was talking with HR
at Browns son a Trent Brown is formerly
a Troy Brown
Imam Jamil his son was saying he lives
over in the West End community historic
neighborhood here in Atlanta and he was
talking about the idea of gentrification
a gentrification is something that
doesn't have to happen to us right is
what he was talking about and he was
talking about basically there's so much
type of thing of people pooling their
resources you know kind of like what
immigrants used to do back in the day
you know you come over you work hard you
pull your resources and that's how you
start so you start building your ground
and I think that for marginalized
communities that have had a very
disparate relationship economically with
this country we need to redevelop the
way in which we're approaching how land
and development is handled within our
communities and so we need to look at
new models instead of just trying to
assimilate into the American Dream model
because it doesn't include us it's not
it wasn't meant for us so we have to
think smarter and outside of the box and
find a way to do what needs to be done
while saving space because there's no
reason you know for families to be
displaced from communities they've been
in for generations and it's quite the
way it's gonna include less and less of
us as that pie becomes smaller so the
time is really for every single person
to and every single community and also
us collectively to really re-evaluate
that model as a final thought and
obviously we're gonna talk again very
soon and it's too in too long we finally
got to hang out a couple months ago just
don't you finally got to hang out and I
will definitely let you know when I'll
be in DC definitely in April but I'll
let you know when I come to New York too
so oh that's aI don't good because I
don't go to DC so you a C's lame much
love to DC patrons but I'm on the board
or the National Conference of black
lawyers and we have an in-person meeting
in DC so that's why I'm going to love
the black lawyers good things about
these
revolutionaries who represented Angela
Davis and alike back in the cichlid 67
yeah sure
that you don't like mother either
totally terrible guy
I saw what they did with Conan tell
Perot horrible stuff totally unfair I'm
a victim of COINTELPRO in a certain
sense I like that black socialist
sympathizer Trump along with Soviet in
in the as you look out across the
terrain and you mentioned it and you're
so clued into all of the like when you
talk about these insurgencies and these
movements in these community buildings
and these radical politics you're not
just sort of like you know name checking
your on the pulse of it and you cover
most of this so well when you look at
2018 and we look at the juxtaposition of
the Democrats you know they just
embarrassed themselves with this silly
gambit which you know it's so
frustrating inoa because it also failed
by like you know at least guys like
Clinton and Blair they knew how to
their enemies up and these guys don't
know how to like they don't have the the
moral passion and they also don't have
that ruthlessness and it's exactly no
heart no balls a little thing we did a
little pee a mixtape give the Dems a
backbone one of my one of my one of my
contributions was knuck if you buck you
know I'm in Atlanta now so I got it I
got everything for the a Chuck Schumer's
I don't know what that means but I think
that black people are very nice but when
