[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
shrooms of any of these they are we must
guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex dama chard a report with sam
cedar
[Music]
it is Monday October 2nd 2017 my name is
Sam cedar this is the four-time award
winning majority report we have
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today the
largest mass shooting in US history at
least 50 dead at least 400 injured in
Las Vegas and there's Republican
legislation in the House and Senate that
could make the size of such a mass
killing even larger meanwhile Puerto
Rico is still desperate and under attack
by Donald Trump nearly 20 million people
including nine million children may have
just lost their health insurance
meanwhile Trump administration purposely
pushing insurance premiums higher in
some states and the Supreme Court term
starts today we will be seeing an
ongoing disaster progressive values
budget battles on Hill before the
Republicans try to cut Rich's taxes and
the DOJ wants an anti administration
Facebook info in Europe Spanish cops
assault voters in a Catalonia
independence referendum back here Trump
thinks he's pretending to be insane and
Tom price a method act Tom Price when
faced with flying coach decides he's
going to quit the administration all
this and more on today's program ladies
and gentlemen
and Matt if you could put up my sound
just a little bit more thank you that's
yeah there we go
we're getting yeah there we go so folks
another one of those days you come in on
a Monday and you anticipate talking
about one thing and then over 50 people
get murdered and 400 more just mowed
down by what appears to be an automatic
weapon from the 23rd floor of a hotel
it's at Mandalay Bay a guy checked in on
Thursday of last week we're not sure
exactly or as of the time that we went
on air we're not sure of exactly what
weapons he had but it was at least 10 10
assault weapons or 10 weapons we should
say at least one of them appears to be
if not an automatic weapon then a
semi-automatic weapon that's been
modified in some fashion and he on the
fourth or fifth day of his stay decides
to smash out a couple of windows in his
hotel room by firing at them I assume
and sprays gunfire for about 45 minutes
to an hour it appears into this crowd of
nearly 20,000 people and finally police
were able to bust into his room they
were able to determine which room he was
firing from once in the hotel because
the fire alarm smoke detector in his
room was apparently
going off because of all the smoke that
was coming off of the weapons he was
firing I guess by the time they got
there he had killed himself and like I
say has a half hour ago at least 50
people dead and there will be zero zero
legislative response to this let's not
kid ourselves there will be zero
legislative response to this that would
in any way inhibit something like this
from happening in the future and there
will be all sorts of reasons it'll be
well he got this gun illegally anyways
or the gun that he used even though he
had the other nine guns legally was was
gotten illegally or amah did it
illegally or whatever it is there's
gonna be some excuse you don't know the
difference between an ar-15 and some
other semi-automatic weapons so we don't
need to have gun control here in this
country there'll be some utterly BS
excuse as to why we can't do anything
and there's one reason there is one
reason why we can't is because the NRA
owns the Republican Party lock stock and
barrel period there is no other reason
there is no other reason and they need
to the NRA which is a basically just uh
you know I mean a lobbyist for an
industry need to help their arms dealers
make more money and the fact of their
market is
the number of people buying guns has
been shrinking and so during the Obama
years they made a ton of money by
convincing people that Barack Obama not
people convincing gun owners that Barack
Obama was coming for your guns and so
they sold these gun owners more and more
guns but unfortunately once Donald Trump
gets elected they can't sell more guns
so what they're doing now is trying to
figure out what accessories can we sell
to gun owners and we'll talk about that
in a moment because there's two pieces
of legislation that had to be put off
when Steve Scalise was shot in a mass
shooting event I guess it said they
define it by having three people shot
they had to put it out they were gonna
they were gonna try and pass it with
skis but then Steve Scalise got shot so
they had to punt two this week and
they'll punt again hoping that next time
they can thread the needle in between
national attention getting mass
shootings because the number of mass
shootings we've had in this country is
something like 275 out of the last 270
days in fact here we are talking noon on
Monday eleven hours after eastern time
eleven hours after the mass shooting in
Vegas and that's not even the most
recent mass shooting five people were
shot in downtown Lawrence Massachusetts
last night three dead that happened to
half an hour after the Vegas one
so nothing I hate to be a spoiler alert
here hate to ruin the suspense but all
of the completely disingenuous hearts
and prayers that are sent out love and
prayers or whatever that is that
the politicians say instead of oh we're
gonna do something about this completely
meaningless means nothing and here is
the actual reality the actual reality of
these things is it's surprising it
doesn't happen more often and I don't
care what your concern is as to the
impetus of these things if it's white
nationalism if it's you're concerned
about people watching Isis videos
whether you're concerned about bullying
or mental illness or wealth inequality
that drives people crazy whatever it is
the bottom line is we are enabling these
impulses by allowing people to have more
and more weapons and of greater
sophistication period that's I mean
that's it maybe this guy if he did not
have access to these weapons would have
smashed a window in that hotel and
thrown knives down on the audience maybe
maybe he would have sat there with a bow
and arrow but the fact of the matter is
he would not be able to kill over 50
people he would not be able to injure
over 400 people
and that's the reality of what we're
facing let's look at some of the the the
video clips here because this is what's
in you know what's important about these
video clips and the reason why it's
worth showing is because not so much of
what you see but what you hear because
there's literally legislation that was
to be brought up in the house this week
that had been put off because Steve
Scalise was shot that is directly
implicated by I want you to watch this
video I want you to listen tell me what
you hear this is a shot of the stage you
tell me what resonates in this video too
[Music]
that's the concert and what do you hear
you hear the machine gun firing that
singer didn't run off the stage because
he got hit it's because he heard the
firing of that gun continue more video
[Applause]
posit what what just happened there was
the fire shots you start to hear the
shooting people dive for color cover
thousands of people dive for cover
then when the shooting stops as denoted
by the lack of hearing the firing of the
gun people start to run you get I mean
you get the drift here of what I'm
talking about why that's relevant the
high sportsmen heritage and recreational
enhancement act which is a broad-ranging
gun bill delayed in June after Steve
Scalise was shot was supposed to be and
this is an October 1 piece I think from
the hill was supposed to be introduced
this week and it would there's two parts
about this one is it would roll back
decades old restrictions on silencers
gun silencers the National Firearms Act
which has been a law that's been a fact
for an effect for literally decades
allows for purchase of silencers in
about 42 states in this country only
after you've passed a background
criminal check a criminal background
check for the first time in 80 years if
this new legislation is passed you can
buy a silencer by simply finding an
unlicensed salary and go to like some
type of event or buy it from
neighbor why does the NRA want this
because of what I said earlier when
Donald Trump got elected the NRA could
no longer pretend that the federal
government was coming after your weapons
and so the dynamic that's been going on
for years which is a smaller number of
people buying guns buying an
ever-increasing number of guns like that
guy in Vegas with ten weapons in his
hotel room what are they gonna buy at
one point you just not have room for all
the guns I promised myself I would only
buy ten then I bought twelve and then I
just really had to shut it down but wait
a second I can buy silencers now that's
what the NRA is interested in and the
argument that the NRA is making is that
we need silencers which are in fact not
really silencers they're just quiet errs
they don't silence a gun they just quiet
a gun we need silencers because it's
hurting the ears of hunters hunters in
this country who have been managing for
years without silencers apparently have
hearing problems now understand let's
play this again imagine imagine there is
no sound of machine-gun fire these
people don't know when this guy is
reloading the singer doesn't know to
leave the stage because there's nothing
there's just people in a twenty thousand
was it twenty thousand people in an
open-air parking lot essentially just
dropping in different parts of the
stadium
nobody knows where it's coming from or
what's happening play this a little more
people are relaxed they're standing
there they're huddled no reason to panic
folks is we can't hear anything no
that's got a silencer on it so if the
people next to you are dropping that'll
give you a clue that there's a guy
shooting lift your head up because you
can't hear anything it's just outrageous
just outrageous
I hope the NRA has the balls to bring
this up now cuz they're just gonna punt
and wait until we go another couple of
months before there's some national
event that happens and people don't pay
attention to just mass shootings anymore
yeah I pay attention to three people
being shot but maybe if we got up to
like 16 or maybe if they're children or
maybe if they're like an elected
representative perhaps maybe some type
of prestigious you know celebrity but if
the NRA gets lucky that won't happen for
four and a half months and you'll be
able to bring it up but because look
June well its Scalise got shot in June
right so July August September three
months seems to be what you want to aim
for three and a half months or so so you
know if if they hope maybe they could
push it up two months although this is
fifty some odd people in 400 so you may
want to kick it into like three and a
half to four months
you just gotta hope that from October to
February knock on wood we don't have a
celebrity or mass amounts of children
because one or two kids that happens but
if it's a celebrity and maybe actually
you probably need multiple celebrities
but like three or four cuz you could
probably get away one celebrity being
shot and also what kind of slub or do we
talking about right it would have to be
a bit
big celebrity of course maybe a couple
minor celebrities so I'm sure they're
sitting in their NRA NRA headquarters
right now with some actuarial table like
knowing like okay generally what we're
looking at is one national mass shooting
event every four months if we get lucky
gets super lucky the guy will have a
Muslim sounding last name and then it's
not a function of the guns at all it's
just Isis and in that case we probably
will need the silencers because you
don't want Isis to know that we're
firing back at them I mean that's the
reality of it there's no reason to
pretend like hopes and prayers everybody
gosh hopes and prayers nothing we could
have done about this one this bill that
they're talking about will also
fortunately loosen restrictions on
hunting and shooting on public lands it
also is going to reverse that Obama
administration ban on lead tackle and
ammunition for most federal lands
because you know the Constitution says
not only do you have the right to bear
arms you also have the right to poison
the environment while you do it it's
gonna amend the migratory bird treaty
act so that you can shoot Birds over
unharvested cropland so get a little
lead in your corn fortunately because of
the Constitution it will remove the
Endangered Species Act protections for
the Great Lakes gray wolves and ban the
purchase of new wetland and bird habitat
so our children don't have the ability
to see the birds that we have in
existence today and thank God it's gonna
legalize the sale of armor-piercing
bullets
so long as the manufacturer writes on
the box made for sporting purposes it's
a big distinction right there I mean
that way when you're headed out to shoot
policemen who are in armor you're gonna
stop as you pick up the box and it'll
say oh wait this is only for sporting
purposes not for shooting policemen
through their body armor I'm gonna put
it back but maybe that's your sport fair
enough
and fortunately if the a-holes in a
state let's say like I don't know Nevada
say you don't even need a permit for for
concealed carry
then you will automatically because of
all the states rights be forced to have
reciprocity in California where they
don't want people to conceal their
weapons without you know extensive
background checks in permitting process
hey you just cross the state motto so
they can spread their scourge across the
nation some of these I'm convinced they
just sort of layer up it's like what
they do in large corporations you know
you'll see somebody going to hiring
speak so that when they have to
ultimately fire people there'll be
enough people in their department they
can actually just lay off that's what
this at one point we're gonna have mass
casualties where it's like Oh two
hundred people are shot dead let's
compromise on the whole silencer thing
right we're gonna back off the whole
concealed carry on Tuesdays or something
just it's disguise all right we don't
support shooting contests in the middle
of town swears anymore and Donald Trump
got up there and recited the Bible to us
I don't think he said the word gun how
he easily would have been 50 people
maybe 60 people dead maybe 70 I don't
know maybe I don't know maybe another
hundred who are permanently some fashion
disabled right 400 people getting shot
more injured that's just luck of the
draw you know what do you what do you
think well maybe the 49 was the record
what was that back at at the nightclub
in Florida was that it was that a year
ago is that two years ago it was two
years ago that helped Donald Trump get
elected president or complete 18 last
summer 2006 20 kids in Connecticut I
mean we're getting we're able you know
we're making America great again folks
we're gonna but we're gonna bump this
 up bump it up to 75 killed next
time we can do this so you know maybe
when there's like 200 people killed in a
mass shooting event maybe that's when
the NRA says okay you guys get a free
vote to roll back you know I know the
armored piercing bullets you get a free
vote we're gonna release you on that one
but we're gonna need like 120 day window
maybe a six-month window just so to make
the adjustment so that we can sell our
existing stock at like a five acts price
it's just disgusting it's just it's
disgusting it's pathetic
it's a total embarrassment and
there should be lawsuits they should be
sued - there should be people out
in front of these of these gun
manufacturers homes with pictures of the
exploding heads that undoubtedly people
saw in Las Vegas last night where are
those where are those right-to-lifers
with their damn pictures it's just
disgusting it really is just grotesque
but they'll come back in four months
they'll pass this silencer law good guy
with a silencer yeah it's like the end
of Scarface oh you know it's too bad
those 20,000 people weren't all armed
because I'm quite sure if you had armed
all those 20,000 people and you all
pointed towards the Mandalay hotel they
might have been able to take him out now
there may have been some collateral
damage right by other hotel folks in
other hotel rooms it's gonna be great
with the silencer I don't know what
we're gonna do how would we play that
for our radio listeners for our podcast
listeners when when there's a video from
when the guy with the silencer shoots
200 people 400 people because they don't
know to run how will we play it on our
show we're just gonna hear the screams
of people really why is all the
screaming well you'll hear the bullet
thwack - when they hit something maybe
if the if the video is closed but I mean
if it's in a situation like that we're
just gonna hear the screaming and
nobody's gonna know why but it's gonna
take a while because you can hear like
wait who's there rumbling what's going
on in that corn
of the of the of the parking lot center
plenty of people even thought that that
was fireworks even at first of course of
course I wasn't gonna go on like that
because it's just I mean frankly it's
you know I don't know well what more is
there to say it's like a domestic arms
cartel and a party holding everybody
hostage that's it you know you would I
don't understand why these initiatives
like why we don't know the name of the
guns used in these things we keep you
know talking about it why we don't know
why we don't have a running kill count
of each arms manufacturer in this
country we could it would be would be a
great website you could just set up like
horse races right it's just like first
one to I don't know five hundred killed
with their weapon this year and every
time Winchester or Remington whoever the
the the gun maker whenever they get a
kill put it up on the big board let's
see how effective these weapons are at
killing and you get extra points do you
take down someone big maybe you get like
like a half point if it's just kid
because you're only dropping somebody
who's like 50 pounds 70 pounds maybe you
get bonuses if the kid figures out how
to kill himself with it ease of use
really amazing I mean you know really
amazing all right well I'm just gonna
end the show we'll go into the fun half
well do the other stuff in the fun half
I like talking about going in
I mean abuse of Puerto Rico in the fun
