what does it mean when civil society and
churches get involved how what kind of
prat
obviously add enormous personal risk
what's going on with those people there
well this is this is where the crackdown
is is advancing I mean starting a year
ago go well well before that actually
starting in the 80s there was an
immigration crackdown and many churches
across the country organized new
sanctuary movement in response to it
where they would try to shield people
who were targeted for deportation in you
know in their congregations with the
understanding that you know these were
considered sacred spaces and it wouldn't
look good for the police to come and
drag people out of a church and it back
in the 80s I mean some people actually
went to jail were prosecuted and went to
jail for that it was big story well I
mean starting about a year or two ago
you know this movement began picking up
steam again the organized organizing
became more urgent after Trump's
election given that he'd you know
essentially promised to deport 11
million people as part of his campaign
so you know churches synagogues mosques
other faith groups mostly faith groups
I'll say they really deserve credit for
this started organizing this kind of
network now I've called it a kind of
Underground Railroad and some people say
that's insensitive and minimizes you
know what black people went through
under slavery in this country but I
think it's a fair comparison when you
actually see that the terror that
immigrants are living in today so these
you know these congregations are
organizing to shelter people and there's
a lot of debate about whether that's
even wise because does it just create a
honeypot for for the police to raid and
ice like I said earlier now that they're
standing outside churches interrogating
people coming and go
they suspect it might be a sanctuary
church you know what is that signal
about their intentions well I have my
only response that there would be I have
a thought experiment about religion
[Laughter]
definitely yeah yeah I don't know why
why you're distracting from the issue by
talking about faith-based communities
intervening and one of the greatest
abuses of people happy United States
today when I can show you the genesis of
the silly story yes it's so stupid silly
spaghetti monster words yes we look with
their morals and their sense of like
some sacred duty to protect human life
yeah they're really totally the people
that are ruining discourse from much
needed rationality because far more
important than ice raids are you know
5-hour videos on some dumb thing that
happened at an Oberlin campus for sure
so these people are putting I mean
they're putting themselves at the line I
mean they could be charged with
harboring a fugitive
you know if the ice director is saying
you know maybe we should go after
politicians I don't think they'd
hesitate to go after priests who are
engaged in this so I mean these people
are really putting themselves on the
line you know there's a church here in
Portland that says you know they've got
room for 200 people you know they hear
them if they hear the raids are
happening you know everybody comes there
and then the plan is for the
parishioners to surround the church and
make sure ice can't come or go I mean it
I'm not sure you know the big the big
rumor mill now is that there's some
massive push headed for California some
some kind of their flying agents in to
do some kind of enormous immigration
sweep and who knows if that's true it
might just be another rumor to spread
fear we've seen a lot of those it might
turn out to be real in either case I
mean you've got an agency that was
founded supposedly in part to protect
people from terrorism terrorizing the
public yep
because it's not just I mean it's not
just undocumented immigrants who are at
risk it's it's their families it's
everyone who knows them it's anyone who
might be mistaken for an undocumented
immigrant
I mean we're back to the debate like
when Arizona passed its thing some years
ago where local cops could enforce
immigration laws I mean they just
started pulling over brown people right
well that's I mean that's ah but isn't
that where it leads to that obviously
this is that's the purpose right the
purpose is to spread fear and suffering
and then we are in Mitt Romney's
self-deportation
territory I mean is it I mean isn't that
just sort of so abundantly obvious and
another I guess structural problem with
this argument because you know there's
always been sort of three polls
basically of how to talk about
immigration there's immigration from the
perspective that I'm just because
somebody is you know undocumented or
came here let's be real in many cases
because of conditions that US foreign
policy
actively contributed to or even if they
didn't as simply as yeah you know what
if you're in a devastated situation and
you want to and you came here and you
didn't fill out the right paperwork or
whatever but you're you know moving
along in life and contributing I mean
honestly who cares right like for being
real so there's a concern that just
because you came here in a way that
wasn't technically compliant you can't
be abused and exploited you can't be in
a position where everything from an
employer to a husband that's physically
abusing you can get away with it so
their needs you know you need to be in
the system and of course in many cases
people are in the system because they're
paying taxes they're contributing in
many ways to the economy society and so
on blah blah blah blah blah then there's
this bipartisan you know business wing
including in this with the George W Bush
proposal which is that we basically want
to get a bunch of like kind of low-wage
people in here formally and there was
some objections in certain parts of the
left to that I think those objections
maybe weren't long-term and strategic in
terms of what a kind of real
synchronized left look like but there's
legitimate concerns if you're just sort
of opening up essentially an indentured
servitude low-wage process and now you
know we have the Republican nativist
wing which is completely taken
/ and it's all about race and identity
but also I think with the serious self
interest I mean why would if you're
making the bet that white identity
politics is gonna keep the party in
power into the future why would you want
Texas to look like California you know
why would you want these states and
places to be in place so it seems like
we have another area where you know
Democrats and a kind of center position
are losing it on both grounds there
isn't the unapologetic rigorous you know
crusader ethics of protecting people who
are being massively abused dreamers but
also this entire community and then also
just the strategic sense that every time
you see some dumb Fox clip about hey
Democrats just want undocumented in here
because it will help them I'm like yeah
 yes I certainly do and you want
them not here so it will help you and
your racist so let's just get all the
cars on the table the the hypocrisy of I
mean it almost goes without saying of of
the Republicans is bottomless but on
this issue of this this this false
premise that they put out that if well
people just gotta play by the rules
here's here's something I learned in the
last few months reporting on this issue
one of my friends is a immigration
laurent lawyer down in New Mexico and do
you know what happens if you come to
this country and apply for asylum in the
a proper lawful way you present yourself
at the border you say I'm here too you
know I'm a refugee like help me out they
take they take these people you know
whether they come from Africa or Latin
America or Asia they take them and they
ship them off to a detention center
where they can be for two years they and
and these except these centers the one
my friend works at working with Asylum
applicants from Africa mostly they're
out in the middle of the the desert in
New Mexico they languish there for
months or years at a time
it is a converted prayer
it's like where you would put felons and
these people haven't they put children
in those facilities as well right yeah
by the way yeah they're separate ones
for women and and yeah there's baby
jails as my friend calls it I mean these
are people who are trying to do things
right and the first thing that our
country does to them is throw them in
prison you know well we decide whether
they're worthy so this idea that people
just need to play by the rules is is
just papering over you know the real
motivation which is racist punishment
right there's no doubt about it and and
it is it is part of a political and
electoral calculation as you suggested
and you know I'm not sure what more
Democrats don't understand that you know
when the ice director came out and said
let's start arresting politicians and
sanctuary jurisdictions it was
interesting to see the responses I wish
I had the quotes pulled up but dianne
feinstein said something like you know
this is not right nobody should be
targeted just because they live in
california mmm and bar and barbara lee
yeah i know it was the week it was the
weakest statement you could make
definitely the main takeaway from that
is yeah
california california you okay
whereas barb barbara lee to her credit
right said this is racist
yeah well barbara lee is obviously
somebody who's you know has genuine
politics and a very sort of courageous
long-term record I don't understand why
somebody like Feinstein would have such
a hard time saying this is racist are
they afraid of their are they afraid of
their white voters I mean it could be
that if that's so they need to have a
little bit more courage and I hope give
the public a little bit more credit yeah
and I just and also just again even
operation we look at where the future of
the votes are I mean the reality is even
and and this gets so basic it you don't
have to get into the weeds of all the
kind of like online debates and all this
you know stuff about you know speech and
this and that but there's an incredibly
basic reality that if you are a white
voter voting for a center-left or Center
or any democratic
candidate you at the very at the bare
minimum have subordinated your racism to
other things you care more about or just
as if not more likely you know you might
not pass like a graduate seminar and
woke miss or whatever and who cares but
you're probably a person who's like yeah
I don't really like extreme over racism
not so into that and I can kind of get
that ice is terrorizing people and if my
main thing was some type of nativism I'm
not voting for a Democrat including one
that might posture on these issues
completely now there might be an
exception in a you know a John tester
case or Claire McCaskill case or a Joe
Manchin case but certainly not in a
Dianne Feinstein case and certainly not
in the vast majority of the country
where people are voting for Democratic
candidates I mean the Democrats need a
language they need to figure out a way
to have a language that makes people
remember that immigration is good and as
I said at the beginning they're
completely defensive right now but look
at the Republicans they've come up with
this term chain migration which is like
and now everybody's using this term
where it as far as I can tell it just
means migration right but there are
there's they're painting it is this
horrible oh people come here and then
they have families and it's like well
yeah yeah how do you think how do you
think we all got here
right right so where's I even during the
Obama era
I remember at least some nods to this
sort of national myth of Ellis Island
and we all came here and you know
melting plot blah blah blah you don't
even hear that anymore
but I will say that in my reporting the
the immigrants who are being targeted by
ice who have come to this country
legally with papers or not are some of
the most impressive people I know
particularly this woman Maura Maura via
panda who is being targeted for
deportation she was in she was sort of
the centerpiece of the story I wrote for
the back
last year about the the ice detention
center in Tacoma and you know here's an
undocumented woman in her forties she's
got a daughter born it you know daughter
was born in this country they're
standing outside this this enormous
prison it's the sign it's it's the size
of a city block and it's in this
industrial zone right like you have to
go for half a mile past all of these
empty warehouses you know broken bottles
like homeless encampments and just
nothing mud and asphalt and you know
industrial waste and then you turn a
corner and for a whole block there's
this building and you know this this
activists I talked to from Mexico he
said he had visited the day before me
and he said it's a concentration camp
and looking at it you realize it is and
coming in and out of this place are you
know an endless chain of women with tiny
children who are all crying and they're
going to visit their their their dads
who are locked up inside this thing
right wondering what's gonna happen and
here's Maru outside in a in a t-shirt
that says La Migra standing in the
rain with a bullhorn and shouting in at
people you know you're not alone hmm and
telling everybody that comes in like hey
did you know there's a hunger strike
down in California at the at the prison
there and that's how they spread word I
mean that's why they're targeting these
people they don't want any effective
resistance they don't want people to see
what they're doing
I mean lawyers in the conditions in
these places I mean you talk about how
the Democrats can flip this issue turn
the tables I mean they should be
investigating the conditions in these
facilities
what are these agent what are they
because all everything I hear from the
the people who've who've been in or that
word comes out from the inmates is if
they're really bad and these are often
private like these are or this is the
same business that we this is them or
profit prison industry that Trump
single-handedly rescued you know that
was basically on its way for bankruptcy
at the end of the Obama you know
presidency
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS have come back but not nearly as
much as we had before
so if you can help us out any little bit
helps head over to our patreon page
right at this URL and you'll help us
keep helping you by making videos
