you know I would love to see and I've
talked with some people in DSA about it
I'm excited I would love to see DSA
policy group start putting out practical
roadmaps like how do we nationalize the
oil and fossil fuel industry within the
next five to six years how do we
nationalize companies like Google
because I think actually it is a real
concern with DSA specifically it's like
okay take the win that medicare-for-all
is becoming a mainstream position and
keep pushing like hell on it because
even if it's mainstream to the most
powerful forces in society you're still
gonna fight it yes yeah but then the way
I think that you really keep
distinguishing DSA is I mean including
of course grassroots things for things
like renter and tenants rights in a
place like New York City but then it's
also to start putting out like hey
that's awesome so glad that Kristin
Gillibrand and Cory Booker and people
like that have caught up on postal
banking and these types of really great
things well we have a plan that would
make you know Exxon completely
government taken over in six years and
redistribute another condo as a commons
what's your thoughts on that and that
and by the way and there's another way
for Bernie Sanders and Acacio Cortes and
and real left to keep proving their bona
fides and I think obviously in their
case I think they want to go there
anyways but I think and that's how you
and then and then the other dynamic
that's emerging that I'd like your
thoughts on to which I actually take is
encouraging is there's been some
articles that have come out on you know
Elizabeth Warren's in a bit of a
different category because she might run
for president but specifically Jeff
Merkley and Brian Schatz who to me
that's another sign of a win because
they are they're they're liberal
progressives in a positive sense not our
politics were to the left of them but
they have some very genuine and serious
commitments you know Berkeley was out of
the gate on the ice kidnappings Schatz
has produced serious proposals on on
College on Climate they're both signed
up for Medicare for all Merkley endorsed
Sanders and their goals are to get
Senate leadership positions as people
that can synthesize the
kradic caucus but from the left not as
corporate respects I love it you know
that that's the hope I mean we're
there's obviously going to have to be a
leadership change because what's what's
happened what's been happening is it's
not tenable right the leadership that we
have and and it has to come from a
leftist perspective but we have to be
reasonable about how far the next left
leadership is right so I think that
that's a reasonable step in the right
direction obviously we want to go even
further left in the long run but you
know we're not going to have che leaders
in the Senate in in the next two or
three years but you know we can move in
the right direction and because we can't
stay with what we have and and if we
don't put this is this is this goes back
to what you say give them give them a
squat give them give them a tribe there
because without without that there there
is no left leadership in the Senate or
the house particularly and so this is
all the more reason we have to engage in
a political system I mean more now now
more than ever and by the way I just
want to add we're pivot in a second but
actually I should add for frankly and I
I and I interviewed both Allison Hartson
and Kevin de Lyon on Michael Brooks show
and I of course I was you know much
closer to hearts and in terms of
politics but I would add that to the mix
you have a choice now between you know a
solid center-left guy who's got some
good instincts who came around to the
right position on ice who's been serious
about climate and expanding health care
and immigrants rights versus a far-right
National Security Democrat vote for
Kevin de Lyonne in California like that
also is a tant that is a tangible
improvement right there if you replace a
Kevin de Leon with a Diane over Dianne
Feinstein you know it doesn't it doesn't
always have to be you know that isn't as
exciting as a Cascio cortez or connie le
you know that's my politics but it's a
real improvement right right but but you
know the thing is is we've
intellectualized disenfranchising
ourselves that's that's honestly where
we are in terms of the left we're
actually there in the black community as
well it because this is the intellectual
thing to do to abstain and
participating in this and particularly
from an incrementalist perspective right
if you're if you're talking
incrementalism then you're just as bad
as a corporate neoliberal shill and and
that is the perfect formula to keep you
out of power in perpetuity I agree
completely let's I want to touch on this
tariff stuff for a minute with Trump two
parts of it that I want your thoughts on
one we saw the big threat with China
then china sort of soothed him by giving
a company has an Indonesia deal which is
like eek Trump and then you know with
the Europeans it basically was I mean
much lower stakes but essentially the
same as North Korea a bunch of dramas
created and then they sit and him and
Yonker announced an agreement which is
really just aspirations it's like yeah
one day we'll have this tariff free
relationship but it does strike me I
mean trade is particularly an area
though where the frame that oh my God
look at what Donald Trump is doing is
profoundly insufficient trade has always
been particularly in modern era
particularly under WTO rules
unfortunately that is an area of real at
the presidential executive level
bipartisan consensus on writing the
rules of the road in favor of
corporations and in ways that are
incredibly harmful to labor to the
environment to public health across the
board even this Trump breastfeeding
thing at the UN I'm sorry yes it's
totally disgusting but no Obama Bush and
Clinton did very similar things
including you know in the late 90s the
Clinton administration's approach to
generic AIDS drugs in South Africa was
one of the most moral obscenities you
could imagine and we're gonna and I
actually think for that Midwest strategy
that's another area where Democrats are
gonna really need to come up with and
the grassroots is gonna really need to
come up with what what does a what does
an actual Fairtrade system look like I
you know I was reading the post the
article by Zack Carter and nothing to
post and you know he was he was he was
expounding on the problem you know it's
obviously these things existed
pre-existed Donald Trump I mean you said
as much just now
but but Donald Trump is taking a hatchet
to to the problem that that really needs
precision in terms of how do we how do
we unravel what has become free-trade on
the international stage that's inter
dependency that we have between nations
how do we unravel that to something that
is that is fair trade and how do we do
it in a in a in a in a way that does not
destroy more than it does any good
Donald Trump is not out to do anything
good here we're yes we do need fair
trade and I and I think I think that is
the framing that we should have this
conversation in I think we should seize
on the opportunity that Donald Trump is
creating by bringing light to the
problems of this by trying to bring a
hatchet job to this you know he is he is
bringing a lot of light to the problem
but we should seize upon that to do the
right thing and I think that's the case
of so many things that Donald Trump does
he stumbles onto the right area for the
wrong reason and he becomes this idiot
like like a bull in a china shop just
destroying things but in reality there's
some things about the china shop that we
actually need to fix and I think if we
if we don't seize the opportunity to
make substantive changes for the good
then we we will allow Donald Trump to do
all of the damage without anything good
coming from it yeah I think that's
totally true but and I think that this
also underlines I know we've talked
about this before but just how awful the
media coverage was that drew this lazy
symmetry between Sanders and Trump and
they would say oh you know these guys
are both upset at the system and they're
both critical trade agreements Bernie
Sanders was talking about changing trade
agreements to basically create labor
solidarity and enhanced conditions right
and to the extent that Trump and that
people really need to remember this do
you think said he was ever specific
about it was saying things like
Americans make too much money yeah
honestly I honestly forgot that he said
you remember that I remember call it now
Wow
is this the same thing with with any of
the trade deals that he's talking about
he's not talking about fixing the
problem that we
have with the system he's talking about
fixing the problem that he sees with the
system system and you have to realize
who Donald Trump is he is a capitalist
yeah I mean he is he is a neoliberal
right from that perspective so you know
if you think he's trying to fix
something uh you know with the tpo like
if the things that he's trying to fix
are not the problems that we have with
the system right he's doing favors it's
amazing how many of the things that he
does are for like personal favors too
for people he knows I he'll he'll make
changes to the entire system
for one individual well you know just
because he's addressed in trade doesn't
mean he's addressing it from the
perspective that we as leftist warned
him to address it and so I think that is
the the danger both in terms of the
media's lazy and laziness and their
reporting but also with how he lulled
some people I don't know what percentage
it was but some people were lulled into
supporting him because he had the
language of a populace in actuality he's
as much a capitalist as anybody else in
the system that's exactly right and I
think that also illustrates the other
like well one good way of telling the
difference between an actual you know
genuine populist progressive or
socialist analysis versus the pseudo
populist far-right reactionary and in
fact hyper corrupt capitalist that
you're talking about is what order of
thing are we talking about right like
Briggs it obviously I think is you know
it's pound for pound I get that there's
a left critique of the EU which I find
credible Greg's it's a bad idea
but a big thing is is like is somebody
going to you and saying that there is a
problem that affects the UK staying on
that and the whole European Union and
that problem is the EU the euro as a
currency was designed in a way that you
know followed the rules of the gold
standard which a reactionary which are
right leaning in terms of monetary
policy there's a problem in terms of
austerity like there is a capitalist
problem that has affected the UK in
terms of stagnation massive inequality
and all of the problems we have across
the world in a deregulated neoliberal
environment
and if you and that's the problem and if
somebody says to you even when they're
saying things and making noises about
things that are real inequality wage
stagnation insecurity and then they go
and it's that bureaucracy and we could
solve it by this second-order thing
that's always the tip-off I mean
sometimes obviously it's as blatant as
you know the that oh the reason is is
because of you know immigrants or
whatever and the racism is obvious but
even when they're not going there
explicitly if they're talking about
something that isn't just like
capitalists writ large like capital is a
problem it isn't a specific problem
because of the eurozone rules it's a
proper because it's a problem it's a
problem right you know right and you
gotta carry that yeah and and I would i
would hope those of us you know this is
why if I could just kind of be cliche
here this is why independent media is so
important this is why fear so is
important this is why what all of us do
it is important is because we have to
translate these things it's not that the
people can't do it on their own they're
totally capable of doing this but you
know what when you're trapped in this
system you really may not have enough
time to really see delineate the
difference between what this particular
politician is saying as a critique of
capitalism our critique of our current
system and what this politician is
saying is a true critique of capitalism
as a true way of getting class
solidarity international class
solidarity right and so it's important
that we have these conversations because
it's never going to happen on mainstream
media that I don't know in our lifetime
if it would ever happened on television
or in the mainstream news but it's so
critical because the sleight of hand is
so insidious there it Donald Trump
mastered it I don't even think he meant
to master it but he understood that if
he could communicate in the language of
populism in the tone of populism he can
actually exacerbate the problem of the
purlins other people yeah that's exactly
right
all right I just want to touch on Brazil
with you briefly people know that
obviously on both you know my show and
majority report I've been covering this
a lot and there's a letter and this also
I think again actually underlines our
earlier point about who you get into
Congress but 29 Congress P
signed a letter including Bernie Sanders
barbara Lee Maxine Waters keith Ellison
it was it was organized by mark Pocan
who's actually also a good progressive
from Wisconsin who helped organize
against TPP and it not only calls you
know denounces the height the
quote-unquote highly questionable and
politicized imprisonment of former
President Luiz inácio Lula da Silva it
also states that the fight against
corruption should not be used to justify
the persecution of political opponents
or denying them the right to participate
in free elections of course Lula
leads and elections even though he's
been imprisoned on very few MC evidence
for several months that person second to
him in the elections is a quite literal
fascist someone who's talked about
restoring military rule in Brazil and
they and the letter also talks about the
austerity regime of Michel temer right
now which came into office through
removing Dilma Rousseff from office and
is using you know brutal austerity and
uh and basically reversing all of the
social gains of the lula government
which took 40 million people out of
poverty and i also want to just add
major cloud on obama and carrie here
because this was heating up really in
2014-2015 and they did nothing in terms
of looking at the a very dangerous very
politicized situation in brazil which
was clearly a tool of oligarchs to
reassert control and you know i just
want your your thoughts on this i guess
both from a US and Brazil perspective I
know we've chatted about it offline off
off-mike yeah you know particularly from
the US perspective I think this is this
is why you can't minimize the importance
of another voice right because we would
have seen participation from the
opposite side for for purposes of
oligarchy for the purposes of
corporatism across global corporatism
but now we have voices that are speaking
out on the issue that quite frankly I'm
surprised that we got that not because
of the people who were on the letter
like the letter who signed Maxine Waters
barbara Lee like you said Bernie Sanders
wrote Anna
I expect that from those people but to
have it organized and presented to
actually be participating on the
international stage in a positive way
right the United States as a kin can
have the positive impact that we should
have had all along that you can't
minimize the importance of having every
individual leftist voice that we can get
into Washington DC from the bridge from
the Brazil perspective you know it's
it's I'm not an expert I mean I guess
none of us are experts on these fields
but but just just really specifically
the opportunity for power to change and
to control that next step like this is
this is a very important decision this
is a very important election and what
happens after this is this is the
pivotal moment right and so the ability
for people in power to pull the chains
of power to maintain power
we can't minimize how important that is
and look at that as a model of what
could potentially happen in other
nations and so this is this is like
something we've seen historically it's
like it's like a playbook that that
people in power who want to control it
and we're not talking about individual
people so much as regimes right the the
right-leaning regime wants to remain in
power and so of course of course it's
going to do everything they can to
maintain that power even if it means the
violation of human rights civil rights
and anything else so but but yeah I mean
that's that's pretty much all I have
them in yeah no I agree with that
completely and I also just think it's a
very it's also another important thing
to look at
it's another rhetoric to be very mindful
of like AMLO has an anti-corruption
campaign which is connected with the
problems of inequality in oligarchy in
Mexico in Brazil a generic campaign
about corruption which by the way
corruption is an issue that the current
president who was implementing once the
austerity is literally on tape talking
about bribing people and there's a very
clean case you can make that to the
extent that the Workers Party and even
Lula himself though there's been as I
say the evidence against him is is would
not pass muster in with any kind of
rigorous process but that they actually
acquiesce
to a degree of participation in
corruption because that's the only way
you can acquire any kind of power
Zil in fact that very similar in fact to
the type of people who make a cut in a
realistic argument about some of the
compromises that somebody like Obama
made and frankly we're being real Lula
has certainly delivered a lot more for
people in poverty than Obama did here
but that being said I think that it's
another good example that just of course
anti-corruption is an important issue
and of course it matters a lot if you
believe in left politics and government
democracy but at the same time it's
another thing that shouldn't it doesn't
float in space by itself well if it
isn't connected to a broader critique
and understanding of politics power and
things by the way that we don't call
corrupt but are innately corrupt like
oleg arks controlling all the country's
resources right then it's then it's
gonna not only not address the problems
it's gonna be harnessed to do what
they're doing to Brazil ah specifically
but it also you know implement austerity
this assassination of mario land franco
which is where a letter also represents
it's gonna be used in a very corrupted
way ironically to to actually really
just reassert oligarchy which is what's
happening in brazil well that I mean and
