[Music]
[Music]
okay and I just love it I hope to
protest in host a contest to proceed on
your conquest thank God no gap ain't
gonna fight nobody battle I just wanna
be free I even beat nobody
shadow body shadow
I lined up like homeless me burn up in a
hobby or homeless feel okay right I
don't try to stop again my way you did
stuff like a Broadway right a came a
lady
okay okay feel my pain going to say I'll
be saying cuz ain't got but a car for my
feet
[Music]
the white shoes gonna be young about me
can't get a job at a protest me
same time that America refused to give
the Negro in and land through an act of
Congress our government was giving away
millions of acres of land in the West
and the Midwest which meant that it was
willing to undergird its fight peasants
from Europe with an economic floor but
not only did they give the land they
built land-grant colleges with
government money to teach them how to
farm not only that they provided County
agents to further their expertise
informant not only that they provided
low interest rates in order that they
could mechanize their farms not only
that today many of these people are
receiving millions of dollars in federal
subsidies not to fall and they are the
very people telling the black man that
he ought to lift himself by his own
bootstraps and this is what we are faced
with and this is the reality now when we
come to Washington in this campaign we
are coming to get our check what's it it
doesn't matter wait a minute disappear
[Music]
welcome to the Michael Brooks show were
broadcasting live from Brooklyn USA left
is best we got to tell the origin story
that's some time
as always I'm joined by super producer
Matlack what's up
head to your Titian david Griscom hello
everyone it's super producer David
Slovak roaming the digital sphere for us
and this score Twitter and everywhere
else on this week's program Natalie from
contra point we are talking about the
conundrum that is Jordan Peterson and
somehow coincidentally with that bad
science somehow those two subjects are
connected and then Breanna joy gray is
talking about controversies around the
new article in Harper's the me to
movement making distinctions and the
Trump just assault budget on the poor
can we have an economic justice platform
for everyone is that the future all that
and more in studio with crew Breanna joy
gray and we got a guy I actually like
but he just went so whack that he's got
to go into the pyramid some global news
for the shoutout and of course the
postgame it's the michael brooks show
let's go thanks everybody let's start by
talking about the united states of care
now yes
it is a really boring name and yes it
will be awesome if we could all ignore
this group but first i'm gonna tell you
what it is briefly and explain one
positive signal and then what we need to
recognize about it and bigger lessons
for us and our politics in our lives the
united states of care is an astroturf
group which is won the support of
everybody from andy richter to jon
favreau of POD save america it's headed
by Andy Slavitt who's a finance guy
major corporate figure
and it calls generically basically for
universal health care it's an astroturf
group to muddy the waters for the
grassroots energy and push for
single-payer now as Ryan grim pointed
out this is actually very positive news
because this means that we are making
real headway pushing for an actual
National Health Insurance Program which
will cover every single human in this
country period no nonsense
Universal full government provided
health insurance period the only path
forward in any type of remotely just
decent and sane society the corporate
sector notices this and they're
responding the united states of care is
going to be the liberal lane of muddying
the waters of what national health
insurance is and I'm gonna talk a little
bit now about how they do this with some
help from a richard s cow at AlterNet
this is a couple because they state
their claim in terms of quote unquote
principles which of course mean nothing
when we're talking about full clear
delivery this is one of their principles
all Americans should have access to a
regular source of care for themselves
and their families and s cow rights an
alternate why a quote unquote regular
source of care why not say that everyone
should have access to quality care
regardless of financial circumstances or
why not use the centrist rhetoric of
previous years a promise universal
coverage perfect questions
no one should face this is back to the
united states of care no one should face
financial devastation due to illness or
injury this even avoids that standard
issue centrist word affordable the word
quote unquote devastation suggests a
very low level of financial protection
at a time and increasing numbers of
Americans report putting off needed
medical care because of cost we saw the
tragedy of that teacher who died of the
flu recently putting off a copay to get
the medication she needed so so-called
catastrophic insurance plans would
arguably fit this criteria and today and
they are disastrous for working families
even Donald Trump's health insurer
proposal flimsy as it was could
conceivably fit the bill and then this
is last we need to achieve these goals
through policies that are fiscally
responsible and have the political
support to last why we need single-payer
no which is my editorial there
of course that's more sort of
meaningless buzzwords from this the
United States of Care Group and you're
gonna see celebrities and you're gonna
see centrist pundits go out and use this
group to money the water they might have
well good intentions they might be
operating under a delusional framework
that we somehow can make some type of
peace and reconciliation with a modern
Republican Party which is of course in
its endgame right now of its commitment
full and total commitment to utterly
obliviated obliterating what little
remains of the American social safety
net let alone expanding it let's be very
clear about that so this is going to
become the next litmus test for every
single mainline democratic politician
when they say they support universal
health care or single-payer
medicare-for-all because these are the
terms now you need to say do you support
Bernie Sanders bill if you co-sponsored
it if you're Christian Dilla brand if
you're Kamala Harris are you going to
fulfill that as president now of course
I don't trust any of these figures the
only one I trust on health care is
Bernie Sanders but we need to box them
in on the specifics that is the next
road here and no grassroots organization
now can be compromised by the money that
is undoubtedly going to be floating
around to broaden the astroturf
campaigns there's consulting firms in
Washington there's strategy groups that
specifically work to distort left and
progressive messages and use formerly
credible messengers Howard Dean is
pretty much blowing his brand but I
wouldn't be surprised if he still gets
some Pharma insurance money to help
distort this debate other two quick
points a single-payer is the only
solution it's already a compromise the
real left position would be an American
national health insurance system with no
private-sector activity except for
potentially in areas of research and
innovation single-payer is the
compromise and that is the bare minimum
of the tip of the spear we need for a
broader mass movement of economic
justice in this country and finally this
is also why we do need marks and we need
a deeper radicalism because in today's
world with capitalism where it is in
terms of like very few additional places
to grow there's a couple of growth
markets in the African continent there's
space in the realm of the immaterial
economy which is still rooted in
material realities right the knowledge
economy is still built in the hardware
of all of these machines which are still
incredibly environmentally devastating
and still rely obviously on the
traditional patterns of consumption and
all of the inequalities of money and
access apply to who even gets the
hardware so we have one economy the
make-believe internet economy which we
get to set the rules of we can easily
turn into a commons and decentralize
that in no way needs to rely on the
handful of a couple of monopolies and
behemoths attempting to turn it into
sort of interactive cable with a lot of
porn that's totally unnecessary then we
have an eco economy which is reaching
its absolute limit but capitalism will
never stop eating because as long as the
engine is in place it will eat through
all of life systems and we're seeing
that now everything from mineral
extraction to of course devastating
global climate change in that context of
course we're not going to be
acceleration asur not gonna be dumb them
we're gonna fight for the games we need
in the present system things like
single-payer health care things like an
economic Bill of Rights things like free
public college but we also have to know
that as long as we're playing within the
rules of capital even if we achieve
those things as profoundly hard as they
would be they will never be stable or
safe
so we always need a fuller on
questioning and practices and economic
alternatives and economic
democratization in order to ill even
allow for the types of adjustments in a
more social democratic direction that
most of us are actually practically
talking about so you need to expose the
astroturf fight for the social democracy
and hold the long-term future out of a
radically democratizing our economy to
even have the possibility of those
social Democratic gains and in the long
run
- seriously fundamentally reorient the
operating systems of society so we can
protect the living systems of the planet
and actually fulfill broad individual
and group potential that's the path
that's how it goes and it should start
this beautiful large macro cosmic
journey should start with you tweeting
at united states of care and every
celebrity associated with it to go
themselves they are the anti shadow that
really is just like a really sad
conglomeration of like it's like the
perfect fusion of like like predators
and naive jackasses coming together to
money the waters on one of the greatest
areas of at least public opinion and
advancement we've had in modern American
politics Andy Richter being part of the
rollout for that really depresses me I
got nothing I expect you a better of
celebrities I just think like Vic it
just shows
you were saying about Andy Richter how
they can get swept up in these things
did you like Andy Richter Matt I'm just
thinking if we had to we should do this
someday ranked the celeb resisters like
I think Ruffalo's maybe he's up there
Ruffalo's cool Ruffalo knows what he's
talking about right and then there's
other people who are just you're
horrible name one more name besides
Richter as another horrible resistor
guy's horrible celebrity resistor
lightning round I mean there are little
obvious leaders Patricia Arquette oh
yeah I mean that's that's a pretty bad
one right there and then whoever the
Trump administration fires next week
that all of a sudden all these jackasses
try days injuries John Cusack's a bit
Russia story oh really
that's surprising I think so I may be
round about them well yeah you should
totally just slandered John Cusack on
the show though knowing that well done
well forty no it's a great movie good
recovery
alright so now let's do we're gonna do
the the shoutout oh wow
was it that Felix line we're talking
about last week like the videos where
like the government's like Birdman's
little Wayne don't go ahead they can't
go to the same track it's gonna be too
good gotta intercept them
so that shout-out does go to the African
National Congress under the new
leadership of Cyril Ramaphosa they
recall Jacob Zuma today as head of the
African National Congress Cyril
Ramaphosa had already been set to
replace Zuma heading into the elections
in 2019 but they've actually asked Zuma
to leave earlier there probably be a
caretaker president look America is
really lucky that Donald Trump is not
remotely as intelligent or as effective
or as skillful as Jacob Zuma the type of
next advance of crony Predator
capitalism Zuma and a network of
intelligence officials and corporate and
corporate raiders have really arranged
in South Africa they have eaten away at
the state and not of course achieved or
attempted to tackle you keep the music
going actually any of the second wave of
economic liberation now this does not
mean that the ANC is gonna be returning
to its mass democratic socialist roots
Cyril Ramaphosa is a billionaire he has
a very very very questionable record
look up the Marikana Massacre we talked
about this a couple of weeks ago but as
noted on this program this replacement
is coming early and this is a global
signal that South Africa is returning to
a responsible mode of economic
governance and these are that
distinctions that we need to make
because we want to overturn all of these
systems but there is a distinction
between unjust and problems and mate in
implementing capital reforms versus full
state robbery which we saw under Jacob
Zuma so hopefully some hope for South
Africa and the African National Congress
which for all of its problems in
governance is still one of the most
fascinating noble and to learn from
organizations in our modern history so
we have good pitch music ready
I don't remember what this is this is
West Side Story of the game I really
like that totally a game I really
created this is so Dre we are at over a
thousand patrons played Wolfenstein
earlier and this is how we grow it's how
we pay the bills next week I should let
everybody know we're actually not gonna
have a live show next week is gonna be
the first week we have an allied show
since we've launched we are on vacation
but we're releasing to elicit history's
next week one before the public audience
and you know of course there's always
the additional content for patrons
thanks everybody it's a really good show
the word is spreading well give me a
history we're giving context for giving
the sort of larger infrastructure for
understanding the moment we're in more
and more people are saying oh my people
are saying everywhere including I was
just talking to zero books they just
can't believe how great - show us the
before saying Matt rudely turned that
into a Trump bit it is actually really
true
no thanks all of you the mission is
clear we're on it
we're already thinking about our next
goal we reach 2,000 the next gift that
we'll give everybody illicit history is
coming up on gamer identity Marx's
critique of the Gotha program and the
history of and creation of Islamophobia
as foreign policy practice all that much
much more patreon.com slash TMDs we're
also at about two eleven reviews on
itunes thank you that does help sort of
move the word if you have time to throw
us one of those and soon in the works
the main show the main live full michael
brooks show will still be on the
majority report youtube channel and
still some of the clips but we're gonna
actually have our own channel we're
gonna be doing some clipping on as well
and that will help you spread the word
in the sketches i'm talking with
animator tomorrow that's happening let's
keep growing let's keep moving you all
are great thanks everybody
patreon.com slash t MVS we will be right
back with Natalie from Concha Point
[Music]
welcome back Michael Brooks show I am
Michael Brooks thanks so much for
watching and listening joining us now is
Natalie from Contra point Natalie how
you doing hi I am doing good thanks how
are you I'm doing very well I appreciate
your time as always let's talk about the
conundrum that is Jordan B Peterson uh
yes hi Jordan our old friend sweet chart
enemy eventuate well Jordan is very
upset yeah yeah no go ahead he's had a
hard time being a public celebrity
intellectual right massive patreon
account it's a very hard road it's
actually it's a pretty good gig he has
like he complains about political
correctness and get some an outrageous
internet salary believes academic
believe me I I have I have
noted with care how good how good a gig
that is I thought about yeah exactly
what are we doing we should be yeah hey
actually let's test it out for a second
do you just feel like in today's world
you just like can't say what you're
thinking anymore yeah it's like these uh
politically correct liberals like they
just it's like it's like Orwell's
nightmare I know it was like Ike was
just like thinking the other day like
like I don't know like I don't want to
kill anybody or anything but like gay
people are gross and like I can't say
that anymore it's it's really it's it's
it's terrible what this country's come
to and you know that's like what the
Muslims want um we have women at schools
we should they come to school that'd be
nice alright I this is this is a very
fat target here but let I'm just gonna
play I'm sure you've seen this I'm sure
many people have already seen this but
we're gonna play this clip and actually
I have some critiques of how the Vice
interviewer handled this actually but
let's just play this clip to set you up
of Jordan Peterson's conversation with
Vice where he explains just the really
pernicious effects of makeup in the
workplace and then you you can take it
from there
here's a question can men and women work
together in the workplace yes I how do
you do it how do you know because I work
with a lot of women well it's been
happening for what 40 years and things
are deteriorating very rapidly at the
moment in terms of the relationships
between men and women sexual harassment
in the workplace yes should it stop that
would be good will it well not at the
moment it won't because we don't know
what the rules are
do you think men and women can work in
the workplace together you don't know
without sexual harassment we'll see well
how many years will it take for men and
women working in the workplace together
more than four in a sense we don't know
what the rules are
like what here's a rule don't vote no
makeup in the workplace why were that's
here from who why should you wear makeup
in the workplace isn't that sexually
provocative no it's not no what is it
then what's the purpose of makeup
some people would like to just put on
makeup why I don't know why why do you
