[Music]
it's time to look in the mirror America
do you like what you see I keep
referring to Obama as the magic negro
you like what you see now well on this
it's just a mirror
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you
except black your image I did nothing
wrong at the Minneapolis Airport dodge
our day rub far more credible to me than
PBS and frontline the majority report
with sam cedar
it is Wednesday October 4th 2017 mine
[Music]
2017 it is let's try this again
look yeah let's just start it over
[Music]
[Music]
shared sacrifice by everybody what could
it do to you except reflect your image I
did nothing wrong
at the Minneapolis Airport homage our
dear up far more credible to me than PBS
and frontline the majority report with
sam cedar
it is Wednesday October 4th 2017 my name
is Sam cedar this is the four-time award
winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today
justice editor for Think Progress author
of in justices the Supreme Court's
history of comforting the comfortable
and afflicting the afflicted
Ian Milhiser will be here to give us a
preview of this Supreme Court's term
including a rundown of the arguments and
a really important gerrymandering case
that had oral arguments yesterday in
front of the court also on the program
today Trump Gil goes full sociopath on
Puerto Rico tour man affords son-in-law
turns Ivanka and jr. seem to have bought
their way out of a fraud indictment
beats my kids the knives are out for
Tillerson former Obama administration
health care officials will fight Trump
on Affordable Care Act signups and a new
study without federal and state
subsidies forty-five percent of oil
production in this country at this price
would be unprofitable meanwhile an
anti-choice congressman begs his mitt
rest' to get an abortion
please Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell in gun
rights expansion triage and lastly our
Secretary of Education spends six point
five million dollars million dollars on
the million
did I say billion
six point six point five million dollars
a year on security all that and more on
today's program folks sorry we had a
little false start there because there's
something wrong with my microphone
apparently it's a little bit loose
Michael broke it last night oh and I
should also tell you that I already have
a correction to make about today's
program earlier in this program today I
said that we are the four-time award
winning majority report and I want to
apologize what I should have said is
that we are the five-time award-winning
majority report that's right folks you
folks and the voters I'm not even quite
clear on how how it works I they have a
different system over at podcast Awards
calm we won our fifth best news and
politics award from podcast Awards calm
and that makes a that makes it we are
five four five out of the years that we
were eligible for that award five four
five I think we're done now I don't
think we can win it anymore that we
broke it it's caused a perfect record
buttery good yeah it's too bad Puerto
Rico couldn't get it together and do
something like the how is thank you in a
podcast avoid we're the San Antonio
Spurs of podcasts well I mean I think
the Celt won a lot of Spurs one five
whatever
listen folks seriously thank you thank
you for the support and and it is it's
nice I mean it's it's nice to get
acknowledged for your work in that way
and so we all here appreciate it
everybody's gonna get a chance to take
the trophy home for a night take it out
to a bar or whatever Matt Wales nothing
it's just it's a little thing called
trophy yeah sorry
excuse me let me let me just move that
Michael will drink his show
nay out of it subs in Lippitt over drink
assemblies I believe you know uh you
lord it over your children I will
attempt to get some authority I
definitely will excuse me young lady
do you realize I've won five-time
award-winning show you get to bed I'm
sorry folks this week has just been
insane and I'm feeling a little
punch-drunk I think it's only Wednesday
you know when Michael goes out with that
trophy and his Porsche bleah in it to
these local wine bar he'll be looking
for something for some like Michael then
I'll be looking for a little attention
for others it's it's for purpose that
was the trip get a bowl experiences but
for most of us let's face it it's our
keys
now look people ask me why do I wear the
same pair of pants every day because you
have weird folk now no you're absolutely
wrong
you're ugh you're wrong you're wrong I
switched over it's August 2nd the other
day I switched over from my shorts into
my pants and the reason why I do it is
because I'm always like I have too many
things going on and I can't think about
where's my wallet where's my keys if my
keys don't go in my pants I get
everything gets messed up
but I have a back-up plan
tracker pixel you will never worry about
losing your things again
eight years ago tracker its track and
then an R
changed everything when they release
their first tracking device now they've
done it again with the all new tracker
pixel it's the lightest Bluetooth
tracking device on the market you place
tracker pixel on whatever you tend to
lose keys wallets I don't know you could
put it on your animals I guess then when
you misplace an item that has a tracker
pixel attached you use your smartphone
and a 90 decibel
alert we'll help you find it in seconds
powerful LED lights he can see things in
the dark and it can help you find your
phone even when it's silent and this is
the amazing part okay it's Bluetooth
right but because every tracker is user
is part of the largest crowd locate
Network in the world you can locate
items from miles away so a crowd source
it through Bluetooth and thanks to
trackers 30 day money-back guarantee you
truly have nothing to lose you can go to
the go to the tracker dot-com that's the
word the track and then the letter R
dot-com enter promo code majority get
20% off any order that's tracker dot-com
promo code majority for 20% off ladies
and gentlemen this is going to allow me
to change my pants the tracker dot-com
promo code majority now in addition to
maintaining the same clothes all the
time so that I don't the other thing is
helping me right now get through this
because the amount of news folks is just
insane it's just insane and so there are
long-form magazine articles that I want
to read I don't have time to read them I
don't know how I'm gonna get them and
the thing that's basically helping me
right now is my texture app I've talked
about a lot you know about it in two
weeks I'd make my trip to Vegas honestly
the thing I'm thinking about most right
now well in addition to like how I'm
gonna win the craps table is that plane
ride where I'm gonna sit down on my iPad
and go through all of these articles
that I've set aside in texture it has
over 200 plus magazines available puts
an endless supply of in-depth interviews
articles in the palm of your hand it
gives you daily recommendations
exclusive interactive features and it's
fully searchable so you can mark what
you like this is the part that I like
you check out old issues you view bonus
video content you create your own
magazine from 200 plus
magazines for the cost of basically one
subscription they got National
Geographic they got Fast Company they
got Rolling Stone
they got wired they got Family Handyman
they got New Yorker New York
it's normally $9.99 a month but if you
sign up right now textured dot-com slash
majority you get a 14-day free trial 14
days try texture for free
when you go to texture dot-com slash
majority texture dot-com slash majority
check it out folks honestly it's like I
you know I don't know I guess it's maybe
a testament to my life but I really do
like this might make big fantasy I can
we have three hours to read anything I
want I kind of get it now
yeah yeah yeah you just wait buddy and
here is uh and this is also exciting
we're we're very close we've been doing
a several week long search essentially
for new hires not necessarily to replace
old Kelly even though she's now moved
into the slot of old Kelly but because
she's still sort of like she's still
present Kelly just not local president
Kelly I don't know virtual Kelly she's
virtual Kelly and we did our job search
on zip recruiter and I'll tell you
something it was the smartest thing I
feel like I've done in ages perhaps ever
huh ask me this question do you know
where to post your job to find the best
candidates do you know it oppose now I
didn't I had no idea so I just did it
unzip recruiter and it went to a hundred
plus job sites with one click I went on
a glass ceiling to look up something
that's where you find out like what pay
scales have for different professions I
found are I was looking in the radio
thing I found our ad oh I thought you
can say bender
did you but nevermind no he did a verb a
job
zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them 80%
of employers opposed to job on zip
recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site within one day and
there's no juggling emails no calls the
office screen rate manage all the
candidates in on the zip recruiter
dashboard it's been really a great
experience
find out why zip recruiter has been used
by businesses of all sizes this tiny
tiny one that we have here and the
massive one will become right now my
listeners can post jobs unzip recruiter
for free that's right for free just go
to zip recruiter comm slash majority
that zip recruiter dot-com slash
majority one more time try for free go
to zip recruiter comm slash majority you
know my watchwords the best time to look
for candidates is when you're not hiring
alright let's do this
fairly quickly this Donald Trump was in
Puerto Rico yesterday he was there for
about four hours they had to extend the
trip because there's a strong sense that
he is completely out of touch and they
wanted to make it look like he actually
cared about people and doing that came
from we have a lot of audio and video
from his trip there that I think if you
were if you were like a daughter or a
son of Donald Trump's and you were
trying to get him committed this is
footage that you would submit to the
court and say this guy is just not he
doesn't have a sense of where he is or
what honor look yes what this is what
we'd like to submit his evidence but
here is another moment where Donald
Trump wings it and actually says
something that would genuinely be good
for Puerto Rico and remember listen to
what he says in an interview with
Geraldo Rivera Puerto Rico which has
been under the thumb of vulture
capitalists and hedge funders for years
now here's Donald Trump we're going to
work something out we have to look at
their whole debt structure you know they
a lot of money to your friends on Wall
Street and we're gonna have to wipe that
out that's gonna have to be you know you
can say goodbye to that I don't know if
it's Goldman Sachs but whoever it is you
could wave goodbye to that we have to do
something about because they're the debt
was massive on the island and I okay so
there you have it he's gonna wipe out
the debt now there's a guy who knows how
to wipe out debt if anybody does Donald
Trump should still pay this is what
people have been asking for this would
be huge
it would be monumental and it's
undoubtedly not going to happen here's
MUC Mulvaney just hours later on with
Chris Cuomo it seemed to suggest that he
is open to wiping out the Puerto Rican
cause yet I get a just correct Chris
Cuomo there he didn't seem to suggest
anything he said we're gonna wipe it out
but okay frickin debt is that to be
taken seriously on its face I wouldn't
take it word for with that I talked the
president about this at some length
yesterday as we flew home on the on air
force wonder what we're focusing on
right now is what you and I just talked
about which is the primary focus of the
federal effort is to make sure the
island is safe and that we're rebuilding
the island dealing with the challenges
that Puerto Rico had the island is at
least seventy two billion dollars in
debt 120 if you go by other counts
before the storm we are going to focus
our attention right now on rebuilding
the island repairing the island making
sure everybody is safe and that we get
through this difficult time yeah in
other words oh he's crazy and we're not
gonna do that
so sometimes inadvertently he advocates
for things that might genuinely benefit
people so then I gotta pull on the side
of the plane explain exactly there's no
way that we're gonna try to alleviate
the suffering of the PRS yes we're kind
of on the opposite agenda we're trying
to create more suffering in the world oh
okay alright well abandoned text me told
me to say that and then I said it and
that's how we really need anyways we
just need it to be sad just say then
we'll let okay
nobody's gonna pay attention to rico
anymore anyways okay that's that's great
all right I was so confused when Stephen
wanted to do that took me a long time
for him to explain it they wearing
Mexicans right we gotta take a quick
break when we come back in Milhiser
[Music]
[Music]
that was
[Music]
I better get
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it is a pleasure to
welcome back to the program
Ian Milhiser he is the justest editor
for Think Progress and author of in
justices the Supreme Court's history of
comforting the comfortable and
afflicting the afflicted welcome back to
the program in it's good to be here
thanks so much so all right let's start
with gia Gill V Whitford this is the
there are multiple sort of I guess like
incredibly important cases in terms of
what it will do to our politics and to
our society that will come up in this
term and this is the this is obviously
the first term of the supreme court with
neil Gorsuch sitting on the court
sitting in a seat that was really meant
to be Merrick Garland's or someone
else's and this is the the balance of
the court has switched back to the
Conservatives and and this is going to
be relevant when we look at cases that
are more or less being revisited not the
exact same cases but the simple of the
same legal questions but let's start
with Gil V Whitford what is this case
about sure I mean Gil it's not an
exaggeration saying not only is it's the
most important case of the term but it's
probably the most important case we've
seen in several years
um Gil is an attack on partisan
gerrymander um and it was very clear
several justices made comments Paul
Smith the voting rights attorney arguing
the case against gerrymandering made
several comments about how
gerrymandering is just getting more and
more sophisticated for getting better
data analysis tools better computers and
we are going it we are entering a
downward spiral where the party that
controls the legislature when the maps
are drawn can lock themselves into power
so that they will control the
legislature legislature again when the
next round of maps are
and you no longer have competitive
election in fact that Smith cited and
there's some data I mean specific data
that I guess like in there was in
Wisconsin they redrew the maps in 2011
and the next year the Republicans won
one forty eight point six of the vote in
that state in Wisconsin but they won 60
out of 99 Assembly seats right so right
so they actually they actually lost the
popular election that year and still won
the legislature because of the
gerrymander not even just one the
legislature and like what you would call
a landslide right I mean right yeah I
mean yeah it was yeah over sixty percent
of the seats when they lost the election
this was an extraordinary gerrymander um
and so the question here is whether this
gerrymander violates the Constitution oh
and let's just explain for a moment just
to back up for people who don't
understand how that works like I mean
they're you know I think like for the
uninitiated and and we've talked about
this on this program multiple times we
had an interview with with the author of
rat EFT which talked about this but but
just broadly speaking explain how it is
that you can lose the popular vote in a
state but still win the election that
many seats right so there's basically
two ways that you people drawl
gerrymandered bats and Wisconsin they
did folks one is called packing so
packing is you know let's say that you
have a district that's already a solid
democratic district maybe 60% of the
voters in that district consistently
vote for the Democrat packing is when
you just pack in a bunch more Democrats
and turn a 60% Democrat district into
say a 90 or 95% district and what you do
by packing is you cause all those
Democrats you pack into it to waste
their vote because you know they're
going to be voting for someone who's
already going to win anyway the other
thing that you do is called cracking so
cracking is let's say you have a
district that's narrowly Democrat this
may be 55% Democrat where you'd expect
the Democratic candidate to win most of
the time cracking you crack off a little
sliver of those Democrats put them
somewhere else in a Republican district
and then fill in the voters you cracked
off with more Republican so a 55%
Democrat district becomes maybe a 45%
Democrat district and then you know and
then the Democratic candidate is go it's
going to lose and so that's what they
did over and over and over again when
they drew this map if they look for
opportunities to to turn democratic
districts into Republican districts and
cracking and where they there were too
many Democrats living in one place to
prevent a Democrat from getting elected
they just packed a whole bunch more
Democrats in so a whole lot of votes
would be would be what a whole lot of
Democratic votes would be wasted and
that's what they accomplished here
that's how they got math where
Republicans could lose the possible
actually still get more than 60% of the
seats okay so that's the that that's the
the the situation and so outline what is
the argument made by Paul Smith who was
arguing for the plaintiff saying that
this was essentially anti-democratic
