[Music]
what is this Jordan Peterson thing that
you dug up oh this is him talking about
the double helixes oh yeah okay we got
it this we got to do this you got to do
this a second then we'll get to we got
to get out of the gutter and get to
Farrakhan soon though this is from China
this is from China so this is got that
right but I just love that references so
insanely cool this representation so you
see the sort of the primary mother and
father of humanity emerging from this
underlying snake-like entity with its
tails
tangled together I think that's a Ripper
I really do believe this although it's
very complicated to explain why I really
believe that's a representation of DNA
and that that representation that
entwined double helix that is everywhere
you can see it in Australian Aboriginal
art and I'm using the Australians as an
example because they were isolated in
Australia for like 50,000 years
 them you don't learn every way
fucking-a makes you think does okay well
I'm gonna buck the trend a little here
it's actually sounds kind of cool okay
so like yes Jordan Peterson is like the
ultimate we live in a society guy like
he's the ultimate I just like smoke to
seed Blount here's what I think I but
but like I actually like did know a guy
who's like nah dude you smoke a seed
blunt you'll come to amazing realization
it's one of those like many stupid guys
I've known in my life
we're just slightly more stupid than me
I did is that is like an interesting
that's like the type of thing that I
wish was explored by people who like
weren't the zeitgeist guy or Jordan
Peters saying you know what I'm yeah why
is that in mylar that's kind of
interesting but it's like you know I I'm
sure like there's a longer version of a
clip where she just has some
insane stupid but she's very self
assured about you know but well you know
so that's actually the part that cracks
me up because especially like for this
world I'm like incredibly like whoo
agnostic and I'm not like one of these
like that's not factual like I don't
 like I think that more like good
left people should be like well I don't
want it like whatever like you should be
 going on ayahuasca trips I would
entertaining and like figuring like your
world is not just Sam Harris at
all i 100% believe in astrology even if
it's not real it's true I believe in a
lot of weird goofy did I admit as
goofy but it's like believe it you
believe it yeah why not if you believe
it you believe it exactly so so but I
didn't but no but I think that it's it's
it's the surety like this guy could be
like see that was because your moon was
in retrograde so you had your period so
therefore we need to legalize child
labor reminds me of that that story in
the Toronto whatever yeah because if a
professor said I can't go into why I
think well that's that's exactly that's
what makes it up I mean the I
think the subtext to this is like I feel
like a lot of like diehard like men who
like Jordan Peterson would watch that
clip and be like yeah totally you know
aliens told us about the double healer
or whatever his explanation is but like
you know if a woman likes astrology
they're like what everyone should have
like a dumb dumb thing that they like
that has something to it you know I
agree with this is letter and make sure
I agree that completely actually like I
actually like that that Jordan Peterson
not only he literally has the
personality of like a sexist like 1950s
like goddamnit
[Laughter]
it's like constant cascade of like
imbalanced emotionality and overreaction
and like what's coming out it mints like
this sea of Tears and histrionics is you
should straighten up yeah
man needs me man yeah it's that's the
way that's
thing is like he he like went into the
ancient truths of the universe and it
just like just like boring like
what color is your parachute right
wait I mean right I think that like he's
just like a shitty version of Joe Rogan
oh I yeah that's totally true Joe Rogan
you could say what like he I think he's
like easily swayed by people and maybe
like doesn't know as much as he thinks
he does but I think he kind of has like
a good heart in some ways I just I don't
know what kind of heart but that's the
new type of house be trifling
isn't it funny though that like the new
type of guy that everyone loves that is
in every like lar every well represented
like political or social ideology is
just like really melodramatic
middle-aged man now it's like after
everything can't like everything is
supposed to change and like really
rapidly in the past few years but it's
like okay so yeah everything's totally
different now we've changed the culture
so the biggest guys are James Comey you
know as for Peter Sam homies very messy
yeah just a bunch of like melodramatic
 catty 60 year old men it's so
weird it is really that is actually
really as opposed to like what like
Indian War veterans and like World War
two veterans and that's that's the thing
though it's always been that but the
more like the more that we think we
change things we just get the same
well no and there used to be a little
bit more plausible deniability like III
watch because I'm a glutton for
punishment I watched that new McCain
documentary and oh can't Wow a
piece of absolutely but I'm gonna
say something like this is just like a
sky is blue comment the fact that that
dude could basically be like I spent
like I was tortured for five years is
like some objective corollary to all of
this talking you know what I mean
like like there was at least an even
like
even like looking John Kerry lay Charlie
I was in my you know flyer
planes and like there was at least
in that generation some like
usually I mean grotesque like I
participated in an imperial mass murder
in Vietnam yeah I mean dad let me fly
the plane again after I it
alright well versus I've been crying in
a Toronto classroom there well I think
it's like I think like if anything like
if I we could have a whole conversation
about how like Trump won in this way
that he sort of turned everyone into him
like like everyone who paid attention to
politics started paying more attention
to politics in 2016 is now just all they
do is consume media and it makes them
 crazy and that's him that's him
they became him but if he also like
destroyed a lot of people's
preconceptions of what he's necessary or
what's okay what's the norm one of those
things was with like John McCain it was
like words like yeah were you like he
kind of has a point where he's like like
okay so is this guy good because he like
 up being a pilot that's what
that's like why he's an interesting
person why his opinions worth while and
it's like you know he's as much of a
piece of as John McCain but he's
also like right he's right about that
and I think people saw that and they're
like yeah why do you why do we need some
like arbitrary sacrifice to enjoy our
melodramatic old men you know yeah I
gotta say though I think like that the
problem with Rogan now is that Rogan is
another person that's just completely
 given into like you know like I'm
like a 50 year old like
multi-millionaire actor yeah and like
absolutely whatever minor annoyance
there is to me is completely a macro
reflection of the world so like
definitely kids being like crying about
ben shapiro yeah that's the biggest
threats of demonic exactly earth
like that's where he really and also the
gender the point we're like anybody
that obsesses that much about gender to
me I get a little bit like alright man
ya know it's I mean there's something
like very cruel about it you know but ya
know I like a guy but I'm just oh yeah I
know it's falling off in the last like
couple weeks I think gotten more in
touch I think like wealth and fame is
like Fame more so is terrible for you I
think it's like one of the worst things
that can happen to your brain and I'm
not saying they have it worse than
anyone I'm not saying that ago I'm not
saying like feel bad for these people
but I am saying that it like it alters
people's perception of the world like I
was thinking about that Dave Chappelle
thing about Martin Lawrence right but
and also like I think that money does
have this entrancing power to people
that's very real I feel like people come
into like seven eight figure sums and it
completely rewires their brain because
so much of your most people's lives is
like am I gonna have enough money to do
this am I gonna have money then you get
to the point where it's like I don't
have to think about those things anymore
and that's what they caught that's like
the eighty thousand dollar threshold for
like a single person where you don't
have to worry about the things that you
did and then you go higher and higher on
unless you have like a break where
you're like okay it's like kind of if I
don't have kids venerable wife if my
family doesn't need this it's absurd for
me to keep all this I should give a lot
of this away right you spend more time
rationalizing why you should have it and
it makes you disconnect from people
because for people that are like
extremely into the logical vision of the
world there is nothing logical about
someone having you know 50
million dollars now you're talking about
 communism dude but that's the
thing is like if you listen to him talk
like a few years ago like he's like no
he would he was very reasonable but it's
funny honey making crazies like you
should make money yeah money
makes you crazy because you
either separate yourself like past a
certain point or you spend more and more
and more time rationalizing why you
should have it the only way you can rash
on is why you should have it is both
that everyone and everything in the
world is like
an existential problem and that you are
so much better than everyone
so I read I read it I there was a piece
that came out man it's a while ago now
but it was like the economic part of
like it was uh by the same guy who
actually wrote emotional intelligence
and he was saying it would know he's
like it's actually studied that even on
like a really basic level that all of
these social interactions that humans
need to cultivate in themselves if they
have if they're anywhere on the spectrum
from you know like I mean seriously
economically deprived like I was growing
up or even just like middle class you
have like a situation where oh I
need to stay later at work my neighbor
needs to like you know Mike my kid needs
to go over my neighbor's house and like
play with their kids and whatever so you
need to have like a relationship with
your neighbor not just like out of
surprise literally need to constantly be
relating to other people right because
you live in a socially embedded way and
then when money cancels all of that they
were doing the research and the piece
was like literally like down to the
level of like you don't need to read
other people's facial expressions in the
same yeah you don't need to cue into
like any type of proper protocol for
being human because you can just
bypass all of it so yeah so okay so I
like the way I get paid is sort of like
a freelancer because I'm like a part
owner proprietor right in my own thing
right I make about like pre-tax I pay
quarterly taxes and like usually works
out to about like anywhere from like 20
to 33 percent depending on like what is
deductible and what isn't right make
about like a hundred and ten thousand
dollars a year right which is like you
know I grew up like not really having to
worry about things but I you know I
wasn't just sort of completely
buttressed by my parents into adulthood
right you know more so than other people
for sure but like I feel like never
having to expect never expecting to have
like made that much because I like
sucked at school I just didn't like it I
sucked at like trying to find work
anything that's happened to me now is
like its own
real to me it's hyper real like it makes
no sense that I'd expect to go anywhere
yeah well I hosted my whole life and
then it's like okay enough people like
your post that they're just gonna give
you and your friends like a million
dollars a year and you can pay whoever
to do whatever and it's like okay I
guess but like my experience with like
not expecting to come into that in a
very short time was like holy I can
like buy my way out of so many problems
right
like any inconvenience that forces
people to like depend on each other and
somewhere I just buy my way out of it
right like I got I got like mugged and I
didn't I'd like my keys were in my
wallet and I forgot and instead of like
you know like seeing if anyone I knew
had spares or like I could save someone
I'm like I'll just like go to a hotel
room yep and I think that that there
like became a point where it just like
it made me hyper disconnected after a
while because I'm I'm one of those
people like left to their own devices
they'll just like sit around and only go
to the gym and then play video games
with their friends I like that type of
guy
no matter like no matter what low body
fat percentage I get - or how many times
like that - that person that it like it
made me sort of insane and I I don't
know I like it made me start like
setting aside like a percentage of it I
should like give away every month and
I'm not saying that to be like oh I'm a
great person but it just to say like
just it the more you hoard it and use it
to buy your way out of humanity it will
make you nuts it will make you
 insane and I wish there was
something I wish that I wish like you
know people always talk about oh there
should be like financial education for
like you know kids at school right
because all of like this grinded out
lower middle class temporary class
experience is so typical for people but
I also wish there was something for
people that do come into money to tell
them like you know you think this is
gonna make you a lot happier to hoard
this there
certain point but it just it's gonna
make you crazy it's not good for
you I hear that about athletes a lot too
yeah but it's so amazing to me though
just like the perspective because like
so like I would say like in the last
year of my life is the first time my
life ever where there wasn't just like
and it's not you know like it's not it's
not a high number now but like I'm fine
there's a lot more needs to be done
whatever like things are fine that's the
first time in my life I've ever
experienced that right I grew up my
family get like a victim from apartments
we've like you know lived in apartments
and you know and for a variety you know
combination of reasons combination of my
own like career desires and willingness
to take risks and also the fact that
like I wasn't you know I wasn't really
suited for taking direction a place it's
you know like I went through this
process but like and so I so it's funny
because part of like what animates and
motivates so much of what I do is just
this feeling that like nobody should
have that experience in that field
I mean it's disgusting and
totally unnecessary that any human being
live with that material
psychic emotional whatever and I would
say and I know even on a relative scale
I experienced very less of it compared
to a lot of other people but even just a
taste of like I don't know what's for
dinner is horrible and nobody
should experience it ever and then it's
funny hearing you because it's like
you're so attuned to it honestly just
hearing you that like you're talking
about numbers that like especially in
New York City I mean there's other
people that it like you're like oh man
that's just like scratching the surface
of like their sense of like how to get
by and then I know other and I've other
people who like make millions of dollars
a year and they're reference point is
someone who makes hundreds of millions
of dollars a year and they feel deprived
well honest which honestly my dollar
goes farther just from not drinking
that's where like 30% of people's income
goes in this book is so true that's why
you covet
and we're like would you like a beers
like do you have a livelihood come I
literally just Seltzer when I came here
that's not a fancy dress
[Laughter]
