call from a360 area code who's this
where you come from three six zero hello
hello calling from now hello calling
from a three six zero area code who's
this where you come from no can you hear
me better now I can hear you can you
hear me hello
Thank You Washington State I called you
before I was the one that called it
about walking county jail so I wanted to
thank you for you guessed it had on
today I've pretty much list what he's
been talking to
I had a few points but I wanted to make
well actually um the reason this works
in meeting here you sit on all of us I'm
on the city bus I'm on my way to
isolation officers appointment so
there's that the reason I'm taking the
bus is because senior me yeah I can hear
you okay the reason I'm taking the bus
is I got an electronic so monitor on and
I I can't
they won't let me go anywhere except to
court or to treatment and they won't let
me go to the DMV where if I pay to hurt
anybody like to have my life in fact it
wouldn't take me seven hours to get to
my probation officer although I love
public transit but shut up public
transit but seven hours that's this is
where it starts right everything they do
when you're on probation is to make it
really difficult so I sense I just found
out I spent a month in an inpatient drug
and alcohol treatment facility with
Glenn by Medicaid and so the program
there is for people that are in jail
they can spend their last 30 days in
treatment so systems just a you know
they provide housing assistance with
getting town
and you know obviously all kinds of
counseling so it's a really good window
into sort of what he was talking about
some pre-entry so one i would say 100%
of the women that was there had
childhood trauma that was I didn't in
fact I would argue it you know if I
could make a policy statement or
whatever that anybody who gets released
from jail should automatically get it
PTSD treatment because you don't have
before you go to jail you're certainly
gonna have it out so and just as an
example actually there was a woman on
she diagnosed schizophrenic she had been
she had seven months in a County Jail
not just in the hall but in leg irons
plaguing our Meyers um she was
devastated I mean it took her for the
first two weeks she was there and she
was a people hated there I mean she's
very antisocial but when I finally got a
chance to talk to her and she finally
sort of scream into herself I mean she
said she had no human contact and I mean
I just imagine having a schizophrenic
person in not just in the hole but in
leggings legged off an arm hands
whatever irons the whole time but anyway
that's on this side um so one of the
things the first thing that happens when
you thought of these anticipation
facilities when we're going through in
pain it seems you're eating key carbs
and they make you sign it over to them
I'm sorry your what card so they've got
$200 to say could maybe thank for when
they get out of treatment there's $200 a
month since expenses not a lot of money
no they take it you seize it and they
use it for your food while you're in the
facility Wow it's perfectly legal but
you know they're getting reimbursed by
Medicaid right I mean they're getting a
per diem per patient which has to be for
the cost of food so they don't they're
dirty wait they're double dip and
they're double dipping in other words
they're double yes
so if you don't have these imps when you
get in there if you haven't taken that
stuff yet they force you to apply for
food stamps and use their throw and get
that money from this so you know where
position that people have to start out
come you know they're getting out of
jail they're trying to get into
treatment they're trying to get their
life together their food simply taken
away right they've got significant
chortles speaking of and something I
wanted to also mention I know all over
the place but with the electronic mail
monitoring
it's a great alternative to jail I think
everybody would be for it but I want
people to understand something when
they're advocating for the kind of jail
treated it's not free okay there are
private corporations that contract out
for these electronic Hall monitors I'm
okay I had 90 days on electronic mo
monitor I'm on exercise which is $750 a
month I'm paying $15 a day to not be in
jail so keep them up it's $1,200 so I
don't have permission to from the court
to go and get my driver's license back
well I also know one mission to go to
the church that was going to give me
money to help me with my rent they
wouldn't let me leave my house Kiki that
right you know they were gonna give me
$400 the help of my rent multiplied
power bills I couldn't get there unless
my file a motion in the court so you
know can I can I ask you a question I
mean just look because it's the second
time we called in and I think it helps
with people's understanding of of what
it's like to having gone through a time
in prison and and coming out what can
you I mean do you mind telling us why
you were arrested and incarcerated so
that we can have just like you know
understanding some type of person
charged there's a drug charge and
actually I I had Ronald how much hang
out but I had actually had there were
two charges that I have been dealing
with the
first charge was a DUI which did not
involve alcohol I actually flew it here
at zero but they the cop forced me to
open the bag inside my car which is a
Fourth Amendment violation whatever foot
so they found a drug careful ones so
because of that they convicted me of DUI
and then I had a probation violation so
I had a dirty way so because I had a
dirty UA I had to copy electronics
monitor on for that and because they
sentence me to treatment I went ahead
and went to the inpatient treatment
because I was largely wearing the
electronic monitor and it sounded like a
good idea so so a dirty way is a is a is
a drug is basically you just you failed
the drug test
I said yes I failed the drug test and so
that was an automatic 30 days I because
I failed the drug test I got I had spent
four months in outpatient treatment and
on it was the last week she was there so
because of that that was another 30 days
so so you got you got pulled over on a
suspected driving while intoxicated you
were not intoxicated but they had you
open up her bag and found some drug
paraphernalia in there so that puts you
into a position of Jeopardy where you
were you are on probation and you failed
a drug test okay right well actually the
plot the plot thickens a little bit
because they decided not to charge me in
the county the county court so they
threw it to the City Court where they
did decide to charge me but 10 months
went by so I thought I wasn't going to
be charged I didn't select my bail
I miss my crummy sport game so I was
driving and I got pulled over again and
I found out that they had put a fence
horn out on me and the guidelines for a
bachelor√≠s or okay if you think that you
know the court is five hundred dollars
saying and this judge put a ten by
lawyers
so I got arrested for failure to appear
I didn't have the tender and so when
that happens they also sound dressed
carefully and in that County this is
where I went to jail in that County if
they can plant residue of drugs in the
park Familia see if it keeps the
misdemeanor to Hopkins they find drugs
in it residues they charged with a
felony so that's why I went to jail
about that church
there is no no there was no violent
crimes associate what you did there was
no no no no jeopardizing anybody's life
it was all just second-order drug
violations essentially okay so I I just
want people don't understand that put in
context all right well let me ask you
this let me ask someone just I am me and
said that it's illegal for the these
these facilities to take your your snap
your snap money essentially I apparently
you're in a home it's because I was
living there for thirty days so they
make people change their address and say
that they're living there for thirty
days and then when you leave they make
you change your your address back you
know I did file a grievance about it
they were kind of shocked at the.you
know the oversight people but it isn't a
law like for instance if you're in a
mental facility I mean they usually
long-term right like a home of some sort
then they say that they can do it I mean
if it's illegal I'd love to know but
they did this to everybody and you know
we're talking about a hundred and one
hundred and forty best facility you know
two hundred dollars per person you know
per month you know that's a lot but yeah
maybe it's illegal I don't know I didn't
want to shout out by the way DeBlasio
today announced that they're going to
make some phone calls from jails in New
York nursery that's a huge length
huge huge
people often we're paying like five
dollars a minute phone calls so this is
no small thing every city needs to do
this every state and also Washington
State class-action status was just
saying it to residents of an immigrant
detention facility force basically slave
labor for wage theft so that's been a
first year I wanted to bring that up and
I don't know how much more time but I
didn't want it's just one more thing
about the whole system because of the
drugs the drug charges is what I'm
calling and what I've started to call
the recovery industrial complex there is
so much money every day in every state
there are judges sentencing sentencing
people to treatment and some people
needed some people don't but sometimes
people that like if you're on Medicaid
and you don't want a 12-step program
you're so well there's nothing you can
do even though the Supreme Court in our
state said that's a religious
organization you absolutely do not have
to take small steps but there isn't
anything else and you know when you if
you back up into the thing about trauma
and you know you look at the people that
are generally dealing with addiction
unique oftentimes on the start an
authoritarian system which is kind of a
clause that says that doesn't empower
people at all isn't really the best
match you know there are other systems
chil stuff is not the only way I mean I
have found other ones there is another
one out there but you can't get funding
for it you you're sentenced to it you
have to come you know you have to sign a
paper showing that you've got a meeting
which are full of sexual predators and
you know full of you know if you do it
our way
or you know it's very authoritarian it's
top-down you can't listen to your
sponsor you have to do everything they
tell you to do or else you're you know
they're blaming the victim I mean I know
a lot of people like 12-step I don't
want to go too deep into this but it's
not for everybody
and you know so we have all these people
all around the country every day that
have a religious exemption to 12-step
and it doesn't matter there's they're
not given any other options so I wanted
to you know and the money the money from
you know from the people who do the
UAE's do the people who work in the tree
right let everybody somewhere he's
making a buck in there everybody get the
cut right and and it's a one size fits
all you know it doesn't matter let me
ask you do you have it in there and I
want to hear more and and and but we are
you know a little bit pressed for time
but I now do you consider I mean you
know and you don't have to answer this
but I mean do you consider yourself an
addict
or is this a situation where I don't I
don't I mean I definitely use drugs
recreationally I've never been a all you
know and every day yes sir I actually I
work in the sex industry I should sex
worker and for me I generally use drugs
so that I could basically work longer so
but then when I wasn't working I wasn't
users so I don't know that's another I
don't know where you want to go I mean I
guess I have sex addiction but not a
drug addiction well it doesn't matter
because first interview if drugs when
you were 12 you have to go to treatment
if you smoked up what you have to go to
people right I just wanted I just want
people to be able to understand that you
know the most people I would imagine in
this audience can be similarly situated
in this situation and the the the
difference is really just serve how much
cash you have and and that's you know I
could have got a lawyer who would have
thrown out you know throw in a motion to
dismiss on the first case and you know
because of the illegal search but I
didn't I didn't have I mean everybody I
met in jail had a comment under I mean
others are great but then all the great
tracker undone wellness but it is
another thing it's drug court what
porches the answer either please people
if you mess up if you have five
someone's report and I've had a dirty
you made every single thing I said I had
that you were charged with you would
automatically be guilty of you'd be
forfeit your right to a trial you
forfeit your right to
question the police report you me Dakota
Jetport and you mess up you are your
song we're gone alright well listen I
appreciate I appreciate the call and you
know good luck I appreciate again it's
it's shameful the way that our
government treats drug addicts and just
drug users in general the policy is not
it's utterly counterproductive
it sounds like there's like sort of a
series of cascading different laws
depending on the county and the
municipality and also the corporate home
detention infrastructure seems very
worrying going forward like that could
seem like a wade like that's what and
it'd be a big shame if criminal justice
reform ends up being like you can stay
at home with just this right ankle
monitor made to you by the ankle monitor
and work at this Amazon Fulfillment
Center yeah yeah it's not enough that
this system terrorizes surplus
populations and put those puts them in
prison it has to double dip and make
money off that too
