let's go to the phones calling from a
nine to five area code who's this we
come from Hayden's Armand Cong from DC
yeah Mon thank you've gone
hey so I just had a quick point making
and ask you a question based off that
point and it's a free both UN Michael I
guess so Michael's like human sorry and
just okay well then I guess you'll do
have to you don't have to do it so uh I
noticed in the last election and
generally the right there's new media
and their traditional media have this
thing where like they just have like
every kind of character you can imagine
with every kind of like stick like one's
a super llama phob ones not so much of
an Islamophobe but a super homophobe
once not too much of a homophobe he says
he's gay himself but then we'll invite
on neo-nazis who are homophobes off
their show but just on their show they
won't be so crazy about homophobe but
they'll have like everything you can
imagine right right and they may
disagree over the minutiae and then
they're in the specific points but
they'll all have a consensus when it
counts right so like all these different
types we'll all come to the conclusions
another you should vote Trump is on our
side a bigger we agree on all the issues
sorry it's a bit of a big tent yeah and
on our side we agree on every little
issue but somehow can't seem to agree
when it does count right like we agree
it about civic rights Human Rights
wealth redistribution we agree on all
these points but then when it comes time
to go to the booth you have one camp
saying don't vote another camp saying
vote for Jill Stein another like you
know we didn't end up all over the place
so I was wondering like what do you
think can be done for us to both hold
people to account on our side because
you know we have people on our side who
are saying preposterous things that if
you just put it up to any amount of
logic or reason it just falls apart like
the idea that voting for Jill Stein in
the presidential election is a good idea
luckily that didn't turn out to hurt us
too much didn't do anything but it could
be problematic and damaging in the
future and it's like this kind of like
this ticking time bomb in the
of like these crazies who you know don't
apply logic to their reasoning or their
analysis or there really isn't any
analysis and they're just kind of
talking so how do you think as far as
like someone who's in new media we could
create more consensus building structure
on our side and you know do that maybe
through holding people to account over
some of their more wacky ideas well I
mean first off I I mean I think your
assessment is is fairly accurate I mean
I you know I I don't know it's that the
broadly speaking from the center you
know through the left is as fractured on
that voting as you contend but I think
to asserting it what I like I said it
wasn't that big of a deal Nam Singh
right future maybe right right well I
mean I think it's been more of a problem
you know arguably in the past but you
know and I don't know that Nader you
could really say Nader was the the the
the biggest problem in 2000 the biggest
problem was Democrats still didn't push
back and create some voting rights
because you had a lot of people who had
disenfranchised in in Florida thousands
and thousands who would have made the
difference in 2000 but I think broadly
speaking they say and and I'm gonna
substitute to just left and right for
Democrats and Republicans so just
forgive me for the for it being not
specific enough but broadly speaking the
right falls in line and the left wants
to fall in love right you have a lot of
people who are just like the the in this
election you had all of not all of but
the vast majority of you know what used
to be known as the moral majority in
this country the basically the
fundamental is right we're like okay
Donald Trump is despicable but we're
gonna get a neil Gorsuch and we're going
to get changes to the judiciary which
are hugely important to to us and they
were willing to sort of look at this as
a as a transaction
whereas I think there were people on the
Left who are like Hillary Clinton is
blank you know and that is just a bridge
too far
she gave speeches to you know Goldman
Sachs or whatever I mean I had a lot of
problems with with Hillary Clinton and I
would have much preferred Bernie Sanders
to have won the primary but at that
point it's like mmm I don't want Neil
Gorsuch I mean we're going we're going
to lose and I think next week we're
going to talk to Jane maca maca levy
again we're going to lose I don't say
we're gonna lose totally but public
sector unions are going to be decimated
and they're going to be decimated for
one reason and that is because Donald
Trump was elected and that was
completely predictable and I think on
some level there's a problem with sort
of maybe prioritizing what's what's
genuinely important what is structurally
important I mean can I jump in here and
add something I think that's probably
not the only reason unions have been on
the decline for years and years and the
way we get them back is not purely
through electoral ism you know these
days I'm talking public sector unions or
social forces at play
I don't think public sector unions
density has dramatically changed for
years and years and it's about - it is
the last bastion of unionism in this
country now I agree with you on the
private sector and that is largely I
mean I think statutory problems -
because unions are inhibited from having
the power and that management has had
but from a union sector standpoint we're
going to see overnight a crippling
effect on public sector unions because
of the Janis case I mean I would like to
zoom out a little bit - I don't
necessarily disagree with anything the
caller is saying I do vote I think it's
a good idea to vote tactically as a
member of the far left who often there's
really nobody representing my
political orientation but I think it's
dangerous to focus too much on electoral
ism and I think we can do many things at
once and as a member of the far left I
think it's way more important to build
class power in lots of different ways
that take a very long time they take
longer than an election by far you know
some of these things take decades and
decades but when you see the underlying
social forces change you know when you
have grassroots movements in favor of
unions you know public and private
sector when you have police resistance
when you have movements like black lives
matter just all different kinds of
movements working together that's when
you will see the electoral victories I
would agree with that but I would also
say that like when you when when it
comes to just pulling that lever the
amount of setback you can have on those
agendas I mean just all the ones that
you just mentioned are actually limit
few that the Trump administration has
the ability like for instance after four
more years let's just assume it's only
four years of a Justice Department that
says to police departments around the
country we're no longer going to police
you the gloves are off what is that
going to do to the police culture that
that continues to to literally threaten
black people on a daily basis it's a big
step a setback I mean IIIi don't think
the caller is suggesting that were the
only thing we should focus on is is
Elections me I mean unless unless you
are which I would agree is not no my put
my point is more messaging and a broader
look a like so if you say from the
center all the way to the list yes
obviously the Jimmy doors and the Jill
signs of the world are much more
marginal and they don't seem as
necessary to talk about but I'm talking
about as a far leftist if you look back
at history in every almost every
instance in which fascism has succeeded
in countries often times just before
that Social Democrats and further elect
people Marxist disagreed couldn't come
to conclusion together their alliance
collapse and then fascism really took
off
at that point without something real
there to stand in the way the Liberals
and centrist are not going to stand in
the way and throughout history when
fascism has come over Liberals have go
along but they suddenly get very quiet
about other place so relying on liberals
to be in a coalition with us I think is
it bad tragic obviously we have to work
with these people we have to win them
over or just go along with us but I
think within our tenth of the far line
we have to clean house I mean within our
tent having Jimmy doors like this and
when you take how big we are actually
you know we're not that big in the
country the far left so when we have
groups like this they are really toxic
and they do really divide and create
problems and right now it doesn't seem
like that big of a deal because a we're
so far away from power none of the
levers to do anything you're not you're
not seeing these people hold us back but
if we ever get into a situation we
actually do mount electoral victories or
get ourselves in the position reaction
it exerts some power I mean it's going
to be huge problem in the future when
you have people like this sitting there
like constantly attacking over nothing I
think the the point is and then I mean
Jamie said it without you know sort of
dwelling on it maybe as nothing should
be which like you should believe in
tactics like people should believe in
tactics instead of performative being
performative and the the irony is is
that so many not so many but a certain
percentage of those people who belong
the idea of liberals getting caught up
in identity politics are practicing only
identity politics like on even a more
narrow perspective which is like watch
me perform look at what I look at look
at what I've created my vote is is my
expression of myself and my politics you
know my pure ideology my vote is my is a
sacrosanct expression of what is in my
heart that's that I don't even know I
don't think that's an ideological that's
just juvenile I mean your vote is a tool
like a hammer and you can either use it
to bang yourself in the face or you can
use it to build something and the the
reason why we and and I I mean I'm
you on this that it's very problematic
on the left and that's why I think you
know that's why I got so involved and
you know passionate about that Jimmy
Dore thing it's just simply because like
this is where you know it's an inter
intra you know ideological battle that
is about you know are we going to
actually use tactics I don't know what
the answer is I mean I really don't
except for it is sort of me I mean I
mean that's why I like these stories
that I read off today like there are
implications to who you vote for
and that will set us back in trying to
move forward on all those issue sets
that Jamie was talking about this would
mean imagine the battle the the terrain
would be fighting on now if it was
Hillary Clinton and the others we would
be just pushing it from we wouldn't be
giving back any progress I mean that's
that's the problem yeah I mean that's
that's that's that's the main like the
question I was getting to is like it was
like you know obviously I follow you I
listen to you for like the last two
years I'm a patron etc and I thought
that whole jimmy dore argument thing and
it was like like I'm very glad that you
had challenged him and argued with them
but ultimately it doesn't affect his
audience and it doesn't force him in a
position because he just avoids you it
doesn't have you on his show even though
you had him on your show you're like
those all that stuff but there's no kind
of there's no kind of a situation with
those guys really forced to sit there in
front of people and argue this position
right whereas like the right has some
semblance of that where they have feel
like every once in a while meetings when
they all get together and debate and
basically like jerk each other off and
just go along with each other saying for
the time thing but I'm saying I think
there would be some value on the left to
create some kind of medium through which
people can be held accountable against
each other and it doesn't necessarily
need be a hostile or aggressive like we
don't have to dismiss Jill Stein people
and say you're just an idiot which I
think happens a lot I think these people
actually do believe in their convictions
some are just tribalistic and stupid but
there does need you like sit down and
explain like the actual game theory like
this is not that complicated there is
actually you could I mean there's a
there's a right or wrong answer here
there's an outcome we're looking for and
there's a faster and more difficult way
to get to the outcome yes
I don't know I feel like that doesn't
happen I don't know what the I don't
know what that outlet where they would
come and have that conversation I mean
you know that all of that stuff well
Jimmy Dore was was predicated and
started because I invited him on the
show to have that conversation and he
just sort of there's no way to make him
do it no I agree with you if we're
taking the left to mean Social Democrats
and everyone to the left of them
historically they have the far left has
not always been great at collaborating
with Social Democrats I think that's a
mistake one of the reasons I joined the
DSA is because it seemed like a great
umbrella organization to bring together
Social Democrats Bernie Kratz
and people further to the left like
myself and the more unity that we see I
mean the left is still very weak in this
country so the more unity we see we have
a look the better it'll be and we have a
lot of purposes in common whether you
believe in social democracy as sort of
the best of all possible worlds a
compromise with capitalism or whether
you believe in it as a step on the way
to something better left has a small
button I really see yeah I think my
difference like I'm further left but
more in like once we get into power what
do we do next
my thing is like people need to go to
jail there needs to be arrest some
people need to rot in prison some people
need to hang like that's why I feel like
we distribute well that's maybe so much
time on the phone initiate the call hi
folks Sam cedar here we still need your
help on our patreon page YouTube ABS
have come back but not nearly as much as
we had before
so if you can help us out any little bit
helps head over to our patreon page
right at this URL and you'll help us
keep helping you by making videos
