have you seen sorry to bother you yet
yes I did see how sorry to buy sodas are
we warranted and how much we fight it I
think it's a very good film you know I
enjoyed it I laughed several times very
hard especially in the rap scene and the
party that was like one of the biggest
laps of the year for me yep those when
he finally realizes what the crowd wants
and gives it to him yep that was good
but you know I saw it as taking big
swings which I really appreciate so it
gets a nod for that it's uh you know it
reminded me of some other movies like I
love Brazil it kind of reminds me of
that you know yeah that's that's true
yeah
Zil is one of my favorite movies it's an
Raziel is actually my recommendation
when people talk about like what's the
authoritarian movie for them right and I
am always going with Brazil because the
grotesqueness matches the Trump yeah and
it's funny so you're laughing from fear
and terror right I don't have a gateway
film to like alternative films like it's
not that weird but it's weird enough
that's how I experienced it when I
watched when I was 17 I said who's a
good way yeah I'm an experiment with
other artists still no I'm going to
smoke a banana peel fast if Monty Python
is a gateway film and right video kind
of experience but yeah it you know I
really appreciated it at do I feel like
it's one of my favorite films of all
time no but not oh I can do liberal yeah
cuz you're like our colleges why are the
job creators always the bad guys I can't
racist racist film against job creators
and horse you know so I don't can
I say that but it was I don't believe in
spoiler I'm so tired really the
absurdist turn that it took because it
really does make you know I like movies
that take use its structure and style to
make the point more than like here is
the moral of the film you're as you're
experiencing it your internal processes
help you to understand what the
filmmaker is going for and it definitely
had that effect on me so I give it you
know B+ black Klansmen have you seen
that yeah
I'm not down with Spike Lee what's the
beef act by Cleese too self-indulgent
self and I don't mind self-indulgence at
all I was gonna say well I was trying to
lay a trap for you yeah I'm glad that
that's yeah pretty Ewing yeah story
recently where he accepted some kind of
consulting gig with the cops see if I
could pull up the old well and I and I
also read that um that Leone about that
black Klansmen being from boots Riley
like I know he's pretty interesting he
stepped off it I I saw a black Landsman
and I have a more sympathetic
interpretation of it but I think what
occurred to me actually in the bigger
question that I have for you is I saw a
black Klansmen and before black Klansmen
there's an ad for the next Michael Moore
movie yeah and what hit me while I was
watching it and I have plenty of like I
think there's plenty of political
problems with Spike Lee I think Michael
Moore like Michael Moore has problems
and mhm and whatever you think I was
like nobody's perfect well no kidding
but whatever you think of of Bhoots
Riley and sorry to bother you it was
like I was just a career I was like when
we were watching watching the ads and
then seeing black Klansmen I was like
there was a time not too long ago where
whatever you thought of Spike Lee or
Michael Moore it was like that's it like
there's one guy who makes documentaries
that talks about corporations abusing
America and can why capitalism is bad
for people and you know Republicans
being and then there's another
guy who will give you you know accurate
treatments of aspects of white supremacy
and police violence and that's it and
now it does seem like maybe things are
opening up a little bit we're like you
don't have to just roll like you just
rely on these two very flawed filmmakers
yeah because that's literally like the
only game in town
I just always found Spike Lee and I
could put Michael Moore into this thing
- although I'm somewhat more sympathetic
to him because he's a little more funny
no cuz he's white
but well I just think that Michael Moore
where's his polemics a little bit less
pretentious Lee like he's just like you
know I'm this working-class kind of
muckraker
well it's geography
the trunk Michigan versa yeah yeah I
just always found Spike Lee to be like
there was this filmmaker in the 50s
Stanley Kramer and he would make like
these issue films and they were just
sort of like I totally always agreed
with the message and with the with the
kind of content and what it was saying
but just like you know I'm the film guy
I'm looking for something that elevates
the form a little bit over tabloid even
if I agree with the theme or or agree
with the insight they're just not my
they don't really inspire me ah I will
say do the right thing is definitely on
my top favorite films of all to give you
because I had a lot of films that I
think he made that are actually legit
good movies which I was in a run by you
but Jamie is he working for the cops uh
yeah you want you want to see the
article
well you just read off the top line I'm
working for the Knicks I'm not super
into this like line of critique but you
you put it out so yeah it's a legitimate
critique
well why what's he doing for them latest
spike Lee joint paid NYPD consultant the
movie director an outspoken critic of
the department allowed his firm to
contribute to a police ad campaign I
mean if they're listening to him about
the problems they have in their tuple
yeah I mean if they're hiring him to
talk about those issues that's great
like how about not beating and killing
so many bucks oh wait but are you saying
his firm got hired to do ads for the
NYPD is that what the story is I believe
so well look his but trust with minority
communities well Spike Lee has done ads
for the Navy for Nike and for uber so
you know the guy does not have oh he's a
corporate that's not a political
you don't have to be a radical
anti-capitalist to have a critique of
the police no they function in society
well he does but actually actually you
know what though I don't I think if you
watched the movie I don't think he's
contradicting himself at all cuz I don't
think the movie is in any way anti
police per se its anti police by
Horatius I say it was Pro heroic police
I mean I think that that's a little bit
unfair as well to be honest because he
definitely does point to systemic
problems in the police department right
but
he certainly holds the perspective as
most you know moderate liberal baby
boomers right which is what likely is
yeah that police and not and he's
obviously he's much smarter than just a
few bad apples but no he thinks that of
course policing has an important
function and people can do important
things in that job which is literally
what the movies about so I just kind of
find like I'm open to the critique but
I'm very concerned I'm not into moralism
to begin with and then honestly it
didn't trade right well but either way
going at him either but if his ad
campaign is like about improving police
and community relations that is in some
ways part of what black Klansmen the
movie is about yeah so I don't think
that's really much to get him on I
haven't seen black Klansmen I was
telling somebody about the boots Riley
critique which I think got way overblown
in the press right who's Riley wasn't
going Adam like yeah just wants to play
two black people off each other right
exactly right and I think boots is
critique is the one you need to like go
into that movie with because it is it is
odd timing for like and the problem is
is I think I haven't seen the movie but
I've heard it like you it's not as sort
of glorifying the cops but the problem
like the person I was talking to she's
like yeah it starts off with cops going
and to see if Black Panthers we're gonna
get violent and it's like Stokely
Carmichael and Yahoo and tell bro but
it's Cohen's help Rose right in the
beginning but the way but she wasn't
familiar with that history and the way
she presented it to me was like they
were making sure they weren't going to
get violent and that's not what Cohen
tell pro no they were going to make them
violent so there was a crackdown exactly
I had like say I think specifically
though I mean this feels weird not to
insult her but that's her for that point
specifically she was not getting the
point right like that the DEM going and
monitoring Stokely Carmichael even in
the context of that film is highly
critical of the police department and he
and the guy who's doing it knows he's
wrong hmm so that's not I don't think
that's the only one who's seen the film
we gotta give no no I'm just saying even
Spike Lee like Spike Lee's not goodness
Spike Lee does whatever we say about how
the limits of his politics he's not
broke Owens he's not pro monitoring
Stokely nobody mind even the suggestion
that that was just to make sure they
weren't getting violent right just that
specifically yeah but you know you
that's actually yeah but if you watch
the movie I mean it's not I wouldn't
interpret
that's actually getting it why I think
Spike Lee is kind of you know in the in
the C class of filmmaker cuz he gives
you the class he gives you the
impression that you're getting an
insight into something important but
he's really giving it to you in such a
sort of broad outline that it actually
does disservice to actually
understanding and if it makes you look
deeper into it that's great but I have a
feeling most like white liberals look at
it and go like it now I know what it's
like to be a black person it's all over
you know well they not movie that movie
definitely had a lot of like you know
the real type of basic garbage racist
that nobody wants to be associated with
but didn't you like my white voice I
just did here was 1998 def Comedy Jam
all that go ahead well it comes down to
the difference between leftists and
liberals I think and spikes we can you
know he can water like liberals want to
perform the police they think that the
police can be reformed so maybe he's not
a hypocrite in that regard right and
left just view the police themselves
their very existence as part of the
foundational violence of capitalism and
an essential part to you know protecting
private property and policing surplus
population leaving them oppressed a bit
of a different take yeah so like we can
critique the liberal take just like we
always do yeah and that's all Paige was
doing I think I think yeah ya know and
the last thing I'd say is I think the
problem in that movie is that is that
and it does show the very much the
limits of his politics because he
basically gives you like there's a
certain there's a black nationalist
campus perspective which he presents
extremely sympathetically in fact
there's also problems with house Spike
Lee rights women generally like he's
weren't any human or any right but I
would say particularly women and their
and this woman like she's great right in
the in the sense that like there's
literally there's very little for her to
do as an actress because she's just
supposed to be like a cipher she's just
smart noble right you know and she's all
those hearing injury yeah and actually
what he deals right but so but the point
is is that the movie actually is
sophisticated enough to be like okay so
there's this kind of one line which is
morally correct and exciting and has
a huge amount of essential political and
intellectual insight and I would say
there's a scene with Harry Belafonte on
the history of lynchings which should
just be like mandatory viewing for every
white person it shouldn't be a period
and the way he juxtaposes that with
Birth of a Nation is actually very
effective filmmaking but you have that
and that approach for all of its
positives is not a path to power and
it's an essentialist view when someone
like Adolph read would critique and then
on the other hand you have a guy and it
is awesome like it's a true story he
literally fooled David Duke and made an
ass of him on the phone that's an
awesome story it's a huge amount of
pleasure he's like a black jerky boy for
real he was like hi I want to join the
KKK god damn it and I want my laminated
cod but you know on the other but but
what you do when you set up that that
juxtaposition and I don't think it's
just like Prokop that's super simplistic
way of looking at the movie but it's
like the only thing that can happen that
has much sort of the the people that are
quote-unquote getting stuff done in a
certain way is through being a cop and I
do think that's a problematic message
and it shows that there isn't there
isn't another Lane right like that's and
that does show the limits I think of his
politics but there's a lot of parts of
the movie that are very effective and
people should see and you know there's
always this is the always the meta
critique I have is you always have to
remember at the end of the day that film
is a commercial medium so there have to
be some sort of corners cut to make it
compelling to make it dramatic to make
you want to sit forward and watch it and
see how it's gonna end so it's always
going to prioritize those kind of
visceral pleasures to some sort of
nuanced political critique if it's going
to be a commercial film like nobody's
Riley does put other things on the table
and whatever else do you think about
that movie that is a very effective job
at putting some very sophisticated
policies oh yeah popcorn that's a huge
accomplishment that was great that's
always gonna say is it seems like that
sorry to bother you was so exhilarating
to see because it seemed like they were
going through all those same parameters
and like yeah still making a really
entertaining move
right yeah they say one thing I'll do
you to bother you i I've been holding
this back because I feel like it's gonna
make Michael angry but I don't do it
there I like the movie alright I liked
it a lot but wait wait you are a
douchebag no I just want breaking this
look I don't care as long as it doesn't
involve Lula don't worry about making
Michael mad I mean and boots has
responded to these criticisms and takes
them seriously
yeah like the only real speaking female
character kind of veers off into Manic
Pixie dream girl territory a bit and the
workers the working class is very like
masculine masculine in its
representation and women aren't really
represented in that strata right like
this this woman character is a is a
bourgeois artist but like she's kind of
ridiculous yeah and she's just like this
sexy sex goddess but she is also the
moral compass of the film
she's a host right she's a robot I don't
actually oh yeah yeah yeah she's done
another show where she's I don't I don't
actually okay let me say I'm in its
critique no so I don't I don't
well his response was that there were
only there's a smaller budget film they
only had the ability to have a few
different main characters and he goes
through why none of the other ones could
have been female I thought his response
was I hit that I was gay no I think he
does she does have something to her
character slightly beyond who she's
gonna sleep with her not although that
is a main part of her funk I thought her
character was more actually complicated
because I don't always view her as just
the conscience to be honest like I
actually thought she was a I thought she
was a really complicated carry yeah they
were I think it funded her to with Mike
with her yeah yeah she had her own
little subplot was like selling out and
she had her own white voice or whatever
and I would certainly like to see that
developed more and I understand that you
could only put so much in one movie but
it did seem like a bit of a note I think
I picked the wrong girl thing I think
the pits of Pixie dream girl thing fits
a little bit yeah I think that's fair
and I don't I mean I
I wanted it any more pixie dream girl of
course you do yeah I could see yeah I
mean I don't and then I guess the other
the sort of gendered working-class roles
I guess that just for better for us it
just doesn't yeah that just won't even
occur to me one way or another to be
honest yeah but I think the critique of
I think the critique I think what you're
saying is valid but what's funny to me
is I've had this conversation like brie
and I debated this like I didn't view
her as like that pixie or that manic or
that I may be a little pixie maybe a
little manic but not the conscience I
thought she orderly I thought she was
very flawed in her own way in action and
and this is a positive I thought that
made her role much more interesting and
much more human I didn't see her as just
like alright like you're the noble
girlfriend and you get it like I think
that's the role in the spike movie and
she's definitely not pixie manic dream
girl at all but she is just like a
honeypot for his know she's got a
honeypot know just great she's just just
like a great person okay and it's like
cool I mean that doesn't give you that
doesn't give one much to watch other
than appreciating that she's cool and
I'm even imagine as an actress like who
is the actress
I don't name weight in sorry about that
I'm switching the oh I think I'm sorry
to bother you yet no I think Thompson
does a lot mm does a lot with that role
she's good she's got a little more but I
would like to I mean this is why we need
uh you know more women filmmakers as
well like I would love to see a movie
from her perspective definitely that
would be a super interesting I don't
suppose anyone went and saw Wanda that I
recommended last time no no it's hard to
find your films sometimes it was playing
at metro graph so all you New Yorkers
could have seen it and it was on Turner
Classic Movies I tweeted about it that's
okay it isn't you know I think I know
that you want me to go see something I
got a meter you literally have to take
me yeah and I will happily go on more
dates with you okay that's great I took
me six months to get to see Black
Panther and that was fun that was fun
yeah yeah I should probably spend that
capital on something a little more
substantial though but we have a good
time you know that goes substantial well
I think our riffing on it was actually
yeah more fun than the film itself
I enjoyed it though no I enjoyed have
you heard do you like kofi annan yes
that's great okay
want to hear more from cope I can't do
the accent but that's a great one
yeah that's a fun he was he was I think
he was still at the UN when I worked at
UNICEF so I got to kind of be in his
orbit a little bit I never did you meet
him no I didn't mean I jot him from afar
with video yeah that sound right yeah
from outside the UN jealousy no I wish
they wouldn't they wouldn't take me
really like you like
