joining us now I hope he's there we've
had a touch of a technical hiccup is
Benjamin Dickson host of the Benjamin
Dixon show Ben are you there I'm here
Mike how's it going good man sorry about
that thanks for being here
oh no worries thanks for having me
pleasure as always
um let's start with we played this clip
upfront this is a funny mashup of Rudy
Giuliani in March saying you know
Michael Cohen's totally stand-up guy
he's not gonna bail on us he's and now
uh you know a couple of months later
he's always been a liar he's always been
a shyster bla bla bla right uh I mean
okay this you know there's tapes now
pertaining to these payoffs Michael
avenatti says he's a couple of other
woman they're the same scenario played
out and now we have this accusation
about the Russian meeting I I mean
that's just sort of setting the table
what's your read on this kind of
speaking what do you think it's relevant
ah you know I think it's of course it's
relevant right but how much impact will
actually have on the president we
already know he's he's a liar so I don't
think it's really gonna touch him as
much as his son potentially because of
his Trump juniors testimony before
Congress
possibility of some perjury there so I
think that's the highest stake component
of this is is what did his son actually
testify and can can this testimony from
a Cohen have any impact in terms of
perjury that kind of thing but still
again it doesn't do anything but reveal
what we knew about Donald Trump and
there's still a layer of insulation I
don't know how much of this is actually
going to reach them yeah I mean that's
it to me seems I mean also there's the
other element that I said in the
beginning as well which is like I
actually think frankly I mean I find
this sort of Trump behavior actually to
be I mean it's gross just because it
involves Donald Trump and sex it's
probably the least I mean I mean this
guy I mean racial discrimination Russian
and you know five families mafia
connections exceedingly credible
allegations of rape of political
career built on lies Oleg Archy and
bigotry I mean in some ways it's like
sure and I mean of course this would be
the you know okay
what could we know about this guy right
yeah yeah that's the big thing might
like there's there's there's really
nothing about Donald Trump's character
that it's going to be surprising to us
and and that's a critical component in
terms of getting things done politically
like you know right now the new status
quo even though people always try to say
this is not the new normal don't let
this be the new normal well this is the
new normal right here is used to having
a president who is corrupt who was a
liar who's a alleged by sexual assault
sexual abuser rather and nothing really
is shaking up this collective
consciousness enough to actually move
people into action on the side of the
aisle that action has to come from at
least until November well that's the
quick that there is a I mean look yes
until November and I think there's a
great two-step process happening right
now there's people like you know
obviously Andrea
Acacio Cortez Kanye King
uatu did in Massachusetts I had heard
the mix there's a lot of great people
running a really good democratic
socialist and progressive insurgencies
and I think that process inside the
Democratic Party is I've actually said
for a long time it's happening it's in
progress and we're getting some great
results and also we're gonna lose some
battles as well but it's happening and
then and then on top of that I mean I
guess this kind of basic stance has been
mine for a long time and I would say you
know doubly so in this cycle first you
know the first part is wages
insurgencies and the second part is you
need to give democrats controlled at
least one body of government it's yes
it's just non-negotiable it's
essentially everybody needs to and you
can pick your degrees of engagement
right like yeah but not everybody needs
to volunteer and work for campaigns and
all that but everybody needs to register
and vote and get democrats in the senate
and house into office in november it's
simply imperative but besides that I
mean it doesn't to me it's like to the
extent these things could have any
benefit it's on creating
heat for procedural questions a rant for
you know far-right Democrats and for
what I call the sanctimony caucus in the
Senate for things like Brett Kavanaugh
like okay you're not worried about this
guy you know handing America to
corporations getting rid of woman's
rights to choose but how can you go out
and make this big show about being
concerned about how uncouth Trump is on
when you enable this every day and so I
just think this type of thing is just
purely based on that margin if that
makes sense yeah I mean I'm piecing that
together so you're basically saying I'm
saying if you complicit if you use a
story like this to tell people like Joe
Manchin on one hand and say Susan
Collins or I mean particularly actually
like oh that flake on the other whatever
else like this isn't about ideology of
course this isn't about having any
concerns about the actual what what this
will do to millions of Americans but it
does have to do with you can't on one
hand particularly and that's why I call
you know the Republicans sanctimony
caucus John McCain Jeff Flake Susan
Collins could today say we are exactly
where we've been politically all along
but we are so concerned about the
questions of corruption and collusion
and just sort of daily you know on
Americanist whatever language they want
to use of this administration that we're
going to become independents and caucus
with Democrats and slow up the process
because we care about a bigger principle
here now yeah I think they'll ever do
that but I'm saying that's a way for us
to put this stuff on the table because
either to expose their hypocrisy or to
put pressure on them to actually do
something instead of just tweets and
boring speeches yeah no okay I get it so
uh I I agree they are embolden this they
are empowering this they are the
linchpins right none of this actually
goes forward in terms of Donald Trump's
agenda without those core votes that
quite frankly none of his agenda could
get across without some of those votes
and particularly with this justice
nomination so I think it's Kurt I think
that's a critical approach that not many
people have been pushing what you just
said like actually calling them to
become independent and caucus with the
Democrats are
just become independent and oppose
Donald Trump on some critical issues but
you know ultimately if you look at the
approval ratings of Donald Trump in the
Republican circles I mean they do that
at their peril because Republicans
support the madness that's happening
right now in our country and that leads
me I mean and does that in any way
surprise you in any way shape or form no
not at all that's why I didn't even have
a follow-up statement to it because that
makes a total sense
that's where they've been I mean this is
an inevitable outgrowth of how hyper
partisan particularly Republicans have
been you know people try to draw that
false equivalence between Democrats and
Republicans all getting hyper becoming
more hyper partisan but the fact of the
matter is that what we're doing what
we're fighting is an asymmetrical fight
there's we haven't faced a partisan
contingency like the Republican Party I
mean they've gone so far down the deep
end that that that it totally makes
sense that they would support someone
who is Donald Trump yeah and and and
that we can also look and find any
number of precursors for this right I
mean with one hand we can go all the way
back I did a show on last week on Jesse
Helms and the invention of the modern
Republican Party we could look at Joe
Arpaio's uh you know terrorism in
Arizona we could look at Rudy Giuliani's
regime in in New York City this week not
to mention Gingrich not to mention
frankly Ryan and Romney even if they try
to put a friendlier face on it
this is republicanism this absolutely is
I mean it go back to 2000 with the
Supreme Court decision this is this one
off this this one off decision that
they've never done before but now
they've given us down a George W Bush
for president and and you know this
these this is the type of hardball
politics that Republicans have been
playing for a very long time the most
inept part of this entire conversation
the most disgusting part of this
conversation is the fact that some
Democrats still don't get it Chuck
Schumer still doesn't get it they've
been playing hardball with this guy for
for almost 40 years and he still thinks
that there's a possibility of some type
of bipartisanship solution yeah I just
wanna I want to get to that in a second
but just to really underline for people
who don't remember or don't know the
Supreme Court in 2000 stopped a recount
to fully Itali the votes in Florida
which by the way subsequent reporting
showed would have showed that Al Gore
won a majority of and the reasoning they
used and I kid you not was that this
process violated george w bush's civil
rights so they literally evoke the 14th
amendment and civil rights procedures
which they were gutting even then and of
course that only accelerated years later
with roberts across the board for like
actual people they evoked it
specifically in the person of george w
bush and then also explicitly wrote in
the decision that this type of reasoning
should not be applied to other
situations they later and this is not
like that's what they did not there's no
political exaggeration there yes you're
not there's no hyperbole and anything
that you just say that's what they did
and you know that if anything should
have been you know as you say I agree
with you completely I mean that that
should have been the moment of and this
is this is what gets to really gets me
about Schumer is contrast him with Harry
Reid how are we do you know conservative
Democrat we have very different policies
on any number of things but the guy
first of all understood what Republicans
were he's said in interviews like he you
know he's he's like I begged President
Obama in the beginning to listen to me
about who he was dealing with and he
understood it was a knife fight yeah the
thing that's amazing about Chuck Schumer
is when you have an ideology problem and
a whisper Guri problem go ahead expand
on that more it's like the world it's
like you know you there I mean and this
is I mean not very sick of real
litigating 2016 but right that was part
of the big problem with Hillary was like
okay even if you don't like my politics
I really know how to win and I know how
to fight dirty no you don't you know
yeah there might have been a contingent
of politicians at some point and Obama
was probably the last of them frankly
who had a ideological profile that did
not fit the needs of the moment by any
stretch of the imagination but they
actually knew how to play some hardball
and win some fights now and again
yawn and now you have a leadership which
is both totally out of date
ideologically and doesn't even
understand as a Harry Reid understood
you got it just ground-and-pound these
guys right right well what's odd
I mean that's true about Obama in terms
of his campaigning but that's campaigned
on him in in office yes that that's the
most aggravating thing about his entire
presidency was that what he did to
Hillary Clinton he didn't do to the
Republican Party as a president for son
if he had done that I mean we'd have a
single-payer providing or at least a
public option or you know at least not
lose a thousand state races at least
have some banner ships at least have
Merrick garland on the Supreme Court
exactly exactly but you're right we are
dealing with people who are both
ideologically out of step and have no
spine collective spine between the
entire lot of them so what do we I mean
do you have the optimism though I mean I
don't know if I have optimism but I sort
of don't I don't think it's static I
mean I think it's happening like at
least the fight is happening right now
with the Democratic Party yeah yeah no I
have a lot of hope for the Democratic
Party particularly because of it's not
all resting on Acacio cortes but what
she kind of represents a new wave and
the potential of bringing an entirely
new life to the Democratic Party at at
the highest levels of the Democratic
Party we're not talking about someone
who's a rising star in the party she is
the star of the party at this point and
so quickly so the potential is there for
more people to do that and what we have
to be careful of as leftist is that we
don't sabotage this moment by saying
that she's not socialist enough well you
know what she's damn it she's socialist
enough for me right now you know she's
the best thing that we've have that
we've got next to Bernie Sanders are
right next to Bernie Sanders pretty
pretty much the same thing but I had to
just be careful something for the
audience but but but the point is is
that if if we look at her and we think
that she's not enough and that we think
the option is the best option is for us
to not participate then we would do what
so many leftists have done we will
sabotage our own potential for power and
this is the closest thing that we've
gotten so we need to push even harder
for more people you know don't let her
be a star alone because there's so many
more talented leftists who are just
waiting for their opportunity to get on
the national stage I think we should
seize it you know in terms of just the
Democratic Party as a whole you know I
we don't need to put them in you know we
have to wait to 2020 before they get the
White House so that's that's plenty of
time for us to actually put people in
place so that when Democrats do get into
power they actually make decisions that
matter they do it from a ideologically
consistent perspective of what the
country is looking for at the moment as
well as with a backbone and with the
spine to do and to undo some of the
things that Donald Trump has done we you
know can you imagine getting a
mealy-mouthed soft-spoken Democrat to
become president after Donald Trump who
who wants to go back to bipartisanship I
just can't I couldn't stomach the
thought of that we need a fighter who's
gonna come in and fight like hell to
undo all the madness that Donald Trump
has done over the last few years and get
what needs to be done you know would
already needed to be done to address all
the pre-existing crises exactly and I
think the other thing too that also to
me and we touched on this yesterday look
not only like okay I think again
nobody's above you know this is the same
principle Bernie I think Bernie Sanders
is great I am yet still a defender of
him against I think just any number of
frankly just baseless attacks at the
same time I'm totally willing to have
you know a fair and smart critique to
help him get better same principle
applies to Ocasio cortes right but the
thing is that is it's like if you want
Acacio cortes to be as great as she can
be if you want Bernie to be as great as
he can be if you also want other people
don't don't have the same profile but
have actually been really good as well
I'm thinking of a barbara Lee as an
example who I really want to get into
House leadership then what you need to
do is get Connie Ella Inge in there get
other candidates in there so that
they're part of a pack and a tribe
that's a good context by which they get
better and better I mean you people
understand this intuitively right that
because you do the same thing on Twitter
right left ISM is growing because we
have a tribe now right socialism is
growing because
a tribe Marxist linen ISM is growing
because they have a tribe right it makes
total sense but what is happening
instead is that people are they're
tearing down the potential that we have
simply because they aren't as that this
particular candidate isn't as perfect as
they need them to be or or because of
the intellectual thing to do now or the
pseudo intellectual thing to do now is
to be a critic of the Democratic Party
instead of trying to actually change the
Democratic Party people see more value
social value online to just be a critic
of the Democratic Party without doing
anything to replace the Democratic Party
from within or from without for that
matter well yeah I mean from it because
I think across the board for all this
stuff we need we need strikes we need
protests we need occupations we need
