[Music]
yes ladies and gentlemen Rex Tillerson
finally gone after all these months now
I'm sure all of you are sitting there
with bated breath because you all
remember that Steve minuchin and Mad Dog
Madison and Rex Tillerson made a suicide
pact as it were that if one of them was
let go the other two would also go yeah
psyche uh-huh that's right that's like
that thing of like we'll jump into this
quarry with the water on three one two
three and just one of them goes yes ever
I was never the one area Dodgers no I
understand the matter thing I don't
understand why it would comfort you to
have minuchin yeah yeah like like mattis
could be like the one like mr. president
I've killed more innocent people than
you could even do mathematically in your
addled head and I'm telling you we can't
drop a nuke on Guam because the guy
didn't agree with you that a war with
Korea would up tourism or not doing it
and I find my nutrient what women do
well the idea was that they were all
going to leave in and I guess I by Steve
laughs you know the Jew who can no use
crying over spilled grape juice I can I
could I could shake a stick and get
somebody who committed mortgage fraud
yeah exactly destroyed people's lives I
love you
Wow a Jew on Wall Street who made tens
of thousands of homeless wonder where
I'll find one of those okay so Rex
Tillerson gone there is some serious
question about the timeline for how this
came about now the the the White House
is saying that they had told him on
Friday and that they decided just to
pull the plug today this is not what the
State Department is saying
they're saying something completely
different now
some people have made the have pointed
out that perhaps this has something to
do with what's happening in Great
Britain
right now which is that there has been
some type of gas attack in a pub in
Salisbury with the attempted murder
reportedly again you know I don't know
do I believe Theresa May and and Corbin
seemed to also agree I'd you know I
don't know my insight to this stuff if
somebody had if there was a gas attack
in Brooklyn that was supposedly
perpetrated by Russian operatives or
rogue Russian operatives I would also
not be able to confirm it but this is
what's being reported and there was this
sort of little dance with the White
House so yesterday at 3:15 during the
White House press conference White House
press secretary
Sarah Sanders has this to say about the
nerve agent attack in the UK after being
asked precautions for Russia from the
United States look we've been monitoring
the incident closely take it very
seriously the use of a highly lethal
nerve agent against UK citizens on UK
soil is an outrage the attack was
reckless indiscriminate and
irresponsible we offer the fullest
condemnation and we extend our sympathy
to the victims and their families and
our support to the UK government we
stand by our closest ally and the
special relationship that we have
saying that Russia was fine right now we
are standing with our UK ally I think
they're still working through even some
of the details of that and we're gonna
continue to work with the UK and we
certainly stand with them throughout
this process either Russia
using it selves or that it will given
its chemical weapons to a third party to
murder British citizen the latter being
highly unlikely given the nature of this
what this weapon so we stand with our
ally and we certainly fully support them
and are ready if we can be of any
assistance okay so that's Sarah a
Huckabee Sanders really refusing to echo
what the Brits are saying at that time
about this attack which is really along
the lines of like are you a fascist and
it's I am NOT a communist so then about
three hours later we have Rex Tillerson
being reported by the AP as saying that
the nerve agent clearly came from Russia
to the AP they had that the US has not
gotten very far in improving relations
with Russia with Moscow and instead what
we've seen is a pivot on their part to
be more aggressive and then this is what
Theresa May had to say during their time
as well it is now clear but mister
scrapper and his daughter were poisoned
with a military-grade nerve agent of a
type developed by Russia this is part of
a group of nerve agents known as Nova
choc based on the positive
identification of this chemical agent by
world leading experts at the defense
Science and Technology Laboratory at
Porton Down our knowledge that Russia
has previously produced this agent and
would still be capable of doing so
Russia's record of conducting
state-sponsored
assassinations and our assessment that
Russia view
some defectors as legitimate targets for
assassinations the government has
concluded that it is highly likely that
Russia was responsible for the act
against Sergey and Julia skipper okay
now for those of you who are living on
the east coast of the United States the
UK is what is it six hours ahead of us
or seven hours so let's just assume that
that she said that at 7 p.m. they did a
late-night session that's still 1 p.m.
here it's two hours before Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was even acknowledging
what Theresa May said maybe they have
different information but three hours
later Tillerson said he seemed
completely on board with with what she
was what Theresa May was saying and then
last night
Tillis ins on a plane coming back from
Africa you where apparently he had ate
like a bad history polluter and he said
according to the press corps Tillerson
vowed that if the attack was sanctioned
by the russian government it certainly
will trigger a response it was reported
at that time that he told reporters
traveling with him that it clearly came
from Russia
it was really an egregious act etc etc
Tuesday morning this morning at 4:11
a.m. probably right around the time that
Saul was yelling for me saying that he
had to pee Tillison plane lands in
Washington there's no let's just say you
think those of that's a coincidence okay
all right I don't know what patterns
you're seeing and then Tuesday morning
and at quarter of 9:00 Tillerson finds
out probably from Twitter that he's been
fired now oh yeah we got this sound but
it should I guess it should just be
noted though and this doesn't I mean it
always works with this administration
it's like all this is happening and it
is theirs
a sort of odd Russian theme Mike Pompeo
is overclockers you can look Russia I
know we'll get this we'll get to that in
a second not just in general like Russia
specifically here is and here is Trump
saying that maybe the facts aren't
straight about what's going on with
Russia this morning yes soon as we get
the facts straight and we're going to be
speaking with the British today we're
speaking with Theresa made today and as
soon as we get the facts straight if we
agree with them we will condemn Russia
or whoever it may be but I have not
spoken to our speaker sometime today
well he's being very extra cautious
right isn't he I mean it is like highly
responsible though as soon as we get the
facts straight if we agree with them all
of a sudden he sounds like Obama
right exactly stars very very elect knew
everything I don't examine I know
wouldn't make a comment all evidence in
front of me good guys in both sides good
there was good guys on the getting
gassed side good guys on the gassing
side both sides he was a brave decision
to defect and the Russians were
justifiably upset that he did defense
speaking of which Mike can we put deadly
nerve agents at byes please
why do Russia get to do all the fun
stuff we've be so discreet we can only
kill people and be harder immune or
something yeah what's matter why can't
we just kill Obama we could kill kids
why can't we kill Barack so the the
fallout from Tillerson being fired is
there's a couple of things that we can
anticipate the probably most important
issue surrounding Tillerson x' firing is
that we will not have access to oil and
gas reserves around the world no that's
not well sort of there is reason to
believe that Tillerson was a moderating
force within the administration in terms
of the administration's perspective on
the Iran deal
because there's a lot of players that
the Trump administration broadly
speaking seems to be I want to say in
cahoots with but yeah in cahoots with we
know that Kushner has had some deals
with the UAE and certainly nikki Haley
also is on the sort of the Saudi UAE
Israel Israel access Israel and so
Tillerson was a I mean it's hard to say
this but a voice of reason within the
context of the perspective on the
administration's relationship with the
Iran deal and here is Donald Trump
hinting at this Rex and I have been
talking about this for a long time we we
got along actually quite well posit but
you want to remind you I think Rex
Tillerson was reportedly referred to
Donald Trump as a effing now to be
fair it seems like 90% of the cabinet
also referred to him in that way but I'm
quite sure that that also Tillerson did
much but we disagreed on things when you
look at the Iran deal I think it's
terrible I guess he fit it was okay I
wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same
with Mike Mike Pompeo we have a very
similar thought process I think it's
going to go very well Rex is a very good
man
I like Rex a lot I really appreciate his
commitment and his service and I'll be
speaking director a long period of time
well long period time you know over a
long period of time did you catch I like
the verbage I would either break it or
do something right so that's a little
hint that at least the Iran deal is in
trouble in this context and that was I'm
sorry I just need to say that was the
one global reason like you I could table
everything else and I mean if you're
really fully arguing it you wouldn't
there are other areas that were
important too but like stipulate
horrible Clinton foreign policy and
nearly everything that that was the
reason right there and Tillerson of all
people was the only person I mean if
you're talking about respecting their
respect in the Iran deal upholding it so
that is probably and I don't off the top
my head there is a provision in the Iran
deal where the president has to reaffirm
every I think 90 days I mean 90 days
this has nothing to do that has nothing
to do with the actual deal Congress
threw it in because they basically
thought they would use it to humiliate
Obama and then Clinton every 90 days
right so you your co-signing that Iran's
the best place in the world but now
under Trump it becomes a different thing
right and so it's unclear what what
happens next
with but I would imagine sometime in the
next 60 to 90 days I don't know when
that comes up again they're going to use
that as a as a pretense to begin to
assault this deal and when you have I
mean let's face it we have a big
election today in Pennsylvania it's not
big in so far as Connor lamb is going to
be our favorite Congress person
it's not even big in terms of the
Democrats taking control of the house
because I think this district is gone in
the fall what it is gonna be is it is
going to shape a certain media narrative
and if Connor lamb wins in an hour plus
11 district in a district where Donald
Trump won by 20 percentage points where
Donald Trump visited where Connor lamb
and this is important has been attacking
Paul Ryan where the Republicans attempts
to run on the tax deal was abandoned two
weeks ago because it wasn't working the
question is what where are Republicans
going to go after this how where do they
hide if Paul Ryan is shown to be toxic
in this district if Donald Trump is
irrelevant in this district
I think the their usual go-to is going
to be either be afraid of black people
or be afraid of Muslims and the Iran
deal will give them something for that I
mean that's that's one concern
