Andy you sent over let's move into the
Dennis Miller portion of the of the day
you sent over to us a video and this is
this is a this is a throwback Friday
it's a bonus video to you'd normally if
you wouldn't have gotten this a few
years ago when people still watch Dennis
Miller now it's free now it's free
because they've released the archives
this is from 2012 apparently as part of
I don't know what it was a part of I
mean what like news talk radio I guess
me oh okay when he had his radio show
yeah a radio show exactly
he had the bathrobe sessions and this is
bathrobe session number 201 and where
does it scroll down a little bit this is
where he's in a bathrobe in front of a
major like a big green screen with
Easter eggs and it's Dennis Miller radio
right the bathrobe is the funniest part
of what he's doing and it's not funny
all right so this is the this is you
know a lot of people say oh he's just he
just became horribly unfunny in 2016
when he became we got demoralized
because of Trump but we can we can dial
this back even earlier here's 2012 Stacy
from Oakland California
did you help to see the movie game
change oh my god he'd even win a
microphone you know game changed the
book I read and if they had chosen to
reveal the soft underbelly of both
campaigns like they did in the book I
would have been prone to watch it more
but once I found the day it was just
sort of a trash Palin of Palin's and you
know I bet Palin I've talked to Palin I
and I know Palin not to be somebody who
has to think the stand up right so met
her she's a sweet lady and I'm sure she
you know probably doesn't like Palin I
don't quite know what her stance on that
is but she played her as the director
and the writer told her and I'm sure it
wasn't a great one good salable
Palin's not stupid
I know everybody's gonna I know I have
to get in the club say pay what's stupid
Wow that empowers one second that is
already I said I said before we played I
said I hope he's depressed enough and
right he's super depressed is working
I'm sorry what club what club is oh the
club where you just assess well the way
that what reality like sentient human
club he observational abilities yes he's
in his non sound deadened basement with
the big Easter eggs behind him going
like I guess I'm not in the club
high-end most entertaining videos I've
ever seen thank you i watch game
changing it was the soft underbelly
apple certainly has its slant while
trying really hard to be somewhat
relevant and grasp the whole time to vet
Sarah pissed Sarah Palin's intelligence
alright so when when can we see it
reading and it would read and make a
movie about the life and times of Nancy
Pelosi just add balance just add balance
there's gonna be balancing and film
projects you know I get low see I don't
even think she's that I don't think
she's smart but I don't think she's dumb
but I do think she's mean and I do think
she's nasty and I do think she's a phony
what do you know how does it for one
second I mean I do want to bet that that
would those are the exact identical
adjectives that he describes every
democratic female politician including
Hillary Clinton mean nothing about what
he's actually talking about he has no
knowledge of and he's almost like Trump
with a better vocabulary let's keep
going I'm gonna slit my wrists Kim I
don't think either one of them are all
that and closely I would say is dumber
you know if you ever heard Pelosi talk
about policy I know they're gonna say
but Katie Couric gotta admit she does
her I don't care she reads a newspaper
you know yeah I just don't care I think
she does as a matter of fact and maybe
it's like me she reads USA Today because
she likes pie charts I don't know but I
don't read the New York Times and I'm
the act
greatly I was to music you know it's
like the the auto trader I believe the
auto trader more than I believed in New
York Times so she doesn't spend any time
on that publication that's fine
with me
that doesn't make me agree tonight learn
and around the recycler do I think she's
Madame Curie
no I think anybody's Madame Curie except
Madame Curie
know my definition Curie was probably
not even Madame Curie yeah
he's laughing who's that duty way way
positive hope what's in her lap wait a
second there's somebody else in the room
yet but there why what are they doing
like he's got a locked off camera he's
barely on mic what is what does the
other person doing in there he hired the
guy who laughed at Tom Schneider
probably the exact same guy yeah oh good
Oh New York Times to me is a you know
it's like the the auto trader I believe
the auto trader more than I believed in
New York Times so she won't spend any
time on ray station that's fine
with me
that doesn't make her dumb or the end of
the world but do I think she's Madame
Curie no no no I think anybody's been
out here except out of you know man I
think Madame Curie was probably not even
Madame Curie yeah hey if you were having
this conversation in real life they have
in there now supposed to be the smartest
cat how's that working for you
a Smart Plan I don't eat smart I need
common sense and in the cab there you
guys
that last thing he does at his own
material is so disgusting
I'm glad someone's amused hey I know
he's like but he like laughs talks good
we gotta get the thing what's the best
piece of the sent you one in the common
sense area a lot more common sense than
the the smart guy who's in
right now really it has a lot more
common sense oh my god a weekly video
available only two members look at the
DMZ zone I'm Dennis Miller radio.com why
they can't even picture what he's
pitching wait a second the Dennis Miller
zone it says it completely this is a
good catchphrase who the no spin zone
right sure big might so bad treats pill
so badly until he did that smug little
laugh it was almost too depressing to be
funny so I can't have fun with it again
alright so people are always asking live
band and I think it's because I was
scarred in the early aughts Andy do you
remember this Dennis Miller in the early
aughts and the run-up to the war in Iraq
and in the the wake of the the beginning
of the occupation and invasion Dennis
Miller was a conservative hero icon
intellectual pillar for those who do not
believe me I am holding in my hand now a
Dennis Miller action figure there was
about a half dozen of these that were
made and Coulter Dennis Miller then
Rumsfeld Cheney Bush and Bush Senior
that's it this is 2003 probably right
well 102 somewhere around there and then
here are the recordings no this must
have been 2003 because it actually
involves we got to cycle through all of
these because it actually involves him
talking about well I'm not gonna ruin it
the only way we were gonna get the
French to go into Iraq is to tell them
we thought there were truffles in there
[Laughter]
[Applause]
we're gonna go into Iraq and the truffle
you know you wonder why is depressed
because there's a doll out there that
has a recording of him saying that is
the high-water mark of his life Sam
please I need me oh you did that net
noise right because it works anybody
that works out really good Miller Libya
worked out like a joy this is way but
way before lose weight this in fact I'm
sorry he's such a
that this makes me be like a total like
I have to be a foreign policy nerd for a
second at this time when Qaddafi is not
giving people any trouble is actually
because unlike all these other places
they chose to cooperate diplomatically
with Gaddafi yeah he voluntarily
dismantled his weapons program and also
fed Libyans into their international
torture system so yeah oh my god right I
can't even understand what that was you
know I actually I have an unconventional
opinion here I think his recent material
is a lot stronger
I got your I'll tell you what I'll
explain to you ready column a column B
Bay draw a line bingo
Papa starts next ad terrorism abortion
like a bottom Curie stands one Star Trek
during the Boise Revolution kill Arabs
the friendship oh my god he will
never live this down
this is how he will be remembered I will
put this in his grave with him if he is
remembered I mean if he was ever
remembered this is the kind of thing
they would remember hey what's going on
back there oh that's me no nothing his
bow that's gotta get throwing the button
or something you got it no no you cycles
through all right they got to have some
really fun ones and then some ones that
are just sort of decrepit politics that
was like the Bush era it's like hey hey
almost no but seriously we need to kill
billions our founding fathers would have
never tolerated any of this crap for
God's sakes they were blowing people's
heads off because they put a tax on
their breakfast beverage it was average
it's a funny word their breakfast
beverage that is usually Chacho I don't
think I need a tax on my on my chamomile
 Ibaka no I think we know what
his breakfast beverage is here he is no
but here he's saying this is him
justifying all the spying right that was
going on under the Bush administration
that was illicit I mean we still have
that same spying and just the sadly
Obama brought it into brought to the
light formalized before Moraga
but the idea so he both gets like what
was currently going on incorrect and
also what the Tea Party was about I'd
like you to feel rest assured that your
indefinite detention in Guantanamo now
is legally codify her perfectly legal
perfectly legal once it sounds so bad
wife the sound on the doll bad because
it's a doll I understand that can't you
make the sound maybe it's maybe like the
UN like those like like Hans Blix and
the other inspectors who were in Aachen
said there was no weapons and they were
right hey I could tell
there's no weapons depe I would say
x-rays yeah that's his catchphrase yeah
catchphrase it turns out yes he was
horribly horrible oh I see this
depressed now because on some
microscopic level he gets that he was
wrong and part of this just grotesque
period in American life or he's just
depressed I think it's got to be part of
that or part of like why he also got
went there was because of his depression
boma see they wanted him to do a couple
more and he's like no I'm done you found
the button zipper because they saw ankle
somewhere along the way no actually I'm
flying around the chin Bank Osama bin
Laden actually had a lot of chicks dude
just again in the interest of historical
accuracy that guy nah I don't see we got
one more on it let's see more ankles
than Miller okay what's the best chick's
ankle you ever had yeah that joke
inspired Sam Harris is come live in God
where he always like this I just
remember him being like a relatively
mainstream comedian when I was a kid you
know 9/11 made some people go insane I
mean honestly that's I don't know what
else to tell you that's and that's part
of it and it could be a combination of
9/11
and you know some some opportunities
drying up on the entertainment side here
we go
well everybody said he was a horrible
person as I heard this from this is the
first thing I heard when I started
stand-up they had they handed me a
brochure it said if you ever meet Dennis
Miller he's a horrible human being so
he's always been a nasty person so I
think he just he just adds the pilot can
I mount a dowser
these Rickles now that's his Rickles
part that's not you know Kim Jong Il in
North Korea must be a bad guy cuz you
usually don't get the lead up a country
when you look that freaky what's with
the air he's like a cheating that and
you actually imagine the Chinese had to
do it he's talking about the French
Fredo the French he's talking about
world war two stuff there was no no no
no this is this was a function I know
but they didn't support the freedom
fries invasion this is all freedom fry
stuff unbelievable unbelievable it's
joyful it's it's that's sad I feel like
the the proper punishment for Dennis
Miller is to be in a room surrounded by
hundreds of these dolls that should be
his no it's like there should be
machine that goes around and just Bing
Bing Bing Bing Bing and they just
surrounded actually I think at one point
it would drive him he's wearing clothes
he's life in that doll form no it holds
me in a bathrobe in the room though
that's the best part is the name of the
series because that really you know I'm
gonna get it he's not trusted he's not
my suits for this folks he's just a
bathroom then Bill O'Reilly loses his
gig and then boom I can't even walk out
of my I love what a bill is just like
seriously you can wash it up a little
bit more I wonder if we can put in a
request to I mean because we can't keep
going backwards we need to go forwards
with Dennis Miller well you've done
you're feeling his budget is your field
pieces budget altogether one of those
concerts Brendan isn't he going to isn't
he gonna be in Montclair he's gonna be a
Montclair New Jersey on the 20th of
January are you in cuz I will I will buy
you the ticket I will buy you the ticket
is there one of the rest sleep I'd again
sleep I'm just so excited about the show
dad is that would be the most you could
write like a New Journalism piece from
like this 60s for Rolling Stone about
that like the type of madness that would
compel somebody to fly from California
movie rights to that yeah like it's
actually really a deep dark voyage into
the corroded American soul I woke up one
day and I said I have a van I'm sorry
wait so where is he gonna is gonna be on
the west coast Oxnard in April yeah
that's good Oxnard in April will you go
but value Oxnard on calendar I'll pay
for the read oh I'll pay for these I'm
here for a car I'll pay for a car
service right now yes you gonna go no
I'll even
I'm excited I'll pay I'll pay the money
myself already a a patreon member let me
let me pick it up
I'm glad you're excited because this
sounds like the kind of thing that we
would all think would be really fun and
funny to do and in the middle of it we'd
be like oh wow this is what am i doing
and Andy's my I've never seen him like a
the one I met him if we did it if we did
it something like that on the East Coast
we definitely need to drugs pregame
drugs lots of prom on the if there is a
Minotaur trip that could be my grand
return to gonzo journalism oh yeah I've
done it gonzo pees no well we'll talk
about the Montclair I want to sit in the
third row with all of us I just want to
go back wouldn't it be great to drop to
take mushrooms exactly exactly
oh my god I think we may have to I think
we may have to Commission this we are
all part of the same essence I am Dennis
and he is I see ecstasy would be the
best drugs oh no I think that would
Duggan's I almost like sad I think in a
way I feel like you'd have too much
sympathy for I'm like Dennis what are
you doing oh yeah no you just have to
highlight the utter absurdity of the
human tragedy you have it all I know
it's gonna be sitting
we're sobbing during the show exactly
exactly if we add ecstasy we'd be crying
by these about the Dennis come with us
there's a party we could take you to you
have something left it's like the end of
the first Star Wars movie the last time
I did something like this I think it was
when the National was playing sorrow a
million times in a row at ps1 is some
sort of installation and I took
mushrooms and went to that and it was
horrible but I think it would be still a
lot better than the Dennis Miller I mean
now we're gonna get in a big fight and I
love the National and you don't like the
National that makes me I I still don't
know
that makes me so high I've a slated
wildly between loving and hating it they
played sorrow like a hundred times in a
row so you got to understand by the end
of it it was almost like a sculpt
Miller's doing the same thing in
Montclair he's doing one joke 75 likes
the holiday came on a college campus and
Obama Matthew Barney what's the matter
with you guys
the drop yet rebels off at the check-in
I get drop it rebels hey bones beam me
up Scotty
ah we will work on this there's a lot of
promises for 2018 Oxnard waits Oxnard
awaits Andy Kindler Andy where can
people see you next well I'm glad you
brought that up I have my own podcast
now it is called thought underscore
spiral I've heard things of jashin Elvis
Weinstein no get just via him he acted
like two Jews and I hear it is becoming
huge I didn't write that line for you
it's a suit it's very funny show yes I
didn't believe me I know believe me did
you have that commercial years ago that
uh who provide magnum p.i was that guy's
name Tom Selleck he used to a commercial
for the National Review and at one point
you would say it's a very funny magazine
very funny magazine Andy Kindler and see
what's the best love you guys thank you
so much Andy I love you too you were
happy new year you're the greatest
you're the greatest nice to see your
great piece of tail bye-bye Andy's a
true man Andy Kindler ladies and
gentlemen Andy Kindler
hi folks Sam cedar here we still need
your help on our patreon page YouTube
ABS have come back but not nearly as
much as we had before so if you can help
us out any little bit helps head over to
our patreon page right at this URL and
you'll help us keep helping you by
making videos
