as you know Donald Trump has announced
or announced and we talked about this
yesterday he came out of the meetings
and announced that they were calling off
the world's largest war games now I am
NOT I am NOT a you know big proponent of
war games there is however you know we
do have obligations to a lot of allies
in that neck of the woods some of who
demilitarized like Japan and those war
games are to basically say that there is
some type of defense mechanism in the
event that I don't know I mean it was
only a couple of months ago that North
Korea fired a couple missiles across
essentially the bow of Japan and so you
know if you're Japanese and you have
agreed to not have military for the past
70 80 years or whatever it is you're
looking to the United States to be your
protector and if they all of a sudden
one day Donald Trump wakes up and says I
don't want to do that anymore
it might make you a little bit nervous
certainly seemed to make the US military
nervous and it certainly seemed to make
the South Koreans a little bit nervous
and there is I think a very open
question as to why he did this I have
multiple theories one like I said
yesterday I don't think Donald Trump's
agenda was to get peace or to
denuclearize or anything I don't think
that's his agenda
I think his agenda is to sell the idea
that he's done that just like every
other endeavor Donald Trump has ever
partaken it I don't think he actually
cared what kind of quality of the steak
that he sold was I think he just wanted
to be able to sell the steak I don't
think he ever cared about the quality of
the education somebody was getting at
Trump University this is so long as he
could sell of the the I think that's
what he goes into and if actually
striking a deal in some way inhibited
his ability to come out and say I struck
a deal then I don't think you strike a
deal I just don't think that's the way
that that he thinks and certainly that
is would be consistent with the way that
he's operated up to this point
now let's sharpen image it's quite
possible he also believes like you come
out you say there's a deal and everybody
has to do it or they won't save face you
know like we're gonna start we're gonna
built this hotel and we break ground and
they cut the ribbon and they bring out
the gold shovels and then just nothing
happens and no one pays attention to it
later
or maybe it does this is the way I think
you see a lot of real estate operators
operate it's also possible that John
Bolton who wanted a summit so that you
could get through this quickly was just
encouraging some of this stuff and none
of it happens I mean Donald Trump is
saying was saying yesterday full deed
nuclearization starting now it's gonna
start now
I mean I do I didn't want to just just a
little bit I mean we'll get to this clip
but I mean they did already scrap a
significant testing site I I'm
specifically very skeptical of like the
John Bolton 12 dimensional chess yeah I
I'm very I'm just putting it out there
because we're gonna have a much better
sense in six months obviously but it you
can't wholly discount it I mean John
Bolton is there for reason could be just
Iran but maybe not who knows it is very
strange for Donald Trump to just come
out and give away ending the largest US
war games with there was a shift to the
Pacific that has been going on with a
u.s. foreign policy for a decade at
least maybe more certainly the military
is there this is a guy who listens to
the generals right or used to six months
ago and to come out and unilaterally
basically say here's the
big thing that you wanted and you could
just have it is a little bit strange
here is another competing theory I don't
know I don't know who tells Donald Trump
to do this or not he doesn't know
anything about these military things but
here is Rachel Maddow Vasquez now with
this with that said well good play this
Russia has just this tiny little border
11 mile long border with North Korea
with one crossing on a train and they've
got a troubled and varied history over
the decades with that country but Russia
is also increasingly straining at its
borders right now and shoving back US
and Western influence especially US and
Western military presence anywhere near
what it considers to be its own
geopolitical interests and one of the
things that they have started to loudly
insist on is that the u.s. dropped those
joint military exercises with South
Korea the US has kept those going as a
pillar of US national security strategy
for 70 years now until last night when
Trump casually announced that that's
over now he's doing away with those
blindsided everybody involved and gave
North Korea something they desperately
want and would do almost anything for
except he gave it to him for free how
come I mean it's a legitimate question
she obviously implies that it may be
Russia told them to do that or because
it's in Russia's interests and you know
to a certain extent there is a quality
of like the way that Republicans their
answer to everything is tax cuts but it
I mean you don't think that that's a bit
nuts to imply that Russia gave up some
type of back-channel command to do this
the Trump I'm sorry I think that's crazy
um I think it's I don't think that's I I
I I don't think that that is any really
more nuts of an explanation than I mean
I I
like you just follow like the most
simple like I guess what it is is and
again I'm not defending North Korea in
any way I actually think now that people
are going the opposite ends of totally
minimizing how obscene that regime is
but for seventy years right like going
back to vast majority people killed in
that conflict where North Korean
citizens including civilian massacres we
those exercise let me just let me to
note one thing preemie just let me just
note one thing you have already lapped
Donald Trump's understanding of the
conflict this is by four times this is
totally true so go ahead totally true
but I also don't find it and I and this
also could but and and there it and this
is obviously another thing that he
doesn't know but like seventy percent of
South Korean citizens want these
negotiations to happen and there's a
movement in South Korea to at the very
least significantly there is a
distinction between having troops versus
having war games on a regular basis that
literally played decapitation scenarios
with the leadership of North Korea that
have a pre-emptive knew condemn I mean
those are extremely provocative things
so I think there is it so first of all I
think that yeah there's definitely a
third way between completely bailing on
people and totally de-escalating those
and it strikes me that if you're Trump
and Trump can accidentally be right
about things and he said it himself and
I actually take it fairly at face value
he was like it seemed weird to be
sitting and talking like this and then
have this board game going on in a
couple of weeks now is that blindside
his allies yes is the military gonna
come up maybe with some you know BS way
of still totally but I don't see this
bat I think the idea of implying that
there is some back-channel rush of
conspiracy when again people are losing
sight of the basic premise that like
it's good they're talking to me like a
second well there's two different things
here there's two different things I can
be for the ending of those of those
exercises and still believe that Donald
Trump's suggestion that they end or
ordering that Russia comes from any news
Morris you know why not just follow them
I just followed the least conspiratorial
simplest path like that's just an
obvious thing that would occur in fact
you somebody who's a Simplot end who
doesn't know the policy history all
right
we're totally good I know I would be
escalate for gain I'm not subscribing to
that to the Russia thing that we're on
frankly I'm not subscribing to the to
the to the Russia explanation but I
don't think that it's really so crazy to
suggest that Michael Cohen
Felix Seder that the people they had the
back channels with didn't have a list of
things that we would like that we would
like and in return you will have I don't
know 10% share and Gazprom or whatever
it is I mean I only have to I think that
I mean you know that I don't discount a
lot of this like especially you talk to
money laundering corruption angle but I
think we're gonna need to like actually
establish definitively some actual
things of what's even been grounded Lea
speculated on which they haven't yet
before we get to well not what part are
you talking about I'm talking about
there's a lot of really interesting
noises there and I think something's
going on but I don't think they've even
cleared by a legal standard I don't
think anybody's like there hasn't been
an indictment yet that specifically
dealt with an actual back-channel
agreement with Russia well they
certainly have had not smoked it is
definitive that they've had multiple
channels there are multiple meetings
where they have lied about what they
talked yes no one has speculated a
secret peace deal with North Korea to
benefit us oh no extravagantly big but
you know you know it's speculation no no
there it's clear that they've had
meetings that they've lied about what
was discussed there definitely we don't
know why they would lie we have a sense
with some that it's as far as I
understand the most grounded speculation
is Ukraine and giving dirt on Hillary
Clinton
it's very possible I mean it's also I
mean it's it's it's we know so we know a
quid and we know a quo we know that that
exists there right the offer of a quid
the offer of a quote it is conceivable
you know they're just it is impressive
that Donald Trump has such a Russia
centric perspective on things like
weaken NATO weaken the NATO alliance and
this is I don't know the team's eyes we
can all agree that like knowing where
that idea came from is of public
interest yes of course and it is not I
don't think I agree with that that it's
so insane to say like Russian advisors
advisors to him who who don't you who he
does not know are basically feeding it
lobbying on behalf of Russia right like
it's quite possible he had no idea that
Paul Manafort was being paid by these
people what they do know that the Amana
Forex giving him advice like but what
are these are the five things you should
do and he goes okay although what's
interesting what's coming about Manafort
and as this case goes on is that
actually a lot of his sort of
positioning inside now he was aligned
with a Russian aligned Petra oligarch
kleptocrat there but he actually was
pushing the guy to do things like join
the EU and the customs union which the
Russians don't want so the actual meat
of what he's pushing for in Ukraine is a
little more complicated I'm saying I
don't think it is and I'm not claiming
this and I don't think I I if I was
gonna do that story I wouldn't have
framed it in that way where it's it
seems like the only option is that he
got this okay but it's a and but I think
the idea that Donald Trump is not at
least have people in his orbit who may
be pushing interests on behalf of Russia
knowingly or unknowingly I would bet
unknowingly because the guy's an idiot
is not that strange I don't think I just
don't think it's that strange I don't
think there's anybody at the meetings
right now I mean I didn't know think why
did I or but why did he say we should
ease sanctions on this on ZTE that's a
specific clear case of corruption out
budget which does not take any
complication or speculation there's like
a direct personal self-interest which
everybody can see I'm just saying
whatever if we're arguing about degrees
here yes I mean look yes I basically you
wouldn't when it's instance Trump is
operating completely because out of some
sense something besides Russia which I I
think it probably is something besides
yeah this is there is the only options
are not Russia or Trump is secretly an
altruistic peacemaker well what are the
other I know I'm saying that there could
be other options what are they like Kim
just said hey it'd be nice if you did
this yeah and he said and like in every
other meeting or context that we know
about the guy sure I'll do that it makes
sense why would we talk peace and have
the war game kids to this and he likes
him a lot now because he's very you know
it's acceptable North Koreans don't know
what they're doing it is not like the
South Koreans don't haven't been by the
way facilitating this whole process and
I am sure they didn't want it this way
but they definitely the South Korean
government will be down with scaling
down those operations outside of this
sort of speculation though like I think
there's a good reason to be ambivalent
about this entire thing it's because
like I think the most likely scenarios
it doesn't change the status quo a whole
lot I mean the communication stuff I
think is worth noting yes but let's say
like like it's not like the Bolton thing
where they're gonna do a war yeah it's
basically just like he has a propaganda
victory heading into the midterm
elections and then not a whole lot
changes right I don't think he needed
which you announced the end of of war
games to get that propaganda victory
well I mean I you know on the flip side
what would be great and if your new
normal than Bernie Sanders is president
twenty
20 and all of a sudden you're like oh
well the new standard now is that we
negotiate and we try to actually solve
this I don't like it I'm not talking
about that we're talking about the
motivations of Donald Trump and I don't
but and I if I had to bet on motivations
of Donald Trump and I'm one side of the
ledger it's he was doing it because he
was asked by the North Korean leader
versus he has some material benefit that
will come to him because of it we
already know that material benefit I
think again it's simple as that
ku propaganda midterms I mean sure I
don't know I don't I don't could be
reckless well dude I mean the other
really simple thing is I mean I mean
they did literally mention beach fronts
and hotels the material benefit right in
front of our hotels there and brag about
what a good job he did and like we kind
of judge this by the outcome in the end
and if the outcome is that you know
Trump gets to brag about it
tensions are ratcheted down slightly in
the region maybe we do some little less
war games a little less and that's yes
the flip side of that is that you know
it gives more fodder for our Bay to arm
the Japanese that's happening that
should this certainly helps right hell
but that ship is I mean there's this
whole other dimension of this there's
this new report in sludge and I'm gonna
interview the author on Thursday about
how like basically the Army General that
is in control of Asia policy is just a
pure like he's going on between military
and arms lobbying and they want and have
facilitated sales to Taiwan and they
want Japan to arm up that's been in the
works for a while right and this is you
know it definitely could there be a more
monumental invitation to do that but the
reason that's happening with garlis is
because of China it's not because of
this a long-term ramp up is because of
China
well this that's why these these
military games are not just about North
Korea
there you go yeah that's that's the real
big pig well of course of course
I mean that's why there's so many
different other players going like hey
wait a second uh you know you just gave
away like you didn't just give away
something too
you gave our protection away and the
probably the deeper structural problem
like the the conversation that people
are going to need to have and sometimes
I think weird like a kind of knee-jerk
left response is right in some ways but
incredibly insufficient is that there
will be probably a lot of US military
pull back from this area just because of
like the raw power that China's gonna
exercise and people could say that's a
victory against US imperialism maybe in
some ways it is and that's great it
doesn't mean any situations going to
improve because there's a new imperial
patron dominating that neighborhood
calm from a83 to area code who's this
where he come from
Hey
hello Matt what's on your mind hey just
uh you guys were talking about Trump
getting his idea to call off the war
games from Putin there was an article in
a Wall Street Journal back in January I
think by a Rebecca Powell house sister
named anyway it's called like how to
talk to Trump a year in and in it it
says back in January that he got the
idea to call off war games from Putin
and Kurt I can walk we tweeted this out
earlier that madis kind of talked and
back while reassuring him it was a good
idea and spots to that Trump ordered the
the Defense Department to not publicize
but to what Putin got to you we can't
hear what you just said let's make the
call Oh Mac it's hey there oh my god
okay yeah we can hear you okay we heard
you say that she wrote a piece in
January saying that that Putin literally
told trump to and those things okay
around the same time mr. Trump had the
idea to counter I'm going to read from
the article how to counter nuclear
threat posed by North Korea which he got
after speaking to Russian President
Vladimir Putin if the u.s. stopped joint
military exercises with the South
Koreans it would help moderate Kim
jong-un's behavior just gave me an
amazing idea uh I mean okay maybe not so
crazy uh he got it from Putin but it's
you know it's literally got it from
Putin that's actually no that is that
though that makes far more sense to me
than like the sort of like shadowy
advisors or secret meetings things like
oh yeah he's just on the phone with
Putin no more
I usually think of that I didn't even
think of that that's a little shimmy I
should have thought of that
so Meadows not at just not having that
reference what you say matters real
crime is not having that not as maybe
she got to it later but it's a very well
she could have just opened it with
here's a not like there was a
conversation six months ago right that's
what she should have done have you ever
heard of a journal well there's also a
place called wall street together they
made the Wall Street Journal and ever
Thomas Edison a telephone yeah that was
a thing I'll use those things now well
we come from but no matter where Putin
use those things six months ago I share
ideas so so we should concede that maybe
it's not so crazy
oh no no I will not gonna see that okay
even though it's like more explicit yeah
yeah and then I was coming up with my my
problem was that I was being too
elliptical yeah instead of him just well
you were probably in my Putin right we
all see Donna I blew this my instincts
came my instincts to go to the simplest
explanation possible we're totally right
I just discounted the most obvious
