hearings are going on as we speak
tomorrow
the plan for us is going to be to to
really pull out a lot of important
moments that are going to come out of
these hearings and then maybe even on
Friday what we'll do is have if we can
get it because it's obviously difficult
genuine experts at this stuff are
obviously watching this stuff in real
time so difficult to get on the show at
noon but we are working on that but this
is super consequential for a number of
reasons and we will play footage of a
parkland victim's father who attempted
to shake Brett Kavanaugh as a hand and
it's interesting to watch Brett kavanah
completely turn on his heels and run
away from this without a doubt this
father was there to put Cavanaugh in
that type of situation but I want to
remind everybody that we have been
inundated with a number of stories about
how great Brett Kavanaugh is a person
put him aside as a judge he's great in a
car pool he's super in a pickup
basketball game he wants you know he
works at a homeless shelter I mean all
of this we've heard about how great he
is as a person so it seems to me to be
perfectly legitimate to put him to test
that premise I don't know what kind of
person turns on their heels when they're
introduced to someone like that and then
call security on them a good guy I guess
and I will also say this to the
Republicans who are whining about this
this process was made illegitimate when
Mitch McConnell said we're going to deny
Barack Obama even a hearing
on his nominee now I may not have wanted
that hearing and Barack Obama didn't do
play this thing politically well but the
process has been made illegitimate and
put aside all the Russia's stuff
anything else you want to talk about in
terms of what may make the election of
Donald Trump illegitimate Mitch
McConnell himself attributes Donald
Trump's win to keeping that seat open to
an illegitimate act and keeping that
seat open so the idea that there's even
a shred of legitimacy to this entire
process is a joke it's a joke it's a
 joke to say it was inappropriate
for this guy to want to shake Brett
Cavanaugh's hand they are withholding
hundreds of thousands of documents in
terms of the ones they delivered they
delivered the most sensitive ones hours
before the start of this hearing that is
completely illegitimate and without
precedent there are documents that may
show and now it appears on multiple
occasions that Brett Kavanaugh perjured
himself in the first time he went in
front of the Senate Judiciary Committee
to be confirmed as a federal judge one
of those examples that he may have
perjured himself was in regards to his
involvement in the torture policy the
other one is his involvement in
receiving documents from Manny Miranda
Manny Miranda was a staffer I think at
one point he worked for Orrin Hatch and
then he moved to majority leader as a
staffer Bill Frist and
during the course of George Bush's this
is in the early aughts during the course
of george w bush's hearings on judicial
nominees many Miranda and I guess this
one might have been asked Alito
excuse me Alito that's what we called
him back in the day I transported back
he Manny Miranda apparently broke into
the computers and or received from a
some type of mole working for democratic
senators documents involving Democratic
senators line of questioning and
strategies in attempting to question
potentially block George Bush's judicial
nominees these memos and emails were
stolen over the course of I don't know
how long and you will see Patrick Leahy
ask Brett Kavanaugh as when you were
white House Counsel did you receive any
of these emails now Brett Kavanaugh does
not know what documents patrick leahy is
has looked at and I'm quite convinced
that there's a lot of Republicans on
this committee who don't know what
documents patrick leahy has looked at
this is what happens okay they do this
in in in suits all the time corporations
will do huge document dumps and unless
you have a law firm with a lot of
resources those document dumps overwhelm
you and they don't even know what's in
the document dumps because the theory is
we're going to put 40,000 pages of
documents in there and they've got 12
hours to look through them good luck
but sometimes this stuff particularly
when it's digital if you have the right
search terms you can find some stuff so
back in the day not only did we don't
know who got these memos we have an idea
who may have gotten them after this
exchange we know the Wall Street Journal
got them and wrote an op-ed about it we
know a some right-wing judiciary
organization got them wrote stuff about
it the capital P a police were called to
seize the Senate Judiciary Committee's
computer servers and the
sergeant-at-arms of the Senate did an
investigation this guy Manny Miranda had
to resign from the Senate and the
sergeant of arms said to the Justice
Department referred it to the Justice
Department for a criminal investigation
into violations of lying to federal law
enforcement and then other computer
crimes and of course the Bush
administration at the time of which
Brett Kavanaugh was of council refused
to pursue any investigation so here is a
Patrick Leahy now here's one other thing
Patrick Leahy was a prosecutor and one
thing about good lawyers when they're
deposing or they are examining a witness
is they rarely rarely ask a question if
they don't already know the answer now
when you work at the White House did
anyone ever tell you they had a mole
that provided them with secret
information related to nominations
I don't recall the reference to a mole
which sounds highly specific but
certainly it is common again in the
people behind you you can probably refer
to this but it's common I think for
everyone to talk to each other at times
and
share information at least this was my
experience this is 20 years ago almost
where you would talk to people and the
committee you posit for one second okay
so highly specific a mole I mean that's
a very specific term I mean that
involves like I mean as you know
euphemistically that would involve
someone very specifically planted in a
situation as a double agent that's very
specific but I can tell you this you
know people talk people talk people talk
back and forth because Brett Kavanaugh
says that because he doesn't know what
patrick leahy knows people and the
committee you never received an email
from a republican staff member with
information claiming to come from spying
undemocratic poll I don't look I'm not
gonna rule anything out Center mm-hmm
but if I did I wouldn't have thought
that anything I wouldn't have thought
that the literal meaning of that but I
knows it oh oh okay okay so if I did get
an email from somebody saying that we
have a spy or a mole I wouldn't have
thought that it was specifically either
a a furry little animal which would be
the literal meaning of a mole that bores
into things or I wouldn't have thought
that literally we had placed someone
inside there so it's possible like I may
have gotten an email where someone said
we have a mole in the democratic staffs
and I would have thought like oh they
they're just that's just common parlance
for like I have a conduit to get
information like I'm just chatting with
people that's never Google that's the
story yeah you know what I mean
mole mole a search engine right
LexisNexis bought that anything I
wouldn't have thought that the literal
meaning of that but I know I don't want
to surprise you that if you got an email
saying you got that from somebody spying
hunting well is there such an email sir
I don't know that's what we have to ask
the chairman mozzie okay so they're
bright Cavanaugh realizes like oh do you
have a email to me that says from Manny
Miranda saying that we have a spy a mole
that has given us information does that
email exists so that I don't have to
perjure myself again and now we get to
the inter party thing now we have
different angles of this this one
unfortunately we can't see Leahy's face
because Leahy has a look on his face
probably pardon a function of Botox but
also in part a function of a guy who
realizes like oh this was too easy good
somebody spying hunting well is there
such an email sir I don't know mr.
chairman what has this confidential
material but but here's the if you're
referring something particularly here's
what I know
stop a minute here reference twice how's
it now this is important because Chuck
Grassley just interrupted Cavanaugh
he didn't interrupt Leahy Cavanaugh is
trying to spin this off like let me just
address a different topic and and where
I'm on terra firma and Grassley has to
jump in here because Grassley needs to
now pretend that he is not hiding
documents that show Brett Kavanaugh
knowingly received stolen information
just stop a minute here reference twice
in your thirty minutes and don't take
this off of his time you made reference
this you're talking about the period of
time that he's white House Counsel that
materials available to everybody so so
there's
that building material about him this
mark committee confidential is now
public and available is that what you're
saying if that's what the chairman say
now I got a whole new series of courses
no not if it's not if it's committee
confidential but your start of that you
have access to it not don't forget 80%
of the material we've gotten from the
library is is on the website of the
Judiciary Committee so the public has
access to it paws account now
so what Grassley is saying is that we've
taken all the non incriminating stuff
and made it public we've made the
incriminating stuff only the committee
can look at and of course can't
reference and can't show it to Cavanaugh
and say hey Cavanaugh do you remember
getting this email that's addressed to
you that we got from your files
that's from Manny Miranda that says hey
we have we're getting stolen information
this is this is stuff you can rely on
cuz it's stolen this is not speculation
this is not one guy's at a bar with
another staffer this is this is for
reals so much so that if I had if I'm
Manning Miranda and I could project into
the future after I'm sending you this
email that the sergeant of arms is going
to recommend criminal proceedings on
this no Manny Miranda was not aware of
that at that time but Grassley's got a
problem because Grassley did not realize
Grassley may not even know these
documents are there he's just trying to
claim like we've exposed everything but
but lay saying like well if you've got
no problem with these documents being
made public then make them public the
website of the Judiciary Committee so
the public has access to it no I proceed
I want I want turns camera now
now Leahy goes on to say I want
Cavanaugh to be able to look at these
documents so he can answer the question
it's unfair that I know that he got an
email saying that we have a Democratic
spy we have a Democratic mole
and I want Cavanaugh to be able to
address these charges it's the only fair
thing that can happen there's gonna be a
lot more of this and I think we're gonna
have have this stuff to play tomorrow
and again look the bottom line is this
you cannot get the votes you need from
Republicans until you lock up all the
votes from Democrats and we're not even
close there because those Democrats
running in deep red states where Donald
Trump is still bizarrely popular West
Virginia all the North Dakota people for
Cramer we're talking about the Democrats
crazy stunts yesterday yeah the Supreme
Court North Dakota Indiana Missouri
that's Alabama it's still not a majority
of the population in any of these states
though right
they're 60% oh yeah I think it's above
50% in most of those states support for
for Trump and so those senators are
nervous and what they need is a non
ideological reason to either slow this
nomination or stop this nomination and
lying is non-ideological and so that's
what has to happen here and then they
start working on the Republicans know
about the mole sorry I plead precleared
yeah exactly that's basically what we
need to have that's the strategy should
I had to get be with the mole good play
because I could care less of teenage
girls have to die in an alleyway as long
as I don't take the blame for it I
no doubt that most of those senators are
perfectly happy to vote against okay I
think they probably don't care one way
or another as long as they have cover
you know certainly they all know that it
one day they're going to come back to
their colleagues in the Senate and say I
need X Y or Z they just need a way to
deliver it
