all right so take us through so with
this law in place the the the dilemma
facing Flint was that they had been on a
water system for 50 some-odd years that
that water system had a monopoly
essentially and was really overcharging
it seems like Flint and so Flint came up
with another idea that we're gonna get
our own water from a different great
lake or just a different pipeline from
that great lake but then they had to do
something in the interim right is it
it's like what's happening was that the
Flint back in the 60s when it was
growing growing growing they felt like
they needed to sign on with Detroit's
water system and support what they
thought was ongoing development and
evolution for the city they signed a
long-term contract to get Detroit Lake
Huron water from Detroit one of the
great lakes and and well there has been
you know
well Lacoste was an issue and I'll talk
about that in just a minute
quality wasn't it they did get good
quality water the biggest problem that
was facing play is that well they had
lost half its population and you know
the industry that was using up to 60% of
Flint's water supply the infrastructure
did not shrink accordingly
right so you have far fewer and far
poorer ratepayers supporting this
gigantic
system and they can't do it you know you
just can't do it
you bet they even though they were
paying among the most expensive water
rates in the nation there was they
weren't able to they were still losing
like 50 percent of their water for just
leaks which of course is driving up the
rates even more so they had the ability
to take care of an infrastructure that
had massive pipes because they were used
to bringing it into a ton of GM plants
and twice the population it would be the
the
equivalent of like you know living in a
big McMansion and then all of a sudden
you're all your kids your 12 kids move
out and and it's just you alone there
and you got to take care of the place
the math just does not work out and
there were things that they were
especially you know frustrated with
Detroit system for like the Detroit
contract had you know some like up
charges for like the distance that had
to pipe water to Flint and elevation
things that were non-negotiable it
seemed Flint didn't feel like they had a
seat at the table even though there were
the system's second largest customer so
there they were looking at other options
for years in even before emergency
management they're looking for other
options and what they decided to do
under emergency management under it's
for a first second emergency manager at
four consecutive ones beginning on a in
2011 the four it was the first community
in Michigan put under this expanded
emergency manager law so under emergency
management they decide they're going to
join this brand new water system that's
going to be built it's also going to
draw water from Lake Huron except the
communities are going to have to treat
it itself which is it's going to deliver
raw water partly because they you know
they wanted to serve agricultural
customers and stuff like that so Flint
under mergers management decides they
want to join the system it's not even
built yet it won't be built for a couple
of years so again under emergency
management they decided that in the
interim they'll reboot their old city
plant which they're going to need a
reboot anyway and they're going to treat
their own water from the Flint River and
the Flint River well it had been very
very heavily polluted in the 20th
century because of all these industries
because of you know environmental laws
not really coming into play until the
1970s the river is much healthier today
than it once was but it is like any
river you know more complex to treat
than lake water but upgrades this plant
received were not sufficient to deal
with those complexities and one of the
most significant omissions was
that the water was not treated with
something called corrosion control which
is a violation of federal law this is
what you're supposed to add to a water
supply to make sure that these old aging
pipes that are the water passes through
in almost every community across the
country does not corrode into the water
and contaminate it by the time it
reaches our taps so and this this
besides the city being under emergency
management the switch was also being
supervised by the Michigan Department of
Environmental Quality that and when you
know they finally flipped the switch in
April of 2014
turned off the Detroit waters are going
to the Flint River
there you could see in the videos of
this you know not you're not just seeing
them there in the emergency manager
there you're seeing you know the you
know legislative officials and mdq
officials there you know celebrated and
toasting it and they're really champion
this is like look at Flint like getting
back to its roots and seeing the switch
is a sign of sovereignty and so on but
it was it was of course it was quite a
celebration that they now regret indeed
and it turned out to be quite tragic for
a lot of people who ended up drinking
that water and so just to reiterate
river water is a much different job a
treating river water much different job
than treating Lake water and the Great
Lakes obviously probably the greatest
source of fresh water drinking water in
the country may in the hemisphere I
guess and so okay so they they restart
this old plant they don't have the
physical apparatus and or it seems to me
the the the institutional memory in the
form of people who have treated water to
understand the implications of what
they're doing because to treat this
water with anti corrosive material is
not terribly expensive is it it wasn't
terribly expensive and it wasn't even
like it in some ways it just seems like
completely baffling you know especially
because the
State Department Environmental Quality
is like supervising this and they were
saying you know a lot of this I should
note a lot of this story is being
contested in courtrooms right now but
there was the state environmental
authority you know saying that like yeah
this is fine this is fine is that it
they read the law in a different way I
guess you know but aren't they yeah just
like I mean aren't they people who like
okay the law says we don't have to do
this but if we look at this and we can
just sort of just assess like what we
know about water or were they just
incompetent yeah I mean it's completely
mysterious because it seems very very
logical even I'm not a scientist but it
seems very logical that River River
water is more corrosive than lake water
if you put it through these aging pipes
including lead service lines and you
don't add any corrosion control then the
pipes are going to corrode it faster
than they normally would otherwise they
normally would and there were signs of
this happening really soon after the
switch you know when when people had
discolored water that was that was
corroded iron the switch happened in
April 2014 by October a big GM engine
plant was noticing that it was corroding
their parts so severely that they needed
to leave the city system and hook on to
a suburbs water which was still getting
water from Detroit and yeah and yet
there was no intervention to about like
how this might be affecting resident all
right well I want to I want to just put
a pin in that that that no intervention
because that gets back to the the
complete lack of democracy story and
accountability but we should just say
that when GM switched over the problems
they were having with building the
engines ended that day like it was just
it was that immediate and alright so
well but let's just stop for a moment
and tell us about the Legionnaires
disease oh yes yes yes really one thing
that's important remember about Flint
story is that LED is definitely a piece
of it but there was a number of
contamination issues the first one that
got on people's radar was a coli
bacteria that you know caused a number
of boil water advisories there was also
a carcinogenic byproduct of the
disinfection process something called TT
hm s a chemical compound that was a
violation of the safe drinking water law
and then there was also this
Legionnaires disease outbreak this a
person Legionnaires disease is caused by
a kind of waterborne bacteria called
Legionella you it's not that you drink
it but you you sort of inhale it like
you're a water vapor like in a shower or
bath or something
it's when it's when there have been
outbreaks around the country it um it
often spreads through like air
conditioning systems and like a large
building it and what it is is it causes
like a severe form of pneumonia it's in
your lungs it's your form of pneumonia
and it can be deadly the Flint Flint and
you know its vicinity experienced an
outbreak of Legionnaires disease over
2015 and 2016 and but it was not made
publicly known until excuse me over 2014
and 2015 but it was not made publicly
known until January 2016 which is the
same month that you know this was
breaking and the National Press in a
very big way
I mean that's not right like that's the
problem not function of of your
Department of Health is to say we've got
a problem here everybody needs to stop
like just stop you know like be suspect
of those activities that could get you
Legionnaires disease
right I mean winners there's there's
been outbreaks you know there's a when
there was an outbreak of Legionnaires
disease in in the Bronx I believe in you
and over the summer of 2015 it was that
you know to their credit like public
health officials you know made the news
you know put the news out there right
away even before they knew the exact
source of the outbreak you know so
people could take what protections they
felt like they needed to take the dog
population and doctors could know that
like this is out there so if you see
symptoms that might be Legionnaires
disease there's a there's a - cast for
it yes higher probability that is right
just a few weeks they're able to trace
it to the source with
the Flint story there's still some it's
almost certainly connected to the water
switched there's scientific evidence to
suggest that so but there's also a
limited number of it's difficult to
prove because we have you there wasn't
the collection of biological samples at
the time that one would need to do some
direct comparisons and there wasn't as
much testing of people for Legionnaires
disease as you would expect if people if
there was a lot of like widespread
notice of this and and and you know like
there's and again as you mentioned
before like this literally cost people's
legs like 12 is the official record
there's a lot of people in Flint and
some journalists too including some
folks from PBS Frontline who just did a
really good examination of this about
who believed that on the uptick in
pneumonia deaths over the same time
we're probably really Legionnaires
disease and connected to that outbreak
as well it was just misdiagnosed Wow
alright and so and then let's talk about
lead I mean this I I'd like to think a
longtime listeners of this program are
well versed in how how how impactful
lead exposure to lead can be I mean
there's some who theorized that the
massive drop and crime that we've seen
nationally and internationally is a
function of leaded gas being outlawed
and then 20 years later we see these
corresponding drops in in crime because
lead has such a strong impact on the
development of the brain particularly in
kids when their brains are developing so
what there's no way to measure this
right I mean that's just you don't know
how much lead has been ingested by kids
from like this is something like we
won't know the implications of this for
20-some odd years I do think that's true
I do think that this is one reason thing
that people mean when they say the Flint
water
crisis and over is that you know you
have to wait for folks to grow up you
know and there's a number of recovery
efforts that are happening and you know
a number of reasons to like have every
you know every every bit of like hope in
the future for a lot of these like
really beautiful and brilliant children
that are growing up in this community
but but yeah like I think this is like
what you're saying to about like how how
leadwerks just how it works and makes it
very tricky to trace very direct causes
and effects and this is why even though
lead is one of our best-known
neurotoxins like we've known of its
toxic effect on humans for thousands of
years literally we nonetheless like
built everything out of let you know our
paint our fuel and our drinking water
infrastructure and you know and that's
partly it was like we we partly got away
with that so to speak because because
you know people you had all this like
plausible deniability about how led was
actually affecting people so children
are absolutely more vulnerable that they
they can absorb up to five times as much
lead as an adult from the same amount of
exposure you can test it for a limited
time in there when it's still in their
blood
but then it's eventually absorbed into
their bones and tissues kind of like
calcium is and it stays there this is
why I can have you know effect that goes
on you know later in life you know it
can cause developmental delays it can
cause kidney damage it can cause you
know antisocial behavior impulse you
know issues a number of problems it can
it also is unhealthy for adults and
especially pregnant adults infant you
know who drinks formula with water that
might be have a high lead content are
very vulnerable
it can cause fertility issues for people
there's been researchers looking you
know a plant to see if there has been
you know like a rise in miscarriages and
stillbirths or you know you know just
other issues that might be related to
the water
it's it's it's it's just bad for us and
and while we did finally get to the
point where we put laws out like banning
you know lead pipes put into new
infrastructure systems and house paint
and we no longer have leaded fuel that's
all great but we haven't done a full
reckoning with the legacy of the LED
that's still in our environment that
people are still coming in contact with
every day and this was murder why it's
not just Flint story right you know we
have LED everywhere and we should say
they're all basically ticking time bombs
right I mean because the LEDs there that
the you can treat your water only so
much in terms of being anti corrosive at
one point it starts to break down and it
just means that it breaks down later
right I mean so yeah yeah there's that's
one of the critiques that a lot of
people have over our environmental laws
right our letting copper rule nationally
through the EPA the minimum standards
that set are quite loose and so is the
sampling rule and it allows up to 15
parts per billion of lead in ninety
percent of homes in a community before
it triggers a response so 10 percent of
homes in a community can have all kinds
of lead in it in their drinking water it
doesn't raise any flags at all it it
this community sounds like only five
percent eighty five percent it sounds
like right can have a tremendous amount
of lead until you hit like ninety one
percent it doesn't kick in or no yeah no
nothing like it like I say it's
community can show that it's like up to
ninety percent of homes have less than
$15 million okay even then like then
they then they can say it's safe
so now we know no amount of lettuce face
we know that but the law is written in a
way because it acknowledges that there
will be red in our water and it's as so
long as we have lead and our pipes and
our plumbing infrastructure you know
both in home and outside the home and I
think we I would love to see one story
to help galvanize the political will for
people to
deal with that you know like weed you've
got to get rid of it great we're not
putting new new pipes lead pipes in the
ground but let's what how about getting
rid of the ones that are already there
alright so I know getting older so we
have 15 people who have been indicted
from we've been criminally charged
around this ranging from involuntary
manslaughter to obstruction of justice
you know different folks hiding the
truth of this how is it that Rick Snyder
got away with with without any it seems
to me legal consequences a lot of people
have asked that okay I have a few
thoughts on that I think well one thing
that I think is true is that I think
that there are people who have
responsibility for this that just
because their names are prominent as
public figures does not mean that they
were you know that they didn't have they
didn't have like direct hands and the
choices that led to the situation right
so so sometimes I've seen people react
to the names of those who are indicted
and if they don't recognize them they
just assume their scapegoat you know
really which I don't think it's quite
accurate also I think that we have some
real limitations in our legal system and
in our laws when it comes to
environmental crimes
you know the even the most famous you
know and so-called environmental
triumphs you know in the legal system
like like like the Erin Brockovich case
for example where there was citywide
water contamination in Southern
California you know like it's it's they
always end in sort of settlements with
no admission of wrongdoing you know it's
really hard to trace responsibility with
with these kinds of cases because of how
they play out you know like so even in a
community that's had for example let's
say like there's like a cancer-causing
element in a community groundwater and
you can see that you know the community
is experiencing cancer at twice the
level than you would expect
to be for any one particular person's
cancer it's really hard to point it to
the can you know the person who
contaminated it because maybe they would
have had cancer anyway you know it's
it's just how it's sort of how this
works and also I think you know we're
also like you know dealing with one of
the consequences of bureaucracy which is
that if everybody's responsible nobody's
responsible you know that like there's
there's everybody can sort of you know
point to other people saying like well
they had they were responsible for this
decision and then the other person was
like no they were and you know and the
governor's been able to hold himself at
some remove from a lot of this according
to him he didn't know the full scope of
the Flint water crisis until late
September 2015 just shortly before the
state finally conceded and helped hook
Flint back onto Detroit water which
didn't solve all the all its problems
but was a big move okay even if you take
him at his word that's still that's
still wild right right yeah and I don't
