and on the phone the technical guru of
not just the majority report but
technologies that you probably have used
in the past not not just the majority
report app I don't know how close to the
vest you techies like to play this Kyle
but certainly you're renowned in that
community of coders and guys like that
right uh very you know I don't like to
talk about it but I'll agree okay
and people can follow you on twitter or
did you shut down your Twitter account I
actually deleted my Twitter account I
couldn't take it anymore
all right well forget that so Kyle um
talk to us about blockchain sure so on
you know the interview was really good
trying to think about what I can add to
the conversation so I'll just give you
my brief history of my interactions of
dealing with this stuff so you know two
years ago I had someone pay me for lunch
and coinbase because I thought it would
be funny and that tend our lunch turned
into like you know I turned into like a
$300 lunch at someone paid for me so
that you know and he's still pissed
about that so that's where it started
where I kind of thought it was kind of
interesting kind of funny and this past
summer I met a friend that I just had
worked at a company with and he he was
doing an ICO one of these icy O's with
the guest just talked about and this is
the initial initial coin offering right
right so it's kind of like an IPO except
with no regulation no rules no reality
sometimes and in a way it's kind of like
the ICO world is kind of the stock
market in the 1990s where people like
had ideas of products and people bought
those ideas basically on now it's just
the ideas money and the product is money
and that's what people are buying
what and now III have a sense of and you
were talking about the sort of the
dot-com run-up and what ultimately
became a bubble at least in the late 90s
there's like I've got an idea where
we're going to develop a website where
people can go and actually watch video
maybe on their phone you know that type
of thing back in the late 90s what is it
what are if I'm going into a room and
I'm selling majority report coins and
you're going in and you're selling Kyle
coins and we're both offering these icos
what are the talking points that could
possibly differentiate the the value of
my coin versus your coin all right so at
the end of the day to the potential
investor of the product is money right
this coin I think you know I'm trying to
argue my coin will have value later but
in another way it's kind of like the
guest talked about it's kind of like
because you could look at it as shares
I'm buying shares of a company I'm
buying into their product they will
eventually build and in fact a lot of
the icos are basic basically
yet-to-be-built product ideas and yet to
be proven product ideas and there's like
a website with a bunch of like head
shots of people that are involved and
that's it like in a lot of cases that's
all that there is but are the value but
but but am i arguing when I go in for
the majority report coin and I'm trying
to I'm going to this investor I'm saying
you got to invest in my ICO as opposed
to Kyle coins am I saying well look look
at all the people look at my website
look at all the headshots there I mean
I've got the most talented all these
guys came from Stanford and and so you
should invest with me or is there some
other value proposition that I'm
offering like oh I've got you know I got
30,000 people listened to my podcast who
tomorrow I can guarantee you will be
using majority report coins because I
have a I have a pass through rate of you
know sixty five percent yield when I'm
I'm Hawking coins to my audience so as
of tomorrow you're gonna have a thirty
five thousand person just you know a
base of customers I mean is that is that
what I'm arguing or am I simply arguing
like my technology is better or
I'm gonna have pictures of me on there
and you want a picture of me on your
coin as opposed to the Kyle I don't know
what what is it that I'm like what am I
saying what's my value proposition
versus the other person's value
proposition right so the one profit
proposition is getting early on my thing
my thing that will have value and go up
period another proposition is I'm
building something that's a product it's
a little bit of a twist on the
blockchain and this will be big just
like the blockchain blockchain is or as
other products are on so usually there's
some derivative of those two ideas where
you know you're selling yourself but
you're also selling a potential idea
that does something different with the
blockchain that hasn't been done yet and
there are a lot of things I've been done
yet but with that said the blockchain is
also a somewhat limited idea it's
limited in its scope in some ways as
well now when you say the blockchain
hold on one second when you say the
blockchain is there a blockchain or is
blockchain like there can be there's
multiple block chains and and you set
one up right so Bitcoin has its own
blockchain the guest talked about cerium
which is kind of a blockchain for that
is a blockchain platform basically for a
bunch of these coins or tokens okay and
for every coin you see they're either on
their either on aetherium they may run
their own blockchain but that seems to
be not happening as much it seems like
people if they want to publish a token
and get something up and running
launch nico for example builders use
aetherium and those define what he what
the guest was talking about a smart
contract which basically defines how the
coin operates and how it can be
transacted what other uses are there for
blockchain I mean I keep hearing people
say to me like well you know bitcoin is
one thing and you know crypto coins are
one thing but really the real value is
coming out of the development of
blockchain technology where what other
applications will there be for
blockchain technology and how how new is
it I mean it it almost feels like I mean
how new is it or is
well absolutely has it been out there
for a long time it's just it hasn't been
able to be as perfected well I think I
would think about the blockchain as like
yeah the first point is it's kind of
like a database everyone has access to
and everyone get a copy up now the
reason maybe it's now more possible to
kind of architect the system this way is
because of fast internet speeds
bandwidth has increased now having a
larger file that's like that can grow I
actually think the ethereum blockchain
last night and it's about 60 gigabytes
or I did a version of the same class
night but anyway it gets pretty large I
guess actually take a long it took the
hours and hours and hours almost a day
to think the etherion blockchain which
means it's like even though everyone has
access to the giant database it's also
somewhat prohibitively slow to acquire
and you have to keep up with it and keep
in sync with it to affect it you know to
to add transactions to participate in
the network okay so you need a lot of
speed and so what else would you use the
block tale yes right but but in in
concept the concept is it's a database
everyone has access to and because we
can all access it because we all kind of
also help run it we we trust it more
because we because there is more
transparency so one example would be
popular idea right now is doing mortgage
records for a given town or state or
whatever on instead of using MERS using
the watching because everyone can kind
of publish and see and witness it now
that may or may not be a good idea but I
think that the point is how many ideas
are made better or are better because
the information is accessible by
everybody you know the fact about the
first thing you came up with was
basically we could replace that
fraudulent system that exists now in
terms of MERS with a with another system
that will be at least more transparent
but also maintaining its fraudulent see
right so you know for a lot of banks a
lot of people say well I like the boxing
idea I think the idea of a descent you
know you centralized database a database
which everyone can hold but it's also
still secure it's interesting and I
think there's potential there for
certain applications but
act like every single product that
exists has a blockchain equivalent I
think is false I mean in a lot of
situations you don't want data to be
passed around you don't want everyone
holding it you don't want to architect
the system that way because it can
become very very slow it's not optimal
so there only there are only a few kind
of categories of ideas in which the
blockchain makes sense I think for the
current you know the application of
Bitcoin it makes sense for some of these
currencies that you would better set up
this way it makes sense but how it works
in the real world it's more of a
buzzword at this point in like a reality
it's is conceptually speaking is is
there an analogy between like blockchain
and say like Wikipedia kind of but it
would be okay we can go with that
because even Wikipedia is hosted on its
own servers right right like there is
some sort of centralization right it
would be the same and you can't do this
by the way you can download all of
Wikipedia I used to do this when I did
machine learning because we train on the
data side of Wikipedia and it's like
gigabytes and gigabytes large it sorts
actually it's pretty big you can get all
the text and everyone can have a copy of
Wikipedia but it's a giant file right so
you would have to open your giant file
on your desktop and then search it
manually and then whenever someone else
updated Wikipedia on the main site you
have to download those updates and bring
them down to your computer and then
access them does that make sense yes
there's a lot more like like the way
that Dropbox works amongst let's say you
have different computers except for in
this instance it's like everybody shares
this Dropbox right and so it's a so but
there are some upsides of doing things
this way sometimes meaning like the idea
that no one necessarily owns the system
that everyone kind of is a part of it
and everyone has a copy makes it more
resilient right you know if one person
drops off and loses their a copy of
Wikipedia there's another thousand
people to have everything right on so
there are there are benefits to
designing a system like this and there
are reasons and you know having
centralized systems are I have a lot of
problems as well right that it's that
one centralized server goes down then
everyone loses everything right so this
is trying to combat that
and do the opposite but in some cases
where the data data sizes get too large
or maybe too unwieldy it may or may not
be a good idea I feel like we're living
in one of those eras where like if I
want it to go raise money to let's say
expand the majority report like I could
go into a room with with investors and
say we're using blockchain technology
and we're going to totally expand it and
they would just go like whoa all right
like I feel like it's like we're in one
of those that's one of those words where
we just go in like we're do you know
like what what they said you know 12
years ago they all I had to see with Zig
we're doing this 2.0 and people would be
like oh well in that case here's some
here's jacket that type of thing and I
feel like blockchain sort of has that
that aura around it right now well I
work with a company right now that that
has a successful product going there
they have revenue and instead of raising
venture capital money they're pivoting
and doing an ico and raising thirty
million dollars equivalent in Bitcoin
and other coins for their ICO instead of
like raising money in a traditional way
and they just dropped everything and
they're doing that and I'm kind of like
I can't believe it but I can kind of
understand it and it's like it worked so
far that they're not on they're not done
with their token sale yet and when I was
talking at the beginning about I've met
a guy who was doing an ICO
and at the time I didn't know anything
about aetherium that he explained it and
I started reading into it learning about
it he ended they ended up doing an IC
o---- they raised fifteen million
dollars and and the value was held and
it went up to 80 million at one point it
went back down you know they're there on
there traded and I still don't know what
their product does now this is a guy I
know personally and I was not very
impressed with him when I worked with
him and he's still unimpressive but he
just decided to drop the product they
were building ok this is another case
where they had a product which I still
don't understand they stopped building
that made nice EO did like a worldwide
Roadshow to sell it on
and it worked so you know and I worked
with him like left like a year ago and
then he went off during a company maybe
they shouldn't have been such a sucker
you should gotten into the bottom right
the bottom ladder and I impressed with
him yeah easy to say that he came
banging we really appreciate your
quality oh I think I feel like Sam and I
have a lot in common you I've always
known I mean I've gotten to know you a
little bit and I and I like you and I've
always appreciated I I've always sensed
a certain similarity between you and
salmon now I'm listening to you and I'm
like oh okay
literally kyle is tech sam cedar right
oh yeah any person I knew who became
incredibly wealthy in this field and I'm
in yeah and they weren't particularly
they didn't OD I actually very talented
I don't think they do such a good job
ah anyways I got no no coffee for me
afternoon and I'm saving yeah you know
what I'm not gonna buy into the ico I'm
just going to keep working on fan setup
and I stand up my way I set up a fake
meeting with the all right well Kyle
well over one more question for Kyle I
got a question for Kyle that I think
you'll appreciate I'm here a lot of
skepticism but you know Bitcoin they got
blockchain technology not like that how
do you really argue with that my
favorite new character seriously let's
let's make sure that we discussed this
whole new majority report coin because
already come one that I didn't tell you
about it I've sent you a white paper
already I wrote it it's called cut coin
such a good idea now okay
god I go there but I just my my milah
has signed up for something called sweat
coin we shot which is alright
as you like exercise or walk Oh eat it's
not it's not a it's not really a
cryptocurrency but I think you just get
like coupons but and I think it's
basically because they track you and
they see where you go and they get that
data and they sell it that's what I told
it's incredibly creepy there's there's
like oh no but by the way first of all
that that app is a real-life
implementation of a black mirror episode
just the one to one and and in terms of
people selling your location data that
is happening to a degree you guys would
understand I'm not gonna get into it but
it is being sold everywhere are they
allowed to do that with children it's so
when you install an app right you give
your app that location preference you
say hey you can use my location to check
my work out that's right that's why I'm
using you but then behind the scenes
even though you agreed to give that app
that data they can give that data to
someone else behind the scenes I've
grown it to everybody you've given it to
everybody at that point yeah I don't
know you helping me do more time time on
the treadmill can't really argue with
that but you know it is I don't like
Nancy Pelosi though wait video me you've
seen a lot of things but I'll see the
video of the Hat bacon salad that
material gotta go fast man I go back and
forth on that on the selling of that
data I mean in terms of like broadly
speaking I'm obviously against it but in
terms of like whether or not I would
give it up or it's it's nuts and ice at
you know my LaDonna I said look if you
want to sell you understand you know I
just told her if you're not paying for
it then you are the product and she's
like yeah whatever dad
I mean I just feel like ya own ups we
opt into all sorts of that we are
too dumb to understand and that's on us
but kids that seems like a bit too far
I agree yeah I would say anything that's
available to the iOS SDK like Bluetooth
information local area information
location information sensor information
pretty much any piece of data is being
bottled up and sold period I know the
the real app that you need to develop
Kyle is the one that will send fake data
so that I can sign it into your app and
then I can sign into any other app and
it sends distorted data because all we
can do is screw up the noise to signal
ratio we can't get rid of the signal we
can only increase the noise and that's
what I'm suggesting
so man voted for Hillary Clinton if you
talk about material that's the kind of
thing that I just can't I can't trust
that all right Kyle thanks so much buddy
all right no problem yeah you build that
he's gonna build that uh noise signal
app that's a great idea
isn't it
