welcome back Michael Brooks on the
majority report that was chronics and
protege and joining us now is douglas
lane he's the author of bash bash
revolution he's a publisher at zero
books and host of the zero Books podcast
which you can find both on my itunes and
also a lot of very good video content on
youtube Doug thanks so much for being
with us today
hey thanks for having me on so Doug you
are the perfect person to talk to you
about this because just as I was saying
in the intro you know I've been spending
a lot of time on this show my show
talking about the fallout of the Iran
deal the implications for Syria for
Yemen for a broader you know crisis in
the Middle East and the even really the
future of the foundations of arms
control but it's very easy to get lost
in sort of trivial ideas and issues like
that in the face of the really really
important stuff which is that there are
a group of sort of mid rank pundits who
some college students don't like so you
know clearly there's obviously much
bigger things going on and that takes us
to this you know sort of unintentionally
comical piece that Barry Weiss came out
with a couple of days ago called
something like meet the renegades of the
dark lab and it's they know an
introduction to a group a cast of
characters jordan peterson dave rubin
sam harris and i think michael shermer
and Joe Rogan and basically a group of
guys who um are sort of constantly
protesting that they're you know
underexposed and underrepresented even
as they you know you just can't avoid
them from the New York Times to Bill
Maher to endless YouTube and Twitter
algorithms I've never seen
such ubiquitous silence people in my
life and you know so and not actually
you know you put out a very insightful
video recently on this sort of the kind
of free speech hustle aspect of this and
these sort of people building brands on
you know equating being criticized with
being silenced and then using a
discourse of freedom of speech which has
nothing to do with what's actually
taking place there by polluting the term
and the process right I mean I got a
little bit of pushback for that
particular video because there are a few
people who I saw pictures of in video
who I guess have actually been either
find or in some way or another
sanctioned by the state for things
they've said and I just want to make it
clear like I am against state censorship
and the left in general is again station
intership but what what they what
happens is that they transform issues
that are difficult into issues around
free speech in other words we weighed in
on a question that's difficult and
fraught with emotion you're going to get
a reaction and they turn that reaction
into a you know a reason to claim to be
martyrs and a reason to claim to be
suppressed and and they've done a good
job I mean when he was still around my
love did a really good job of getting
the kind of reaction that looked foolish
on YouTube
in order to kind of launch his career
they're smart enough to know about the
Streisand effect or to use it when it
happens
it's a Streisand effect well Barbra
Streisand sued a photographer for having
taken photos of her house he was
actually in landscape photographer I
think he was doing a survey of the coast
and she had a she at her mansion was
part of the one of
places I've got photographed was
included her for property and she found
out about these photographs existing on
a website I think and sue the
photographer for invasion of privacy and
what happened was a website that had
something like three views and you know
was really not significant became very
popular man got millions of views
because were losses so by trying to
suppress this guy's photography she ends
up trawling attention to the photographs
of her house as she's trying to obscure
and that's the Streisand effect right so
what let's let's actually let's pick
this apart will sort of take it from
micro to macro here so yes there is the
element and you know you published
Angela Nagle's book kill all normies
very good book that kind of captured
some of the dynamic of how these people
were able to leverage a certain type of
you know for lack of a better word call
out culture and leverage reactions that
just looked bad from a brand perspective
to sort of advance themselves and make
their credits look foolish at times
that's kind of an old I mean it's an
important conversation but it's kind of
an older conversation it's also become
its own cliche so maybe like you know it
was important I think for those of us on
the left to say and I still do just even
just performative Lee like you know you
want to go embarrass ben shapiro well
you know do it right you know don't have
a meltdown and you know that's what he's
looking for but i think that that
message has kind of registered and so
now we're actually much more clearly
confronted with you know in most cases
and barring like state finds and so on
which i agree with you on but in most
cases just the sort of bare cynicism of
the move that these people make and one
of the examples of it in a specific way
that we were just talking about in the
office during prep was as an example
someone like sam harris will say you
know calling somebody is a racist is a
thought stopper it's a conversation
ender because it's you know particularly
in his case he's someone who's actually
he's one of the ones on this side of the
conversation that's very fixed
and very um I don't know if it's just
egoic Lee and emotionally aggrieved or
actually he's concerned about his
brand's position but he's very very
freaked out that he would get painted
with a brush of bigotry even as he dips
into you know everything from you know
retro gay grade foreign policy and and
sort of totalizing statements about
Muslims to you know pushing you know you
know IQ and genetics racial stuff right
so but yet being called out on that you
know freaks him out even though
obviously he's entirely in traditions of
bigotry on those grounds but the point
that we were making was that you know in
a very different way so like we were
bernie bros and bernie bros actually we
got accused of sexism and racism and
these sort of things and you know sloppy
and dishonest and ridiculous and
disingenuous ways all the time and it
wasn't a thought stopper because in this
case sort of conversations that we were
able to say well actually no that's
inaccurate and explain why and what i
wonder you know and that's where it
starts to seem like the move is actually
ironically just to block any exchange
like sam harris Jordan Peters these guys
can go out and say whatever they want
but then we can say what we want um and
then their response is either you're
suppressing me by responding to what I
said or you know you haven't followed
all of the little trinkets and caveats
I've put in to try to get an out for
myself and ironically it becomes a game
of hide the ball right well I mean I
don't know Sam Harris you know he least
tries to have debates occasionally
although I would say that he is as much
of a thought stopper as anything he
complains about race because just for
exactly the reasons you say he gets hung
up on basically issues of how he's being
represented
rather than what he's supposed to be
talking about right I think the big
thing that is though that most of these
guys who are worried about free speech
or some claiming to care about free
speech aren't at all consistent
themselves I mean for instance Jordan
Peterson wanted to create a watch list
of university programs and professors
that he thought were neo-marxists and
needed to be defunded that's hardly the
move of someone who cares a great deal
about open and honest and intellectually
rigorous debate that's a just a
use-of-force you know to try to shut
down ideas you don't like the same thing
is true Tucker Carlson and his support
for some legislation that was going to
penalize students for political protest
on college campuses so these guys are
consistent about their actual free
speech position and then the other thing
is they I think it's important to point
on this is something that really bothers
me actually
that they've all embraced all these
people on the intellectual dark web
these guys that are branding themselves
together in the New York Times they've
all embraced red-baiting as their
primary point of common interest
so like Brett Weinstein he's not the
same as ben shapiro right politically
then I'm really aligned except that they
both are really concerned about the
impact of Labette Weinstein calls a
critical theory and ben shapiro would
call it I guess Marxist or cultural
Marxist sir I'm actuary depends and
maybe just hysterical social justice
warriors but the point is that they
point they they're all there they have
their own story about the problem in our
society and always comes down to their
political opponents by villainizing the
political opponents as part of a kind of
a Jewish conspiracy ultimately although
they you know couch it in different
terms to hide the origin of the idea so
I I find that really disturbing that
this sort of John Birch Society
idea has become mainstream enough that a
bunch of people who at least dip their
toe in it are being you know hailed as
renegade intellectuals and the New York
Times and also the other kind of
striking thing just on a sort of basic
elemental vigor level like you know
let's sort of take it across the board I
mean the kind of in some ways like
Harris is sort of the most easy and the
most glaring in the sense that actually
has recline did a good job of pointing
out how his own constant sense of
persecution and aggrievement
and his you know emotional
identification with other overexposed
white you know sort of idea peddlers who
want to you know promote racist ideas as
an example without being you know called
as such that that is a form of identity
politics and why is it that he is an
example could you know entertain a
charles murray but then say that you
know a conversation with donna he see
coach would just be hopeless and you
know not fruitful i mean just the the
sort of inability to basically
disaggregate there is pretty is obvious
but the broader thing that's fascinating
is that how have they been able they've
generated a narrative that not only has
its roots in anti-semitic conspiracy
theories whether they know it or not but
also the fact that they you know we
spend a lot of time inside the left
disaggregating between you know well you
know what is the driver is it is it
cultural is it economic is it the is it
a fusion you know universal programs and
how do they intersect with dealing with
you know problems that persist in
representation what is our position on
on even things like indeed like the
callout culture or whatever so they're
basically taking these viewpoints that
that are radically different whether it
be a sort of you know basic kind of
you know I don't know for lack of a
better word sjw stance or a Marxist
stance and it seems to me that they're
conflating it in ways that are both not
totally non distinguishing and non
rigorous to an embarrassing degree for
people who self-professed
profess to be intellectuals which I'd
like you to elaborate on but also in a
way where it seems that the commonality
that it just sort of comes down to is
that anybody from the least to the most
sophisticated from the most polished and
the most you know intellectually
rigorous to the most you know emotional
and reactive but that basically anybody
whose position in public life is that
injustice is not a good thing and we
should do better for humans that they
are the problem and we could just sort
of pocket that all as Marxism or
whatever yeah anyone who's dissatisfied
with the status quo I mean it that's not
exactly fair that all of them think this
way but certainly Jordan Pederson yeah
you know as a fighter for the status quo
and anyone who is more concerned about
fighting for social justice or changes
in society than he or she is about their
own personal success say is you know
suspect and fallen prey to a horrible
villainous ideology of neo-marxist
according to Peterson and so they're
obviously you know that's not even a
position that you can consistently hold
and he himself them consistently hold
with the idea that you only focus on
yourself rather than on social ills I
mean he does asking students to get
involved with his own political projects
you know but but the the main thing that
I think but that all of these people
share is this desire for there to be a
route to the truth that doesn't involve
them in other words they're they want to
be objective in a simple straightforward
way which means that they have to take a
lot of things that are part of the
status quo for granted
they could never be changed I mean
that's the problem with sort of this
white bread liberal scientism that that
out there is that you know it wants to
claim this sort of objectivity and Nazis
own subjectivity and that's you know I
say like that it sounds very academic
but it's pretty simple it's like you
know for instance if you're taking
Charles Murray's word for what the
science is on race and IQ you ought to
at least consider what your own
political social position is and be
extremely rigorous and scrupulous about
challenging what makes you feel
comfortable right and and that kind of
observation which maybe they nod along
to said that way something that they're
really on them fundamental level aren't
capable of holding on to and trying to
use well right I mean the perfect
example that is that you know Jordan
Peterson is out running around
essentially saying that until you have
your life entirely psychologically and
emotionally in order you shouldn't
interface with any political or economic
institutional question or debate now of
course it's a delusional standpoint
fundamentally because you know systems
work on and effect your emotional and
psychological health like if you know
your your earnings your job security you
know all of these things have a major
impact than the type of things he's
talking about because no one exists in
this sort of weird you know no-man's
land but then on the other hand yes the
amazing contradiction to say like well
you know a 19 year old who thinks it's
you know atrocious and disgusting that
you know they're going into a you know
vastly depreciated jobs market with
lower earnings or maybe doesn't feel
good about their iPhone being made in
brutal sweatshop conditions and mind
from mayor rare minerals in in Africa
that fuels civil wars and benefit the
most powerful corporations in the world
that you can't say because maybe your
room isn't tidy enough but what
nineteen-year-old
can be utilized to do is um you know
terrorize teachers that might tell them
something about American history that
makes them feel uncomfortable
there's certainly psychologically ready
to do that so I mean you know the the
sort of obvious kind of comedy of those
contradictions of bounds but and we'll
get to your collision with Peterson in a
second but what I'm really interested in
is how is it that these people who are
just as you say they're they're mostly
status quo reinforcers and they might in
certain contexts be provocative in both
good and bad well in in in the sense
that yes there's a grain of truth that
there is uh in certain very limited
circles maybe there's a quote-unquote PC
culture which is you know uptight about
comedy or something right and maybe and
they can sort of zero in on that and and
and hammer that all day and you know use
the same handful of examples and grossly
over inflate their importance okay and
then on the other hand they're also
actually taking aim at really good and
really positive hard-earned aspects of
quote-unquote PC culture like it is a
good hard-earned and small social
advances that like yes in certain
circles you know sexually harassing your
secretary or whatever you know or even
the fact that like people are stratified
in those job roles along gendered ad
that that we've slowly slightly
progressed that's a good thing or that
we don't you know sort of openly promote
racial hierarchies and that's considered
to be like not appropriate these are
actually you know barely the beginning
of vital social advances that any decent
society would hope to accomplish so
there's that but and then on the other
hand specific especially with regards to
things like their relations to
capitalism to markets to you know using
sort of
scientific anecdotes dumbed down and
highly mediated for public consumption
to justify income inequality and say
that capitalism is somehow this natural
organic state were in versus a decided
economy um
this is all reinforcement of status quo
so how are they able to do this
incredible you know and people point out
the hilarious Court of sort of paradox
of people who constantly have exposure
constantly whining about their lack of
exposure but they're they're resonating
with something like that hustle that
ludicrous thing is working yeah in their
branding yeah yeah last night I
I was watching because I'm in a middle
age now I was looking at mort's saw from
1992 interview Roger Ailes oh well and
it was remarkable how similar they
sounded to some of these dark web
pundits today within their criticism of
kind of liberal establishment types
mm-hmm you know and so what but back
then I mean Moore's also lost some of
this lefty luster over time because he
braced aspects of the right and and no
one was thinking that these two guys
represented some hot new trend online or
interest online barely existed and
nobody was no one was elevating them to
be the new part of the new
counterculture right so why is it that
these same kind of attitudes and ideas
are some are are coming across as more
controversial and more interesting than
they really are now I think it has to do
my theory is in fits of theory I think
it has to do with the fact that Occupy
Wall Street didn't succeed that we that
we had economic crisis and a political
crisis after that and the left response
to it was partial and we ended up kind
of retreating into a circular fire
a squad and a lot of scapegoating here
and there and a call-out culture of our
own and because of that now we're at a
point where just trying to return to
normal sounds really hip and cool you
know we've lived through this sort of
failed attempt at a change that was not
brought on because people are organized
for it right on by economic and crisis
you know political crisis and then
economic crisis and we just I think the
way to beat these guys is to think more
deeply in organized something like
occupy that does the job better that
gets further that's
