obviously I think people are quite aware
of the news 46 year old man Robert
Bowers shot 11 congregants in a temple
call I think the tree of life in in
Pittsburgh a conservative temple
conservative in terms of its Jewish
denomination not necessarily its
politics the the dead ranged in age from
mid 50s to mid 90s I think a woman who
was a Holocaust survivor actually and my
understanding is it was Shabbat services
but also there may have been a bris at
the time for police officers also shot
the man was taken into custody he had 21
guns registered in his name he used an
ar-15 style assault rifle and three
handguns according to authorities he was
loudly spewing murderous hatred and
bigotry online and as he went into the
church apparently said something to the
effect of all Jews must die the guy's
social media accounts particularly a gab
calm had all sorts of white nationalist
memes he claimed Donald Trump's he
claimed Donald Trump was not a white
nationalist he would that he was a
globalist that he I'm hearing myself
come back whoever's got that's got to
turn it down
he claimed that Donald Trump was under
the was under the influence of Jews and
was basically a figurehead
was not doing enough to stop the caravan
that was coming of immigrants who are
represented a who represented a an
invasion an invasion arey force that was
driven by Jews now if that sounds
familiar to you that narrative that
narrative that there is a caravan in
fact this guy went in and on gab dot-com
he was repeatedly railing against the
Hebrew immigrant Aid Society highest I
guess which is a a Jewish refugee
advocacy group there is a fairly robust
tradition in Jewish Institute of Jewish
institutions that work on immigration
for I think fairly obvious reasons haze
was founded in 1881 there have been
various instances around the world where
Jews have had to leave countries because
of local repression haze has partnered
with the US government in the past to
help resettle refugees they initially
started as an organization that helped
Jews and expanded their their work to
just refugees writ large according to
this guy Bauer's he accused Hayes of
helping transport members of the migrant
caravans supposedly showing the
organizers a video that showed the
organism
members working at the us-mexico border
he he accused them of driving this
invasion and this is all on his own as a
gab profile he was hazed accused the
pace of working with the I think the
State Department and haze has actually
worked with the US government I imagine
the State Department to help resettle
refugees as part of the refugee
admissions program of course many of
those refugees are now we're down to
like literally five or eight thousand
that we're gonna allow into the country
this year because of Donald Trump's and
so-called nationalism but if the the
notion that this guy Bowers promotes
that the so called migrant caravan that
is walking through Mexico perhaps to the
United States there are plenty of these
caravans that we've had in the past all
you need to do is search caravans and
Tucker Carlson and you could see him
reporting on these over the past couple
of years all the different invasions
that we've had and amazingly we're still
here and I'm still speaking English and
we're not doing this to ham radio this
isn't this isn't a Red Dawn scenario but
apparently to this guy it was and if
you're wondering like where could
someone possibly get this idea or at the
very least they're not seeing this
validated anywhere are they like on Fox
News I've gotten so many email from
people who said don't call
cat caravan call it an invasion yes is
that fair
of course it is it is a full-scale
invasion by a hostile force and it
requires our president and our
commander-in-chief to use any means
necessary pause it for one second
now when Michelle Malkin says a
full-scale invasion from let's just
assume that we're talking about this
Caravan here of let's just assume
there's 4,000 people maybe less but
let's assume it's 4,000 and we have
heard in other clips from Seb Gore
saying that these are all that many of
them are military aged men they are
walking on foot many of them carrying
their toddler or elementary school-age
kids what does a full-scale invasion
look like does it include by land by sea
by air long-range weapons short-range
weapons because these folks have none of
it well they have the land part they're
walking they have no vehicles but this
is a full-scale invasion by a hostile
force a hostile force that wants to come
here and work here which is a weird
thing to imagine that being the number
one agenda of a hostile force but that's
what they are it's a full-scale invasion
hostile force like I like why wouldn't
you go grab some arms to fight this
right when is it been that the United
States of America have been facing a
full-scale invasion by a hostile force
full-scale by a hostile force and it
requires our president and our
commander-in-chief to use any means
necessary necessary to protect our
sovereignty the reason that I called my
book invasion 16 years ago was because
of article 4 section 4 of the
Constitution and people never talk about
this anymore the constitutional
imperative to provide for the common
defense promote the general welfare and
secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity the people who are
already here and and if that remains
troops on the border yes the problem is
of course that the troops because of the
Posse Comitatus Act can only serve in an
administrative support capacity it's
really a band-aid and underlying cause
is that the problem that the troops at
the border can't open fire on people
that's the problem
that's the problem that we have that the
troops can't fire they can only function
in an administrative function to these
hostile invaders who are involved in a
full-scale invasion you see where this
is going folks this is incidentally this
is that way Fox and Friends this is the
light show this is the morning show of
course is to finish the wall and to put
more Border Patrol agents on the border
and ranchers and families have been
calling for that for the three decades
that I've been covering this tape yes
three decades of just hyping and hyping
this and now we have a president who's
fully on board with the idea that we're
being involved in a full-scale invasion
supposedly right supposedly where could
this idea though so we have multiple
sources including some of the highest
echelons of a conservative thought and
Republican media in this country are
suggesting that we're suffering a
full-scale invasion from a hostile force
but where would where would someone get
the idea that this is maybe a function
of the Jews well I mean certainly it
lives in white nationalist lore the John
Birch Society has been saying this but
we're we're in popular we're in the
popular I guess culture could people get
this notion I got I got a piece here
this was written oh I guess a while ago
maybe a year or two ago about about
white nationalism and it's written by
gain a guy named Eric Ward he wrote this
in the public eye magazine in the summer
2017 edition I think he works at the
Southern Poverty Law Center now or he
did then and he's an African American
guy who in the course of working on
anti-racist activism went to undercover
at a weekend in 1995 and a convention
center in Seattle which was the sixth
annual preparedness Expo and it's
basically preparing people for political
and economic collapse and they you could
buy white nationalist classics like the
secret of the Federal Reserve in 52 and
from 67 the biological Jew and he writes
despite his blood-curdling anti black
racism at least some factions of the
white nationalist movement saw me as a
potential ally against their true
archenemy
apparently when in is a black separatist
and he told the the guys like I don't
shake white people's hands and this guy
he was talking to his like that's cool
they went to go hear jack machlin lamb
who was a Phoenix cop who ran an
organization called police against the
New World Order make a case for
temporary alliances with the blacks the
Mexicans the Orientals against the real
enemy the federal government controlled
by an international conspiracy you
didn't have to say who ran this
conspiracy because it was obvious to all
in attendance he goes on to write if I
had to give a basic definition of the
movement something I've been asked to do
formally and informally by folks who
have spent less time hanging out with
Nazis than I have my response today
would not be much different than it was
when I began to do this
nearly 30 years ago American white
nationalism which emerged in the wake of
the 1960s civil rights struggle and
descends from white supremacism is a
revolutionary social movement committing
to building a whites-only nation and
anti-semitism forms its theoretical core
now why would that be he writes to
recognize that anti-semitism is not a
sideshow to racism within white
nationalists spot this is particularly
white nationalist thought like Steve
Bannon
it allows us to identify the fuel that
white nationalist ideology uses to power
its anti black racism contempt for other
people of color and it's xenophobia as
well as the misogyny in other forms of
hatred it holds dear
and how does it do this what what
function does anti-semitism serve well
one it answers the question how could a
race of inferiors that being basically
people of color unseated the power
structure through organizing alone for
that matter how could feminists and
LGBTQ people have upended traditional
gender relations Muslims of one billions
of converts to Islam how do you explain
the boundary crossing allure of hip-hop
the election of a black president it's
some secret cabal some mythological
power that must be manipulating the
social order behind the scenes that's
what the Jews do for the white
nationalists they give an excuse for why
they are losing because they have been
stabbed in the back by people who have
snuck into the power structure and are
using all these other dupes as a way of
controlling things
Jews function he writes for today's
white nationalists as they often have
for anti-semites throughout the
centuries as the demons stirring and
otherwise changing in heterogeneous pot
of lesser evils
he writes that the second reason the
white nationalist anti-semitism must not
be dismissed at the bedrock of the
movement is an explicit claim that Jews
are a race of their own and that their
ostensible position as white folks in
the US represents the greatest trick the
devil ever played the Bible four
generations of white nationalists is to
Turner Diaries you may remember that
because that was basically the
controlling I guess structure of
everything not just Timothy McVeigh but
also Glenn Beck was operating under four
years and this is a dystopian novel by
the white supremacist leader William
Pierce
published under the pseudonym Andrew
MacDonald and this is where a soldier in
the white Revolutionary Army insists
that trying to finish the distinguish
the good Jews from the bad ones is
absurd the way some of our thicker
sculled good old boys still insists on
trying to separate the good ends from
the rest of their race he writes
contemporary anti-semitism then does not
just enable racism it is also racism for
the white nationalist imaginary Jews are
a race and the race that presents an
existential threat to whiteness anyways
this is the thoughts of this guy from a
theoretical standpoint I guess though
also based upon his his day-to-day
research with these people but where can
we see this notion that Jews are pulling
the strings I mean it's at least you
know it's like it's one thing that it's
it's confined to these sort of John
Birch pamphlets and elders of the
protocol of Zion
pamphlets that are out there purporting
to show the Jews are trying to tear down
great nations through immigration but
one couldn't see this traffic to let's
say on a daily basis except for one
was this last week sure look this is a
criminal involvement on the part of
these leftist groups this is Lou Dobbs
on Fox Business Network talking to this
guy from the Judicial Watch Chris
Farrell who apparently you know you
should know Fox has now said can't come
on our network sure look this is a
criminal involvement on the part of
these leftist groups it's a highly
organized very elaborate sophisticated
operation I have that from the highest
levels of the Guatemalan government
they're investigating those groups
criminally and I strongly urge President
Trump finitary General Sessions to do
the same here
a lot of these folks also have
affiliates who are getting money from
the Soros occupied State Department and
that is a very great concern you want to
start cutting money struck cutting money
there do you know it so in other words
let's just review here this guy has
sources at the highest levels of the
Guatemalan government who are telling
him that this is a very sophisticated
international cabal of people who are
orchestrating this what we were told by
Michelle Malkin on the light show on Fox
was that we're dealing with a full-scale
invasion of from a hostile with hostile
intent and the State Department's been
infiltrated by this demonized George
Soros who's also incidentally just
coincidentally this week targeted in a
bombing attack a would-be bombing attack
and this guy's out there promulgating
this stuff it's all part of the white
nationalist formula and this is what
it's getting trafficked on a daily basis
