you know I mean it's it's an interesting
piece you talk about Krista Phelan
Freeland or you sat down with her quite
a bit and which is always I enjoy I used
to occasionally would have a drink with
her after we would do hits on Dylan
Ratigan show really nice Canadian person
very nice and she you know has been on
this program multiple times in the past
and now it seemed like she was almost
the point person for trying to reach out
to America like you know middle
management I guess underneath Trump to
sort of you know educate and hopefully
they could manage upwards but that seems
to have failed that management upwards
let me just give us a sense because my
my take on Trudeau at least in the
context of this is that and there are
certainly reasons for for Canada to be
you know annoyed with the United States
in some respects but the that element of
of the NAFTA agreement the the the
corporate resolution part seems to be to
be not terribly helpful to either you
know country's populace right I mean a
hands oh it wouldn't what do you refer
to in the corporate resolution yeah not
the sunset clause that son Colette said
clause seems ridiculous who wants to get
into a deal that you have to re-up every
year or five years or whatever it is but
the dispute resolution mechanism where
you know it's a basically a corporate
tribunal gets to decide what kind of
environmental policies consumer policies
protection policies each country has I
think it's a bad thing and Trudeau seems
to be you know protective of that
anyways yeah in my lifetime so you know
I grew up in the 70s and as I say in the
piece which is that the New York Times
website I think I posted on my Facebook
page
always pumping for those Facebook Likes
damn you know that yes people like geez
Facebook page I'm surprised that you
were actually able to upload that stuff
but people should go and like his
Facebook page right now I'm really I'm
kind of given up on it but I'll just do
it just in honor of our past in that
regard the the you know Trudeau in my
lifetime his father was very much not
antagonistic but watchful cautious
skeptical of American power I mean you
know the Vietnam War like who won who
what who did history prove out on that
one right and again the Liberal Party in
the during the period of the rule of
jean-claude Chen who was Trudeau's
finance minister in the seventies and
became prime minister himself in the in
the 90s did not participate in the
invasion of Iraq for example and how's
that turned up historically there is
this kind of feverish element to
American politics usually involving
force and usually involving you know
basically the military-industrial
complex seeming to go on a profit spree
in this case I'm not sure that there's
or even that much of an irrational
rationale to this stuff it just seems to
be almost just purely it'd it Ito Freud
with projection whatever kind of
psychological term it seems to be
derived from the personality and the
sense of grievance of one person who
seems to represent a significant piece
of the American public significant
enough I think that all Republicans are
afraid of being primaried if they get a
mad right that kind of level right so
this is you know Christian Freeland is
the Foreign Minister of Canada or the
Minister of Foreign Affairs I should say
to get it right and she's a journalist
you know she's like part of my tribe I
know people that know her you know her I
know you dadada but you know she gave it
all up for this political life so I
guess if you come on the majority report
that means you get to be the foreign
minister somewhere I mean
all I can tell you is it happens I might
try to think which country I'm maybe
Weissenberg for me is I Australian I'm
an Australian citizen that's right yeah
hey that could be a job she's not like
just another journalist though she's
like a very intelligent unlike us and
you know multilingual Harvard in Oxford
not that that necessarily indicates
intelligence but she is a very smart
person but yeah she was trying to
convince middle management it's more
like upper management but everything
seems to be middle management that's not
named Donald Trump anymore right
everybody just seems to be taking their
orders from him you know what she said
in the piece and then I did not try to
induce her this is not one of those
scenarios where you sort of say well is
this like Hitler what do you think she
volunteered it right he started talking
about Hitler I didn't say you know does
this remind you of Nazi J what about
this whole a kind of charismatic
craziness it came unbidden and it came
in a very calculated and I think a
meaningful way like as in meaningful not
just that is full of meaning but it's
the the sense of urgency to it yeah I'm
not privy to all she's privy to like in
terms of you know how people talk in you
know having a drink with Wilbur Ross or
right or you know what's his Robert
light has er the United States Trade
Representative I don't know how this
socializes I only get to be the guy with
the tape recorder on and it's all very
aboveboard and everything but she does
seem alarmed and I mean not a little wow
that's scary I you know and I don't want
to scare people and I don't want to be
contribute to this whole kind of madness
cycle but there seems to be something
abroad so you know as I report in the
piece you know Wilbur Ross and light
Houser and these guys all say it's like
no big deal
I mean just I just was watching the news
on the weekend and there's Larry Kudlow
right right
that guy's like a TV talking head
right we just played yep yeah he's just
kind of like another kind of rammer I'm
a buffoon there he is behind the podium
I just kind of just stopped and looked
at them you know he's telling candidates
overreacting
I think the Canada after this many years
of alliance and trading and fighting in
Wars is entitled to its own opinion you
don't get to tell people what they're
allowed to think and how they were
allowed to react for Canada this is not
an insignificant thing and I think it's
true for all the other companies in the
g6 as its rapidly becoming well you know
you don't get to change the rules you
don't get to bully I mean this is the
fundamental thing that freeland keeps
saying is that a rules-based
international order isn't it isn't like
a abstraction it's not something that
you know people want because hey they
want human rights it's because it's a
deal
you can't just say for example you're
gonna buy someone's car you know they
don't get to take out all the radio the
tires and and the engine and say well
you know what screw here I do that
because I can give me my money it's like
a it's it's it's rules-based means
law-based means
predictable means you know an alliance
so am I talking too much here Sam I got
no no no actually I want I wanted to go
right into that like because she says
there are two related mega problems in
the world right now the first is the
rules-based order is under more strain
than any time since it was invented
after World War two I mean we refer to
that as I mean on some level norms but
it's a little bit higher level of I
guess it's a little bit more edified
than norms right now when I was a I was
a lawyer I went to law school for did
you even last a year I lasted a year yes
yeah I got all the way through and I
studied it in England and and my sort of
area of interest is you know now you get
much information about me but I got
interested in maritime law of all things
and the reason I got interested in it
because it's about international law the
sea space all these places are where the
laws of nations and the laws of man kind
of collide and you have a real kind of
complicated and fun to study as a kid
and research and think about set of
problems and issues and but what what it
really boils down to is that you know
ships passing the amount of coastline
that you have fishing all these things
are legal things but there are also
things that are really like profoundly
historical and one of the things that
disturbed me when it's a disturb me I
mean you know whatever it was an
observation one of the things I observed
is how the United States was singularly
lawless but I mean I'm not in the big
frame of things but in small frame
things and in the article one of the
things I write about is Brian Mulroney
was the Prime Minister of Canada
basically in the for most of the mid 80s
to the early 90s and he was this big
chin Irish blarney guy who was made it
like his number one job was to be
friends with Ronald Reagan and he
succeeded at that he got very
sentimental with Reagan and they'd sing
when Irish eyes are smiling together and
that had their wives and all this kind
of very sentimental very kind of friend
related relationship with United States
and Mulrooney you know sites in the
article these things these two treaties
wants to do with the Arctic sovereignty
and others to do with acid rain those
are both international law issues
they're kind of about sovereignty but
they're more about like soft sovereignty
like recognizing the rights of a smaller
country to something that you're doing
or you want and so yeah man you know
like this from Canada's point of view
this is that that kind of American
exceptionalism which was off
and been displayed in small form and
specific like rules about fishing or
shipping and who gets to pay insurance
and all that stuff has now become like a
hurricane America is now saying no laws
apply to us there are no laws will tell
you the law as and when we feel like it
and will use any pretext in this case it
was national security so Canada is now a
national security threat to the United
States because of its steel and aluminum
and soon because this is coming next for
cars and parts let me let me just just
explain to people if they don't know the
only way the president has the ability
to unilaterally increase these tariffs
is under a provision that that claims
that doing so is to protect against the
national security threat and so you have
to label Canada a national security
threat to argue that these tariffs that
you have the authority to unilaterally
raise these tasks alright well let me
just sort of it's sort of like an
analogy might be like you know you have
the right to protect your property right
so you know people can't come on and rob
you but this is like saying okay you're
a threat to my property so I'm gonna go
walk around town shooting people because
you might come onto my property right go
ahead well I'm but but so so Krista
Freeland had said there are two these
two mega problems one is that the
rules-based order is is under more
strain than any time since after it was
invited world war ii that is sort of
your analogy which i think it's super
apt that like when i sell you a car it's
implied that it's the radio that i saw
when I looked at the car and the tires
that I saw when I looked at the car and
you know the it's not imply Sam it's
explicitly provided you know that's the
point it's not there's not an
implication here it's like that's the
deal right that's the deal and then you
show up and you've taken the radio out
and you the car is on or he's got
cheaper tires and you're just like sorry
and that's this the way it's gonna be
give me the money or I'm gonna beat you
up essentially and then the the second
issue she said is authoritarianism which
she says it's starting to make gains on
democracy and that that one is both a
domestic it's or I guess maybe primarily
a domestic issue but you started you see
it bleed over into the international
sphere with that rules-based order sort
of being under the strain those two
things happening you know they're
related in that way so let me ask you
this when Donald Trump goes and I know
that you've had these conversations off
the record but let me just ask you maybe
you can cough once does does Ivanka come
up like this really not you know and I
think you know it's important to
understand that there's like you know I
say in the article and I think it's
really true it's like what isn't said is
so much more important than what is said
almost like I shouldn't say almost it is
there is you know when Donald Trump was
elected there was this sense of
disbelief and I don't need to share with
your listeners about how that happened
and you know we can unpack that for all
right you know for eternity Hillary
Clinton's campaign and right the
deplorable and data data but everyone
kind of knew it was going to be really
different and I think that's maybe why a
lot of people voted for Donald Trump
but this is what the different looks
like this is he spent a year essentially
trying to be a grown-up and has just or
shouldn't say grown up but what trying
to be he's had people like Rex Tillerson
around him or people who are sort of
status quo conservatives I think that's
gone
I just think thank on and and so yeah
everybody that I talk to
I'll tell you two things about one I
really I talk to you would think that
this is Caligula or that people are you
know everyone's afraid essentially and I
don't mean afraid as in you know like I
think Karen is standing up for itself I
think they're ready for it and I think
this is oddly enough going to be a
unifying issue for the Canadian people I
don't think that anybody in Canada
that's got you know a grain of common
sense thinks it's a good idea to start
caving to Donald Trump about this stuff
because it will never end right but
there there was a level of kind of don't
say anything about the Emperor which
which ironically enough probably singles
signals the end of the Empire because
she talks about that to this
authoritarian streak you know it's so
self-destructive right it's like put it
another way Mulrooney talked about the
unemployment rate being so low in
American prosperity being such a evident
fact at least relatively speaking you
know who responsible for that you know I
didn't I I won't weigh in on that but I
can tell you it's not entirely Donald
Trump's doing I don't believe that but
there's this fear of talking about Trump
in ways that would be provocative so
Ivanka would never come up you know well
nobody would ever say anything personal
it was much more much much much much
more about what they weren't saying well
all right so let me ask you this how
much when from the perspective of the
Canadians and you know I guess I'm also
curious about this in terms of the rest
of the world too and I and I but I
imagine there's some some clues in it
when Canada looks at the United States
like I think like many people in this
country feel like okay the rest of the
world is going to get the fact that
Donald Trump is an anomaly and that he
you know like people know right that's
not the dynamic right they they look at
this and they see Donald Trump is this
is indicative of a problem that's with
America yes that's exactly right there's
no there's no Mulligan on this there's
no do-over there's no hey
he's not my president there's no none
zero sense of he only speaks for the few
it's this is America right that's it man
there is no none of your listeners none
are excluded from this sorry to say and
I mean that I think that that applies is
going to you're going to see you start
to see it in personal lives you're going
to start to see it and travel and
shopping habits just you know they're my
piece went up on the website it's
actually not in the magazine until next
weekend but I urged my editors to like
put it up because I said look this is I
think this is going to blow up there was
so I I sort of knew that this was gonna
happen maybe a you know when you're you
know when you're inside political elites
it's been my observation you get to sort
of know the news maybe a week before
right maybe five days when you're in
journalism and you're actually inside a
circle you know this was like the
perfect kind of thing to report in a way
because it was like the Canadian foreign
minister who's thinking about that right
now like nobody ready right so I had it
all to myself which was cool
and but I could tell just the noises
that were being made by those around her
a couple three days ahead of the
announcement of the tariffs that they
could feel the winds changing and then I
could tell a couple three days ago I
mean it's amazing to think but it's only
like Wednesday or Thursday of last week
I was in Washington interviewing here on
Tuesday and in my business and the
magazine business this just never
happens like it was on the website on
Saturday morning right you know like
usually it's weeks months and and and
that's because the kinds of stories of
the New York Times magazine or other
like long-form non-fiction journalism
publications have is because you can
predict events you know you can know in
January that NAFTA is going to be
interesting in June and you can have a
thoughtful piece about it but this was
like Tuesday to Friday right so so they
were hinting to me that there was going
to be a big blow up on the weekend at
the g7 so they kind of knew but yeah you
know this like this is
America no this is not 50/50 this is not
you know when they go high we go low or
when we get Bigelow we go high this is
not relitigated 2016 this Canada does
not make a distinction in me when I say
that I I mean I mean to say that's a
very sophisticated government you know
and unless maybe less the political side
than the the sort of a permanent so
Canada has a Westminster system which is
and and the Minister talked about this
which is like a permanent civil class
may and they actually run departments so
you don't have all these every four
years you're swapping out different
kinds of right people you get you get
different ministers but the what would
they call the deep state is a thing in
Canada and it's a thing that people
really like well we have civil service
here too in in in you know but a much
higher level they're much much higher so
the appointed the appointed but she's
just ministerial you know it's the next
level of the assistant minister everyone
else around him or her is permanent I
mean it would be and so even when Trump
is gone this is still the same America
that elected Trump as far as they're
concerned and and maybe the next guy
maybe Obama but there's the analogy I
use the analogy okay
this is something I think everyone can
understand it's like a kid getting
beaten up at school and and and by
someone by a bigger kid okay so for that
bigger kid that becomes maybe something
they think about once in awhile as on
their conscience probably not it becomes
like they think oh well that kid was a
loser or whatever excuse they have for
it but for the kid who got beaten up
it's an everyday event because when's it
gonna happen again right how do I walk
to school what about the other kids did
they think I'm weak now too
I don't want to go to school there
anymore that's what it is that's the
emotional piece of it because it's not
the tariffs
it's the showing that you can do it
