we should play why don't we do this
let's start with this okay here is Rudy
Giuliani he is on Fox and Friends this
is yesterday and he is making the
argument and he's been brought on and
let's be clear he was brought on two
weeks ago to to basically he says
negotiate with Muller here he is on Fox
& Friends and we have actually two clips
they are we cut out one minute in
between them just to show how quickly it
took him to contradict himself he's
trying to argue that that that Coen
wasn't paid with campaign money and
therefore when Coen gave money to stormy
Daniels had nothing to do with the
campaign and here's this case if we had
to defend this as not being a campaign
contribution I think we could do that
this was for personal reasons
this was the president had been hurt
personally not politically personally so
much and and and the first lady by some
of the false allegations that one more
false allegation six years old I think
he was trying to help the family and I
for that the man is being treated like
some kind of villain and I think he was
just being a good lawyer so in a good
man so there were no campaign violations
because it was out of Donald Trump's
pocket that makes it nice and clear but
it wasn't for the campaign right it was
to save their marriage as much as let's
go okay so there it is it wasn't for the
campaign it was to save their marriage
and their reputation I have thought from
the beginning that this has always been
about a prenup deal with Melania where
she would get paid out millions if there
was some type of public proof or some
standard that was met in terms of him
having an affair but he says over and
over again it's personal not political
literally one minute later in that same
interview he says this couple million
bucks right so you say you're saying
that Stephanie Clifford made these
allegations told Donald Trump's lawyer
welcome
deny the public and denied them and that
said it wasn't true however imagine if
that came out on October 15th 2016 yet a
little of the you know last debate with
Hillary Clinton make it go away they
they made this home he didn't even ask
Cohen did it Cohen made it go away he
did his job right so I yeah there it is
one minute later you says what if this
comes out during the campaign yeah yeah
yeah yeah no you're absolutely right and
and that makes it political that is what
puts it in the hands of the US Attorney
but you know each time you hear it you
hear something difference like watching
a booming what it was
first of all Sam I thought about what
you say and I like that that hypothesis
of a prenup that's probably likely but
look why would I need to pay someone if
something is not true absolutely untrue
who does that I mean if he didn't know
the woman if he never had contact I mean
anybody could say Sam that they're in
the same room as you and I right now
they thought she was gonna pay him we're
going to pay him off that doesn't make
sense so to me paying her you're paying
her to avoid embarrassment embarrassment
for what for a lie she might tell or for
her telling something is actually true
you know I think one of the smallest
things smartest things that mother did
was give this to the Southern District
and and take it out of his purview per
se I mean I know he probably still has
his finger in the pie but remember Ken
Starr didn't do that he brought the
Monica Lewinsky and everything else over
with him
Moeller knowing that Trump may veer will
fire him was smart to to put it there
lastly would you just play with so
reckless on Chile on his part I'm
beginning to wonder if Giuliani is
flipped and is actually working for
Muller or this or the Southern District
I mean who needs friends who needs
enemies with friends like that is
unbelievable he is also unfair to say is
also unfair to people with dementia to
say that he has to mention people with
dementia don't criminally incriminate
their friends they may forget what time
it is where they parked car but they
don't go on fox and friend
say things to incriminate different so
it's really not fair to people with
dementia to say that well he um he's but
but but I mean that's super sloppy I
mean I understand the what he's trying
to do right he comes in and he says okay
he has a team and he probably sends it
to his his associates like what is where
is the potential liability and they now
have access to a lot of the stuff that
was taken from the Cowan raid a and then
B he must committed in and so he's got
that he must come in and say okay where
is our liability and what what can we
lie about and create a story around so
that it's not working and then he he
literally within a minute of making that
story out he goes on to prove and now
remember this is a guy who has already
been cited in a brief and a federal
court case that reversed the Muslim
banned because of what he said on TV
yeah Rudy do that's true that's a good
point yeah I actually forgot that I'm
glad you remind us that but also if this
would you just played and while we're
looking at lends credence to the
Washington Post reporting and I'm not
putting a lot of faith there normally
but they're saying no one else knew
about this that may make sense if in
fact company we got huddled together
privately and came up with a plan to
handle this in this way they'll make
pretty perfect sense because they
neither one of them is a mental giant
neither one of them is intelligent I
mean all you would need my
fifteen-year-old son was in the room be
like uh maybe y'all shouldn't do that
but if they D had no one else to
intervene and say that's probably not a
good idea to know better now now but
watch this they M may have agreed one
strategy but I believe Giuliani gets
over there at Fox and sits down with
Hannity and Fox and Friends
it's like he's at home he's sitting on
their sofa sofa and I think all of them
in that studio tend to forget that
they're actually people watching them
around the world they're so in their own
bubble and so much of a mutual
admiration society they get comfortable
oh yeah you know he's no man hey guess
what he probably thinking about watching
yeah he paid her he paid it and he
reimbursed Michael : what you don't say
that out loud so I think this puts him
very very very bad in a revocable life
we should also add that the NDA that
stormy Daniels had to sign you know to
not talk about the thing that didn't
happen also requested any other
subsidiary materials like tape
recordings or videos or written
documents of this event that never
happened
so it's a little bit suspect in that but
I think you're absolutely right about
they get into this bubble and you can
almost see like Hannity and Steve Doocy
nervous that they're asking the wrong
questions they don't want to ask the
question that they think they're asking
questions that will be helpful but they
worry now that they're asking questions
that are going to sort of a deeper hole
well we're just like the young lady on
Fox & Friends
she asked a very logical question at one
point it was a journalistic question I'm
exactly what it was but because she
asked that question and allowed him to
dig a deeper hole don't be surprised you
ought to get her name you may never see
her again because they may just cancel
her off the air it this this is amazing
in the last night
Hannity goes on his own show and rails
against the so-called mainstream media
for covering Giuliani's appearance on
his show like nobody was supposed to
watch that so again they think they're
in their bubble and that they should
just be left alone to being there but
the rest of us you're supposed to go
about our day or doop de doop to do
he didn't just admit that Trump was
fully aware and reimbursed Michael :
it's it's it's really an altered reality
an alternate universe and here is let's
play this clip of Donald Trump on the
White House lawn remember now this is
two weeks into to Rudy
being hired last night apparently Rudy
Giuliani told NBC News that you there is
no daylight between me and the President
on this we're on the exact same page and
then within 12 hours
started a day ago but he really has his
heart into it he's working hard he's
learning the subject matter he's going
to be issuing a statement do but he is a
great guy he knows it's a witch hunt
that's what he knows he's seen a lot of
them and he said he's never seen
anything so horrible as an example
33,000 emails requested by Congress with
the subpoena and they get burned they
get deleted and nobody says that is they
give me a break so so Rudy knows it's a
witch hunt
he started yesterday he'll get his facts
straight he's a great guy but what he
does is he feels it's a very bad thing
for our country yeah he started
yesterday he'll get his facts straight
and yeah he started a day go I don't
know what he meant by that with Giuliani
but I remember now the Giuliani I think
had a hand in releasing those made-up
questions that basem eyes yep from what
Muller gave them again that's to dull
their effect amongst their audience and
a mutual aberration so you know this is
it's really a crazy crazy I don't think
we've ever seen anything quite like this
is I mean you know Giuliani was able to
sort of ride his national image from
9/11 by repeating the words 9/11 over
and over again for really close to 80 or
nine years I mean do you think he's just
just completely outmatched when it on
the national stage I mean this is a guy
who never made it past New Hampshire but
everybody thought he was America's mayor
he he's he just he's just not that
bright but he definitely has a high
estimation of his of his intelligence it
feels like well you know if we really
wanted to get you know go Alex Jones we
would even say Rudy may not 11 happen
remember he
was despised in New York in every corner
before 9/11 with the police issues they
were going on as well a number of other
things 9/11 saved him so if we went down
the Alex Jones rabbit hole we'd say
anybody who benefited about who
benefited or something like this must
have done it right so I mean he
literally the 9/11 did Wolverine I did
it at the George W Bush and then all of
his agenda he rode that people you
people didn't want to mention his name
they couldn't stand the sight of him
remember when Abner Louima the Haitian
immigrant who was sodomized with a broom
handle by the New York police I don't
mean to be so graphic folks but I just
want to make a point when he was
sodomized with that broom handle
remember saying the police were chanting
is Giuliani time mr. Lonnie time is
Giuliani time that was the image of
Rudolph Giuliani if it had been for 9/11
he literally would have not been really
really fitting in the public eye and he
wouldn't have been the faux celebrity on
Fox News that he is now yeah absolutely
I think people definitely forget that
and they also forget the fact that he
had you know a basically a Love Shack
overlooking the yellow overlooking the
the the site and I would also say he had
put the command and control in World
Trade seven tower seven because he was
also reportedly using that as a Love
Shack and didn't want it in Brooklyn
despite the fact that his top advisors
had said you got to put this in Brooklyn
because you put it downtown
you're you know in 93 there was an
attempted there was a bombing at the the
trades and so you wouldn't player worse
but he wanted it in that building under
uh incidentally was just one other thing
now keep in mind he wouldn't have been
that Darcy he's he's come back to the
dead twice he he always talks about
Hillary Clinton he's fortunately let him
do that he let his own base down the
Republicans anointed him to take out
Hillary Clinton he was supposed to get
that center seat but because of the very
Love Shack you just mentioned he
disqualified himself
Clinton became a senator because Rudy
Giuliani presuming he might have been
able beat her she became a senator
because of his faith and so whatever
Frankenstein they think Hillary Clinton
was Giuliani helped enabled it I had
forgotten about that yeah it's about a
right yep I remember never look it and a
Love Shack killed in Rudy Giuliani is
the gift that keeps giving and I think
you know the real question is I wonder
how much longer he's going to be able to
you know at one point is there anybody
in the White House left to to tell
Donald Trump like hey he's actually
getting you in hotter water now because
there was a report I guess today Donny
Deutsch on Morning Joe said Cohen told
him I guess they have breakfast together
occasionally that Giuliani doesn't know
what he's talking about and so it seems
like there's just gonna be so many
different stories that are gonna be out
there and this may confuse things with
Donald Trump's base but at the end of
the day this is going to come down to
you know a report by an investigator I
don't think they can indict them but the
you know this is there's gonna be
somebody's telling a lie here yeah well
you know on old adage of cliche as I was
saying about it yesterday that has kind
of governed my thought in moments like
these is the old saying there is no
honor amongst thieves these guys for
whatever reason even when Trump calls
them whatever they're getting out of it
whether it's a check well there's some
notoriety to say I was involved in the
case come in long enough do it even if
you don't stick around you get whatever
you get out of it and there's they all
use him he pretty soon he's not going to
be able to trust any bad it's gonna be
just like Nixon he's gonna be paranoid
and alone in the White House because
none of this none of this makes any
sense
it is you know if this makes Nixon
Nixon's behavior look like a paper cut
and as far as indictment is concerned I
mean I think that is a long shot but I'm
a changed I'm saying I think it's hard
time and I hope Mook Miller is listening
to challenge that it's really never been
brought to a challenge they were about
to do with Clinton let's be clear if
Clinton had not gone on ahead and been
willing to testify testify via video not
only were gonna subpoena him they were
gonna try to find a way to indict him
Clinton just avoided all of that so they
would do it to one of ours but one of
ours make a Democrat or one of one of
ours
right so they won't hesitate so for them
that if anybody has a sailor speculate
it shouldn't be tested here you know I
think we need to reconsider that and how
is it then anybody can be completely
above the law that just doesn't make
sense and I think even the so-called
founding fathers themselves with just
like I think they would reconsider the
second amendment they would reconsider
anything that would allow a president
not to face any type of charge or
scrutiny because the very nature the
Congress is political they have the
majority so they're not going to go to
impeach if they if we don't have
two-thirds in the Civic Senate they're
not going to remove but but these this
behavior is egregious he's flaunting it
in front of our faces
he's he has no remorse he's just like
I'm gonna do whatever I want to this is
the same man you said I go and shoot
somebody little Fifth Avenue get away
with it and that's precisely what he's
doing now metaphorically but I mean
isn't it I mean but let me just because
I tend to think that we should not have
a situation where you have presidents
who can be indicted while they're in
office beyond the process for indictment
which is called impeachment and and and
I agree with you it's not going to
happen with the Republicans but that
doesn't have to be I mean that is a
failure of Republicans of anything you
know I feel like the founding fathers
would say why do you guys still only
have 435 Congress people yeah you know
like yeah you need to have three times
that amount so that there's a certain
amount of accountability if any of these
chumps don't actually say like hold this
guy to account and right right I mean I
don't know what I'm saying is you're
right I mean there are ways to do it and
probably certain thresholds I mean but I
mean for God's sake if a president
somebody in here would we really not
want something done I mean I will have
to be certain high crimes and I think
what he's committed into high crime not
talking about necessarily stormy Daniels
peace but I mean colluding with another
country to be and and really and not be
honest with you I don't know whether
collusion is the right word you know I
I'm employed by Sirius XM I'm not
colluding with Sirius XM Donald Trump
may very well have a w-2 from Moscow and
and mother's gonna find it it's okay
even maybe a full-blown agent so do you
think that's the case well you know III
don't want to lend too much credence to
some of the stuff you see on internet
but if you look at the timeline they
they were cultivating him for a while
and I think they knew they could I don't
think this is just a matter of
coincidence I think the way Putin
operates he probably knew and they
probably knew the KGB or GRU whatever
it's called they probably knew hey we
can probably cultivate this guy make it
look like we aren't and he won't know
the difference and then the goal is he's
still expendable because if the goal is
to create chaos in our country and in
our government they've essentially
accomplished that and the chaos gets
worse every single day and Putin can sit
back in his easy-chair and just laugh
all the way home he got to the price of
one he hated Hillary he knocked her out
and now he has somebody who is at worst
a puppet at best a buffoon there's gonna
cause a government to fail in office so
you know they want and in fairness hey
the CIA has done this CIA has gone in
other countries as we all know a
manipulated political outcomes and
whatnot you know we're not we're not
tearing this in fact you remember Trump
has said that him so how many people CIA
is killed you know so you know and
remember what he said yeah and I mean he
pretty much admitted me all know that I
mean we like to pretend as if we're pure
so you know I've even said sometimes
those chick
in its a quote Malcolm X sometimes those
chickens do come home to roost and maybe
that's a part of the thing too this is
another chicken has come home to roost
and food has managed to fully explore it
and take full Avenger
that's very possible there's a bunch of
guys at Langley herd is gone we have had
a failure of imagination for years we
would have never ever done something
this audacious where we would take a
total and try and make the
president of another country we always
look for some baseline of competency
because who would have ever happened but
