let's just move just you know give us a
slight preview in terms of what you've
started to see as you travel around the
country because it feels to me like
you're constantly traveling around the
country what what are you seeing like
like there's we're definitely it feels
to me like we're seeing in spa in
specific places where you're seeing
progressives the left of the party the
DSA winning in spot areas you know
obviously and talk about that and also
talk about what are now that we you know
have basically got all the federal
primaries done what are Democrats
running for Congress what are they
running on that part's easy they're
running almost entirely on health care I
mean it's one of my one of my beefs
frankly with the people who do not know
you don't really travel around the
country is expensive it takes a lot of
time and maybe as a dog or kid you want
to take care of thank you don't don't
need to keep traveling if you just watch
the ads candidates candidates are
putting out their watch on YouTube or
the campaign sites Democrats are talking
all the time about health care a little
bit about corruption so I mean to the
extent Donald Trump comes up it's Donald
Trump and Republicans tried to take away
your health care they tried to screw you
if you have a freezes condition etc etc
vote for the Democrat I mean there's an
ad today that's going around a bit by
ELISA flocking who is not the most
left-wing candidate could have run in
this district it's kind of around
Lansing Michigan
but her 60-second ad is about how her
mother had had cancer she understood the
importance of health care she decided to
run after Republicans tried to repeal
the ACA and I've seen ads of that flavor
everywhere I've gone and so they'll
it'll talk a little bit about holding
Trump accountable but they're a little
bit scared of their own shadows here
don't want to be accused of being the
impeachment party maybe I think that's
wise river it isn't what's more striking
is that Republicans are kind of running
against every Democrat like they're
crazy less wing
Nancy Pelosi clone whatever instant you
want to use something I've noticed too
is they're running it's everybody on
Medicare for all
framing it as the Democrat wants
Medicare for all which would take your
grandma off insurance you know how Trump
said the other day your choice between
Medicare or socialism they're doing that
more and they're also doing the people
who are not actually for Medicare
trustees against candidates who
explicitly said they want like a
Medicare public option buy-in and the
ads will say they want destroy Medicare
so there's a lot more I mean which party
is more frenzied I'd say that the
Republicans are kind of grasping for a
message and one thing to is a constant
knock on Democrats is no one knows their
messages where they are not talking
about this well one the cannister of us
all the time everything we talked about
a lot is the you know this kind of
ridiculous lawsuit against the
Affordable Care Act saying that because
the mandate has been undone by one tax
bill the whole law should be destroyed
I say ridiculous I'm quoting like you
know libertarian attorneys that lawsuit
they're talking about that all the time
too you know maybe not every lot of the
better deal plan that they have the
collection of policy ideas yes it is not
like on the lips of everyone in the
country is not and discussed like the
contract with america things like that
but republicans have an agenda called
better off now and i've never heard
anybody talk about it like that House
Republicans are just completely unable
to get able to pay attention to what
they're doing in Congress II to the
extent sometimes you this creeps up and
Paul Ryan's press conferences were the
very sardonically jokes that I'm sure
you're all going to cover
he'll start mentioning some bill that no
one's gonna write about part of that's
because you know House bills this tax
cut they're trying to pass now it's
basically dead in the Senate I love what
they do is not going to pass anywhere
but part of they just can't get their
stuff covered so well the parties in a
similar position were the stuff they
would love everyone to talk about it's
not really making news the Democrats are
pretty coherently talking about health
care and really if you just sat down
watched ten minutes of ads around the
country you'd find
every Democrats talking about that is
that just a function of like the the I
mean because it's it's it's funny in a
way because there's doesn't seem like
there's ever been a more ripe time to
talk about corruption and sort of you
know it's it just seems a
counterintuitive or is it just that like
that's so obvious that all those people
are interested in that are already on
board like that's not me but is is the
talking about health care talking what
what's behind that I mean what is your
sense of how that's being heard I think
it is being heard so people paid a lot
of attention when Republicans tried to
repeal the ACA right and it was not
entirely clear to people what there in
place with uh there's a cut Swagger's
probably discussed this it surprises me
in some ways like in the last day both
Steve Scalise and Paul Ryan has said if
we are elected we're going to take
another run at repealing replace the ACA
and what follows is often a little bit
confusing because it's we're gonna
replace it we're gonna you know own the
libs oh by the way we're gonna save
everything about it that you said is
that you like freezers conditions and
Medicaid expand the less like what the
quote that matters is we're going to
take another run for healing that so
it's setting up for Democrats are
talking about you're saying it unless
you want another Congress that will try
to repeal the health care bill please
vote for us and at this point that is
the that's the winning message I mean so
much of they're surprised that that has
become a winning message what's
happening in the Senate I mean the
there's a real sense I get it seems to
me that Mitch McConnell feels like
there's a definite possibility they
could lose the Senate I mean and and I
you know I don't think he's counting on
that but he certainly by you know
keeping the session open in October
wanting to ram through as many judges as
he could it strikes me as he thinks that
this is a
he's hedging his bets a lot of what are
you doing and he says that is kind of
sending the alarm to donors so one
dynamic I've seen is that the super PACs
designed to help save the House
Republicans have raised a ton of money
the Senate super PAC is not and that's a
reversal 2014 where Republicans said oh
the house is fine but we might be able
to take the Senate this year correctly
so I think part of what he's doing is
not not that I would ever accuse him of
being cynical but that he's he's saying
hey for rich we actually need more help
than we thought in these races and
that's true but they are worried though
because they have it's not false though
they have polling of the light over the
last week polling goes back and forth
but you know they've seen what it looks
like when you're kind of taking command
of a race and that's not been happening
recently and they were hoping by this
point you know bill Nelson would be nail
to the wall and Claire McCaskill be
nailed to the wall and joe Manchin
everyone in kind of a trump state that
has obviously the safe Trump states in
Florida that's who I always divide them
between the Obama trunk Trump states
which are totally safe right now for
Democrats and the Romney Trump states
the Montana and whatnot and just like
they're not in command anywhere they're
doing okay in North Dakota but not great
they're losing Nevada and Arizona and
they are legitimately worried about
Texas and Tennessee like maybe they come
back to the hole in the end but those
voters just have no have no recent
precedent for actually losing so yeah if
I can make a tangent I mean I see it all
the time and I'll tweet some poll and
the first five responses or mega folks
being like yeah well the polls are wrong
in 2016 just like this extreme whatever
the opposite of Chicken Little is this
big chicken chicken large I guess like
of course you just say what it say you
ever in certain size sky is falling and
completely not shut up you guys are
wrong in 16 they have to deal with that
to an extent but I mean a big part of it
all these races it's one of my favorite
weird factoids that Obamacare
lawsuit I mentioned too
Republican Senate candidates in red
states are on that lawsuit
Josh Hawley and Missouri Patrick Morris
in West Virginia and they're both
dramatically underperforming whether
they thought they would be and Democrats
will tell you that's that's the lawsuit
I mean that's Amit McCaskill and Manchin
cannot stop talking about it it's
interesting as a reporter to cover this
because you know news and stuff that
just happened so it's not new that you
going to admit Missouri two months ago
and you went there now
I guess we'll still talk about previous
condition it's not new they're doing
that but it's really been effective and
Republicans cannot really find a way
around it because they still want to get
rid of the thing did Manchin put out a
lawsuit where I mean an ad where he
shoots the lawsuit a la his yeah Wow
it's it's funny because the way that
you've ever seen a legal document the
way they're written like the first page
is like a list of the plaintiffs in the
defendant so in order to make it look
more like a like a what it is there's a
big red stamp on it that's his legal and
I don't care a lawsuit there you go but
yeah he shoots that and he's like I hate
a crappy poetry I hate this and that's
actually I mean Manchin has this way if
it Republicans being who were honest a
year ago would tell you they were more
worried about beating him than a lot of
guys in in bluer states because he's
just a very good politician and I think
that he he crystallized in the best way
what's different is yep I was a I've
killed bad bills when they were
Democrats reading them and I want to
kill the sad one Republicans are writing
and it's the details of Republican let
loose lawsuit and their legislation that
are really really devastating well so
what do you think the chances are of the
Democrats taking the Senate at this
point I'd say you know slim like 10 to
20 percent they need they need to hold
their own everywhere they can afford to
lose maybe in North Dakota but nothing
else and they need to pick up Arizona
and Nevada and that would actually the
Arizona Nevada and Texas that would do
it and that's very hard that's very hard
I mean like everyone's basically right
Alabama whatever I think so Joan it
elevated us from totally impossible to a
1020 percent chance of happening and so
they're pretty I feel pretty good I mean
I see Democrats feel better about
winning Nevada than they do holding
holding North Dakota so that if they did
both certainly they could pull this off
but it's tough I mean and I a lot of
chatter in DC is not really tied to
anything the people's moods the sense of
it aside to polls they just feel like by
this point in 2014
Democrats are starting to fall apart in
a lot of key races and then there are a
few at the end that broke against them
like at the very end North Carolina
broke against them at the Colorado
didn't come back snap back fast enough
they're they're worried about a couple
of those situations where just the
candid did not have his stuff together
mister just fascinating too because it's
one it's you've got the kind of class of
consultants from around Josh Hawley who
are just really snarky and keep trying
to make the issue that like Claire
McCaskill is husband is rich and she
flies around the plane which first time
I heard that like I don't know a
Republican voters seem to be pretty
happy with guys who own planes and we're
not worthless Conejo like they've not
really caught they've also attacked her
for like she's voted against the
judicial nominees and the fact that
Cavanaugh didn't really blow anybody
away makes it easier for her to vote
against them they just not really late
they just for behaving as if it's still
2016 and you got a 20-point advantage
which I don't think it's been the case
all right let me ask you about that
how much salience does Cavanaugh have in
these things I mean like you know is are
the Democrats you know his heidi
heitkamp feel like she has to vote for
Brett Kavanaugh and if so why I mean is
there like does that come up on the
campaign trail yeah although irony if
you look at it is every every Democrat
voted for Gorsuch none of them are
amused it didn't help any of them with
an attack I mean the advantage of God is
that the Democratic base still wants to
organize turnout for them because it's
alternative between somebody who votes
against you 30% and sony was against the
hundred percent of the time right but
yeah
campin Mansion and Donnelly voted for
Gorsuch and problems are like thanks
we're still going to try to beat you
beat you a bit your ass so the same
thing is going to happen I think the
questions always been if Cavanaugh
became so untenable to even columns and
Murkowski vote against them then they
vote against him if he's gonna Pat if
he's going to be on the court anyway
they're gonna say all right well he had
51 votes now he has 53 or 54 it's just
been the way that it's played out just
Cavanaugh has I bet if he's you know
negative one popularity around the
country he's probably like plus five
plus six in a Missouri but he's not like
a voting issue people are not clamoring
to vote for people to vote there's
actually more evidence that people have
punished senators for voting for a bad
nominee I mean Arlen Specter I'm losing
in 1992 because he voted for Clarence
Thomas is a good example now Clarence
Thomas became much of a bigger field and
Cavanaugh did right yeah I don't see it
I don't not turn a hand wave away
everything but um they got it's only a
couple of red state senators who already
voted for Gorsuch and so like the sunk
cost there is look if I go home and say
this is a this is a the way I vote you
know president deserves choice the guy
didn't murder anybody
I voted for him they think that's going
to help them with some voters who were
like well I like Trump but she's not
trying to dismantle everything he does
so I'm fine but that's not I mean that
this might be the kind of luxury proof
that just doesn't matter anymore like
you can behave like a compromising
candidate unless you're unless you're
Joe Manchin you still can't win it's
it's a big question because it's in the
long run how does anything progressive
ever get done again you need you know
say 51 52 Democratic senators you need
to ideally get them by 2021 get them in
place you in order to do that you can't
lose the Senate by too much so that's
why Schumer gets crap from people but
he's playing the long game he's like
look it's a whatever it takes for these
people to get reelected this year if
they're unique if you if you're in a
situation at the election where we're
down to like 40
45 Senate seats then you know president
Warren or whatever next time
she is not gonna have anything we
already have it we're going to have a
Senate that does not vote for any of her
judges which seems like a problems right
so they're kind of up against the wall
and I guess the degree of sympathy you
have for these people for the Schumer's
of the world is if you think it's a if
you think that's they're playing the
strumming strategy right great if you
think that they're idiots and they need
to be on offense all the time and that's
what voters respect then you're going to
say tumors tumors are but he isn't
he is pretty universal support inside
the conference everyone kind of agrees
that he's doing the right thing
oh is that right because I'm I think I'm
in that latter camp I think within the
conference with his own zone colleagues
they're like yep just leave these guys
alone let them let them may be hope for
Cavanaugh they need to interesting I
mean if you BEC have a couple steps so
fear at the start of the process is that
there'd be a Supreme Court nominee and
it'd be popular and Democrats like even
Kennedy evolved one would be under
pressure to vote for the guy and that
just didn't happen in six the guys kind
of a just not that impressive hasn't
captured the country's attention it has
not been a killer issue for Republicans
like I thought it might alright lastly
bait O'Rourke in Texas what are the
chances it's still I'd say like same
thing is sent over all like a 10 20
percent chance
I mean Cruz again running this kind of
goofy campaign so if you're Cruz you
could say hey I'm I'm the senator
represents the +10 Trump state Trump's
president he's doing a good job
taxes are low etc he's not doing a he's
just trying to disqualify O'Rourke by
saying maybe he's a thing of the second
TV ad about the Pledge of Allegiance
which is not the thing about that issue
that's not clear that it's an issue that
moves people I think I'm sure they have
some polling that says it does but where
work has been thriving despite it so
Cruz might run in a bad enough campaign
I might run a good enough one where it
went reminds me a little bit of um you
know 2006 Tennessee Senate race with
Harold Ford where he came within
two points of winning very different
campaign very different candidate
strategy I can't wait until I'm annoyed
that bate O'Rourke for being Evan Bayh
but I guess we will have to wait for
that to happen anything else that you
think we should know at this point in
the race uh no that's basically it I
mean I'd say just Republicans are
signaling to the donors that they're in
more panic than they are but they are
worried the way they didn't think they'd
be a year ago they they don't feel
everything following falling away from
them but I'd say the number one reason
for paranoia on their side is if you
told them we're going to be heading into
the election with you know 4%
unemployment and steady economic growth
they would have said okay well then
we're going to hold the house and the
fact that they're currently on track to
lose the house with that makes them
think everything could fall apart so
that's that's undergirding a lot of the
their strategy and their and their
nervousness at the moment interesting
Dave waggle thank you so much for coming
on
tell your handlers at the CIA that I
appreciate it
folks can folks can get your your your
newsletter the trailer we'll put a link
to that in in today's podcast
description thanks so much I really
appreciate it okay tell that guy you're
on a phone call
