remember a couple of weeks ago we
actually talked about this much more
extensively on TM vs there were a couple
of small drones that were packed with
explosives now in an apparent attempt to
assassinate nicolas maduro the president
of venezuela going back for the entirety
of the trump administration there have
been comments like a year ago when Mike
Pompeo was the head of the CIA quite
openly talking about regime change Rex
Tillerson when he was Secretary of State
spoke out of both sides of his mouth on
one hand saying that they wouldn't
support a coup but at the same time
saying when the military sees things
being so bad they look to things like a
peaceful transition whatever that means
Donald Trump has spoken regularly about
why there hasn't been regime change in
Venezuela he said it both publicly and
privately and we already know that the
Venezuelan government of Maduro which I
think you know intellectual honesty does
in this case require us to say has very
much created its own failings okay
unfortunately some of them do go back to
Chavez but they've been accentuated
under Maduro and there was always a
really mixed record and trajectory to
the venezuelan the Bolivarian revolution
we'll touch on that in a second but that
being said and Nicolas Maduro has said
the United States is trying to instigate
a coup here he was mocked by foreign
policy Pro John Oliver and now
shockingly enough and if I may
and this is gonna come as a real
surprise to the John Oliver writing
staff I don't know why I pick on John so
much but I mean look this is just so
ridiculous the idea that you wouldn't
take seriously what administration
officials were saying themselves and
going back to the and we'll go to Bush
and Obama in a second but the New York
Times reports over the weekend that the
Trump administration has had secret
meetings with rebellious military
officers from Venezuela over the last
year to discuss their plans to overthrow
President Nicolas Maduro according to
American officials and former Venezuelan
military commander who participated in
the talks establishing a clandestine
channel with coup plotters in Venezuela
was a big gamble for Washington given
its long history of covert intervention
across Latin America many in the region
still resent the United States for back
in previous rebellions clues and plots
in countries like Cuba Nicaragua Brazil
and Chile after turning a blind eye for
abuses of the military regimes committed
during the Cold War so the dialogue took
place with military officers in
Venezuela it's really important to note
that the sanctions regime that we have
on Venezuela is obviously along with
decision-making by the Venezuelan
government and also by the oligarchs in
Venezuela are doing two things they're
targeting on the economic activities of
the population there's always the theory
here that if you squeeze and you hurt
people enough there will be
dissatisfaction with government that's
part of what we're doing with the coup
without with targeted sanctions the
other part of the US sanctions regime is
almost micro-targeted to disrupt the
businesses and the influence of the
military to help facilitate a military
intervention and there's no doubt that
the military has always been a major
part of the Bolivarian government Chavez
came from the military he initially
tried to gain power in a left military
action which was failed which failed he
was then elected to the presidency
democratically in the late 90s and there
were those two trajectories from the
start he
used on public he used nationalization
and other we'll get to that tweet in a
second that's perfect to nationalize
industries he definitely cut poverty he
created kiri distributive policies
during his time he also concentrated
power he also clearly did and engaged in
some legitimate and well documented
human rights abuses he also clearly did
not create a political culture with a
good enough successor right and like a
sort of broader training to keep a
political project going and he rode to
some extent and oil and commodity boom
that wasn't set up for sustainable
trajectory and I'm a quote now this is
actually from Noam Chomsky in 2017
speaking to Amy Goodman she s what about
Venezuela Noam Chomsky says Venezuela is
really a disaster situation the economy
relies on oil to a great probably
greater extent than ever in the past
certainly very high and the corruption
robbery and so on has been extreme under
the under the especially after Chavez's
death so it's I mean if you look at it
it still has if you look at say the UN
Human Development Index u Venezuela
still ranks above say Brazil so it's
fine there are hopes and possibilities
for Reconstruction and development but
the promise of the early years has been
significantly lost so that's the
political context we're in and of course
from a simple you know is simply
perspective obviously we would have to
oppose and should oppose all US efforts
and interventions to destabilize and
undermine the Venezuelan government
which are ongoing in 2002 and there's
mixed reporting on this some documents
that were released actually suggested
the Bush administration warned off the
coup plotters but certainly there was a
48-hour coup literally in 2002 which
temporarily removed Hugo Chavez from
power
the New York Times after it happened
praised the coup and the Bush
administration immediately recognized
the coup government it was overturned by
popular sentiment and Chavez was
literally flown back to the palace by
military officers who
supported him in maintaining at that
time what was indisputably his
Democratic hold on power
there was a piece from The Guardian
though back during during but was
reported in 2010 that set of failed coup
and Venezuela was closely tied to
officials in the US government the
observer is established
they have long history in the dirty wars
in the 1980s and links to death squads
working in Central America at the time
and basically what it shows is that
Venezuelan coup plotters met with US
officials in the Trump administration
including Elliott Abrams and Otto Reich
Otto Reich is a right-wing Cuban I'm
quoting again from The Guardian Otto
Reich is a right-wing Cuban who under
Reagan ran the office for public
diplomacy in it reported in theory to
the State Department but Rice was shown
by congressional investigators to report
directly to Reagan's national security
aide Colonel Oliver North in the White
House course callin Colonel north of
iran-contra and for me Rice also has
close ties to Venezuela and was made
ambassador to Caracas in 1986 his
appointment was contested by both
Democrats in Washington political
leaders in Latin America the objections
were overridden as Venezuela sought
access to the US oil market the United
States and Venezuela have non exchange
ambassadors since 2010 the Obama
administration aggressively ramped up
sanctions against Venezuela as well and
the military peace matters because
there's no doubt that the military is
involved in drug smuggling and other
sort of key underground industries which
help prop up different informal and you
know black market networks and the
Venezuelan government obviously we know
of course the Trump administration u.s.
foreign policy makers of could I don't
even know if to say they could care less
about human rights abuses or connections
to drug trafficking would be inaccurate
they might even prefer you know I in
fact they clearly would prefer military
people from the military who would be
less hostile to u.s. foreign policy but
we're still involved
in those areas in those human rights
abuses and the people that they were
meeting with according to the Times
reporting were heavily implicated by the
State Department all of those activities
that we just outlined so I'll just quote
again briefly from the from the report
one of the Venezuelan military
commanders involved in the secret talks
was hardly an ideal figure to help
restore democracy as if this is the goal
he is one of the American he is on the
American government's own sanction list
of corrupt officials in Venezuela he and
other members of the Venezuelan security
apparatus have been accused by
Washington of a wide range of serious
crimes including torturing critics
jailing hundreds of thousands of
political prisoners wounding thousands
of civilians drug trafficking and
collaborating with the Revolutionary
Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC which
is considered a terrorist organization
by the United States American officials
have eventually decided not to help the
plotters and the coos plot was stalled
but the Trump administration's
willingness to meet seven times several
times with mutinous officers intent on
trouble toppling a president in the
hemisphere could backfire politically I
would say to say the least it could
backfire and also we don't know the this
report is that those meetings took place
and then talks broke down for a variety
of reasons there still was that bizarre
attempt of a couple of weeks ago which
the Venezuelan government has pointed
their finger directly at Colombian
involvement and it might link to some
right-wing networks in Miami so there's
really no all we know out of this
reporting is that those meetings took
place and there's clearly a strong US
interest in a coup in Venezuela there is
no reason to think that just because
talks might have broken down with a
particular network of military officers
that there aren't other tracks ongoing
and there isn't a keen interest in that
policy marco rubio has been instigating
um against Venezuela as well and that
sort of obviously ties to the far-right
sort of Cuban Floridian politics which
is another important part of the peace
here
I'll just quote one more this is from a
top-level diplomat who served in the
Obama administration there are
differences of opinion
miss aponte the former top latin
american diplomat under mr. obama there
are people in who you know who had a lot
of faith in the idea that they could
bring about celeb stability and help
distribute food and work on practical
stuff but others including miss upon
take who saw a considerable risk in
building bridges with leaders of a
military than in Washington's assessment
has become a pillar of the cocaine trade
and human rights abuses so you see
what's happening here right there are
legitimate criticisms to have of the
Venezuelan government and people who
won't make those criticisms aren't being
real about a full assessment of the
situation but the u.s. foreign policy of
interest in a coup and sanctions
packages that are designed to instigate
a coup will literally empower and
directly inform a rise to power of the
very factions of the present Venezuelan
power structure that are most profoundly
implicated in the things that we pretend
that we don't like so what will happen
if there is a rightward us-backed coup
in Venezuela right now is there will be
maybe a change in terms of what cocaine
distribution networks were involved in
because maybe it will move to rightward
cocaine distribution networks and away
from the FARC but cocaine smuggling
doesn't just stop and cocaine smuggling
is not a political project it's
literally the business of the Venezuelan
military and it is a creaky transport
hub from Colombia to ports in trinidad
and tobago as an example the human
rights abuses of suppressing and
silencing critics and so on you think
that's going to stop because there's a
different name of a Venezuelan
government and do you think that the
oligarchs who have hated Chavez and
Maduro for all of the wrong reasons for
particularly under Chavez delivering
some key resources to the poor and doing
some signal
again traversals to Venezuelan
inequality these people are gonna all of
a sudden keep the social gains that were
available for a brief moment in the
boulevard revolution and they're gonna
stop the human rights abuses and
structural issues in the military I mean
if you think this obviously you're
living in a fantasy land and if you
think that u.s. foreign policy makers
care about human dignity in Latin
America you know less than nothing so I
mean I look I don't think I think just
the conclusion is is that don't dismiss
medoras trash in many ways but they're
not lying about what the u.s. is up to
and that was obvious to anybody who knew
anything and the alternatives that will
come through a military coup will
empower undoubtedly the most retrograde
parts of this power structure and D
legitimize and destroy and probably wind
up killing and putting in jail what
small remnants remain of progress of
what came out of what was once really a
very promising political experiment
which unfortunately was fought from the
beginning but again and the relative
politics of Venezuela in Latin America
if you had a left perspective you would
at the very least would be sympathetic
and interested in what Chavez was
attempting while being skeptical of his
obvious authoritarian tendencies from
the beginning so here's the question
yeah if we had a foreign policy based on
say human rights and not capitalist
imperialism is there anything we could
do to make the situation better or it's
the only thing to do just to keep our
hands off well I mean I think there's no
doubt if they didn't have economic
sanctions it wouldn't be as pressured
right like I mean if you had resources
flowing it wouldn't be as pressured I
also know I think they had to pull him
back but Cuba helped them as well a lot
when they they sent doctors and other
medical professionals there during the
Chavez era which really helped like ramp
up their health services Cuba's quite
advanced in that area
so maybe we could do things like that
it's amazing to see the u.s. so it has
these muscles that built up during the
Cold War and you just can't help itself
anytime there's a situation like this
you know that there's meetings taking
place to run those same plays basically
exactly and here's a good example of it
Richard Haass is the head of the Council
on Foreign Relations and it very much
you know sort of mainstream foreign
policy Mandarin and you know a guy that
I'm sure is you know quite upset that
the president is a mental case he
tweeted out for those here and in the
region who will be quick to criticize
the administration for this I ask you
what is your policy other than watching
Venezuela become a failed state that is
starving crushing its people and
creating hundreds of thousands of
refugees well I just said maybe you keep
tark targeted sanctions in place on
people that you know are cocaine
traffickers but I would say lift
sanctions regard with regards to broader
economic activity in fact one policy
could be is you could actually send in
aid you could actually send in resources
and you could say regardless of our
feelings about the failings of the
Maduro government we see a humanitarian
problem here that we're going to try to
plug and now and how you could even
pretend even by like the most cynical
standards of washington I understand if
you're making foreign policy it is not
like doing a show and we are not in the
world we want to be in yet so there's
always gonna be inconsistencies in
hypocrisy that's just reality but the
notion that you're tweeting
sympathetically about meetings that all
had to do with instigating a military
coup with people that are complicit and
helped create the situation you're
talking about in the same week that the
Trump administration is cut off I
believe 25 million dollars from East
Jerusalem and just a pure move of just
being capricious like we just want to
harm Palestinians even more and maybe it
will give us a little fundraising bump
and maybe it will be a talking point at
some stupid campaign rallies the fact
that you could even be out
pretending that this administration in
general or meetings to potentially
instigate a coup have something to do
with a genuine concern for refugees or
food shortages in Venezuela and that the
people who would criticize it it's
incumbent on us to design a completely
different policy is the most sort of
what about us disingenuous
 I could imagine I mean it's
just embarrassing to put this tweet out
yeah the idea that sanctions could ever
lead to a more democratic situation for
a country is so contrary to the like
obviously you need people taken care of
before you can have a functioning
democracy which is why I like democracy
is clearly just a stand-in word for what
they really want which is sort of
oligarchic order they want all the
garsik order of course people here's
another thing about sanctions like
people think of sanctions as like this
sort of gentle or nonviolent option but
like their effects on people can be very
bad and like you don't think of stuff
like hunger as violence typically well
some people don't but it really it is it
is of course and I'm just gonna pivot
I'll do this briefly but I'm just gonna
pivot briefly to Brazil actually
illustrates this too in the sense that
after under the leadership of the
Workers Party and Lula da Silva not only
were between 30 and 50 million people
taken out of poverty hunger was
considered to not be an issue in Brazil
anymore and by the United Nations it was
taken off the table doesn't mean that
there was still not a lot of poverty
still not a lot of problems but there
were massive social gains this is why
Lula left office with an 84% approval
rating it's why the historian Barry
Anderson in the London Review of Books
called in the most successful politician
in modern politics which I I find it
basically just be an indisputable
argument I don't know another name you
could give me in modern politics who we
could even argue was remotely as
successful as Lula da Silva
under the Michel temer government
which is the current austerity
government which came to power through
removing Dilma Rousseff and off from
office because of what were essentially
accounting tricks that they didn't like
not even anything criminal hunger is now
an issue again in Brazil according the
UN Brazil has become a right-to-work
country poverty's increasing all of the
social indicators are going in the wrong
direction so look you start with a place
that obviously that that you know has a
better base condition than Venezuela but
just the notion that you're talking
about these issues is something you care
about when you have a far-right
austerity government which is immensely
corrupt another police investigation was
actually open again stammer just last
week and Brazil's a Natural History
Museum burned last week and part of the
reason that the fire couldn't be taken
care of was because I believe some of
the fire hydrants didn't have water in
them because of budget cuts so what you
want watering them all the time watering
them all the time that's super socialist
