hello majority report viewers
I'm Matt lek producer here at the
majority report you might know me if you
don't you will also won't know that I
have a podcast behind me called the
literary hangover it's about to be in
front of you because I'm putting it in
your feed as a sample because we're off
this week it's on history and literature
and that sort of thing we play clips we
actually play the full short story here
of Young Goodman Brown so if you haven't
haven't listened haven't heard that
story before you can experience it sort
of similar to us playing a mic sir no
vich video and commenting on it if you
enjoy this the show is available
anywhere you get podcasts and also on
youtube if you search literary hangover
and if you want to support it
patreon.com slash literary hangover
thanks welcome to the literary hangover
my name is matt liquor with me Alex gums
hello this is the second episode were
recording on Nathaniel Hawthorne but the
first you'll probably be listening to
because we're gonna go a bit deeper into
his biography here we're doing Young
Goodman Brown which is a short story
Hawthorne originally published in new
england magazine in 1835 and we're going
to get right to it here with some
biographical detail about Nathaniel
Hawthorne before we get into Young
Goodman Brown so this is a 2003
interview on c-span with Brian Lamb who
does a really good job at these sorts of
things talking with a biographer of
Hawthorne Brenda wine Apple who wrote
Hawthorne a life and one of the reasons
we're going to be spending a number of
episodes on Hawthorne is because of his
historical outlook he's obsessed with
the Puritans Scarlet Letter been his
most famous story but also you know in
Maple of marymount which we have also
talked about and the house of Seven
Gables is also sort of focused on the
sort
historical lineage that Hawthorne
himself was actually familiarly
connected to his grandfather was a a
judge her great-grandfather was a judge
during the witch trials and did not
cover himself in glory really at all he
was actually we should just go to one of
those first to kick off to sort of know
what is in Hawthorne 'he's past that he
he was aware of will get to his sort of
education and we'll cover the witch
trials more in depth later on will
covered a bit during the scarlet letter
episode but we'll also be talking about
the crucible by arthur miller so we
don't want to i don't want to you know
go through it all here but here's just a
brief mention of how Hawthorne
Hathorne as it was called Hawthorne
actually added a W to his last name is
there some speculation that this is to
distance himself from this dark family
legacy although I think his fiction that
sort of draws attention to it might
argue against that but here's just a
moment from a storm of witchcraft the
Salem witch trials and the American
experience by Emerson Baker he goes into
ha thorns role in basically the Puritans
destruction of their own judicial system
with the superstition ordering the
constables to arrest the women and have
them at Ingersoll's ordinary or tavern
by 10:00 the next morning for
questioning the tavern was in the heart
of Salem Village a minutes walk from the
parsonage at meeting house the next
morning so many people tried to crowd
into Ingersoll's for the hearings that
the proceedings had to be moved down the
street to the much larger meeting house
all four afflicted girls were there to
face their tormentors the accused were
questioned one at a time starting with
Sarah Goode Hawthorne led the
interrogations more like a modern-day
police detective grilling a subject for
a confession than an impartial judge
from the nature of the unrelenting
questions he asked
it is clear that he believed witchcraft
was at work and that the three women
were responsible what evil spirit have
you familiarity with have you made no
contact with the devil why do you hurt
these children Goods denials were to no
avail
when the four girls confirmed their
identification of Sarah as their
tormentor she denied the charge at which
point the girls became all dreadfully
tortured and tormented for a short space
of time
that's hot Ron's great-grandfather this
book which we will cite in the future
goes into how you know our conception of
the Salem witch trials as sort of like
women calling other women witches is
lacking in terms of like the real
significance of the episode which is
basically like the Mather family and
that Puritan patriarchy completely
discredited itself with by killing
multiple members of its community
because if they thought there were
witches mm-hmm well we'll talk about
this more but it's it that's such an
interesting watershed in between the
1600 and the 1700s to me and and this is
what we'll also talk with Young Goodman
Brown the innocence is over and the
naivety is over and how you react to see
you know reality and adjustment to
actual reality is a huge trial for
people yeah and I think in the broader
context of Europe at that moment and
immediately preceding it was just an
unrelenting time of religious violence
primarily like the 30 Years War and the
English Civil War to a lesser degree is
European Christianity at that moment in
particular you almost couldn't escape
the idea of zealously persecuting your
enemies for like that that was the
definition of religious liberty at that
moment and even if you cross the
Atlantic it was inescapable yeah okay so
let's now that we sort of know where hah
thorns background is let's just play a
little bit from this this Brenda wine
Apple she's the her biography is really
good about Hawthorne and I might play
for some from that my death
in some episodes but she also appears in
the c-span in 2003 and this is on
YouTube the interview really focuses a
lot on Hawthorne's politics and part of
that is because it's a c-span interview
but also Hawthorne was a significantly
intertwined from a young age with
political people Franklin Pierce being
the foremost among those here's this
2003 interview with Brenda wine apple
Brenda wine Apple author of the life
Hawthorne
how much did politics play in his life
it played a much larger role than people
have liked to think he was a political
man he was involved in politics and he
was best friends with arguably one of
the worst American presidents which is
saying something
Franklin Pierce Franklin Pierce how did
he get to know Franklin Pierce they met
at college they weren't voting together
Pierce was a year ahead of Hawthorne
Pierce was a very gregarious outgoing
warm and genial person and he and
Hawthorne became friends
they actually marched together in a
little group called the Bowdoin Cadets
one doesn't think of Hawthorne marching
and certainly not marching behind anyone
but they did and also politics at
Bowdoin was very important they were
both what became Democrats they were
Jeffersonian Republicans at the time so
that was a very important connection
between the two men then they stayed
friends for their entire lives I will
stop it there I want to cut a little bit
ahead to where they talk about what
Democrat meant at that time which i
think is actually very important for
sort of what politics is now yeah you
know there's lots of problems with the
Democratic Party but at no point was
that ever like a truly democratic party
right like it was a democratic party for
white men yeah yeah they they're they
were known at that moment for widening
the franchise from white property-owning
men to just white men so which like good
job yeah yeah no good but maybe not
enough yeah that's this is where they
needed a little bit of inner
intersectionality yeah here's where they
talk a bit more specifically about what
Democrat meant in the sort of early
early Party it's kicked out and it was
quite a
so that was the next major appointment
and that lasted until 18-49 a matter of
fact you wrote 380 he stood for dark
doubt and the Democratic Party
start was the Democratic Party what was
the Democratic Party back in the 1800's
1850s it developed out of Jackson it's
the sort of Jacksonian Democrats and the
and the Democratic Party in those years
was more like today's Republicans
important to sort of remember who became
what the Democrats were stood very
strongly for states rights and as a
result early on they became a party
associated with expansion manifest
destiny as I said expanding territories
to the west even to the south and partly
as a consequence of that they also
became associated with pro-slavery a
large part of the Democratic Party was
pro-slavery it was a pro-slavery wing it
separated out later on his politics got
even more dicey than they were but it
was also a Progressive Party in that it
was for working person it was stood
against the kind of money capitalist
aristocracy say of Boston which was
associated with the Whigs so by
Hawthorne and then Pierce and his
friends at Bowdoin joining with the
Jacksonian Democrats they felt that they
were joining with something that was
youthful exciting exuberant offered a
kind of real hope and egalitarianism for
America which was true as long as you
were my white male but that was true and
that was the vision so it was a kind of
the eight way it was a kind of party in
a sense of optimism a kind of party of
reform too which is interesting because
then later when it becomes associated
with Pro slave pro-slavery forces we
tend to then think of that party as
being a conservative benighted
reactionary it was more complicated than
that
the Republicans rose out of the Whig
party that was against the Democrats in
the anti-slavery Whigs with a conscience
wigs and the anti-slavery Democrats
joined forces eventually by 1860 elected
lincoln as a republican hawthorn stayed
true to the democratic party
all the way through even though lots of
people left it became either if they
didn't become Whigs that would be too
hard we can't went to the Republicans
because after all the Republicans seemed
to promise some of the things that the
Democrats stood for but also
anti-slavery hawthorn did not so he was
in the most he stayed with the most
conservative part of the Democratic
Party which eventually fell apart I was
like when people in history have that
moment to get out you know where it's
it's a it's obscure where they land
specifically on an issue and then they
defend that issue to the death by pay
they go beyond the pale and be like no
this is this is why I'm part of the
Democratic Party it's it's for the
slavery yeah and you have to confront
that in a way and to me this is a new
thing I've been thinking about awful lot
which is that the people in your
immediate social circle determine your
and this is not true for me because I'm
a person who had very heterodox politics
and beliefs even as a high schooler in
North Dakota that nobody else really
even fed into so I am I am a genuine
independent thing thinker thank you for
listening to my podcast but I think a
lot of people it's it's it's what's
comfortable to get along with the people
around you yeah like you caught you if
you go to a college with a bunch of like
Young Democrats which I'm imagining
turning-point USA like I I imagine you'd
like Hawthorne as a young little like
Demick mean it's a it's it's a weird
thing because like you like I don't know
I guess exactly what I'm trying to say
here but I do want to go to specifically
on slavery so they're two things
Hoffman was especially bad on slavery
being the preeminent one he's just awful
on it and we'll get to that the other
one I just want to mention briefly
because it's famous is a Hawthorne he
was successful in known but he wasn't a
bestseller he was sort of more the the
critics choice the writers writer yeah
wouldn't so much but he got annoyed this
is a quote from the Brenda wine Apple
biography marina Susannah Cummings the
Lamplighter selling 40,000 copies in two
months triggered another
quote America is now wholly given over
to a damned mob of scribbling women
Hawthorne cried in 1855 and I should
have no chance of success while the
public taste is occupied with their
trash and should be ashamed of myself if
I did succeed which is a perfect like
encapsulate like that insulates you from
success and failure right like if I did
succeed I'd be selling out it was such a
timeless art artists trope and I
wouldn't want to be successful anyways
it's really kind of baffling that women
get this reputation of not engaging with
like the real things because it seems to
me the opposite we're like you know
Catherine Maria Sedgewick's hope Leslie
has all sorts of like a Pequot War all
sorts of that stuff whereas like it
seems it seems like the people who buy
into this idea that women writers
weren't talking about real things Lydia
Murray a child with hobo Mach 2 it's
it's like what's real is if we valorize
heroic characters right that's what's
real yeah that this man he beats the
odds and does his honorable duty not
like this story captures what's really
going on socio-politically in a
community at a given time like that's
not real yeah to me it seems I could be
the opposite way around just based on
the way people like Hawthorne or people
who have been influenced by this sort of
like strain of misogynistic thought that
like women are doing like nice domestics
stories or whatever that the cliche
would be is I think men are as bad at
writing like just pointless crap and
it's seemingly worse as far as in the
survey that I've done yeah yeah yeah I
think firm maybe someone like Hawthorne
who from what we've read is deeply
interested in history and how history
affects the present would probably see
women as well they're not unlike the
historical continuum there are no great
women leaders with the exception of a
few freaks so they're not even really
part of like the grand narrative of
history yeah he had other points says
that women writing like it takes a sort
of disrobing to be a
that should be beneath women which is
which is also odd be given that like
he's also worried about being a male
writer and a feminine profession that's
a Huey Long's ayat II for like a lot of
these writers at this time which is and
there's a lot of that going on in this
short story that we'll get into right
just a little bit on a Hawthorne slavery
politics in civil war I guess and to be
more precise honey
while he was the consulship why he was
consul for Liverpool under the Pierce
administration and part of the reason he
took that job was to make it was a very
lucrative job to make that money you
said at the time a good house would cost
three thousand dollars yeah but you also
said at the time oh yeah this goes into
him he Franklin Pierce gave hooked him
up with jobs and the Democratic Party
hooked him up with jobs a number of
times the Custom House which is the
introduction to the Scarlet Letter is
him basically lamenting how being on the
government dole saps your energy or like
will to live we'll talk more about that
in a later episode and then here we
talks about like yeah when Pierce was
president well in the campaign Hawthorne
wrote a biography of Pierce the official
campaign biography and for his efforts
was repaid with the Liverpool basically
customs gig that he basically got to
skim off the top on the transaction so
as Brenda saying here he made $10,000
one year and like a house cost three
thousand is this is this like the first
public intellectual or that we can think
of an American history that was that
ingratiated with the White House with
the White House like with the president
I think I don't know specifically you
know we do it talked about Washington
Irving going to the Madison's White
House yeah I guess that's and Irving
himself also wrote like up biographies
for John Jacob Astor's Astoria project
the fur trading empire in western
Washington oh he also wrote like a
history of the Navy if you're a writer
you can get political gigs
yeah but him writing Hawthorne writing a
biography of Franklin Pierce
campaign trail has a very modern edge to
it like it sounds very familiar yeah
yeah yeah I mean if we're in a weird
time now would probably they'd probably
just go straight it you have somebody go
straight it like I don't know that Obama
might be different right like you could
see a celebrity after writing an Obama
biography yeah I was thinking of gore
Vidal and JFK which I didn't write it
biography directly they definitely
helped a lot in the campaign here's this
is back to that c-span interview you
said at the time a good house would cost
$3,000 yeah but you also said at the
time in order to get stay out of the
Civil War
you could spend $300 right that's right
that's right now what did he do in
connection with war well he was too old
to fight didn't had he it's it's unclear
whether he would have wanted to or not
some days he felt he wanted to grab that
musket and shoot someone but mostly he
was so horrified by the bloodletting
that was the Civil War because daily
there were reports of friends of his
children or nephews being lost or or
maimed or or runaway something like that
and he was he was aghast at the whole
thing he was he was he was brutalized by
the war and he was very critical of the
north and of the south
both navies anti-war I would say he was
anti-war yeah which is an anomalous
thing to be in that time it's almost as
if you know the modern corollary would
be anti-war although some people were
Robert law during the Second World War
and now to us we think well how could
you have been on anti-nazi how could you
have been anti-war well there was a way
in a civil war for a northerner living
in Concord Massachusetts neighbor of of
Thoreau neighbor of Emerson to be
anti-war when in point of fact the war
was being fought from these people's
point of view to emancipate the slaves
you know to get rid of slavery isn't is
a strange position
sounds like a an all lives matter type
of guy you know I think it's Morse even
subtle than that
he's like a never Trump sort of
conservative guy that doesn't really
like there's that there's a type of
conservative that sees what's going on
and it's like yeah I don't like this but
both sides are just everyone just needs
to calm down and let it Catherine didn't
think that reform could get rid of
slavery he thought it would just have to
get rid of itself and basically says
that any attempts by man to intervene in
the system would lead to do something
worse hmm that sounds like wisdom to a
lot of people yeah and at certain points
in history it could be I guess it's very
Jeffersonian yeah but it's also this
sort of anti conflict civility
that frankly when push comes to shove in
historical moments doesn't fly yeah well
it just goes back to the initial premise
that they're not enacting anything it's
