it is Wednesday November 22nd 2017 my
name is Sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live to tape steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA Oh folks oh I'm with you
right now
but not really I'm actually in the
future no scratch I'm in the past you're
in the future I'm talking to you in the
future I don't know why I always make
such a big deal of this because of the
vast majority of you I'm always doing
that every day because you're listening
as a podcast but if you're listening
live which is impossible then I'm
talking to you from the past how's the
future is it great are you headed
towards home for Thanksgiving I am I'm
headed there right now my kids are of
course complaining in the car everyone
everyone around me is complaining I'm
complaining
I'm future complaining I'm preemptively
complaining about the complaints that
I'm hearing but one thing I want to
reach back into the past if you'll
recall on Tuesday which is yesterday if
you're listening to this today but if
you're really listening to this today
which is impossible you'd know it this
is actually still Tuesday nevertheless
on Tuesdays show Jamie did not have the
opportunity to say what her sort of
unique I guess it was Thanksgiving food
was right it was that what was that what
the the question was we got from an I am
her yep and and so you were you've been
fuming about this I was writing down
time stamps at the time there was a lot
of angst in the office after the show
that Jamie did not get to say what it
was and so this is gonna come as a
surprise to me as well as to you what is
that food Jamie well I want to brag
about it because I'm really proud of
myself because everyone's always really
impressed by it
I want a drumroll no it's okay
I was vegetarian for many years and
vegan for many years after that and I'm
still mostly vegan I just see occasional
eggs and seafood so I like to make a
seitan roast from scratch with mushroom
stuffing and vegan gravy weight like a
roast like how big is this like I always
imagined seitan to be well I guess it
comes in like big squares doesn't it oh
well if you make it yourself you can put
it in whatever shape you want oh I had
no idea so you made a homemade say time
yes it's the recipe I got from post-punk
kitchen shout out to them and it's it's
a real crowd-pleaser assuming your crowd
is open-minded about these things does
that mean don't really care about taste
no I'm just asking
I mean I've they're in church I like and
and the mixture of flavorings you put in
there is also really good my
brother-in-law who is a total meat-eater
said that it tastes like a good brat
because I put it some some caraway seeds
crush crush them up all right very very
good so how long does it take to make um
that's a good question maybe like an
hour and then another hour when it's
like in the oven so it's conceivable
that all right well let's put it this
way if there's anybody who hears this on
Wednesday and they end up making it for
Thanksgiving holiday report back that
would be so good shout out to all my
vegans and vegetarians also like I know
it's a difficult holiday for you guys
and I just want to say like props don't
be mean to your relatives just like lead
by example make something delicious and
they will flock to you maybe if your my
experiences maybe that will happen
hey just reminder folks support for
today's show comes from health IQ health
IQ believes that the best way to improve
the health of the world is to celebrate
the health conscious
through social and financial rewards
they use science and data to secure
lowered light rates on life insurance
for health-conscious people including
runners cyclists you ready for this
Jamie strength trainers but vegans and
more so you actually this is this is
brilliant you actually get rewarded I
mean they say being vegan is much
healthier for you and this health IQ
helps customers save between four to
thirty three percent on their life
insurance and these are savings that are
exclusive to health IQ fifty six percent
of health IQ customers say they say
between four and thirty three percent
and their life insurance because they
live a more healthy lifestyle I don't
know that I would have been eligible for
this back in the day when I got my
health insurance because I was still
within the sort of had smoked cigarettes
realm within my five years thing or
whatever it was but like saving money by
being a good driver health IQ get you
lower rates on life insurance for living
a health conscious lifestyle physically
active people have a thirty four percent
lower risk of all-cause mortality a
fifty six percent lower risk of heart
disease and a twenty two percent
decrease in cancer mortality compared to
people who remain inactive this is the
they cite this war but Burton at all the
CMG a that must be the something cm a
journal would be my guess in 2006 but to
see if you qualify get your free quote
today at health iq.com slash majority
that's health iq.com slash majority to
get your free quote I might just do that
there you go you should I mean if you're
you're still going vegan are you doing
your vegetarian right now I I'm a
pescetarian I'm mostly vegan pescetarian
I feel like that's the one
that I'm closest to because we basically
knocked out a lot of our meat
consumption that's good but I eat fish
and eggs I don't the whole egg thing I
don't get
I don't do dairy with my stomach
yeah but that's not that's more that's
just like I don't know I don't eat well
I guess I'd eat everything so folks on
the program today we have Christopher
glaze ik he is the writer who wrote the
piece the secret of family making
billions from the opioid crisis if you
have not listened to the two days that I
was in Vegas for the tort lawyer
conference you will find two interviews
there one with Peter mu J one with
Burton LeBlanc who talked about the
lawsuits that they are part of against
the distributor of particularly
oxycontin but other opioids there's a
there's some statutory obligations that
these distributors had that they failed
to live up to but before it gets to
distributor there's a company that made
this stuff and this is one of those
classic stories I don't know if these
people are as eligible to be sued as the
distributor's this is a classic story of
the the just deep desire for as much
money as possible in externalizing the
costs of those pursuit of profits by a
family that now has made billions of
dollars on this really selling in many
respects poison and it wasn't as if
these people had some type of new wonder
drug
they really argued that they had a new
wonder delivery mechanism for a drug
that did turn out to be so wonderful so
Christopher Glaser
writing in Esquire magazine the
secretive family making billions from
the opioid crisis also matt has some mad
picks deep archive pics from our deep
archive we have Sam talking to Bernie
about the estate tax in 2006 what whats
old is new folks what's old is new and
some of it is still and old I'm older
and Bernie's older we're both older but
so if you remember you will get that as
a bonus material today and a reminder if
you want to become a member just become
a member go to join the majority report
calm right now and join the majority
report you will have a chance to even if
you you know haven't become a member you
you join and then you go back and you
listen to the archived show which is
would it be yesterday show or today's
show
and you listen to that Bernie Sanders
interview that's our way of saying thank
you for supporting the show
also don't forget Mr holiday is the
coupon code for just coffee co-op 30%
off free shipping try out all their
blends finally try the majority of poor
blend you will not regret it
okay take quick break then we'll be back
with Chris classic secret secretive
family making billions from the opioid
crisis make sure you tune in Friday to
folks we've got William Hoagland it's a
fascinating story about the development
of not just America's standing army but
really I I think one could argue this is
sort of the I don't know how to put this
but baby steps of empire yes and the
sort of ground zero for imperialism and
the imperialism ethos in American
culture quick break be right back
[Music]
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report on the phone it's a pleasure to
welcome to the program Christopher
glazier he is a contributing writer to
Esquire magazine has written in numerous
publications including The New Yorker
and has written in this month's edition
of Esquire the secret of family making
billions from the opioid crisis welcome
to the program Chris thanks for having
me so Chris you know we've on this on
this program have talked a decent amount
of the opioid crisis
I've sat down with lawyers who are
bringing cases against the distributors
particularly of oxycontin and trying to
get compensation for cities and states
that have had to pay out public funds to
deal with this massive crisis that we're
dealing with and you could maybe give us
a little bit of statistics as to just
how wide-ranging the opioid crisis is
but you've done an in-depth look at the
family behind the the company per dude
that has produced oxycontin what what
was it i mean how hard let's us start
with this i mean tell us who the family
was or is i guess right so the sackler
family is a family of billionaires from
new york city the family you started as
three brothers who were born in Brooklyn
in the 1980s and the patriarch of the
family Arthur Sackler got his start in
pharmaceutical advertising and in
forties and fifties and he was actually
a major innovator in the field of
medical and pharmaceutical advertising
so you know when he emerged on the scene
at that time all there was was
door-to-door salesmen called detail men
so the pharma companies are kind of send
these reps door-to-door to doctors kind
of try to sell drugs them and that still
happens too but Arthur's big insight was
that you could use print advertising in
medical journals to reach a much larger
number of doctors more efficiently
actually the first person that ever to
get the Journal of the American Medical
Association to include a color in search
for a pharmaceutical drug well let's
just stop there for a moment because it
is obviously you know you can look at
the numbers you can say okay there's a
there's a higher yield right every
whatever the ratio is of of people who
will see those eyeballs and actually can
if not not necessarily purchase but
prescribe his product right there's a
lot of value there too but I also would
imagine that when you are advertising in
a medical journal that there's some
other level of cachet that there is
almost like an implicit an implicit
sense that like yeah this is for real
absolutely absolutely
it's channeling the authority of the
medical journal so when did this you
know kind of scientific or and that's
something this so that attackers have
done again and again with the tremendous
success you could be the kind you could
call it white coat washing you know they
kind of present business objectives as
medical objectives and then they're able
to kind of launder you know their
companies their family's reputation
through the prestige of the medical
profession I want to continue on with
you telling us more about the Sackler
zin but I want to circle back at one
point to the there's like this whole
story is a you know basically comes down
to an enormous amount of greed and just
a failure of either the existence of
safeguards or the failure of safeguards
that are just simply not adequate enough
to address and to mitigate this greed
absolutely absolutely and you know I
mean the sackers have had some help
along the way in some of the biggest
help they got was actually from the FDA
which which made a number of mistakes
and improving the original application
for oxycontin all right well let's get
to the FDA in a second so tell us more
about these three brothers one of them
Arthur was a
vert izing Wiz the other two were
doctors well so they were all trained
psychiatrists actually under their MDS
and they were interesting psychiatry and
actually did a bunch of research into on
the human brain and the research was
actually quite promising and they were
the first for instance to isolate
cortisol as a kind of psychoactive
substance and you know at the time when
they were doing their research
psychiatry was totally dominated by
Freudians who weren't interested in the
kind of biochemical explanations so
their work was kind of considered fringe
but they were they were real research
scientists Arthur was really the
patriarch of the family and he you know
it would often kind of find jobs for his
younger siblings to take over he was the
one who coordinated the purchase of
Purdue Pharma in 1952 but he actually
had his brothers run it instead of him
because he was a medical advertiser it
would have been a conflict of interest
if he also had his own pharmaceutical
company but so he kind of he owned
several companies secretly and would
often have other people run them for him
but you know his brothers were kind of
his understudies oh wow okay and so so
they so Purdue what what did they make
leading up to why don't you explain how
they came upon the idea of oxycontin and
and the idea of cotton sure okay what I
use phul to note that the families first
really big influx of cash we think that
team in the nineteen sixties because
Arthur Sackler was the first one to it
was one who divided the advertising
strategy for valium and he was and
valium which was manufactured by Roche a
pharmaceutical company but Arthur was
the ad man behind it he was compensated
in terms of volume of pills sold and
what he did was was quite he pulled up a
pretty remarkable trick so Roche already
had a benzo on the market called Librium
which is you know virtually
indistinguishable from valium valium
them was released under a different name
a slightly different dose but it was
marketed in a very different way Librium
had been targeted narrowly you know fred
was at the time with
anxiety issues although anxiety at the
time wasn't quite the buzz word that it
is now but what Arthur did for valium is
he said hey there's all these other
kinds of problems that people have these
physical somatic problems they're
headaches they're trouble sleeping
indigestion sexual problems and he kind
of invented this other concept called
psychic tension which they asserted was
at the root of many of these physical
problems and in the conclusion being
that you could take a valium pill to
help with all these different types
physical problems you might have
because really what was causing the
physical problem was psychic tension so
in this way you may valium the most
widely prescribed drug in the United
States with the first drug ever to reach
more than 100 million dollars in sales
now all right let's I mean I I mean this
is this is a moment I think where people
get sort of like surprised where you can
create a an affliction and remarket an
existing essentially an existing drug
and the FDA doesn't I mean it's is all
fine well this is the early 60s remember
so there were not the same kind of
safeguards in place and not the same
degree of regulation of drugs that there
is now but you know even today companies
are given wide latitude with with a lot
of this stuff and you know and crucially
what the staffers ended up doing with
oxycontin was actually extremely similar
to what they did what they had done with
valium earlier on all right well tell us
what kind of safeguards were available
in the 60s I mean and then let's just
compare it to where we are today to a
certain extent because what I mean could
you was there any was there any
restrictions on this at this time so I
mean there was actually there was
movement in the 60s to introduce more
restrictive regimes and there were these
Senate hearings that that Arthur Saku
actually had to testify before and one
of things they were really worried about
in the 50s and succour what was involved
in this also was the over prescription
of antibiotics so these new antibiotics
were coming on the market and
and you know the companies were trying
to sell them for you know all kinds of
different conditions that it was
actually they were worried about
breeding antibiotic resistance and which
we're still worried about today so I in
terms of the exact timing of some of
these pharmaceutical reforms I'm not
sure I'm not sure if it would have been
not been until the 70s it's a more
restricted some more restrictions were
put on with the claims that permits what
advertisers could make but certainly
yeah in the 60s there was not the same
kind of restrictive regime today you
know the FDA allows pharmaceutical
companies to make certain kinds of
claims about their drugs and then
there's claim that they're not allowed
to make they're not allowed to exceed
what the FDA label says you know with an
Asterix is right and and those aspects
is very often lead to some pretty crazy
and horrific outcomes as like these drug
companies you know try and push
off-label prescribing for these drugs
but they do it and it sort of much
quieter way all right sir
so Sackler was innovative in that he had
basically taking a bunch of pre-existing
I guess states of being bundled it up
into a name that sounded like it was a
an official psychological problem or I
guess a neurological problem and a
marketed valium made it the highest
grossing I mean can you still make deals
like that to the hate with your
advertisers like we're gonna give you a
commission that seems to be bad it was
very innovative at the time I'm not sure
exactly how those contracts are
typically structured today but but I
mean yeah but I think that there are
performance benchmarks that you're
supposed to make that's that to me seems
really contrary to the Hippocratic oath
well you know so it makes everything a
volume game and it makes pharmaceutical
companies just you know and their
advertisers their number one priority is
just maximizing volume and that has
everything to do with
the opioid crisis you know and people
can kind of debate like what the best
approach to you know regulating
dangerous drugs is and we have some
people who advocate these very
restrictive prohibition regimes and
other people think that you know drug
you should be decriminalized you know
one thing that's worth looking at though
is that we have had this kind of
controlled experiment with relatively
unfettered profit-driven
for you know almost free market and
prescription opioids and when you attach
a huge profit motive to that you're
inevitably going to get the volume going
up and up and up and that's what's
