Franklin joining us now is Eric Lovitz
he's our politics writer for New York
magazine Eric thanks so much for being
with us yeah thank you pleasure as
always
Eric you've apiece we're gonna get to a
piece that I believe is just going up
within minutes not already up on the
conundrum of the Nordic countries for
the right in this country but first
let's look at this new White House plan
to ask judges to ask the Supreme Court
to scrap Obama cares consumer
protections in September you know just
to frame this I mean obviously you know
judge Kavanagh will be a major blow for
you know the non ultra wealthy in this
country across the board and the
midterms are could vary for all of
things going on with Trump and you know
and and and race and corruption and all
of these major issues it could be looked
on really simply as a referendum on you
know any type of attempt to preserve
Obamacare let alone move forward to you
know a better position a system like
national health care so what are they
doing here what are they specifically
asking and what are the consequences for
the what remains of the Obamacare
markets and what could a Democratic
Congress do if anything sure and yeah
well so basically a bunch of red states
you know if you're a red state attorney
general what you do is try to find
spurious reasons to kill Obamacare
legally and the fact that none of their
previous attempts of worked has not sort
of reduced the motivation to do that so
a bunch of red states got together and
decided that because Republicans
repealed the individual mandate in
Obamacare that means that they can't you
know they promised insurance companies
that they would force everybody to buy
insurance in an exchange to be insurers
would
discriminate against people who will
have a history of mental illness or you
know other pre-existing conditions and
they're saying well you got rid of the
mandate but you're still making them do
that stuff and that's that's
unconstitutional or that you know is a
violation of the law these these two
parts of law are not separable from each
other so if the individual mandate is no
longer standing in the judiciary must
strike down protections for people with
pre-existing condition this argument is
there's sort of even more absurd than
the previous arguments that
conservatives have made legally against
Obamacare even I think the National
Review wrote a negative opinion of the
argument but nonetheless you know the
Trump administration which normally the
federal government has like a duty that
if any legally sustainable argument can
be made in defense of a existing federal
law that the Justice Department is
incumbent on them to argue for it but
just session said that he could not find
any argument against this red state case
and therefore was not going to contest
it and is it possible that the
right-wing judges you know on the
appeals court on the Supreme Court will
be so Craven as to accept this it's
possible but really it seems more like
just a political own goal for the
Republican Party and for the Trump
administration which you know the
Democratic Party's number one goal both
in the fight over Cavanaugh and in the
midterm election is to increase the
salience of health care policy and
remind voters about that time that
congressional Republicans tried to you
know Pro twenty million people off their
health insurance which was the single
most unpopular thing the Republican
Party has done since Trump took out its
tenth both his approval rating and the
Republican standing in the generic
ballot when Paul Ryan introduced that
bill in the house and remains in polls
by far voters prefer the Democrats on
the issue of health care by double
digits so their entire goal was to make
sure that this was still an issue
heading into November and the Trump
administration by backing not only a
challenge to Obama
here but a challenge to the most popular
part of Obamacare protections are
pre-existing conditions are so popular
that actually when Republicans even in
their Obamacare repeal bill which would
have done a lot of horrific things
throwing people off Medicare Medicaid
rather and a bunch of cutting federal
health care spending
they still preserved a version of the
protections reprieve exist conditions
because even Paul Ryan wasn't willing to
take the heat but that was generating so
is this just an example of the the sort
of because on the other hands okay so
Democrats want to drive turnout based on
how unpopular Republican health care
policies are and there's gonna be no
normal person you know obviously no
Democratic vote or no Democratic leaning
voter there's gonna be no of whatever
you know minuscule amount whatever
handful of people who might be sort of
you know all over the place voters swing
voters are gonna like Republican
proposals to you know hand over people's
you know well paint HMOs or throw toward
you know destroy federal health spending
this stuff is categorically massively
unpopular on the other hand obviously
Republicans are in a place where you
know it is just even more so about
getting the real crazies the real
diehards I mean this is why bannon's
back he's getting funding for some type
of new documentary you know Trump at war
and this is and this is the type of
people that you know they're not even
the sort of old you know like the split
that someone like Thomas Frank might
have identified like these people might
have you know arch reactionary social
views but they also might understand
obviously that Republican policies with
regards to the government spending and
the economy are you know bad for you
unless you're you know a millionaire you
know did the Republican the Trump
Republican base now does seem you know
they're the type of people who you know
Alex Jones said protection for
pre-existing you know conditions will
make your kid
gender or something so therefore I have
to vote because of the Muslim
Brotherhood so is there a rhyme or is
that potentially part of what's going on
is that yes and the broad landscape of
sentient humans reminding people of an
attempt to you know literally cut
people's lifespans oh you know 20
million people's lifespans and make it
so that you can't get health care if
you've ever dealt with a medical issue
is not popular but for the true nut
cases that need to turn out this is just
another you know battle against Obama's
al Qaeda plot or something yeah I don't
think there's a political calculus here
I think this is all ideological I think
Jeff Sessions didn't want to sully
himself by defending Barack Obama's
health care law in court I the people
who actually are so geared into
Republican politics that they are
passionate about you know getting their
you know yes you who has you know
bipolar disorder making them unable to
be able to afford health care those
people are already going to turn out I
mean that's the die-hard Republican base
right and Republicans the Republicans
don't want to talk about this issue if
you're looking at their ads they don't
mention health care at all to the extent
that they they have you saw in the
special election last week in Ohio tribe
Alderson the Republican candidate
accused his Democratic rival totally
mendacious lee of supporting cuts to
Medicare they do not want to campaign as
the party that wants to eliminate
government benefits or health care
that's not what you want right so so
basically Jeff Sessions and one could
comfortably speculate that there's any
number of real Ike it would be one thing
to prove you know defend the law that
Bill Clinton did but Barack Obama I mean
I think yeah right we we all know who
Jeff Sessions is um okay so you have a a
piece that I actually don't know if it's
been
posted yet we're hot off of the presses
with it dealing with how the American
right talks about and understands Nordic
countries there's this notion that it's
a conflict on the left I think that
there's interesting and worthwhile
debates between you know a Democratic
Socialist and Social Democratic position
on the Left that deals with the Nordic
countries there's obviously a critique
and a debate around you know diversity
and homogeneity and Universal programs
that implicates the Scandinavian
countries and some of these
conversations are worthwhile and
interesting sometimes they're
disingenuous but on the right you've
identified this incredible almost like
schizophrenic split and how their
understanding the Nordics what is that
split yeah well basically um there's
there's one part of the conservatives
one set of conservative electricals who
is still doing the sort of old-time
religion of you know any major
government program is just it's a step
on the road to serfdom it's you know you
can't have free health care without you
know leading to jailing political
prisoners or something and basically
describing the Nordic countries as you
know totalitarian nightmare
not distinguishing it from Venezuela you
know which is itself not quite a
totalitarian nightmare but obviously a
less desirable model and not distinguish
it from you know Stalinist Russia and
and then on the other hand there's this
more libertarian inclined part of the
movement that has discovered that
actually you know the Heritage
Foundation and Cato and the right-wing
think tanks have these weird like
freedom indexes where they take a bunch
of different economic indicators and
score like how free your country is and
remarkably sort of bizarrely
they're indicators list like Denmark is
being more capitalist than the United
States and so they're saying like oh no
the left is it's wrong actually the
Nordic countries aren't democratic
socialist or social democratic they are
in totalitarian their free market
capitalist and that's why they're
they've been so successful and and yeah
I mean both these of these responses
basically reflects just the intellectual
bankruptcy of the right on economic
issues you know basically the American
people do not think that you know an
ideal economic policy is one that
minimizes the tax burden borne by
wealthy individuals and corporate
America's labor costs which is what the
right-wing is committed to most people
say you know do I want low tax rates on
the rich or do I want a low poverty rate
well I would like poor children I want
the ladder and the right has always
relied on the idea that you know the
first-order effects of our agenda aren't
popular yeah I know you might not like
you know weak bargaining power for
workers and low taxes on the rich and
you know no significant benefits for
your family you don't get free child
care like they get over there but this
system produces higher levels of
economic growth and higher levels and
innovation and you know what it's going
to be work worthwhile in the end you
know the rising tide lifts all boats
and the the Nordics you know they're the
most socialistic countries in Europe and
they're also post growth rates
comparable to the United States and they
also produce you know more patents that
are acknowledged that are registered in
multiple countries this is you know they
gave birth to Kazaa that really advanced
him in driverless cars so they're
innovative they're high growth and they
also have cradle to very welfare like an
80 percent unionization rate and so the
right is left in this position of you
know they desperately wants to be able
to
you know where's the Soviet Union when
you need it they need a bogeyman and
they're left sort of stammering and not
not sure what to do about the fact that
that the democratic model you know which
has its own problem
but nonetheless relative to the American
model is is working so much better no
doubt so before what are some examples
we'll talk about this synthesis that the
Nordic countries have that provides the
best of both worlds relative to the
United States but what kind of policies
make them ranked highly on a Freedom
Index what are those what what kind of
policies are we talking about yeah I
mean it's a little strange I think a lot
of it is basically they're they're very
Pro free-trade you know which makes
sense so these are tiny you know cold
little countries but um you know if
they're gonna have competitive firms
they need to sell to the world they
don't have a large enough domestic
market and they don't have enough
natural resources to not need to import
so they're they're very Pro free-trade
you know by necessity so there's that
there's also you know this is an
incredible concession and this Cato
Institute report on Denmark which is
like trying to you know galaxies brain
liberals that actually know Denmark is
is pretty capitalist you know it says if
you put the welfare state aside
everything else you know that they do
they have no minimum wage which they
have no minimum which is unnecessary
because everyone's in a union and
everyone's wage is pretty high but
nonetheless they have no minimum wage
and you know they they have I guess
maybe like they have like less
occupational licensing or something but
but but they say that Denmark is you
know according to certain index the
least corrupt government on planet earth
which is just a remarkable concession
but even by their logic which ignores a
lot of aspects of the way that the
Nordic countries are actually very
pretty time socialist even if you
stipulate this like the only socialist
thing about them to the giant welfare
state
that you know gives guarantees like six
weeks of vacation to like every citizen
like each year and yada yada yada the
rights whole argument is that that you
can't the big government is inherently
corrupt the government that governs
desks governs leaves and now you're
saying is a libertarian think-tank that
actually the government that governs
best is the one governs most that the
one of the largest looking dishes public
sectors you know in the world is also
the cleanest but that's a remarkable
concession for the right to make it
bizarre that it's a reflexive
desperation that they're actually
stumbling on that yeah so what they're
so basically what it seems to me is is
that you're you're describing me first
of all okay there's totally disingenuous
things like minimum wage isn't on the
book because it's a unionized society so
therefore workers are just better off
period there and not only they have
union protections there's more you know
a kind of cooperative decision-making
between government and the unions and
the private sector and there's much more
of a kind of sense of like you know
cohesive strategy so that you know firm
planning includes things like increasing
wages and you know a broader
distribution of the benefits is sort of
pre baked into the system and the power
structure which is you know obviously
antithetical to all of the libertarian
and neoliberal extremism that is you
know obviously a product of the right in
the United States but also you know the
center and many people identify in the
center left and then there's this other
kind of interesting sort of it reminds
me of Matt Taibbi I think wrote I forget
what book it was but he went and spent
time with these tea party guys and I
think Westchester County and when they
were talking about their very very
specific small problems and you know not
small for them just but stuff that just
doesn't you know it might cumulatively
have an effect on on people running
small businesses and is it
as an example but it's certainly not
like you know big frontline important
national issues like regulating banks or
you know taming Silicon Valley or
réunion izing America right but there
were a lot of kind of legitimate gripes
about you know how many licensing fees
do I have to pay you know to process
paperwork at the local you know whatever
or you know different ways that
government contracts might be
distributed locally in ways that were
you know crony and favored kind of local
political favoritism although ironically
that's another thing that would
undermine libertarian arguments because
a lot of you know smaller scale places
have even worse corruption scandals that
you know national level so that's
another thing another kind of
libertarian myth about scale that's
easily debunked by reality but the point
being that in the United States you
could actually identify a whole set of
bureaucratic kind of log jams some of
which might even be legitimately things
that are you know unfair or unhelpful to
people running small scale businesses
and then people took that and it was
extrapolated like see just as I'm over
regulated so is Jamie Dimon right which
is of course you know crazy because
obviously you know you know Pharma and
banks and all these other interests are
the ones that run and write the
political process but the point being
that maybe in certain parts of business
particularly on a small scale there
actually could be government could be
used in a collaborative way to sort of
protect incumbent businesses which is
another thing that libertarians say a
lot although they sort of reverse to
order it somehow governments fault and
not a sort of aggressive monopolistic
private sector that has corrupted
government but maybe in Scandinavia what
we're seeing is like again and this is
what they call with like flexicurity is
one of the phrases that come out of the
Nordic countries this idea that on one
hand when it comes to sort of like
thinking of a business idea or engaging
in the market in a certain way there
should be freedom to challenge
monopolies there
lockdowns on opportunities to
participate obviously that's insured
through government regulation the
example here would have been you know
net neutrality until the Republicans
governed that right that's a government
rule ensuring a certain level of level
playing field in the tech sector to some
small extent which allowed for some
small-scale and participation in
innovation that type of regulation which
allows markets to genuinely have some
competition which you can't happen have
without government regulation and then
it's coupled with powerful Union sector
a powerful social sector and then
Universal mass distribution through
things like robust universal health care
free college and all sorts of other mass
public investments and of course just to
put on the table here to you know very
serious environmental regulations which
is another thing that they don't want to
contend with either but does that kind
of synthesis actually make sense right
like they could be literally wrong on
both accounts like first totally wrong
about the scale of the welfare state and
what that means about the nature of
government and of course their own sort
of you know own goal with Denmark being
the least corrupt but even in the ways
