[Music]
where everyday casual Friday that means
Monday is casual Monday Tuesday casual
Tuesday Wednesday casual hump day
Thursday casual Thurs that's what we
call it and Friday casual Shabbat da
mangiare report with sam c de it is
Friday October 12 2000 18 my name is Sam
cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we're
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA it's casual Friday folks
joining us on the program this week
Heather Parton or dig beam from the blog
hullabaloo and salon also on the program
today straight from his ebay page
matthew film guy will be joining us
ostensibly to give us a film
recommendation for the weekend they will
also on the program turkey claims to
have audio and video of the Jamaal
khashoggi killing and they have
apparently shared it with the US and
double-a-c-p to sue Brian Kemp secretary
of state of Georgia in his vote rigging
plan for his own election convenient
that meanwhile Chuck Schumer does it
again 15 Trump judges get a free pass
you're gonna lose so much you'll get the
second
and Democratic governors races looking
pretty good in Ohio and Wisconsin and
Georgia and Florida Within Reach
court case reveals that Bannon and Kovac
added that census question to intimidate
immigrants 11 people dead in the wake of
superstorm Michael and a climate change
denier confirmed to lead the do J's
environmental division meanwhile Melania
Trump Kanye West battle it out for the
most bullied person in the world and a
reminder our immigration policy is
tantamount to terrorism all that and
more on today's program ladies and
gentlemen yes a casual Friday I am
sitting here I am wearing a soft
collared shirt and Zumba's today yep I'm
feeling very cash and so I wonder if
people I guess everybody else is feeling
a little cash around here to another
week ladies and gentlemen of and things
get insane you know we were talking
before and we're not going to go into
this too much but we were talking before
the program of what's going on in Brazil
and bolsa narrows folks there was a
protest what was the protest called it's
a not him pro it's not him approach that
we get for the election and this was the
election of course that it's not the
final election but the one that is going
to lead to the run around yes and there
was a protest not him basically saying
hey this guy's fascist we don't want him
here and specifically a misogynist that
was woman
was sort of it was woman centered mass
demonstration of all people but with a
focus on his misogyny and so you had a
lot of very sort of I don't say banal
but typical women coming out looking
like school teachers and moms and
neighbors and you know doctors and was
not designed to look provocative or
counterculture right it would say yeah
we was looking trying to look Norma I
guess it would be the word and
apparently I don't know who it was bolsa
narrows people put out pictures of a
different protest called what would the
phenol they do it and we don't know it's
it's the basically they disseminate it
through these what's app groups and so
it's people who support bolson are oh it
could it seems like tactics definitely
that you know bannon's certainly at
least connected to bolster our son bowls
narrow denies that Bannon advises him
but you know whatever there's connection
there and they picked images from I
think it was FEMEN is it called but
basically those are Pro they were
popular it was a big thing a couple
years ago woman from Eastern Europe who
would go and protest events naked there
was also other pictures that they had
just of like you know public like like
women like making out and stuff in
public things like that and they sort of
blasted it across these networks and
said these are the non-heme protests and
so it's just you know on some level a a
silly campaign of disinformation on
another level a very effective campaign
and we see this increasingly in you know
Fox News where there's a lot of times
where they put out a mistake in picture
like oh these are the protests and it
turns out no those are not the protests
or I mean they do this often and I don't
know that they do it in a concerted way
or if it's just an accident we don't
know I mean it's odd that it continues
but broadly speaking we are there i I
have a sin
anyways that we are entering into an age
where this is becoming more of a problem
in this country where the ignorance of
people and we have a video by Paul Ryan
just talking about medicare-for-all
which i think is in some ways a similar
tactic and and certainly i think you
know there are when you have a situation
where the secretary of state of a state
like Georgia disenfranchise is tens of
thousands of voters for an election that
he's running in or when you have a
Supreme Court that refuses to hear an
appeal to a ruling by a court dominated
by Republicans that will essentially
throw an election in North Dakota
very very possibly and there's just no
there's no recourse it's just one of
those things that it's just I don't know
it's um
it's a scary time very scary time yeah
can I just read you two things that this
 said this bolson are oh guy sure
he said to a woman representative in
Congress I'm not going to rape you
because you're very ugly yes uh he also
said I'd rather have my son die in a car
accident than have him dating a guy
right now and that gay children should
be whipped
I mean well so there was clearly that
that protest but the idea being is it is
really more about the ability to
reinterpret for people who are you know
for the average voter to reinterpret
what the reality of any given protest is
oh no this is good so it's been a while
since ero advertised on this on this
program and I'm not sure if it's not
because I have been continually pushing
arrow to friends and family
and maybe I don't maybe they sound like
wait why are we still getting all these
links from the majority report code the
Eero home Wi-Fi system brings you a fast
reliable connection in every room of the
house second-generation arrow an arrow
beacon allow you to build a Wi-Fi system
that's perfectly tailored to the home
more than any ever before in my
apartment I would come in and I would
get in some of my rooms I would connect
to my neighbor's Wi-Fi more than mine
because it was so weak until I put my
arrow in when you add arrow plus you get
a total network protection with the
ability to block malicious unwanted
content across your entire network by
checking the sites you visit against the
database of millions of known threats
Eero plus prevents you from accidentally
visiting malicious sites without slowing
anything down zero plus automatically
tag sites that contain violent illegal
or adult content so you can choose what
your kids can and cannot visit right
from the Eero app milah does not
appreciate the fact that I shut down I
can shut down through my arrow app I can
shut down any device that she regularly
uses so her computer her phone they shut
down at a certain time at night and all
of a sudden she has no Wi-Fi like you're
the NSA it's true I am her personal NSA
you can also get rid of annoying ads and
pop-ups and all your devices ad blocking
improves load time for heavy ads sites
you can browse and stream faster than
ever before I love I honestly I love my
era I've pitched it to multiple people
multiple people apartments I mean I
don't know that many people live in
houses but I would imagine in a house
it's even that much more needed the app
is great I can see all the devices that
are on on the arrow and like I say I cut
my my daughter's access and it's it's
sort of fun get 100 bucks off the ero
base unit in two beacons package and a
year of arrow plus by visiting euro ero
comm slash majority entering
majority a tech out that's ero EE ro
dot-com / majority and code majority at
checkout also one of today's sponsors is
news voice comm / majority look we have
increasing concentration of media we all
live in these epistemological bubbles
where we only get the media that we self
select by via Twitter or Facebook or
whatever it is there's a new media
company that's come up with their own
response to these problems it's called
news voice it's an app for iOS and
Android you can access it for free if
you go to news voice dot-com / majority
and it gives you a personalized news
feed by aggregating a mix of mainstream
media sources international sources and
independent media sources multiple
sources are provided for each news story
left and right the entire app is fueled
by crowdsourcing you can upvote stories
you think are important so people will
see them you can add stories to the app
you can add a source that's missing for
a story it's meant to be a completely
open and democratized news aggregator
that lets you get every side of every
story they also have a video interview
series featuring gas from like Chris
Hedges to aoc go download the app for
free at news voice dot-com / majority
news voice dot-com / majority if you're
watching via YouTube put the link under
this video and of course we put the link
in our podcasts description as well and
finally folks just a reminder Casper is
a sleep brand that continues to
revolutionize its line of products to
create an exceptionally comfortable
sleep experience one night at a time
they have three mattress models the
original Casper the wave the essential
Casper mattresses are perfectly designed
to soothe and cradle your natural
geometry not to mention the breathable
design helps you sleep cool and
regulates your body temperature
throughout the night and it is delivered
right to your door in a small how do
they do that size box with free shipping
and returns in the US and Canada free
shipping the best part of course of
Casper is that you get
sleep on your mattress for 100 nights
totally risk-free you sleep on it you
don't like it send it back no thank you
after all you spend one third of your
life sleeping you should be comfortable
folks you know I am also the proud owner
of multiple Casper mattresses as well as
one that went to a relative of mine so
proof is in the pudding
I mean I don't know what that means in
the context of a mattress but the fact
of the matter is these are the most
comfortable mattresses we have in our
homes this all has one and I have one at
the satellite department now that's
right that's the one that's the one that
yeah it's the satellite apartment people
who have a similar situation as I do
with the separations understand I'm
going to the satellite apartment god
dammit there's no context in which I
would say that look get 50 bucks to show
you yesterday I did not say yes you did
what he said we said you have rigify
no satellite if I did not say that get
50 dollars towards select mattresses by
visiting Casper dot-com slash majority
and using majority a check out why would
I even say that in that convoy you
protesting so much I don't know it's a
very strange thing
Casper dot-com / majority offer code
majority going to the satellite
apartment for $50 off your mattress
purchase terms and conditions apply all
right this is I don't what the the race
in Michigan is pretty tight too isn't it
people company need to get out there and
vote for Whitman look there it's you
know Georgia Florida Michigan Wisconsin
Ohio these are huge huge governor races
that Democrats have a very good chance
to pick up these would all be pickups
and Minnesota seems pretty safe right
now these are hugely important I mean I
just can't I know everybody listens this
program is gonna vote but make sure that
you are aware of at least a half a dozen
other people that you know are voting I
just came up with that metric I don't
know what that means but they can't hurt
it's like pay it forward but for voting
exactly and in this guy in Michigan
Whitmore is a pretty good candidate
she's not she wasn't my choice in the
primary I don't vote there of course but
she's a pretty good candidate and she's
been endorsed by I think Bernie came in
and as also it was heads campaign on her
behalf I think but she is running in in
Michigan against this guy Bill Schuette
I don't know what position he holds now
but the idea that a Republican could win
the governorship in Michigan is a
certain disturbing based upon what we've
seen of the Republican Party in the way
that they have treated some of these
cities like a flint and whatnot but he's
the Attorney General the Attorney
General and so shoot on duty is his is
his Twitter handle which is just mmm and
apparently American Bridge which is a
democratic supporting PAC got a hold of
video from 1989 it is it's unclear where
where the video is from but it was some
documentary or industrial or we don't
know but he is being interviewed and the
woman behind the camera asked him could
you move a little bit closer to the what
they call in the business the practical
that is a light that was on in on camera
and so he shifts down and listen how
creepy this guy is not a flattering look
for this guy and I don't know let's make
an assessment of it afterwards
I would be happy to move closer to the
land I will do anything you want some
things I may not let you run the camera
on but I was certainly happily
there's no easy task I admire your
tenacity appreciate your spirit of
Vincent van Gogh
Rembrandt Toulouse Lautrec oh my god
that's that creepy creepy I can feel the
douche chills going all down my spine
right now this is unbelievable it almost
honestly it honestly like I feel like
you could just show this right into a an
episode of The Office and it would
totally fit in except karela's character
was slightly less like evil or something
like there's nothing really it wasn't
like the unintended grossman of a doofus
I like how he tries really impress her
with like first off she's saying I just
want to put you in a you know a good
framing and clearly the guy doesn't know
any film references so so he instead he
said throws out like art history 101
then got toulouse-lautrec
Oh move closer to the light some message
received
exactly they've been married for about
15 years now whose it was like a cross
between creepy like gonzo porn and
Patrick Bateman like a gonzo porn
starring Patrick Bateman who's who's
Patrick Bay fight the guy from American
Psycho but then again that guy was
actually pretty smooth yeah you have a
great sense of nice on scene shoot that
would have been shoot looked like he was
drunk off of his own horniness yes
exactly like I can't believe how blood
rushes away from your brain I did why he
did seem like he was like high on a
percocet or something uh you know what
I'm remind of I forgot about this until
we played the clip this guy tried to
position himself though against the
Schneider in terms of what happened in
Flint of course he gave well he gave
some like press conferences when that
first broke about people going to jail
and stuff and I remember we played it on
the show we were like this guy
a Republican that he would come out
swinging this hard on this so he's
definitely I mean this creepiness aside
and apparently I guess she's up nine
points in a poll but he's been ahead of
the curve and trying to do like I'm not
like all the other racist right criminal
austerity Republican I mean as a german
general does he have any liability over
what's been going on in that state he
doesn't that well he doesn't have lied I
mean I think he's brought charges
against some people with regards to
Flint but he did not take it to the top
he implied in that clip that he was
gonna take it at Schneider back then
right well he does have a history of
coming out hard so god I appreciate your
sense of music really to me though so
Tunisia brought van guy I think he that
must be like a signal but I think he was
Woody Allen fans somebody it was
somebody should ask him if he's boofed
yet because I think he probably was boof
in right there oh my gosh
alright we're gonna take quick break
when we come back we'll be talking I dig
me
[Music]
you
[Music]
Lou Reed for those who are listening on
the podcast satellite of love well done
Matt folks it's casual Friday and on
some casual Fridays we actually get this
casual that we play this song
[Music]
[Music]
there you go
guru who did that Sun hot Cologne hot
Cologne
I don't know who that is but hot Cologne
doing the Digby song Heather a Parton
Digby welcome back to the program thanks
for having me I'm so thrilled to have my
own song yeah right that's pretty good
one and it's like yeah I can try to
remain quite place that song but I I
know it sort of reminds me a little bit
of squeeze it doesn't I love squeeze one
of my favorite bands of the 70s oh it's
very cool
wait squeeze I love it 80s squeezes
eighties they were around in the late
seventies well I was embarrassed to
admit yeah a lot of insanity this week I
mean probably not that different from
other weeks but this I want to talk
about that there is a report now that
the Turks have told US officials that
they have audio and video recordings
that prove that Jamal khashoggi this is
a Washington Post columnist who is a
u.s. resident he had traveled to Turkey
was going to the consulate in Istanbul
to get paperwork stenciling for his
marriage and he went in never came out
and apparently US intelligence services
had word that that Mohammed Ben Solomon
had the crown prince of Saudi Arabia had
basically personally ordered this guy to
be killed and now the Turkish government
is saying that they have audio and video
apparently they bug everywhere in Turkey
that proves that that you can hear the
guy being beaten the guy being killed
and they have played this
or giving it or made US officials aware
of this I just want to remind people we
played this video yesterday but I would
remind this people this is what Donald
Trump's response was I think it was his
second response to the Khashoggi killing
and this is what his response was in the
White House what good is that to us
there are other things we can do yeah
there'll be something that has to take
place first I want to find out what
happened and we're looking again this
took place in Turkey and to the best of
our knowledge Khashoggi is not a United
States citizen is that right it's a
permanent resident okay we don't like it
John we don't like Plaza for one second
I love how Heather that jump says to the
best of our knowledge what is basically
saying it's like I haven't quite read
into this yeah and then someone says he
was a resident okay yeah right okay well
I guess our knowledge is a little more
updated than I thought get Steve Doocy
on the horn here I need to find out if
he was actually an American citizen
