we're back a ladies and gentlemen this
is the majority report I am Sam cedar as
you know we blow the lid off of stories
both domestic and international there is
a major controversy brewing across the
Atlantic Ocean in the UK specifically I
am talking about in England I believe in
London England and to introduce at least
one part of this story that is just
exploding
I will first need to play this song
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now our foreign correspondent Andy
Kindler has found himself in the middle
of the story this time Andy welcome to
the program well thank you can you hear
me I'm calling on a Morse code machine
5:19 47 you know I have to say that your
phone sounds better than it does when
you're in California hey maybe I'm
funnier here though thanks to the
critics well all right is the thing well
here's the thing there's a big brouhaha
think brouhaha over here these London
reviewers first of all they review you
when you land they comment on how good
you deplaned
that's how bad they are that's a rough
critic
all right well I just got notice I have
a friend in in London and said that she
was planning to see you I said did you
see him I'm having him on today because
of that review and she goes oh I'll skip
it's Saturday night
no she's going I'm gonna get the pull
I'm gonna I'm gonna follow up on this
right all right wait so Andy let's just
back up for a minute let's just back up
all right so you're a pop let's push
back don't let me push back you are in
London England let's set the context
when was the last time that you
performed stand-up in London England
2005 which I believe is 13 years ago you
do the math all right I also get 13 now
listen my understanding is this was
before you alienated a big part of Great
Britain by going after what's that guy's
name again
I honestly can't remember is Ricky
Ricky's your base yeah do you want to
give you a sample or one of my Ricky
Gervais Stokes
yeah one sample they say that tonic
Gatsby's one person shown that met
didn't have enough jokes in it yet
everyone's happy with Netflix paying
Ricky Gervais 40 million dollars to do
Caitlyn Jenner can't drive humour that
sounds a little bit more like an
editorial than a joke right I mean
that's not that's alright oh I don't do
jokes anymore no okay it's true yeah
Thank You Gervais yeah did a Ricky
Gervais drop I loved when he laughed I
love these he's so delighted by life
what an idiot all right so so Andy now
where are you where are you performing
where are you performing is this a
performing at the Soho Theatre and that
theater r-e oh that kidding around over
here excuse me the Soho Theatre whoo
okay well they asked me for living all
right so you performed now now this is
one of the things that I find incredibly
annoying about this revue this is coming
from the vulture hound steel chair
magazine the vulture hound see somehow
they have managed to review you in the
future because they call it 10-9 2018
that would be that would that would be
October 9th yet they're trying to play
it off like it was from September 10th
oh I've been yelling at the crowds all
week you idiot you're putting the wrong
number first you you lime ease ok
so you've uh I mean what I I don't know
why we did that why did we switch that
why did we switch it because obviously
they were doing a boy did they do we
switch it we must know we push it
because well you've never King George
that guy couldn't find his own thing
with the thing this was our way of
saying to attack with you King George
although I mean let's be honest why
would you put the day before that well
no it makes more sense the way they do
it right and it was it wasn't tough well
there you go so you picked up all the
logo lingo - I don't really you know
what I like right now is you can really
tell how seething Andy is oh yeah I feel
like underneath that you know they talk
about tears of the clown this is the
rage of the clown Wow
Andy are you mad at Great Britain you
know what I can't take it anymore
Great Britain why did the David Cameron
support us
on when we were going to bomb Syria when
the most brilliant presidents in the
entire history of the world super rock
Obama was going to make the moves David
Cameron attending it yet
I hate it over here I hate fly me
Great Britain why me why me hey why me
hey why me hey hey you who doesn't
understand what my insult means where
like me right great Great Britain more
like mad Britain yeah or like you
weren't shot so that you could use that
you could use that alright so let me let
me just read a little bit from this is
from Charlotte Harrison did you ever
meet her oh she's right here she wants
to give her side Wow she looks like a
totally should we show she looks like a
misery I have to say okay shut up
Charlotte let me go Charlotte let me
read the first part of this shut up it
would be easy to blaring the audience it
would be easy to blame the half full
room for how things played out but it
wasn't the audience's fault
not really Shirley Saturday nights the
time for laughing question mark that's
her idea of a joke surely it is alright
so we go through here and you she says
that you're the comedian's comedian and
she verified that through Twitter some
what she said didn't even believe that
all she did was goes through her Twitter
while she was watching the show she's
like why would I lie about being an
unpopular comedian and so the comedian's
comedian is and I'm popular comedian who
only 15 people like and she thinks she
had to verify that well maybe yeah it's
somewhat verified through a quick
Twitter score scroll which revealed
numerous well-known comedians had been
in touch with him and were advocating
going to seek inlets first UK shows in
13 years so she got the dish with them
that's that's a different way of okay
Michael now I put new you before Michael
oh good
probably best notice now so aunty let me
let me go go on it said she writes it
felt like the audience was being told
off both for not being big enough crowd
and for not laughing enough this might
have been regarded as being justified if
enough reasons to laugh had been
provided the hour-long is funnier than
Ricky Gervais I was gonna say she seems
like I got like she seems like a lot of
fun
the hour-long set was comprised with
large majority of comments about the
audience and the lack therefore of
responses rather than providing them
with actual jokes to laugh at this is
called crowd worth I don't don't
minimize it that bad I wasn't asking
people where they were from I was
commenting on how poorly they were
receiving me that yeah it's like it's I
like to be like hostile dave rubin and
gay people tonight why is nobody
laughing I love that Dave Rubin stand up
oh what a joke when a joke did land
Kindler then stuck with it utilizing the
formula of repeating various
incantations Oh incarnation sorry of the
joke until the laughter diminished can
we talking about how he had pushed past
the punchline and should have stopped
before talking about how little laughter
he was being provided with it's called
meta commentary on the cop maybe she's
not cerebral enough to understand what
he's doing Andy is deconstruction big
alternative comedy fan yeah let's see
there's never been a bit oh okay okay
and now and she said the problem raps
might have been the audience to get what
they were expecting this was a function
of your of your marketing campaign Andy
the fact
his set is entitled quote the ugly
America tour along with the marketing
materials soundbite of quote over ten
years have passed since Andy Kindler
performed in the UK and there's never
been a better time for him to make his
Ameri exit then right now many may have
presumed they were going to get an hour
of structured comedic socio-political
commentary Andy were you not doing an
hour of structured comedic
socio-political commentary what
basically everything I said about my act
she repeated in the article I have no
structure he has no structure that's all
she did she took my own ass and she used
it against me
instead the set didn't have a clear
structure at all when not discussing the
audience lack of laughs Kindler relied
on jokes about Hitler being Jewish and
having OCD now again this is very
suspiciously like the strategies I'd not
take on this show Andy did I stop that
for one second because my the great John
Doerr wrote me a DM and he said it would
be great if she had left the comma out
of that sentence because it would have
been relied on jokes about Hitler being
Jewish yeah we relied on jokes about
Hitler being Jewish and having OCD would
have read like I didn't know anything I
he couldn't touch any dead body
he killed refused to touch it could you
imagine Hitler's Jewish mom I know
you're killing everybody but you don't
have time to call your mother mother
when Hitler turned off for electricity
exactly I'm sorry mom I tried to call
you next week I'm very busy now what
happened with this whole thing you bring
up louis c.k and two audience members
stood up and left okay Ike I say this is
the best part of the article
in the middle of the show this I started
talking about louis c.k i did my bit
about how i have OCD but and I'm afraid
I've done everything I'm afraid that I'm
gonna get caught but not once in my life
had I ever worried did I expose myself
to a younger comedian in a situation
that allowed me to exert my power so
that was the bit I was doing they set up
I think they thought I was doing a pro a
pro louis c.k but maybe because he gets
up and he says I have to go home because
Harvey Weinstein's babysitting for my
kids helmet and then his wife says
flatly I'm going to get a refund okay so
they leave one guy in the front says I
could say right yes one guy the
first is off they call that much
she called that mob mentality okay so a
second dude the one guy in the on my
side right yeah okay so you had you had
some fans there this was not the
audience when they with you they were
all enjoying it
but as the guy left after making his
hilarious Harvey Weinstein joke and his
wife saying he's getting a refund the
guy yells to him is he living why just
 off and she claims that mob
mentality not mob mentality the guy
standing up and heckling me she's fine
with that what wasn't unclear was how
displeased the few diehard fans within
the audience were at his interruption
the jeer there were jeers targeted at
the parting couple accompanied with a
 and a off it was a moment
of mob mentality that was truly
uncomfortable to witness why is this is
this the first comedy show he's ever
been - no but she's actually the person
who interrupts the show back to mob
mentality he thinks it's okay to heckle
the show do your Harvey Weinstein joke
disturb the show and everybody else
should be nice about that you know
what's what's also funny is the idea of
Andy Kindler what you know getting a
frothing mob up there's nothing get the
 out
that's right everybody everybody get out
 you Ricky Gervais and
Louie - and you follow him out and then
come back and then I'll do routines but
I have this image of you running through
the streets of London carrying a torch
with a bunch of like soccer hooligans
following you ready to beat up people on
the streets Louie will not replace us
but a thing that's made me I really that
one knocked me for a loop because I have
never ever heard anyone say the good
part of the show was when someone
disturbed it and yelled has walked out
and he was very rude to that I was rude
to the people leaving that's what I say
oh no you do now what can you do as this
has this this this review this spurious
review as far as I'm concerned has it in
any way Marda tendance at your program
at your show it's bill Marge attendance
now about them let me tell you this that
here's the thing here's how I knew I was
doomed here's how I knew what I was
doing didn't London I've had like a you
know a third of a house a half of a
house that kind of a thing which I'm
used to I knew I was doing the first
time I tweeted something funny but I
thought was funny during the day here at
London and I got like eight likes
they have no idea who I am and I and
them and then so they're not gonna come
down to see me that's what I'm thinking
well I Got News for you we have a lot of
British listeners you are there to
Saturday the 15th at the Soho Theatre
and I think two shows tonight and
tomorrow alright today's the 14th
tomorrow oh geez
so how many shows have you done there I
mean have they been okay a lot oh I
finished the
site was hard but the first thing really
was truly horrible and I was reviewed by
chortle you know chortle chortle and I'm
I was familiar with portal like back to
fog but chortle okay and they said they
gave it they gave me three and a half
stars so I said I'm a restaurant
you wouldn't choose to dine at three and
a half stars is a good out of five I'd
eat there I'm not going to a folk' I'm
not going to a four four and a half I
don't have the cash for that dude so if
you google nearest comedy club and 3/2
1/2 stars comes up not bad right I'm
there before I go to five I don't want
the crowds oh but here's the thing I've
been having fun but the good news is
that they literally have no idea who
Bill Maher is won't work because they
don't know who that jerk is so are there
do have you been doing any Ricky Gervais
material yes I love the what do you call
I love when you use the French I love
that you will never get his name quite
right it's light isn't it does he like I
I'm from I'm from in Worcester we have a
lot of French Canadians and so I am very
particular in the Ricky Gervais is I'm
pretty sure it's Ricky Gervais he
doesn't pronounce maybe he's on the lam
I don't know but it's Gervais Ricky sure
they don't even know and they don't even
know Dane cocklebur I do Dane Cook
reference crickets nothing I don't know
this is your vase stuff go over well oh
yes because everybody hates him last
really like that hard laugh getting it
out finally in a public place
