on the phone it's a pleasure to welcome
back to the program tree to Parsi he is
the author of losing an enemy Obama Iran
and the triumph of diplomacy welcome
back to the program treati thank you so
much appreciate it
so yesterday I believe it was yesterday
Benjamin Netanyahu provided sort of I
guess a little bit of a remedial TED
talk on the Iranian nuclear program as
he called it give us a sense of what he
actually presented he actually presented
nothing new he essentially focused his
presentation on activity Iran had
engaged in between 1999 and 2003 which
had some military dimensions and the
world already knew this this was nothing
new whatsoever in fact there are reasons
to believe that the Israelis actually
did not hack you on they hacked the IAEA
and got this information from the IAEA
rather than the Iranians because in July
2015 as part of the nuclear deal as a
spied agreement livonians agreed to
cooperate with the IAEA investigation
and handover all the information that
was requested as well as make all of the
individuals involved in these activities
available to the IAEA to interview the
IAEA then completed that report by
December 2nd 2015 and concluded that
they were now content and that the
matter could be closed and the board of
governors of the IAEA 35 countries voted
unanimously to close this file if
Netanyahu wanted to open that file again
he needed to produce something new
present something that changed his
picture he did not do that he only
reinforced what people already knew if
he had made a claim which he did it he
insinuated and he wanted to leave the
people with the impression that Iran had
continued these activities after 2009 or
after 2015
but he presented no evidence of that if
he had that evidence he should have
presented it if he doesn't then he has
not changed anything and so I mean who
was the audience and for that for that
that I guess presentation if we call it
a because I get the sense there's really
just there's about one person who he was
really trying to reach with that thing
well I'm actually not even sure about
that because I don't think this was done
in order to convince Oh Trump of
anything Trump already is convinced that
he wants to kill the deal this may
actually have been done in coordination
with the Trump administration to make a
public case that will make the decision
to kill the deal less politically costly
that may have been their calculation
because then they can say or they
thought they could say that they are now
killing the nuclear deal not because
Ivana has violated anything that the
IAEA has caught but because the Israelis
have have revealed information that
clearly puts Iran in a negative light
and as a result that's the justification
from pulling out of the Nubia so who sue
who is that maybe the case that they're
building up I think they completely
failed if you see the media reporting on
this it's quite clear they you know
there's nothing new in there so it's not
really anything that he managed to
impact so who are they trying there to
convince would that have been the
American public because it seems to me
the European allies I mean at the at the
highest levels the intelligence agencies
of the European allies who were involved
were also part of this Iran deal people
should remember this is not a unilateral
deal between the United States and
Israel this is a multi-party deal they
must surely if if if we can look at this
and see that there's holes that he's not
even making an assertion that this is
ongoing that he's simply repeating what
was a National Intelligence Estimate I
think from 2007 that the CIA said yeah
they had a program that they had come up
with some plans they stopped in 2003
if he can't present anything to convince
lay people they can't be thinking that
they're actually going to convince
European partners do they I don't think
they think they can convince the
European partners but if you have lazy
reporting in the United States a
presentation like this combined with
what appears to have been a deliberate
misspelling in the White House's
press release yesterday in which they
said that the United States is convinced
that Iran has an robust clandestine
weapons program not had but has then you
are starting to create that type of a
misconception that led 79 percent of the
American people to believe that Saddam
Hussein was behind 9/11 and as a result
the invasion of Iraq was justified it
seems to be part and parcel of that
process in just a little bit more clumsy
and a little bit more skepticism from
the public because we've already been
through that charade like this before
okay so just give us a sense of of of
what I mean what would be the endgame
from the Israeli perspective and frankly
from the perspective of someone like
John Bolton I mean what would be the
endgame
once you scrap this deal with Iran what
what next once you scratch this deal
with Iran you will either have massive
sanctions re-imposed on Iran or it will
go as far as a military confrontation in
both of those scenarios the balance of
power they believe will shift in Israel
and Saudi Arabia's direction right now
the result of the Iraq invasion the
Iranians have managed to rise in the
region expand their influence and this
is primarily calm at the cost of the
u.s. of influence Israel and Saudi
Arabia's influence in the region and the
Israeli than the salary to have been
pushing this on the US for the last ten
years they wanted a military
confrontation to be able to go back to
the three two thousand three balance of
power that existed when Iran was
isolated and contained in the region if
you kill the nuclear deal you can snap
back these sanctions
once again crippled Iranian economy and
shift the balance in the favor of Israel
and Saudi Arabia or you can go even
further
by having a military confrontation which
the Israelis certainly believe if the
u.s. conducts will lead to a scenario in
which Iran will be significantly
weakened this is not about nuclear
weapons this is not about the nuclear
program it's even not really about
regime change it's about the balance of
power in the region and the Israelis and
the Saudis know that they cannot shift
it in their favor on their own they can
only do so if they can rent the American
military I mean forgive me if this
sounds naive but what does that mean
from a like a tangible perspective this
the if there was a shift in the balance
of power what what does that mean on a
daily or even like a yearly basis what
is the tangible impact or results of a
change in a balance of power well you
have to remember right now the Middle
East is in flux we don't have a stable
situation we don't have an equilibrium
in the region as a result what we're
seeing right now is the trajectory
continues which is what the Israelis and
the Saudis fear you will likely see the
Iranians become more influential as will
the Russians and others so just take a
look at what's happening in Syria right
now it is the Iranians and the Russians
primarily that are calling this out this
is a very worrisome perspective you know
scenario from the Israeli perspective
and certainly from the Saudi perspective
we are not in a region that actually has
an established order in which the rules
of the game are there and whatever
shifts in power occur are limited
because the order is not going to be
challenged by any specific party we are
in an order less Middle East and the
struggle right now is to establish that
new equilibrium and all great powers
will seek to do so in a way that is
obviously beneficial to them this is
what makes the Middle East very similar
to all other regions this is exactly
what happened in Europe before as well
differences that the Israelis and the
Saudis know that they cannot do this on
their own they don't have the power to
be able to change the climate for their
film in their favor they can only do so
if they can stuck the United States into
this concert and
there I mean so the Israelis genuinely
believe that there can be a some type of
ground war in Iran and that the United
States can come out of it victorious I
mean what they seem I've not heard them
to say anything about ground war it
would mainly be a combination of first
weakening the country significantly
through sanctions supporting ethnic
separated Christmas groups in the border
areas that would then further weak in
the Iranian state and then you add
military strikes through mainly air very
limited ground invasion I would imagine
and that would be enough to essentially
cause the crumbling of Iran and then you
will have perhaps a similar situation as
you're seeing in Syria today you didn't
have to invade the country militarily
but enough has been done to make sure
that that country is essentially a
collapsed State and that has no capacity
to really call the challenge to Israel
or to whichever country would be seeing
can benefit shortly okay in you know
during that during the iraq-iran war it
was a very interesting statement that
came out of Tariq Aziz who was Saddam
Hussein's foreign minister and he put it
very clearly he said it is much easier
to be the neighbors of six small Iran
than one big Iran indicating that their
preference was to do something that
would cause the Iranian state to
collapse as internal civil war leading
to six different states rather than one
United even right so the idea would be
to destabilize the country and just
lessen its ability to deliver a sort of
cohesive cohesive I guess foreign policy
from their perspective or cohesive
ability to strike anywhere or just
injure it in some fashion and and what
is the danger of something like that I
mean well you know aside from obviously
the the the moral implications of
crippling a state and creating a failed
state I suppose we're seeing what the
potential dangers are when you look at
what came out of Afghanistan in 2001
and what what what are the other dangers
in creating a failed state what was
exactly once you have a sale say first
of all the destabilization is nicely not
going to be contained to the Middle East
itself it is likely going to spill over
to other regions
whether through terrorist groups being
able to find a foothold whether it is
drug cartels or whether it is simply is
a massive flow of refugees I mean they
could look at Syria we're talking about
a country of 25 million people
Iran is 80 million people and Iranians
actually have a strong diaspora as a
result of the Revolution roughly one
sorry two or so million Iranians live in
the West so you have a lot of family
connections so you can imagine a
destabilization of Iran leading to
massive massive refugee flows and we
have already seen how Europe is
incapable of handling Syrians coming
into to Europe you can imagine how much
tougher would be if a country three
times the size of Syria were to be
destabilized so this is beyond the moral
implications as you mentioned of know
the completely morality of destabilizing
a country the belief that this should be
contained is utterly naive this will
spread and it will make everyone a loser
alright I have just two more questions
that may be tangential there reports
that Secretary of Secretary of State
Pompeo is was pressuring the the Saudis
to pull back on their war with or within
Yemen but what do you make of that I
mean that seems like a slight turn
around sorry I did it quite quite catch
the entire question well there's a
report from the New York Times that Mike
Pompeo was in Saudi Arabia this weekend
and he was pressuring the Saudi
government to to end the war in Yemen is
this is this in any way related to I
mean we
are we seeing maneet ups that are being
lined up in that instance okay
please yeah I do believe so because
Pompey I went there and he pressed
Audi's to end their beef with Qatar and
end the war in Yemen and he made it
quite clear in order to be able to have
a united front against Iran and making
sure that all resources are put towards
this confrontation with Iran that the
Trump administration is preparing you
cannot allow be allowing yourself to be
distracted with a silly fight with Qatar
or to this ongoing war in Yemen that is
not only destroying that country but is
also bleeding the sounding in a way that
is unhelpful if you want everyone to
focus on Iran so that is an indication
at the very least that there is an
attempt to there's a bit of a wind-up
here I guess I certainly believe so I
mean when you take a look at everything
that is happening in particular when you
take into consideration that the people
that are now around from are individuals
who have been arguing to go down this
path for years Bolton in particular has
been very open about his ideas of
pursuing war and be civilization in Iran
and now he's at the NSC and have the
ability to turn those ideas into policy
all right well a treat a Parsi thank you
so much for your time today I know
you're you're a busy man today and we
would like to have you back and we can
maybe do a more comprehensive
the the treaty which very well this this
Iran deal may next time we have you back
on maybe just in the midst of perhaps
falling apart unfortunately but we will
talk to you again thank you so much Rita
Parsi right thank you so much
