calling from a 267 area code who's this
we come from hi hello hello your name
hello my name is Jeffrey hello Jeffrey
well Jeffrey Jeffrey hey Don I'm long
from Philadelphia
okay Jeff from Philadelphia Jeffrey
sorry good hey Don I just wanted to get
something off my chest
I uh I've been listening you guys for a
lot what you particularly for a long
time since air America we're on look
like Chuck D and Rachel Maddow and
whatnot so a long time and uh you know I
remember when you know John Kerry was
gonna be the savior of the Democratic
Party so that's how far back I go but uh
I just don't understand I mean I don't
want to be you know it's not as you as
much as say like Young Turks and oh god
I'm gonna mention Jimmy Dore but I mean
too late it's just one of the Democratic
Party just stop being good enough I mean
this a lasagna or kzo cortes thing is
that's lovely but what does it really
matter in the grand scheme of things
she's not flipping a Republican seat
she's not adding to the 218 number she's
one of 435 senators should be a
backbencher for two years at least right
dares to go against the leadership
she'll get stripped of all the community
ships cuz that's how it works because
you got a herd cats that's what it's all
about right so I don't understand what
I'm supposed to be all that excited well
I think the exciting thing about her is
that she's going in she's fundraising
across the country for more progressive
Katie's I mean if your agenda is to have
a Democratic Party that is more
progressive she is a traffic on my
agenda my agenda is to have two hundred
this is not the year for that that's the
thing that's my problem my agenda is
that 218 51 and 26 that's all I care
about Hitler could come back from the
dead and run as a Democrat and I would
vote for him if it would mean that we
had the majority backs cuz okay Ann has
some swell okay okay this is not the
time to run I understand it but wait
wait really
the Democratic Party so here's what
there's no jumper so it's gentlemen to
put up power free let me ask you a
question let's just start let's just
start at the margins who is going to who
is going to get more Democrats to come
out and vote Hitler or aoc that's cute
but well no no dude no no she's wanting
to get more Democrats to vote than Joe
Connelly would then then her and Tommy
wasn't good enough Joe Crowley I
understand what was wrong with them yeah
Crowley excuse me why don't you ask I
understand why he wasn't good enough he
would have gotten just as many Democrats
use me we'll stop stop Doug didn't
matter stop talking for a second you
asked me a question let me answer it
yeah I'm sorry I'll tell you why Joe
Crowley didn't wasn't gonna get more
Democrats out than Alexandria occasio
Cortes and all I need to do is show you
the numbers he lost he lost she has the
ability to bring out more Democrats than
Joe Crowley that's what the election
proved she's going but if he had won it
do you think if he had won this year we
would not be talking about him do I
think there's more Democrats in that
district who are gonna vote for Joe
Crowley than aoc I will bet you every
single thing I own
that her winning vote tally will be
higher than almost any well certainly
any off year election now we can't
disaggregate returning the way that's
gonna be reverie why it's not just gonna
be her exactly exactly Jeffords
so what are we learned wait a sec you
better wait a second what have we
learned that this period of time is
actually the best time to get better
Democrats in because it's agonised it's
cause I want you reporting we just just
agreed with me that she is going to get
in work
you mean nothing about government
Jeffery on actress in New York are you
joking excuse me Jeffrey you just her
better Democrats I don't like what you
consider better Democrat well okay
that's the nut that's the issue okay
that's fine if you want to disagree with
me as to what makes a better Democrat
but you have not a shred of evidence in
fact you have a debate that wait let me
tell you what the debate is and then we
can debate it Jeffrey alright oh shoot
where did he go yeah oh yeah no I'm
gonna put it back in them Jeffrey I
didn't hang up on Jeffrey listen I'm
gonna bring you back into the queue but
I want you to be quiet all right
just just wait until I finished the
premise I'm willing to debate with you
what makes a better Democrat but if you
want to argue to me that Joe Crowley
will get more votes than Alexandra
occasio cortes we can't test that
because he already lost to her and when
I say to you she's gonna get more votes
than he has in any off year election in
his history he was in for twenty years
you say to me yeah but they're all gonna
get that so if your premise is they're
not as electable you have already
disproven that premise so if you want to
argue to me that andrew Cuomo is a
better Democrat let's say then Cynthia
Nixon I'm willing to have that argument
with you but don't make it about getting
elected because you've already lost that
argument all right I will concede that
point to you okay so I'm perfectly
willing to I think Cynthia Nick deprived
you want - I'm sorry glad why do I think
Cynthia Nixon would make a better
governor of New York State and Andrew
Cuomo yeah Andrew Cuomo is horribly
corrupt Andrew Cuomo's also horribly
qualified as it also horribly qualified
III don't know what that means
I mean what in Cynthia Nixon what are
Cynthia mix-ins qualification what will
be her first order in office what does
she know about anything other than
acting
what was during those first officers
there England's opening that can be just
as bad as corruption I agree with you I
agree with you and I think there's
definitely question as to whether or not
she has the executive administrative
skills to to do that that job I think
that's a valid question I just think
that Andrew Cuomo is incredibly corrupt
and was I don't agree enabled the
Republicans for the last eight years are
you aware of the IDC
yeah because he runs a state that isn't
all New York City and that was that was
since he makes his big mistake she ran
like she was running for mayor of New
York City nobody in Schenectady or
Lackawanna or Buffalo gives a crap about
the New York subway she won in those
play now that's fine as long runs right
she won upstate well it doesn't matter
she still didn't run on issues they may
may have voted for anyway but she didn't
I listened to her and all her issues
were pretty much New York City specific
because she knew your business usually
talking excuse me look at the map public
in all look what the New York look at
the electoral map all right the reason
why Andrew Cuomo won is because he won
New York City look at the map alright
fair enough
not to this another ending we don't
ballad she is unqualified to be a
governor of a large state not to mention
the arrogance it takes to say it one day
you know what I'm gonna try my for a you
know be honest was that deep really
random like the reason why she ran Jeff
Jeffrey the reason why she ran was
because people are trying to prevent
Andrew Cuomo for running and being a
viable candidate for the presidency and
so sheer and essentially to win will
never be a viable candidate for
president I mean that's ridiculous well
you know who thinks you're wrong he
won't be you know who thinks you're
wrong Andrew Cuomo yeah he was liking
this call so far fine that's fine but
I'm pretty sure Andrew I'm pretty sure
Corey book there's gonna be the
presidential nominee from the Democratic
Party well that's amazing people's
driveways you can't pay for that kind of
publicity so right yeah all right well I
but I don't understand what you're
pointing I mean he's gonna be the guy
uh well look I appointment I disagree my
point is that suddenly it seemed that
left wing wing Democrats have decided
that being the left wing version of
Trump and putting completely unqualified
candidates up for election just because
they're a celebrity in her case or their
you know they have some kind of like or
they don't the of course the the the
purity test of they don't take corporate
money you know that wait a second first
the radicular stop Jeffrey did you
really listen to me on air America or
you confuse somebody else because I
wasn't on I would tell you I was not on
like Rachael show it Randy Rhoads and
Mike Malloy and they Rachel Maddow and
Chuck did you listen to my show there
because all we did yeah was talk about
about getting rid of the DLC and getting
rid of corporate Democrats and we got a
guy do you like Jon Tester yeah I know
Jon Tester
do you like Jon Tester he's alright I
don't live in Montana so I don't really
know the issues that he deals with there
okay well you don't live in ie Democrat
votes mostly we're Democrats right
that's how you know what Jon Tester was
doing Matt nor John test we do you know
what John tester was doing when Marcus
milita's found him as a way of defeating
the DLC candidate he was a tractor
he was also yeah that's fine working out
that a GOP one outcome was okay that
it's gonna be like that every time again
I don't know guy in the White House the
guy in the White House and that just
proves your point so what are we talking
about well I just saw a poll that said
okay listen I just saw a poll of
Democratic voters that voting against
Trump is not enough to bring them out
that's now maybe you have different data
that's out there okay yeah well because
people who did not vote listen listen
just listen just listen
yeah probably Jeffrey are voting for try
understanding and what everything is
you're forcing Democrats you go to those
Republican effort instead of pandering
to the Bernie bros no Jeffrey
listen to me I don't know what you're
talking about I just told you that
people who didn't vote in 2016 are not
gonna come out to vote to vote against
Trump okay
largely I imagine where are they gonna
come out to vote for either probably
gonna come out to vote at all well if
not I mean you're arguing so what is the
argument you're gonna get you're gonna
get disaffected Republicans to vote
because you know the reason I think GOP
Oriya and Democrats there to go hunt for
the votes of disaffected Republicans
because they're not gonna go beg and for
promised crap they can't sell like
Medicare for all because they're one
person and it takes at least two hundred
and eighteen people to pass something
like that just I don't understand what
you see that's what you're saying that
people in Peoria shouldn't support
Medicare for all and no what I'm saying
is that the minority party that is
running should not be running on policy
without a leader to lead it that's what
I'm saying you can't have hi 218 people
running around all espousing different
policies that's not how it works well I
Got News for ya they're all going around
right message everybody get in lines
like a jug rock dude dude they're all
running on health care right now they're
all running on health care and how are
they gonna do that while Trump is
president why are they running on health
care right now they all of them see
their poll II think it worked for the
tea party it worked for the tea party
anyone on anything they just went on we
need Obama what are you talking about
they why would my kid did you pay
attention they didn't run they it's not
just they ran on Obama they ran the
whole Tea Party was started because of
the bailouts cuz poor people are getting
money because the government cuz they
ran against they ran against health care
it started it when Obama
the nominee for president and it was
gonna be but it didn't work with one
rally we did gradual for inauguration
day it didn't work when you break it
didn't work when he thats also another
good jeffrey they already call people
like Nancy Pelosi socialists anyways
it's irrelevant what the policy is no
one I guess I got it because hi I'm
Adolf Hitler you might disagree with me
on my previous record however I do have
executive experience Donald Trump is an
 and Cynthia Nixon is absolutely
outrageous in attempting to leave
without experience it is time that we
have a leadership that has put in the
time you know it's nice about you know
where they got that sink the trains ran
on time
I mean come on you know it's nice about
this rising wave of left populist
progressives democratic socialists or
whatever you want to call them they want
to give that guy healthcare - yeah I
don't I was actually right especially a
lack of undersize what was that guy's
name
the vast majority get health care the
overwhelming majority of Democrats
running successfully to the extent that
we have polls for every race out there
we don't but successfully they are
running on health care that is when you
look at the success that Democrats have
had in the special elections health care
was the overwhelming issue that they ran
on if Cynthia Nixon began running as a
state Rep I would respect this I know
ever I would agree that I would not if I
was Cynthia Nixon I wouldn't have
focused so much on the subways I would
have gone more for corruption I would
have gone for broader issues earlier but
that's a different question and just
obvious though that she stepped out a
grenade for us there was no other
candidate like this is actually if
anything the best way to look at Cynthia
Nixon is she was a noble citizen
activist absolute did a massive amount
to you know we always say destroy the
IDC essentially which has major
implications for the state and
Andrew Cuomo he took her a lot more
seriously than the caller did because he
was out spinning and trying to reinvent
himself actually by the way going back
to Bernie Sanders in 2016 was when Cuomo
started to try to pivot when that guy
got elected governor I do remember his
first order of businesses at least as
far as I know it was cut taxes for
millionaires defin cut school funding
yep
and privatized schools and I would add
up with to the reason why Cynthia Nixon
ran is because no politician in New York
would run against Cuomo there wasn't one
that's why she ran and it was the same
in 2014 bill de blasio wouldn't even
formally endorse her like that's another
thing the people needs I think it really
gets through there that's Cuomo yeah de
Blasio and Cuomo are enemies they have a
Cuomo's tried to undermine him every
step of the way they have all sorts of
you know rivalry and and de Blasio's big
like fu was I'm staying neutral let
alone not having the hoods boat to run
against him Cindy Nixon had to do that
she do that like you would be the other
person on the list and I don't mean that
like as an insult I mean literally like
literal there isn't a list literally yep
I wrote about this in my op-ed for NBC
like there were so so many factors the
raid against her winning she was never
gonna win and that's not what this was
about
but the idea that there's to make an
argument that trying to get the most
progressive candidates is going to hurt
these candidates based upon zero data in
fact all the data is running against
that I'm not saying that Heidi Heitkamp
should be out there saying well I think
she should talk about expansion with
Social Security and frankly you know
some expansion improvement on health
care
they wouldn't hit in the health care the
lawsuit Trump and min has to take away
the mandate or what is it about to take
away not just the mandate but also the
pre-existing condition right the
pre-existing condition and Heidi
Heitkamp has been running on that yeah
okay
Heidi Heitkamp now Jeffery in Philly may
know better than Heidi Heitkamp what's
gonna work in no
Dakotah even though he doesn't seem to
know about what happens in montana but
heidi heitkamp understand i mean health
care has been running and it's it's not
to privatize the system more it is
she's from when she talks about the idea
that they would roll back pre-existing
conditions that is promoting the
regulatory state the in what folks like
Bernie and AOC have done is they have
moved the conversation as to what is
mainstream they have moved it to the
left that is just the reality they
weren't the only people that was
happening at the end of the Obama
administration to where you had the full
complement of Senate Democrats come out
and vote for expansion of Social
Security which was a huge turnaround
from just eight years earlier five years
earlier four years earlier but it
accelerated with Bernie and so that's
where the value is now if you and if all
you care about is getting Democrats in
there to defeat Trump which I agree with
which is why usage and you know said I'm
we've got to get Andrew Cuomo elected
and every other Democrat on the ticket
elected because she also knows that when
people go out and vote for Cuomo they go
down the list and they check off ddd
down in congress - right that's just the
way that people vote we're gonna need to
vote for ahead of Hitler if you have a
problem if you have a problem with
specific issues but you're trying to
argue that Democrats are going to lose
because they're moving left and there's
no data to support that argument at all
all we have is the data that we've seen
it working across the state in fact the
only major loss that we can point to in
the special elections is down in Georgia
with aasif and he had the same
consultants that basically I think
picked every other loser around which
was ride the center also this
I said it in more intense terms than I
ever would have but like if you're if
Democrats are winning by running Hitler
like what is the point of having
Democrats win like what what do you get
from that yeah I mean I have to concede
on that point I would say that if Hitler
that that's a I'm pretty strong on this
lesser of two evils and party block
voting things but we don't know calm
down there's running against it that's
true
Hitler could be running against double
Hitler that's exactly it
right yeah I could be running against
Steve King and I won which case I vote
for Hitler
