one
I
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
conference rooms of any ELISA they are
unanimous for me we must guard against
the acquisition of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by the
military-industrial complex dama chard a
report with sam cedar
[Music]
it is Monday November 6 2017 my name is
Michael Brooks and this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrious Gowanus Canal in the
heartland of America downtown Brooklyn
USA on today's program
I'll Alyssa but steamy buts Tony Botti
Stoney on sir thriving not surviving
climate change the environment and our
democratic socialist future be talking
with her about the right way to respond
to Trump's assault on the environment
BBC reporting on paradise papers tax
havens the secrets of the ultra rich a
consortium of more than 90 news
organizations has revealed that
shockingly the globe's plutocrats don't
pay their share of taxes who'd a thunk
it not fair not fair
Ed Gillespie running a mini Trump ultra
bigoted xenophobic race for Virginia's
governor gubernatorial race as people
head to the polls tomorrow there and in
New Jersey and in New York City will
that model further entrench nativism and
xenophobia in the GOP Rand Paul got beat
up by his neighbor very weird story
Saudi King is making moves on rival
factions of the royal family under the
guise of fighting corruption and a very
questionable helicopter accent accident
takes out one of the Saudi royals Trump
in Japan essentially siding with
Japanese ultra far-right nationalists to
restart Japanese military and the way
they should of course restarted is
by Bank webkinz from s and Trump wins
about 70 visas to bring foreign workers
as maids in tomorrow Lago and apparently
Robert Mueller might have enough
intelligence enough information to press
charges against both Mike Flynn and dad
Mike one junior as the perp walks
hopefully continue as the og Robert
Mueller circles in on the Habsburg
family meets Colombo Habsburg dynasty
meets Colombo family the Trump
administration all that and more on
today's majority report of course you
know there was a this atrocity in Texas
yesterday as it stands now 226 people
were dead in a mass shooting at a mega
church at a church in rural Texas the
gunman is also dead the victims aged
ranges from 5 to 72 I had actually just
read that the youngest might have been
18 months and according to updated
information that I've seen uh obviously
this is of course not the time to talk
about policy it's a time to kind of sort
of offer you know prayers and then vague
random demonization of people who
struggle with mental health issues but
as I always say the way to frame this
issue is that there is a domestic arms
cartel in this country there's an
interest group that represents them they
have absolutely no regard care concern
for public safety their lives of any
form they are an incredibly dangerous
absolutely lives discarding business
their bagman and the GOP are going to do
whatever they want in calm
no matter what because their own
subsidiary of this dangerous cartel and
the and the NRA that represents them and
this might essentially just boil down to
this is gonna need to be direct consumer
action a mass public shame of anybody
profits from these industries it's
disgusting
this tragedy will make no difference
from a policy standpoint and obviously
will make no difference in the
conscience of any of the people that
work in this industry and that that's
really I mean we're gonna play some more
sound on this later because obviously
there was any number of insane and
disgusting comments that were made about
this but you know that's the basic
summary there's an arms cartel holds the
country hostage
it has a frontline propaganda
organization the NRA which is incredibly
adroit exploiting the racial paranoia's
the fears the xenophobia the whole
conspiracy lizard brain of Trump and
Alex Jones and all the rest and then
there's a Republican Party who both
because of campaign contributions and a
certain part of their voting base and a
kind of national propaganda network are
never gonna do anything about it so we
got a focus on holding these companies
directly accountable and mass public
shaming their leadership because they're
all complicit on let's let me actually
before we do that do you have some ads
we have to get to well no you know we
should have a palate cleanser before we
do that Donald Trump is in Japan and
they're laughing at us they're literally
that Donald Trump is such an
embarrassment that even people like me
that don't place a whole lot of stock in
like how are we bleedin perceived
overseas because the reality is is that
if we're engaging in awful policies
overseas there's only so much that it
can matter what you know the sort of
personal style of the president but the
fact that this guy is an incredible
bloviating jackass on top of an
greasing civilian casualties in a place
like Afghanistan does not help this is
that these are images of Donald Trump
with Shinzo Abe a we have the burger
photo first this is after they played
golf there in Japan and of course Donald
Trump in Japan needs a Coke and a burger
because he's an overgrown child with a
mush brain sure you don't want to eat
with chopsticks chins oh yeah she until
you met chops it chiki chiki chiki chiki
rice rice but I'll have a burger and
then I then they have the the human
table a both have now to make a lot make
alliances even greater signed hats a
knob a kind of has this sort of like no
god this guy's a North Korea might
literally actually do something to my
country
and this idiot is the one that I have to
work with to figure this crisis out so
there is Trump in Asia where you can
tweet threats to murder millions of
people in the Korean Peninsula and pick
a fight with Steph Curry very
presidential very presidential it is in
fact totally embarrassing blue apron is
number one in fresh ingredients and
restaurant a recipe delivery service in
the country blue aprons mission is to
make an incredible home cooking
accessible to everyone
Lutheran achieves this by supporting a
more sustainable food system setting the
highest standards for ingredients and
building a community of home chefs check
out some of these featured upcoming
meals crispy wild Alaskan Pollock and
garlic mashed potatoes with roasted
broccoli and tartar sauce cheesy
broccoli baked pasta with crispy time
bread calms seared steaks and garlic
brother with oven fries and romaine
salad roasted chicken and fall vegetable
with cranberry and ginger compote I have
had a lot of blue apron meals and I'm
gonna need to I'm I think I'm gonna be
moving soon I'm gonna have to set up I'm
gonna have to get a blue apron
membership every meal I've had blue
apron
unbelievably tasty and insanely easy to
put together check out this week's menu
and get 30 off of your first order with
free shipping by going to blue apron
comm slash majority you'll love how good
it feels feels and tastes to create
incredible home put cooked meals with
blue apron so don't wait that's blue
apron comm slash majority blue apron a
better way to cook and as everybody
knows from Sam's kvetching I've had to
do a lot of traveling over the last
month and sometimes two but like if I'm
doing a work thing you know you're lucky
and the flights and everything are
booked and planned for you but as you
know if you have to plan any sort of
trip it can be incredibly complicated to
figure out and did you know that the
average family visits five websites
before booking a vacation rental just
think of the amount of time and as
detects that that creates you can spend
less time planning your next trip and
more time relaxing with tripping calm
then world's number one site for
vacation rentals whether you're looking
for a cabin or getaway for New Year's
Eve planning your next Beach vacation Y
or that vacation in Europe where you'll
live like a local trip calm can help you
find the perfect place to stay vacation
rentals offer flexibility perks and
amenities that hotels don't like
multiple bedrooms back here it's hot
tubs free Wi-Fi and even a fully stocked
kitchens so you have a quick bite on the
go or plan cook your own meals great for
families and large groups this sounds
incredibly fun actually we should use
trippin to do like some type of majority
report TMDs getaway - like Barbados or
something I'm sure we're all gonna want
to do that in February chirping calm
onesearch lets you filter and compare
and sort out over ten million available
properties and trusted sites like verbo
like VRBO TripAdvisor booking calm and
more don't wonder if you're getting the
best deal you'll save an average of 18%
per night by booking your vacation with
trippin comm so don't forget if you want
to save money while booking the perfect
vacation rental for your next trip head
to trippin dot-com
majority that's tr i PP ing dot-com /
majority trippin comm / majority and
this is also very exciting our old
friends movement are back I'm gonna need
to movement might lure me back into the
watch game I've seen Sam got his wife a
watch it's incredibly dope looking the
holiday shopping season is here with
movement you can skip the crowds and
standing crazy lines and find a gift at
the Lovett prices that beat department
stores movement watches start at just 95
dollars at a department store you're
looking at to 400 to 500 bucks movement
figured out but they're by selling
online they are able to cut out the
middleman and retail markup providing
the best possible price at such great
prices movement watches make wonderful
holiday gifts to classic design quality
construction and styled minimalism over
1 million watches sold in over 100 over
160 countries get 50% 15 get 15% off
today with free shipping and free
returns by going to movement comm /
majority that's MVM t.com / majority
this watch has a really clean design
that makes a great fashion statement now
is the time to step up your watch game
go to MVM t-dot-com / majority join the
movement
alright everybody we are gonna take a
brief bake we will be back with Alyssa
bus Dini
and we're gonna be talking about climate
and socialism
[Music]
Vanessa
Oh
[Music]
you know
[Music]
we'll watch that
hi
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back to the majority report
Michael Brooks here joining us now is
Alisa
Battistone II she is on the editorial
board of Jacobin magazine she's a PhD
candidate in political science at Yale
University and she's the author of the
recent peace living not just surviving
working class movements must-play social
and ecological reproduction at their
heart of their vision for the future
Alisa thanks so much for joining us
thanks for having me
so Alisa I want to kind of start by you
talked about Donald Trump's pulling out
of the Paris climate Accord which he did
over the summer and you know this
sparked a lot of outrage and a lot of
concern I think you know for some pretty
obvious reasons because you know the we
were already sort of at a point where
even the kind of mainstream ways of
addressing this crisis were really
insufficient and he was sort of
committed to sort of accelerating not
dealing with the issue you know sort of
in the opposite direction putting us
into kind of full reverse gear but you
kind of made the point that while this
was disastrous some of the kind of
hyperventilating about it missed the
fact that you know the power support of
course in and of itself was simply not
sufficient for where we need to go and
that the kind of technocratic models
weren't working either
I set that up for us
sure so I think as you say there was a
lot of concern about Trump's decision to
withdraw from Paris and you know that
this was fine you know I mean it was
just another sort of one of the
catastrophic decision was what was going
to make that was going to mean that
there was no hope of addressing climate
change and so on and I think you know
while it's not a good sign I think it
was the responses overblown in terms of
how much the our you know our commitment
to the Paris Accord was actually going
to be addressing climate change on the
skill necessary which many people have
pointed out even at the time that you
know it's good that there's finally an
agreement but it was not nearly
sufficient for the for actually taking
action in the ways we would need to to
prevent catastrophic climate change but
then I think also it just demonstrated
the limits of trying to negotiate deals
of what I think the Obama
administration's approach was which was
to either work through domestic policies
but you know in a way that could either
work through the federal bureaucracy or
through executive orders or through
elite international negotiations like
the various cop meetings another one of
which is actually starting today and fun
but so you know you can do some you can
do some work through through these kinds
of like more technocratic solutions that
don't require a mass movement but I
think the thing is there limits when you
haven't actually done the work to build
political support for a climate program
and when it becomes you know an easy
target for someone like Trump to you
know I think actually the what Trump did
was just I think in the same way that a
lot of liberals were a quick to say oh
look at all the accident Obama's gained
climate and pointing to youth whether
the the Paris Accord of the clean power
plan
or things that you know we're stuff in
the right direction but not really
action on the scale we need Trump did
the opposite which to say look Obama is
is killing coal Obama is killing your
jobs to people you know just a client of
not only fossil fuel industry but you
know industry in general has been really
catastrophic and which actually Obama
was not in just a minute because I want
you to elaborate on that and that kind
of opens up the door of the of
addressing the conflict the false
conflict but nonetheless the kind of the
public the notion that there's a
conflict between workers rights in
progress and a radical environmental
agenda which i think is at the heart of
you know your argument in a lot of ways
but before we get there can you just
explain briefly why first of all why
Paris was scientifically you know
insufficient it wasn't this is not just
like a political claim you're making it
was not sort of in accordance with where
the overwhelming body of science says we
need to go and then maybe to elaborate a
bit more on those two-tier Obama tracks
and how that that reflects kind of
what's still put on the table by you
know like a macron or a Trudeau this
sort of top-down technocratic version
yeah so agreements that different
countries or the the commitment that
different countries had made in the
Paris Accord in terms of their carbon
reduction plans and commitments added up
so sort of what scientists have agreed
would be necessary to avoid degrees
Celsius of warming which is you know
generally the baseline that people say
is really like the danger mark for
really the more catastrophic types of
warming you know I think some people
think that two degrees is too high but
the the commitments like countries had
made were in themselves not actually
enough to get to reach that goal
so third off so that was you know I
think
in the face of it people agreed that it
was it was not going to get the full
away there and then you know it was
going to require at any point to
actually implement I think the set of
commitments because countries have tend
to fall short of their commitments and
practice it always requires I think a
lot of would have required action on the
ground you rush to put in place but even
the commitments themselves which were
non-binding would he more than where
we're just you know not didn't add up to
you what scientists generally agree is
the you know would keep us within a safe
amount of warming what and then so okay
so then we have Trump coming along and
exploiting this division and it's very
paradoxical because on one hand I mean
and again I don't want to draw a false
equivalency here there's no doubt that a
you know a top-down liberal technocratic
approach of which is absolutely not my
politics nor your politics but it's
certainly preferable to a acceleration
and an outright denial of reality and
exploitation of the issue which is
obviously what you know Trump and has
been doing right so that's you know
that's clear and there's also a whole
set of you know really exploitive
industries that are you know that the
Democrats and technocrats accommodate
but the Republicans fully acquiesce to
and we need to make these distinctions
now that said the way climate change has
been presented and positioned is that
instead of an issue that is in fact a
very class based one and also a very um
a one that also reflects a lot of global
inequalities in terms of how the effects
are distributed along Geographic and
certainly class lines so that if we were
really addressing it in a kind of
broad-based democratic socialistic way
there would be a lot of broad benefits
for people that wouldn't be this sort of
in the realm of these very abstracted
conversations that climate
seems to take place on right now because
it seems like the way climate changes in
positioned is that there's people who
fly to international meetings and there
you know elite people who go to summits
and they care about these abstract
targets and they're not even doing a
sufficient job even in those terms and
then you know the Donald Trump's of the
world make their huckster ich self or
you know jobs and you know putting those
things into opposition can you explain
where your position kind of comes in of
like the actual approach to deal with
climate is the future of work it's also
the future of leisure and neither the
demography the demagoguery of Trump nor
the top down this of the technocrats are
going to get us there yeah absolutely so
you know I totally agree that that uh
the sort of I mean obviously compass
sort uh as in many in many policies of
