ultimately you decide at one point that
I'm gonna put this in a book because The
Times is not going to report it and that
ends up basically forcing their hand
just to walk us through that
yeah well the the backstory to that is
that this was like over the previous
couple of years I've had a whole bunch
of other stories killed by the paper on
the same grounds where the government
would say you know this if you run this
story it'll harm national security so by
the time this case happened
I'd heard their their arguments about a
whole number of stories and so to me
they they were just crying wolf
constantly and so I just decided I
wasn't being allowed to cover the war on
terror the way I thought it should be
covered and so I decided to write a book
and include this story and another story
that had been killed by the editors and
some other things that I had learned and
so I just decided to put it in the book
and then after I wrote the manuscript
and had it in my publisher it mostly
heathered of it I told the Times you
know I'm putting these in my book you
should you should run the stories and
that led to a very that led to a whole
series of very tense meetings between me
and the others I would imagine that they
felt like I mean it's sort of but I mean
what strikes me about that is like what
happened to their concerns I mean
obviously they would they still had some
but the the idea that they would get
scooped by their own reporter seems to
have outweighed their you know the
concerns that had kept the story out of
out of print for all those years
well actually what they did was they
told me
we will reconsider running it but they
wouldn't can they wouldn't commit to
running the story the NSA story even
though I told him it was going to be in
my book they just said I think the way
they phrased it was we will agree to
reconsider it and we will reopen
negotiations with the government but if
we if we decide if we side at the end of
that process that we still don't think
we should run it we want you to take it
out of your book and that was as far as
I could push them and I said okay fine
but I never intended to take it out of
my book and it was too late to do that
anyway so I would it ended it meant that
I was playing a really serious game of
chicken with them as they reopen
negotiations with the government and
decided whether they would publish the
story and we had in my book the
publication date was kind of bearing
down so it was a very incredibly
stressful time for me I would imagine
and and we should say in the the other
story or at least one of the one of the
major stories that was in state of war
was a story that you had reported of a
about a CIA plan to disrupt the Iranian
nuclear program by basically well why
don't you tell the story of this because
this is relevant in about three or four
different ways to where we are today
yeah this I found out about this story
about a year before I found out about
the NSA story and and it was basically
the CIA had a botched operation very
poorly managed operation to get a
Russian to hand over nuclear blueprints
to the Iranians and these blueprints
were supposedly flaw you know had a
flaws embedded in
to make sure that you know if the
Iranians built a nuclear weapon from
this it would be a done but the flaws
had been put in such a way that they
were obvious to the you know and so the
Russian was very afraid I think and sent
a letter to the Iranians when he handed
over the blueprint that you will see
that the their problems with these
blueprints and so this whole idea that
they were trying to fool the Iranians
kind of got botched and so I wrote about
this harebrained program and wrote a
story that I called the CIA for comment
in 2003 and Condoleezza Rice called me
at the Washington bureau chief and
demanded that we meet and I went over to
the White House with the bureau chief
and Condoleezza Rice was there along
with George Tenet the CI director and
Condoleezza Rice stared at me and said I
want you to destroy your notes and never
make another phone call on this story
and forget that you know anything about
this and so you know we left that
meeting was kind of intimidating but it
was also great confirmation of the story
and and weird I mean working under what
authority do does someone say that to a
reporter no authority whatsoever so so
anyway so you know that the story had
been killed by after that by the time
zone because of the White House
you know claim nationals who would
damage national security and then there
had been other stories that killed for
national security grounds too and so by
the time the NSA thing happened I was
just felt like I was fed up and I just
felt like I wouldn't respect myself if I
kept going along with this stuff what's
the argument that
the the story about the I guess that was
operation Merlin was the the attempt to
send you know bad plans but what's the
argument that that that that revelation
is gonna hurt national security
well they argued that it was I was wrong
when I said that the program was
mismanaged they thought oh yes this has
been perfectly managed and we've
completely fooled the Iranians and okay
so that was it that was their basic
argument but in fact several CIA people
at the CIA knew that this operation was
either a dud or mismanaged and it was
pretty widely known within the agency
that this had this had not worked but
you know they don't want to admit things
like that well that seems to be the sort
of I mean that that seems to be the big
theme with this right like I mean I get
like a it's not about what I've learned
that's what the the thing I've learned
about this whole process of when the
government tries to crack down on the
press and try to stop the publication of
stories it's almost always just to avoid
embarrassment and yet they use the
National Security card as a way to
convince editors not to put the fear of
God into editors you know I mean that's
whether it's like I mean I guess that
you know there was that Thomas Drake
thing with trailblazer I mean it always
seems to be cluttering up incompetence
that is or or something that's illegal
right right so which is I mean I think
one of the things I've told people is if
you I think you go back through history
I don't think you can find a single
newspaper story that has ever really
damaged national security of the United
States and I think that's what nobody
wants to admit is every you know the
government always makes these claims and
yet there is no proof that national
security has ever been harmed by the
press and in fact you were
I mean you were you were fully
prosecuted but you were more or less I
guess prosecuted in some regard or under
threat of prosecution not just in the
Bush administration specifically because
of that operation Merlin's story but
ultimately with the Obama administration
tell me about that time when you thought
okay all right
Bush is out of here in you know X number
of months so if I can just hang in there
until then I'm surely this is going to
end
tell me when when did you realize that
was not going to be the case and tell us
about that because ultimately your
source Jeffrey sterling ended up being
convicted of violating the Espionage Act
well it's not I can't discuss whether or
not he was the source or not okay and
I'm never gonna comment on on who who
was or was not a source all right fair
enough what I can't say what I can say
is that in 2008 I was subpoenaed by the
Justice Department as part of a leak
investigation into my book state of war
and they focused on that's had the
chapter that included the story of
Merlyn which the New York Times had
never run and then I fought the subpoena
and as you said I it since it began in
2008 I thought if we can just hang on
for a few months you know there's an
election coming up and it looked like
Obama might win and so I was hoping that
the whole thing would go away and then
the judge in my case kind of let it slow
roll that I think for the same reason
and then
June of July of 2009 after Obama had won
she issued us brief statement saying
well I see that in this case the grand
jury is expired and that means that the
subpoena of mr. Eisen is moot and I give
the government 10 days to decide whether
to drop this subpoena or not and I
thought okay that was like an open
invitation to the Obama administration
in front of juggs to forget about this
case and to drop it and instead the
Justice Department under Obama I said no
no we want to continue this case we want
a fact they said we want to use the same
subpoena that the bush administration
used and she said no you got to get a
new subpoena because you have a new
Attorney General and so I said okay and
Heric holder then issue the new subpoena
and started the kate kept the case going
and became even more aggressive and when
the SI crossed that subpoena the holder
in issued they issued another one for
the trial to test it and force me to
testify and then she crossed that
subpoena and then they appealed her
decision to the Fourth Circuit Court of
Appeals in arguing that there was the
and the the basic argument that they
made which turned this case into a major
constitutional showdown was that there
is no such thing as a reporter's
privilege in a criminal case there are
which means and they spelled this out
Porter has no more right than any other
citizen to avoid testifying and a
reporter has an obligation to testify
and reveal sources under in any case
that we said well in which we subpoena
them they were essentially saying the
Obama administration's position was that
the reporters have no rights no right to
protect their sources and it was
shocking to me and unfortunately most of
the
at that time ignored the case because
you know hey we can't attack Obama on
press freedom you know it was like he
got it he skated by for a long time
until the case went to the Supreme Court
and then the Supreme Court refused to
hear my my appeal of their ruling in the
Fourth Circuit which in the Fourth
Circuit sided with the Obama
administration and so the ruling stood
which was reporters like Rison have no
rights to protect their sources and so
the only thing I had left was to work to
go to jail or veal my sources and so
finally the fact that this went to the
Supreme Court started to get more media
attention to the case and that you know
the one thing I learned about Eric
Holder is that he cares about publicity
so he was starting to get bad publicity
so then the Obama people started backing
off and at the very end when I had to go
to one pre-trial hearing where they
asked me will you reveal your sources
and I said no and then they dropped the
case dropped the subpoena against me and
sudden end they blinked but they took it
so far down the road that the legal
legacy of the Obama administration is
this rule Fourth Circuit ruling which
says reporters have no rights to protect
their sources and that still stands
today and it's the Fourth Circuit covers
Virginia and Maryland which includes
which is home to the CIA the NSA and the
Pentagon and which means that every
major investigation is now covered by a
ruling that says you don't have any
rights to protect your sources and so
that is something that Donald Trump I'm
sure will have a field day with
well what do you think I mean the the
the Obama administration prosecuted more
whistleblowers under the Espionage Act
and and I think had been done maybe in
history combined is more than all
previous and more yes more than all of
previous administration well why do you
think I mean do you have a sense I mean
there's no reason why you necessarily
would but I'm curious if you have a
sense of why like why why were I mean
certainly the expectation that you had
that the judge had that frankly if I if
you had asked me would have had at that
time was like yeah no this is the this
is not going to be the Obama
administration is not going to be known
for being the most aggressive against
whistleblowers no way what what what why
do you think they were I mean what was
that I I have struggled with that
question for years and and I don't have
what I mean I can give you what I think
are that what I think happened but
obviously they didn't tell me I was like
the last person they would talk to about
this but I think it was us several
factors and I think probably the most
important one was they were afraid of on
national security issues I think Obama
was deeply afraid of right wing attacks
on all national security issues and I
think he saw himself as he saw his
biggest priority it seemed to me as
domestic issues the economy health care
you know other issues and that our
national security is in general he
tended to extend and keep in place most
of the policies of the Bush
administration and people don't want to
don't want to admit that but that's true
I mean the one thing he gets credit for
was ending the war in Iraq which he
ended it at
the same time that the Bush
administration planned to end it and all
he did was follow through with the
Status of Forces Agreement right Bush
administration had done and so I think
part of it was part of a larger view of
national security policies which were
let's do policy
let's do national security policies in a
way that makes it difficult for the
right-wing to attack us and I think leak
investigations fit into that and I also
think there was also a sense that Obama
was never quite as liberal as people
thought he was right and I think there
was a personal I think on a personal
level he doesn't like the press very
much and then I also think you know
probably the technology had made it
easier to do these kind of leak
investigations and so you know you could
track people like in and and also you I
think the biggest probably another
factor was you had these masks under
Obama you had WikiLeaks and Edward
Snowden and I think those had played
something of a had a traumatic effect
inside the government and made them more
have give them but is there more of a
zero-tolerance policy but none of that
excuses the way they dealt with this
because it was anti-democratic and a
real damp and very damaging to press
freedom and I don't think they ever
understood what it meant for reporting
in America hi folks Sam cedar here we
still need your help on our patreon page
YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
