yours truly was on fox news yesterday I
want to go ahead and watch the clip
again and then I'll give you guys a
breakdown of exactly what it was like
every step of the way I'll tell you what
it was like when I was in there in the
belly of the beast
and the Lions Den and I'll tell you guys
my experiences on air and off air and
yeah I'm just gonna break it all down
for you so let's take a look at the clip
well for discussion let's bring in our
fair and balanced radio panel joining us
now from Philadelphia Ritchie Olli and
self-described a liberal host Kyle
kolinsky gentlemen nice to see both of
you the president was tweeting that
yesterday this morning on Easter morning
before church also went on Twitter he
said this Mexico is doing very little if
not nothing it's stopping people from
flowing into Mexico along their southern
border and then into the US they laugh
at our dumb immigration laws they must
stop the big drug and people flows or I
will stop their cash flow NAFTA need
wall exclamation point
rich what do you think's going on here
the president didn't get funding for his
wall his base is upset and now we see
this sort of hardening of his line on
immigration
Leland happy Easter I think the
president has this unique ability Donald
Trump makes the blue states act more
blue what I mean by that is you take
Browns actions right pardoning people
including a kidnapper so that they don't
have to face deportation and you know
Trump knows he's never gonna win
California but he doesn't have to as
long as he can win Ohio Pennsylvania
Michigan and ask yourself this question
you know our blue-collar workers in
those states are they can aside with
Trump on this issue or Jerry Brown who
says you know what we're gonna pardon
you so you view that you view this sort
of as a purely political calculation by
the president to try and push things
okay and I'm and I'm just going out on
the limb here Kyle you probably agree
with that so when it comes to these
Pardons and commutations I think we're
having a little bit of a false debate
here because there were 56 pardons and
14 commutations and 95
percent of them were for nonviolent drug
offenders so good kind if you want to
say what III I'm not talking about the
pardon commutation I'm talking about
President Trump here is do you think you
think this is a political calculation on
his part that is your fellow friend here
rich said that you're that they're able
to the president is view this is a way
to sort of drive a wedge in Ohio
Pennsylvania Wisconsin does that work if
so how did Democrats try and counter it
perhaps it's a political calculation but
in all seriousness parts of what he said
in that tweet I hope are not political
calculations I wish he would pull out of
NAFTA NAFTA has absolutely destroyed
middle-class families all across this
country and President Trump talks a good
game on trade deals he often says that
he's going to stop doing the dumb trade
deals that hurt working families all
across this country but I've seen very
little action on that front in fact
there's been 83,000 jobs that have been
outsourced as under President Trump's
first year so I wish that a lot of this
wasn't talk but unfortunately it is okay
well this seems to have me entered into
some very different places than I
thought it would but we'll go ahead and
take a listen to the president today as
he headed to church take a listen the
Democrats they had a great great chance
we'll have to take a look but Mexico has
got to help us at the border they blow
right through Mexico they send them into
the United States can't happen that way
anymore all right Kyle same analysis
here yeah I mean I don't understand why
he frames this issue as a criminal issue
when it's just told you why he did which
is that he thinks it works well for him
in Ohio and Pennsylvania in other states
so the question is how would Democrats
try to counter that well I mean simply
they could point out the fact that
ninety nine point seven five percent of
dreamers are law-abiding citizens and
about 91 percent of dreamers work or go
to school so when you don't want to deal
to help the dreamers they don't want to
dock a deal can we just stop pretending
like the democratic party wants to solve
this problem before midterms you guys
have nothing else to run on but fear
fear of deportation so you want to keep
that that issue alive keep that dream
alive if you will now and you'd love to
keep it alive in 2020 as well because
the Democratic Party right now has
nothing because as Jerry Brown proves
and as Phil Murphy and New Jersey proves
where he's announcing one and a half
billion for illegal immigrants to fight
Trump it proves that they go to the left
the cookie left of their base and it's
not it does not play well with
mainstream voters the reaction always to
tweet every trouble is to go left they
go further left would go further left
the majority of the American people are
in favor of the dreamers and like I just
said over 99% of them are law-abiding
citizens and so this isn't a middle
class this is I want you said you just
said you wish who would go further left
I wish the Democrats would go further
left I wish the president would go
further left again like I was just
talking about Trump referenced NAFTA in
that tweet we got it I wish he would
pull out of NAFTA I wish he would go to
the left kid you're on the campaign
trail he went to the left on on war
issues he said he would get us out of
Iraq he said he would get us out of
Afghanistan he didn't do it was lazy I
wish he would do those things
and also now he's saying that major
change possibly in US policy is gonna
pull troops out of Syria a lot earlier
than we thought
rich Kyle appreciate it guys we got to
run thanks that means different guys all
right listen
I've now watched that interview about
three or four times and I want to go
ahead and tell you guys what my thought
process was now before I get to that
I'll tell you what the whole situation
was like in general now it is very
streamlined and industrialized I mean
you show up there's like literally three
or four different layers of security at
the building you have to show your ID
you have to show a special card that
they give you anytime you go from one
room to another the most interaction I
had when I was there was with the makeup
girl and she was very sweet very nice
they basically they basically put like
like peach paint on your face it didn't
even feel like they were doing makeup on
my face they took like the peach colored
paint and they slapped it on and then
they you know like colored ruin the
lines basically in my face and they were
talking about how oh we got to give you
a darker you know foundation than what
your skin color actually is because
those lights are so bright that if if we
give you the the same color foundation
as your skin you know it you're gonna
you'll come across as so white that it
won't it won't look good so they give
you a darker foundation so that under
the bright lights it evens it out and it
makes it look normal and then when I saw
on the I saw the result I was like oh
that's that's true it actually does make
me look relatively more normal since
they put the darker foundation on so she
was very helpful the makeup lady and so
uh this show is shot out of DC I was in
New York and so I was at their studio in
New York by the way I didn't see any
stars or at least any stars that I knew
I think there was one guy who I saw
going into the makeup room next to me
who's a host but I don't know who the
[ __ ]
is and when it came time to shoot the
the segment it's like I was brought to a
floor that was basically empty okay
there are a bunch of desks around and
stuff but it was basically empty there
was one dude there one dude it was
sitting like in front of a computer and
I was put in like the corner of a room
that was kind of cordoned off a little
bit and then I I sent a picture on
Twitter of what my view was like it was
you know you saw a few different
monitors in front of me and stuff and
the thing behind me I know it looks like
there's a whole like giant thing
happening behind me that was just a
regular TV screen it was about a 55 inch
maybe 60 inch TV screen and I think it
was showing a live feed of the main
floor in New York City so that that
thing that was happening behind me was
actually happening in the same building
I was in but it was from a different
floor and then recorded the segment and
then was done and that was that and so
all right now let's get to the segment
itself it's it's weird you know I have
obviously plenty of experience with new
media and now experience with corporate
media and all I can say is that
corporate media the debate feels
contrived
it feels streamlined it feels just like
industrial it feels detached and
disconnected I mean they they just
assure me into the room sit me down on
the seat and then the first time I ever
had a word with the host was literally
when he was like okay how do you put on
your name I was like Kyle kolinsky he's
like okay and how about you would
describe yourself as a secular radio
host I said no I describe myself as you
know you could say left-wing host he
said liberal host so he changed it a
little bit there but that was the only
you know conversation I had with the guy
when he was already on air just asking
me during the commercial break hey how
do you say your name and then boom we
start and we jump right into it and you
could tell the way that they do it is
it's a four-minute segment is what it
was supposed to be it went a little over
I got to speak for maybe a minute and a
half maybe two minutes max
but you could see what they're trying to
do there they're trying to say okay this
person's got to play the Republican you
have to play the Democrat and then you
do your partisan talking points back and
forth and you know they'll they
short-circuited when I didn't like
respond exactly in those partisan ways
and you could tell that they really
didn't know how to deal with it like the
host Leland was like well your were
meandering here in two places I didn't
think we would go and you know I wanted
to say that's what happens when you have
thoughtful people on who actually give a
[ __ ] about the issues and you don't have
[ __ ] bobbleheads or just spewing
talking points so you could tell what
they were looking for and you could tell
that I wasn't really delivering exactly
what they were looking for but it was
interesting to see their reaction to
that now the first the question was so
bizarre and now people were saying some
people were saying on Twitter like I you
you know you didn't really like answer
the question and then I was thinking
about it and guys the question he was
asking me wasn't even [ __ ]
registering in my brain because it's
just a weird question he asked is what
Trump's doing a political calculation
how the [ __ ] do I know what does that
even mean is it a political calculation
what do I have the ability to read
Donald Trump's [ __ ] thoughts I don't
know what the hell's going on in that
guy's mind and that's why basically I
didn't really answer that question and I
just started talking about the issue
itself
I saw I was like and by the way you guys
know me like every interview every
conversation I ever go into I have the
same [ __ ] thought process my thought
process is as simple as can be tell the
truth that's it that's all I think about
that's all I care about there's no
[ __ ] plan it's just be honest tell
the truth that's all that's the only
rule if that's your only rule in every
conversation you've ever had you're
gonna be alright and so I went into it
going I just tell the truth that's it
doesn't matter what the issue is just
tell the truth but when he asked me a
question and it looks like I don't give
a direct answer the only reason I wasn't
giving a direct answer is because their
question wasn't registering in my mind
cuz notice and here's the thing and
you'll see this a lot on corporate media
they
rarely talked about the issue itself
they talk about the people talking about
the issue see the difference so talking
about the issue itself is what do you
think of NAFTA what do you think of the
border wall that's okay let's talk let's
talk about the issue though about
immigration let's talk about those
Pardons and commutations that they were
talking about the Governor Jerry Brown
in California did let's talk about NAFTA
but they don't do that they avoid the
talk on the actual substantive issues
they want to talk about the people
talking about the issues so Donald Trump
can mention something about NAFTA or the
border wall a Democrat can respond to
that but you're not supposed to talk
about the actual issues you're supposed
to talk about what they said about those
issues which is just such a low level
you know it's a weird level of discourse
because it's just at no point do you
touch on anything that matters I don't
give a [ __ ] about what's going on inside
Donald Trump's mind I'm not a [ __ ]
mind reader I don't know if it what he
did or said was a political calculation
not a political calculation all I can
tell you is my thoughts on those
substantive issues that he touched on so
that's why it's like oh you did really
answer the question that's all I know
how to do is answer the question in a
policy substance way and you're asking
me a question that I don't have a
[ __ ] answer how the [ __ ] am I
supposed to know what was it a political
calculation was that even mean why are
we having this guy what a stupid
conversation to have so it was a weird
question so that's why I couldn't really
answer it directly now I started by
addressing the premise of the
conversation so in other words this is
how they set it up they said okay
Governor Jerry Brown did Pardons and
commutations
they talked about how oh my god they
were a violent formerly violent
criminals how dare he and so then they
take that set of facts they say Donald
Trump responded and ripped him and and
ripped Jerry Brown ripped immigration
and all that stuff and then hey hey what
do you [ __ ] Siri just went on sorry
about that
so they rip them and then they go hey
what do you think of Trump's motives in
ripping him so in other words obviously
Trump is right about the substance of
the immigration thing and and all that
but what do you think about him ripping
Jerry Brown do you think it's a
political calculation or is it not a
political calculation so in many ways
that's actually genius because what
you're doing is you're baking into the
premise of the question
well obviously Trump is right obviously
he's right about what he's saying but
the debate is not whether or not he's
right on the policy issues they changed
the debate to hey what are his motives
in being so right in slamming Jerry
Brown and that's why I basically kind of
rejected the framework of the question
and I went back to well no hold on hold
on here let's talk about these Pardons
and commutations that you're all
assuming are so evil and wrong and
terrible I looked at the Pardons and
commutations there were 70 in total you
know how many were of formerly violent
criminals three that means 95% of the
Pardons and commutations were of
non-violent drug offenders and not only
should they be pardoned that the state
should [ __ ] apologize to them and
they should pay them restitution for
ruining their lives over a nonviolent
drug offense which shouldn't even be a
[ __ ] crime in the first place
so that's what I was trying to point
that out like no no no 95% of these
Pardons and commutations are people who
shouldn't even been locked up in the
first place and then they didn't have a
chance to get to it but my next point
was gonna be and of the people who were
formerly violent criminals they've been
released from prison one of them was out
since 1997 another one was out since the
year 2000 and they've become model
citizens they're [ __ ] working now and
they got families and they're totally
rehabilitated and the only reason Jerry
Brown pardoned them is because they're
about to be deported so they were
formerly criminals totally reformed
totally rehabilitated that's a proven
fact it's been the case for decades they
picked out these people because they
were such upstanding citizens now and
they were gonna be deported so they said
pardon so now you're not gonna get
deported so this is a way for for
Brown and say [ __ ] you to Trump with his
hardline immigration stuff but this is a
rare instance where Jerry Brown is
actually right about something
usually jerry brown's kind of a
corporate ii democrat and i disagrees
them on a million things this is an area
where he's right and i was gonna get to
that point to that you're framing it
like these guys are [ __ ] you know
menace to society right now they're not
they're just that's not true so in other
words my whole point was attacking the
premise because they baked the premise
in and then they said whoa oh why do you
think Trump is so right is it a
political calculation or is it not a
political calculation what the [ __ ] is
that
so I attacked the premise of the
question that kind of you know sent them
off and then so the next thing I try to
do guys and by the way I'm just letting
you know this was all on a subconscious
level because I only have one rule when
I go into the all these conversations
just tell the truth but there was
something cooking up in the subconscious
mind there that was making me go in
these in these directions so the next
thing was he reiterated the question we
basically excited to answer the question
attacked the premise of the question and
then what did I say I said I wish some
of what Trump was saying is not a
political calculation because some of
that I agree with
he keeps huffing and puffing about NAFTA
[ __ ] pull out and after I want you to
do that I'm in favor of that now here's
why that's that was such a good move I
know I'm talking about myself here so
that I shouldn't be saying it like that
but I mean it because that worked even
better than I thought it would work
because after the interview I heard from
people who I know who are diehard Trump
supporters who were like you did great
you did great and I like what you had to
say now hold on you're these people are
diehard Trump supporters they're
Republicans and they came out of
conversation going
you did you did great you did better I
agreed with you more than the other guys
mission accomplished
mission accomplished so now we walk away
from that conversation going people on
the Left go well of course that guy was
right and now Republicans and Trump
supporters alike died agree with that
guy now
why it's all in the framing I'm not
going out there saying Donald Trump is
wrong I'm going to
