the Democratic Party unity and Reform
Commission wrapped up recently and the
results are interesting so first of all
probably the most important issue that
they resolved is that they're calling
for effectively reducing the number of
super-delegates by 60% but then also
requiring that the remaining
super-delegates vote in line with their
respective states so what they're what
they're trying to do is effectively get
rid of super-delegates but they didn't
get rid of them in a more at least
they're not calling for getting rid of
them and named so it's effectively
reducing the number of super-delegates
sixty percent and then requiring the
remaining ones to vote with their
respective states listen if it was up to
me I would have said just get rid of the
super-delegates I don't know see I mean
it's a step in the right direction but
there's almost this is exactly the kind
of half-measure nonsense that you would
expect when half the panel is
establishment Democrats you know it's
like well we're gonna well take a step
in the right direction because god
forbid we go 100 percent in the right
direction I mean let's not be silly here
let's keep everything in perspective and
at least remain a little bit shitty no
just go all the way what the [ __ ] what
are you doing so again I don't want to
[ __ ] on that too much because it is I
mean if they're effectively tying the
hands of the super-delegates and thereby
eliminating them then we shouldn't
complain too much so it is a good thing
but I'm just saying it why wouldn't you
just go all the way and totally
eliminate them it just seems weird and
it seems like you know it's almost like
you're doing the right thing effectively
but in name you're doing the wrong thing
so it's almost like you're inviting
people to in the grassroots to say why
you [ __ ] you why are you still hanging
on to them why are you still keeping
them by name the Republicans don't even
have super-delegates the Democrats have
super-delegates super-delegates are by
definition on democratic so again what
they're trying
do is say we're gonna make them
democratic now we're gonna eliminate 60%
of them and require the remaining ones
to vote as there's told to vote by the
people but it's just why the [ __ ]
half measure even though it's a step in
the right direction another thing there
they want is to require absentee voting
and mandatory vote counts and caucuses
so this is these are just unquestionably
good because absentee votes in a caucus
one of the big problems with caucuses
people point out is if you can't be
there physically well then you don't get
to participate you have to be there
physically and you know the timing
doesn't mesh with some people and it's
difficult and as you know this country
we don't take voting we don't treat
voting the way it should be treated most
places it's a national holiday where you
get off so you can go vote here in the
US we don't it's not a national holiday
so it's almost like they're trying to
suppress the vote just by virtue of the
way the system works so what they're
calling for is no four caucuses now
because by the way they control the
caucuses they don't control the
primaries that's the way it works but
for so for the caucuses which they
control they're saying we want absentee
voting and mandatory vote counts and
caucuses because before I know it sounds
weird but we didn't have mandatory vote
counts and caucuses before which is like
what that's strange
so that's a step in the right direction
they also want to encourage States to
allow same-day party and voter
registration in primaries now again they
don't control the primaries so they
can't even really do that but we all
know the horrendous state of affairs it
because in the in the last primary for
example in New York if you wanted to
vote let's say you're an independent or
let's say you're a Republican but it's
the Democratic primary and you want to
vote for Bernie Sanders
well you're [ __ ] because you would
have had to switch your party like six
months before the election like what
it's insanity it's it's biased on
purpose in favor of the establishment
Democratic candidate that's what that is
and listen I
have anecdotal stories that show how
devastating a rule like that is my
brother-in-law was a registered
Republican Bernie Sanders came along
he's like I want to vote for this guy
well guess what it was too late for him
to switch parties so he wasn't able to
vote in the Democratic primary boom
there's a vote for Bernie down the drain
when I went to go vote for Bernie in the
primary I'm standing in line somebody
comes up and says hey listen I don't
remember if I'm registered as an
independent or a Democrat but I'd like
to cast a vote here well they looked it
up he was registered as an independent
that was overwhelmingly likely another
guy who was gonna vote for Bernie
Sanders to be fair I don't know for sure
but you know all the statistics show
Bernie did amazingly among independents
but when you shut the independents out
of the process you make it much more
likely the establishment Democrat is
gonna win and then when you also make it
so that you would have to switch parties
six months before the race nobody's
gonna remember to do that nobody knows
that so that's it this is a direct
attempt to try to get states like New
York which were so horrendous on this
front they're saying listen we want you
to do same-day party and voter
registration and primaries now since
they don't control the primaries how are
they gonna try to get them to do that
they're gonna dock their delegates if
they don't do that so in other words
they could try to incentivize them to do
that and that's what that is they're
gonna try to incentivize them to do
same-day party and voter registration so
that's definitely a good thing and then
also they want to create in Ombudsman
Council that's always a funny word that
I have troubles like to quote
impartially review and address any
complaints or recommended or recommend
improvements around questions of
fairness neutrality and transparency at
the party this was a big issue you had a
lack of transparency with how the DNC
money is spent you had you know a
billion dollars spent and it was flushed
down the toilet because you lost to the
biggest monster and most disliked
candidate in US history Donald trum
and the DNC's doesn't show how the money
spent so well how are we supposed to fix
the problem how are we supposed to move
in the right direction how are we
supposed to win if you don't allow
budget transparency and allow people to
say oh ok you did that now that's a
[ __ ] mistake and we shouldn't go down
that road by the way remember the the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee letter that we discussed
recently where the d-triple-c is trying
to make candidates force them to unify
they say oh you can't push any you can't
use any arguments that are gonna harm
them harm us in a general well they also
are mandating that's like 75% of the
funds go to TV ads well see this is the
problem because you guys have this old
model that you use in order to win
elections but your models have sucked
from the year 2000 and onward you don't
know what you're doing you're terrible
at it
all these Democratic strategists get
together in a smoke-filled back room and
they go well we know how to win we're
gonna run further to the right and we're
gonna force the money to be spent on
things that are ineffective and so what
they're saying here is we need to create
a council that overlooks that can
address complaints recommend
improvements and it makes sure that that
the DNC is being fair the DNC is being
neutral in a primary and also there's
transparency and budget transparency so
we know what the [ __ ] money is being
spent on so they recommended the
creation of an ombudsman Council to do
exactly that so listen at face value
everything we go through here there's
many things that are a step in the right
direction and to be fair a big step in
the right direction but there is going
to be we are going to run into a
roadblock here because there's still a
month's long complicated process ahead
before a final vote on these changes in
2018 so the way it works is the the
unity and Reform Commission came up with
these recommendations they have to send
it to like the rules and bylaws
committee the rules and bylaws committee
sends it back to the unity and Reform
Commission then the Union Reform
Commission can either accept or reject
the changes that the
bylaws committee recommended and then
and then after that it gets sent for a
vote for the entire DNC to vote over 400
members 447 members get to vote on it at
the DNC now this is a reason to be you
know optimistic about what's gonna
happen but at the same time there's a
chance the the bylaws committee waters
it down of course there's a chance that
they said no we the two extreme too far
and by the way I don't think these go
far enough I think you can go much
further I mean again I don't know just
eliminate the super delegate rid of them
get rid of them but no oh just a
reduction whatever I mean I think
there's a chance the bylaws committee
waters it down but then they send it
back to the Unity Reform Commission the
Unity Reform Commission can reject the
recommendations from the bylaws
committee but then the real hurdle is
the DNC itself because what are you
gonna do you're gonna send it to the
same DNC that voted not that long ago to
keep taking corporate money any group of
people that you take a vote on such a
crucial issue and they they go the wrong
way why should the [ __ ] should we trust
their judgment why should we trust their
judgment and then what will happen is if
you get the rejection of these changes
well we're right back to [ __ ] square
one about a tired old party that's still
hanging on to corporatism still hanging
on to neoliberalism and clintonism and
is not willing to learn from its
mistakes and is doomed to fail again so
we have to wait and see how it plays out
we also have to be objective and fair
about what's happened to this point
what's happened to this point if you
want to grade it c-plus maybe be I mean
that's my assessment of it looking at
what they've done so far but the
question is will that go all the way and
will these reforms be implemented if
these reforms as they are here are
implemented okay okay you know I'll say
step in the right direction not good
enough but step in the right direction
and overall you pass but if it's watered
down and then it goes through or it
doesn't well then you know [ __ ] you even
more Democratic Party uh you know it's
amazing how many people that are in
power still don't get it with the
Democrats there's this mindset and I see
[ __ ] like this all the time on Twitter
too by the way this mindset of like they
try to shame voters like with the Doug
Jones and Roy Moore thing like there's
an attempt to shame voters like Oh
what we're not good enough for you you
do realize the onus is on you to get the
votes it's not that the people are
failing a democratic politician if a
democratic politician doesn't win is
that the Democratic politician failed
two people and didn't sell a vision to
get the votes to win so this effectively
this flipping of the democratic process
and the way it's supposed to work this
idea that you fall in line or else well
no how about the politician falls in
line and does the bidding of the people
and then there's this wacky idea out
there that well if the politician
listens to the people well then they
can't win what kind of [ __ ] is that so
in other words if a democratic
politician is for you know a living wage
people were [ __ ] on a Democratic
Socialist who said listen I might not
even vote for Doug Jones and then they
asked him why he goes he's not for uh
he's not for a $15 minimum wage and he's
not for Medicare for all
and like Dave Weigel was [ __ ] on him
wouldn't a logical response to be to say
[ __ ] Doug Jones you should really come
out in favor of $15 minimum wage in
Medicare for all isn't that the logical
response and what are gonna do [ __ ]
stupid Lefty haven't we been through
this before
[ __ ] trying to shame people on the
Left haven't we been through it and when
what happens then you lose so how about
instead of trying to shame them and
repeat the same thing over and over you
do a fifteen dollar minimum wage and you
do Medicare for all but
they turn around and they go no we can't
do that because then we lose the
moderate voters except you don't you
don't you keep losing when you don't
come out in favor of a $15 minimum wage
and Medicare for all so how about you
try to come out in favor of it and guess
what
about 80% of voters want to raise the
minimum wage 60% of voters want a
medicare-for-all system including more
Republican support Medicare for all then
don't when you look at the last election
Bernie won among self-described
conservatives you would say no wait a
second Hillary's more conservative so
she probably won can serve more moderate
voters conservative voters no look at
the results in every primary across the
board Bernie Sanders won among
conservative voters he did a town hall
with Chris Hayes in West Virginia in a
room full of Trump voters they gave him
a standing ovation for Medicare for all
free college and living wage so stop
with the [ __ ] bogus assumptions just
stop because you're wrong you're just
wrong instead of shaming a random
democratic socialist in Alabama how
about you say oh wow there's a lesson to
be learned here
hey maybe Doug you come out in favor of
these overwhelmingly popular policies
and then you win for sure guys it is
still a race in Alabama right now it's a
[ __ ] coin toss as to who's gonna win
this election
when one of the guys is a paedophile one
of the guys there's countless stories of
him preying on underage girls by the way
putting that aside
he's also was removed as a judge twice
for refusing to obey the Constitution
because he kept the Ten Commandments up
in his courtroom so here you a radical
theocratic maniac who's promising to get
into the Senate and vote for Donald
Trump's giant tax cut for the rich bill
that raises taxes on the middle class in
a world that made sense this guy would
be polling at 3% but he might win he
might win do you not see how it's not
just that you have the
public and based voters in Alabama are
too far gone that's not the only
conclusion here it's also wow you must
be failing miserably as the Democrat Joe
Doug Jones can clip enstein brilliant
journalist he's in Alabama right now he
tweeted last night he's at a bar
speaking of voters he asked one I think
it was a young African American lady Oh
are you gonna are you interested in
voting in this election what do you
think of Doug Jones she's like I don't
know I mean I guess I like the guy but I
don't know anything about him other than
he's not Roy Moore that's the Democratic
Party in a nutshell right now we're not
Trump we're not Trump we're not Roy
Moore we're not really more wonderful
but what are you for what are you for
have you tried that I mean that you
tried the strategy the entire [ __ ]
2016 election we're not Trump we're not
Trump and by the way have I mentioned
Russia
we're not Trump Russia we're not Trump
we're not Trump but what the [ __ ] are
you for when all you talk about is what
you're against that's at people's
reaction okay I got a year against that
and then like you do half the argument
you do the other half the argument we're
not that guy go on that's it we're not
that guy okay so I got a little bit
off-topic there but nonetheless here we
are decent changes for the Democratic
Party unity and Reform Commission but
let's actually get them [ __ ]
implemented and if you don't get them
implemented then don't [ __ ] [ __ ] and
moan and whine when you can't get the
Democratic base to vote for you
politics 101 is you don't abandon your
base you don't abandon your base you
don't abandon your base Republicans
never do that Democrats the entire party
is based on that it's the entire party
is based on that oh say things sometimes
in primaries that they might like and
then here we are in the general anyway
I'm totally a centrist and I'm totally
in favor of tax cuts for corporations
and listen I'm so moderate hey I don't
even know how I feel about the gays I
mean
you know what I mean let's should we
need gradual incremental reform Jesus so
let's get these changes implemented and
if you don't don't [ __ ] complain for
a second I don't want to hear a peep
about how you're crying cuz the left for
us cuz you got to earn the vote you have
to earn it
