Tommi Lehren did one of her final
thoughts segments on Fox News and she
put on a clinic in shitty arguments and
straw Manning opponents like it or not
President Trump has done some
outstanding things for the people of
this country let me help you in your
delusional ban of impeachment hungry
fools understand let's start with the
economy Trump push through a tax cut for
eighty percent of American taxpayers and
one of the Democrats want to do raise
taxes American paychecks are getting
bigger under Trump and they want to fix
that seriously
the economy has also added more than two
million new jobs the black unemployment
rate is that just six point nine percent
the second lowest ever recorded öand
Hispanic unemployment rate was at just
four point nine percent last month just
a tenth of a percentage above a historic
low and here's the thing about new jobs
low unemployment and economic growth
they help all Americans black white
brown left right and center is that the
kind of accomplishment you want to
impeach President Trump is also
dedicated to protecting our homeland the
number of people caught trying to sneak
across the Mexican border has plunged to
a 46-year low and the percentage of
illegal immigrants arrested for criminal
activity across the country is up to 92%
and how about Isis remember them well
under this commander-in-chief they've
been decimated and control little
territory in the Middle East and despite
the hysteria over President Trump's
tweets and his quote tone North Korean
rocket man Kim jong-un has decided to
come to the table is it historic yes
is it impeachable No Trump's done all
this and more with virtually no help
from Democrats and you want to impeach
him for what keeping his promises your
little activist groups are shelling out
millions to stop a president who is
winning and you can't even give us one
solid and honest reason why have you
instead thought of donating your
millions to causes you say you believe
in instead of wasting it on a campaign
to destroy president you're simply
jealous of it's very obvious you're not
afraid Trump is a bad president you were
afraid because he's too good I don't
know why anybody would do that
like why she's arguing the way she's
argument arguing she's making the
arguments
she's making because it's not like
they're so bad that anybody who spends
like a little bit of effort can just
debunk and swat away each and every
point that she made so I don't know why
it's almost like because there's a lack
of substance she turns up the volume
it's old O'Reilly trick like I really
don't have anything important or correct
to say so I'm gonna be loud okay but
that doesn't change the fact that you're
making really bad points so let's go
through this now we'll start with the
biggest claim the real reason people
don't like Trump is too good as
president so they're jealous they're
jealous classic classic straw man you're
telling your opponents what you think
they believe as opposed to just
listening to them when they tell you
what they believe and then responding to
their point in an honest way what you're
doing is you're saying I'm going to tell
you what you believe and then I'm gonna
slap down that thing that I just
pretended that you believed even though
you don't believe it he's you say he's
too good at being president or he's he
makes Democrats jealous because he's so
good at being president I come on man
really we have to I have to take time to
argue against that I mean listen just
for starters just for starters
half of workers in America makes $30,000
a year or less okay now I went after
Obama because wages were shitty under
him too but they're also shitty under
Trump so I'm I'm open and I'm honest
about the flaws on the Democratic side
because I have no stake in this game I
have no horse in this race or dog in
this fight I'm just calling balls and
strikes and telling you like it is so I
think that's a problem I think it's a
problem we're currently bombing eight
different countries Tommy now under the
Constitution the president has to get a
declaration of war when we start a war
from Congress they haven't done that are
you okay with that you're okay with
alleges bomb eight different countries
and by the way Niger is one of those
countries disappoint the direct threat
from Niger against the you
homeland tell me you know where's the
evidence that they're about to attack
North Dakota there's no evidence Niger
or Yemen or any of these countries that
we're bombing are gonna attack us so
we're just needlessly bombing all over
the place
Donald Trump increased military spending
sixty billion dollars I have a little
bit of a problem with that especially
because we spend more than the next nine
or ten biggest countries combined
already on military so look I'm just
pointing out some basic things that I
have a problem with and it's not just me
it's many people on the left and this is
why we don't like President Trump I
don't like President Trump conceal it
heard his administration full of Goldman
Sachs lackeys thankfully he lost one of
them recently Gary Cohen but he replaced
him with Larry Kudlow who's just as bad
if not worse but he's doing Wall
Street's bidding I covered a story about
how he colluded with the predatory
payday loan industry to charge so that
they can charge nine hundred and fifty
percent interest they scrapped the rules
that were gonna go in place to clean up
that industry I have a problem with that
Tommy so don't tell me that my problem
with Donald Trump is that he's too good
at being president or you're Joe Soto
over him get the [ __ ] it no listen to
what we say to you and by the way this
isn't just me now I'm giving you of
course really good reasons to despise
Trump there are people who have shitty
reasons to not like him and I talk about
that all the time whether there's people
talking about stormy Daniels you know I
can't stand that or just the chaos in
his administration oh my god there's
been a lot of turnover in his
administration come on give me something
better than that nonsense cuz we all
know if it was a Democrat with high
turnover Democrats be like who cares or
if it was a Democrat around an affair
Democrats be like who cares Monica
Lewinsky there you go but listen there
are reasons to despise him and we all
know by the way that would Tommy Lehren
not care about it if there was a an
affair where a Democrat had an affair
with a porn star when she shut up about
it and say listen personal lives are
none of my business no she would be like
this is wrong and terrible oh my god
maybe we shouldn't pitch him over that
so she's a hack everybody knows she's a
hack and her arguments are so bad but
really too jealous the Democrats are
jealous about Trump and he's too good at
being president yeah
that's the problem Tommy that's the
argument you know the Democrats really
believe is [ __ ] he's so good at being
president I don't know how we're
supposed to respond Jesus
okay then she says she says at one point
oh you can't I'm working backwards by
the way in her claims
oh you can't give an on his reason for
impeachment actually listening I
personally I don't favor impeachment
because you're gonna get Mike Pence
anyway Mike Pence is just as bad as
Trump if not worse in the process of
impeachment you spend a tremendous
amount of political capital that's
distracting from things you should be
talking about if you're the Democrats
like Medicare for all in free college
and a living wage and stuff like that so
you waste political capital you get Mike
Pence anyway and also you rile up
Trump's base and make it much more
likely that Republicans come out big
time in the next election so there's
really a lot of reasons why impeachment
is not a good idea so I don't personally
favor impeachment but the idea that
there is not an honest reason for
impeachment is [ __ ] so for example
the emoluments clause the mayas Clause
of the Constitution says the president
can't be taking money from foreign
governments Donald Trump has a worldwide
Empire with his business he
unquestionably has taken money from
foreign governments in fact it's not
even controversial there's been
reporting on it so for example he took
two hundred and seventy thousand dollars
from top Saudi officials at his hotel
and then Wow look at that lo and behold
he gave them one hundred over a hundred
billion dollar weapons deal but it's not
just them it's the Saudi government the
Turkish government he has business all
around the world in fact in 12 different
countries he has businesses so this idea
that there's not an honest reason for
impeachment okay I just gave you one
the emoluments clause now you could
agree or disagree with that Tommy and
say I don't think it really meets that
bar but it's an honest reason where
somebody could have it a disagreement
with you and say no this is a legitimate
reason to impeach and then there's other
reasons too like the fact that his first
military raid as president killed an
eight-year-old American girl I mean that
again you don't you could say I don't
think you shouldn't peach over that but
that's an honest reason for impeachment
assassin
an American without due process in any
way
it's assassinating an American with a
drone of course you could impeach over
that and by the way it's an 8 year old
girl
it's an eight-year-old girl nonetheless
so this idea of there's no reason for
get the [ __ ] out of here of course there
are there are honest reasons for
impeachment I don't happen to favor
impeachment because of the reasons I
described but there are honest reasons
for impeachment now I admit most of the
Democratic rhetoric is stupid it's over
Russia and when it comes to impeachment
I mean old [ __ ] there babbling about
when they say that but any Democrats who
say emoluments that's an honest reason
for impeachment ok then she gives a
Trump credit for the fact that he's
gonna have a meeting with kim jeong-hoon
and implies like she was like getting
Kim jong-un to the table Democrats
haven't done that if Barack Obama did
sit down with kim jeong-hoon she would
have been the first person to say that
he shouldn't be doing that oh my god
you're treating these dictators as
equals you're doing appeasement you're
doing an apology tour for America and
how do I know that this would have been
the reaction from people like Tommy Lera
it was the reaction when Obama said he
would meet with Iran without
preconditions he's like yeah I'll meet
with Iran no conditions and people were
like oh how dare you right you're not
saying release [ __ ] political
prisoners they have as a condition for
how I can't believe you do that terrible
a peace mint they sit down with our
enemies we supposed to stand up to our
enemies and beat up and say I'm not
gonna talk to you well Donald Trump says
I'm gonna talk to North Korean leader
immediately Tommy learns like wonderful
amazing if Obama did the same thing she
was a terrible so again partisan hack
clown and just to be clear guys I on the
other hand I'm not a hypocrite on this I
told you I don't think the meeting with
Kim Jong hoon is gonna work but I still
think it's a good idea to do the meeting
because the alternative is Trump and
isn't band of neocon Warhawk idiots they
do a conflict and they start bombing
[ __ ] so I'd rather him talk to them so
it's just she'll twist anything to be a
good argument for Trump and Republicans
to be a reason to support Trump and
Republicans then she talked about Isis
being decimated this one is hilarious
now first of all the reason
and why Isis is dwindling at the moment
has nothing to do with the US and it has
everything to do with the Syrian
government who have been on the ground
fighting them non-stop the Kurds who've
been on the ground fighting them
non-stop the various militias in the
region including the Shia militias that
are fighting them non-stop so they're
real hard fought battles won on the
ground by the people in the region which
by the way is what we've been saying
should be the case all along that the US
should stay out stop wasting our money
our resources our lives and stop killing
civilians and let people in the region
take care of it and that's what happens
people in the region take care of Isis
and immediately Donald Trump of the
Republicans take credit oh it's me I've
done it it's so strong now think about
this as they're taking credit for
destroying jihadists Donald Trump just
did over a hundred billion dollar
weapons deal with Yemen with a Saudi
Arabia and he did that as Saudi Arabia
is doing a genocide in Yemen their
blockading the country not allowing in
medicine people are having cholera and
dying millions of people are starving
because they're blocking food from
coming in the country along with
medicine they're bombing hospitals
mosques schools and here's the most
important point there's been it's been
it's been documented that Saudi Arabia
they get these weapons and you know what
you know what they do with those weapons
oftentimes they send them to Syrian
rebels and they send weapons to militias
Sunni militias on the ground fighting
the Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen and
guess what they're jihadists in Syria
many of the rebels are jihadists in
Yemen the Sunni militias on the ground
are jihadists it's al Qaeda in many
instances so we are arming Saudi Arabia
they are arming al Qaeda in other words
jihadis al Qaeda are getting us made
weapons as we are arming al Qaeda
tommy'll Aaron has the nerve to say
trump defeating jihadists are you
kidding me there's an easy way to defeat
them they'd be they fold within a year
completely if we stopped arming Saudi
Arabia and all these questionable actors
throughout the Middle East
so she doesn't know what the [ __ ] she's
talking about and then she talks about
immigration immigration drop under Trump
actually immigration was also net zero
under Obama and you guys just pretended
it wasn't you got just acted like no no
immigration is not necessary under Obama
no there's a P porous border people are
pouring through [ __ ] immigration was
Net Zero from Mexico so they again is
twisting facts it's replacing what
should be solid arguments with just
anger and listen I'm not against yelling
obviously I yell all the [ __ ] time on
this show but you have to have substance
behind what you're saying she doesn't
then she talks about is one of my
favorite arguments black unemployment
rate Oh black unemployment rate there's
new jobs new jobs being created well
first of all there were new jobs being
created under Obama all the time in fact
he had over ten million jobs over twelve
million jobs created under his
administration now did Republicans give
Obama credit for that the private sector
job growth know they didn't know they
didn't now according to their own
ideology they should because they love
the private sector so private-sector job
growth is [ __ ] awesome but here's why
I didn't give Obama much credit for
those jobs created why cuz they were low
wage jobs higher paying jobs were
replaced with low-wage jobs under Trump
what's going on low wage job creation so
I'm not gonna give him a bunch of credit
for those two million jobs created I'm
not gonna give him a bunch of credit for
the lowest black unemployment rate or
anything like that because their shitty
jobs too how stupid is that Oh we'll
give you a job that's not even a living
wage in many instances and now [ __ ]
praise me like I'm wonderful
what no how about you pay people a
[ __ ] living wage how about that so
that's the part they'll never tell you
under Obama's administration they may
have made that point as a counterpoint
when somebody says hey Obama did a lot
of job creation then the Republicans may
have said yeah but they're low wage so
it's not as that's not a damning
statistic against us but whatever
they're in power now now all of a sudden
oh don't look at the fact that it's low
wage job creation just say it's job
creation job creation so it's good
[ __ ] stupid Democrats and then
finally and this really is the crux
of how misleading her shitty arguments
are she says about Trump's tax bill it
cut taxes for 80 percent of Americans
and the Democrats you know they want to
raise taxes well first of all no you're
wrong on both of those things okay so
first of all over a 10-year period
Donald Trump's tax bill raises taxes on
everybody that makes $75,000 a year or
less that's not me speaking that's the
CBO speaking that's every nonpartisan
analysis speaking that's the economist
speaking so it raises taxes on the
middle class and the poor over a 10-year
period okay
second of all 83% of the benefits go to
the top one percent 83% of the benefits
so Paul Ryan did this the other day on
Twitter he was like if somebody came up
to me and said I can afford you know I
can get lunch with the tax break you
gave me and he had to delete the tweet
why because people were like that is a
[ __ ] embarrassing point as the Koch
brothers literally are reaping billions
of dollars of rewards from this tax bill
billions you're rubbing in people's
faces that somebody could afford a lunch
and that's just in the short run like I
said the long run they net raise taxes
on everybody making $75,000 a year or
less so that is such a [ __ ]
misleading argument it doesn't take into
account the fact that over a 10-year
period all the tax cuts for the middle
class have a sunset provision on it
which means they run out you know what
doesn't run out all the tax cuts for the
rich are permanent they're permanent
corporate taxes went from 35 percent to
21 percent by the way that's at a time
when corporations are already paying a
historic low percentage of the tax
burden in the 1950s corporations paid
33% of the federal tax burden 33 percent
then by 2012-2013 they were paying about
nine percent so who you think's gonna
pick up the slack you're gonna pick up
the slack and the Republicans just hand
it over a tremendous amount of money to
the rich they gutted the estate tax
cut taxes for corporations in the rich
gave you a little [ __ ] tiny little
bit and then they're gonna take that
away so it's just totally misleading to
say 80% of Americans get a tax cut under
Donald Trump and then the idea that the
Democrats want to raise taxes [ __ ]
[ __ ] Obama made 90% of the Bush tax
cuts permanent now many Democrats didn't
like that but those 90 percent that he
made permanent were mostly on low-income
people so this idea of like the
Democrats want to raise taxes on regular
people that's nonsense
that's the only argument the republicans
have leaned on to try to make the case
that they're for the middle class even
though they're not for the middle class
so but again this is the kind of
nonsense that you get these are all
misleading arguments [ __ ] arguments
flat-out factually incorrect arguments
there's lies Biko mission lies by
