hmm testing testing 1 2 3 dust it's
working we could do this go it's so
professional we're so professional hello
everybody
what are we live Dober live man oh we
live not live but we're on I tweeted out
right before we were about to come on
corn
give me poll questions okay good I ask
people for poll questions how many good
ones we're gonna find out right now I
don't know there's 83 responses so
hopefully there'll be some polls in
there I feel like a like a cigarette
smoker man who's like really been going
strong and not having a cigarette with
Twitter I'm like oh [ __ ] yeah I've been
on a big break the last time I checked
was I think when my daughter was born I
might have checked there's some [ __ ] cuz
I was just sitting in the hospital so
that's like it's the last time you
checked yeah okay so hold on I think
you're on to something here because I
know there are times I have flashes of
it where I'm like oh [ __ ] I'm kind of
addicted to Twitter like I have flashes
of it where I'm like but that's your job
it's not mine it's not like but it like
it's a little bit of a problem like I
will be doing some [ __ ] and I'll be like
okay I'm done with Twitter for the night
and I'll X out Twitter and then not even
two minutes later I'll open a new tab
and go to Twitter yeah I'm like I don't
I can't why did I do that like I just
said I don't want to do this anymore and
then I went right back to it yeah it's
like that's something that's like that's
like an issue that's when you go woah
woah woah woah woah woah
maybe it's time to like unplug here for
a little bit because it's almost like
it's like a reflex in a way I don't even
think about it just like what Twitter it
just happens
it's just like I was doing that when I
woke up dude like it was like I woke up
and instantaneously was like grab my
phone
check ur Twitter Instagram and Facebook
I deleted a while ago but I posted for
when my daughter was born but like I
came to the conclusion like I guess I
mean if you have a following and like
people like like what you're saying and
like there's a purpose behind your [ __ ]
then yes Twitter by all means but like I
was walking to work and I saw like a
sale sign on a window and the [ __ ] was
painted on there so I tweeted like if
the sale sign is painted on your window
[ __ ] is
definitely not on sale and I was like I
think that's funny but then later on I
was like who gives a [ __ ] like what the
[ __ ] like who cares that I wrote that
like who like who cares I laughed at it
what I saw no no it's you know what cuz
when you get positive feedback it's like
oh this is fun like this is good what I
have made rules for myself with my
Twitter usage I don't really read my
mentions ever if I ever come across my
mention that's by accident
smart because I know what it's like to
go through the motions you could go down
a [ __ ] rabbit hole well sure that's
the thing is like I'm the type of person
where I have this thing where I'm like I
have to correct this like I it's just
this thing I have where if I see
something that's not true I'm like oh I
I have to correct this I can't just
leave it like I have to and so somebody
will say something that's not true and
I'll go to correct them and then you're
right it becomes a rabbit hole because
probably 50% of the people I'm
responding to they're not even they have
no interest in like oh okay I was
factually wrong well here's that like
they don't it could be a right-wing or
trolling or it could be just a troll
trolling for trolling sake yeah or you
know like every now and then you might
get somebody who's like oh [ __ ] my bed
but most of the time it's like it's not
like an actual exchange because that's
what happens I think when you're on the
internet that's what it's like you're
not gonna get exchanges that are like
regular colleges because you're not
sitting face-to-face with the person and
you don't have you don't feel like the
other person's human you know yeah yeah
when it's online you could [ __ ] on
somebody and then just act like it's
totally fine because you're not you're
so disconnected from that person that
doesn't [ __ ] matter
yeah imagine like being at a [ __ ] gas
station and like just being like hey
like you you left your gas pump open and
if someone's like oh yeah thanks so much
man appreciate that but like if that
went down on Twitter like just some
little [ __ ] like that like just a little
comment someone will be like well you
know gas pumps technically can stay open
for five plus hours alone without you
noticing and commenting on like then
you're just like yeah there'd be a fight
it's just a whole big fight that like in
real life you're right like some [ __ ]
that you would say to someone they would
just take it and be like okay yes no
I'll probably get back on there okay so
here are the rock versus stone cold is
one
hmm that's a good poll that is a really
good one um I'm gonna
omit the ones there I'm like favorite
porn but didn't even give options like
missionary verse doggie verse reverse
cowgirl verse I had a friend who went to
the Chicago car show the other day and
they had little iPads next to all the
new computers
he put youporn on all he sent me a snap
and it was just like he was looking at
the car and they fanned out to the iPad
and it had you born on it and then he
walked away I was like that's so genius
they didn't put the [ __ ] like kid
little lock on it and for know anyway
you go to the MAC store and get on
browsers I'm sure they party blocking in
the next door there's a lot of places
where you can um do you remember in high
school I think it was high school they
used to block certain like webpages that
you like couldn't go to or something
like that but there was always a way to
like go around it
yeah like google the website and then
like find a link within the website and
get in there somehow did your parents
ever have the lock on your [ __ ] no that
no they didn't on me either I think I
don't I think I told the story once on
air about how I went up when I was young
I went to a porn site and then like the
next day my mom was using the computer
it's yours she found the thing cheese
like Kyle did you do this and I was like
oh she got pink yeah oh man
it used to be a site called white house
dot-com but it was born there I don't
know if it was Dahmer dotnet or some
[ __ ] it was an old White House dot
something and then somebody had told me
about it in school like hey man if you
go to this [ __ ] they won't even know
it's porn because it's [ __ ] it's
white house dot whatever and I was like
oh my god that's so brilliant and then I
and then I went to it but the problem is
like you know how sometimes when you
type a link in you type something in and
press Enter for a website other shows
after it yeah so it was like white house
calm slash come jizz balls so my mom
found it she's like this is you I didn't
fess up to it I was like no
Oh knew that [ __ ] wasn't gonna put you
on blast I sort of respect her for that
I was I was young man that was I and
then I remember I told somebody you know
who this is because I've told you this
story off air but there's this dude who
we knew and I told him in class we were
talking and I was like yeah man
did you know that if you like jerk your
dick long enough white stuff will come
out he was like what I was like yeah
that happens he's like no so yeah go try
it yeah I mean at a certain age you got
to figure that [ __ ] out yeah you know I
I had to I figured it out before like
nobody told me yeah I think I had I
think it was like a rumor and then I
tried it and then on like the sixth
attempt it worked
because I had done it a few times and it
didn't work and I was like why is this
not working and then I was like you know
what I'm just gonna keep going until it
[ __ ] works and then I did it until
worked I was like oh my god it's real
it's not fake oh I was amazed by it yeah
I'm sure I mean that's a [ __ ]
fascinating thing to see it's like some
fireworks with some shoot it's not that
special imagine fireworks came out of
your dick hole okay so we got rock burst
stone cold
can you throw a like hold Colgan and
macho man on that [ __ ] or is it just
like national that's that's like you
know limited to the Attitude Era I think
I feel like mankind was in there in that
error like making a strong case well
here's a good one New World Order verse
degeneration X that's good that's a good
one too yeah let's see put a Gatorade
Gatorade flavors the UM the light blue
[ __ ] is that Arctic blue ha but see if
you start adding and now you got to go
with just a classic you gotta go with
blue red blue green orange green or
yelling I'm in yellow yeah the ocean I
think blue would smack that it would be
blue red I'm very confident it'll be
blue red
our yellow aren't our orange yellow blue
red yellow which is your favorite blue
me too yeah blue is banging the blue one
the dark blue one is good and then they
came out with a light blue one which is
even better I like all of those like
they came out with like a like a light
greenish one I even like that jizz
colored white one oh that one's good the
Arctic shits
my favorite is blue and then red and
then orange and then yellow but what was
it blue or red orange yellow that's my
word I think that's what I think it's
gonna be too yeah I think it's gonna be
that too mm-hmm okay so that one's out
let's do D Generation X person New World
Order that's the tough thing key X wins
that one what's it called wrestling
group knows is it a group or clique I
don't know what the [ __ ] to call it
Wrestling Alliance DX nwl feeling
alliances Alliance might work I'm just
gonna go with group and be Vegas [ __ ]
yeah I don't even know how to spell
Alliance i ance ance best Attitude Era
wrestler stone cold verse the rock
what's Attitude Era Attitude Era is like
the era after where they were WWF
stopped caring about being like
kid-friendly and started off doing sex
jokes and showing titties and [ __ ]
yeah they sort of got a little raunchy
yeah that was that was actually right
when we were in like middle school in
high school that's when they were in the
Attitude Era and it was good it's it's
widely viewed as like one of the best
wrestling eras oh yeah today's nonsense
yeah I saw a highlight of Ric Flair like
straight making out with a girl and like
in the ring and I think it was from well
he was older it might've been the tail
end of every Ric Flair was born old yeah
I know that's true he really at like
they said oh his hair is blond didn't
some [ __ ] I saw but no it's like that
[ __ ] has always been like white yeah he
came out with that [ __ ] hair he
looked like he looked now just as a baby
like one of those plush pillow yeah a
hundred percent he was born with like
wrinkles in that hair and [ __ ] he came
out like well whoa makes you boy
indica or sativa but you and I really
don't smoke weed now Dallas Austin
Houston San Antonio and know that pol
jelly jam honey marmalade you do like
peanut butter versus Nutella verse jelly
yeah everybody knows Nutella blows that
[ __ ] out the water I really like you
tella yeah you don't like Nutella you're
the only person in the world that
doesn't like to tell I know it never got
behind that [ __ ] it's like chocolate
nutmeg hazelnut it's like it's some kind
of nut no pun intended you're right it's
like hazelnut and [ __ ] things too
hastily yeah that's it we're good with
those few I mean we could do New York
for Chicago pizza but I think New York
will crush that [ __ ] yeah I think
there's more than New Yorkers to revolt
in that [ __ ] yeah in New York Pete I
mean Chicago pizza is good but it's not
it's not Nana Eric's good cuz it's just
quick easy like slice you could just
down that [ __ ] yeah you said Chicago is
like a literal pie yeah you got it it's
like a hole it's a whole thing
it's a whole meal okay I think well I
think we'll leave it at that for today
all right so I have a little surprise
for everybody come my next show I got
this awesome light hanging in the studio
now like above you like a halo no it's
um it's over my right hand shoulder so
so there's the two TVs behind you now
one of those TVs drop down big time and
then this studio light it's kind of like
a bar light says the Kyle kolinsky show
that's above that TV and that it's hot
it's really hot
and I can me I'm like yes and then I
push forward the other TV and I want to
play videos on that when I want to show
a video oh yes I switched it up a little
bit in terms of in instead of cutting to
a video where I say like okay let's
watch this now it's gonna be I could
play it and I like that a little better
because then I'll be more inclined to
stop it and talk about it as I go as if
you'll still be on the screen when the
videos yeah showing yeah and I used to
do do like I used to play the whole [ __ ]
to say it's a two-minute clip I'll play
the two-minute clip and then respond to
every point after but if I do it this
way I could it's easier to just stop and
I could talk a little bit play stop talk
a little bit play if I if I want to on a
servo though but the thing about it was
it was a [ __ ] pain in the ass man to
get it to get it in like nothing's
[ __ ] easy no nothing's easy I was
amazed by like so to [ __ ] measure it
and then there was the drilling into the
ceiling and foam and like all this [ __ ]
and you got to do everything exactly
right and then when you're done I looked
at it on the camera
way too bright [ __ ] was just [ __ ]
like almost you couldn't make out parts
of the light because it was so bright
because like this is [ __ ] miserable
but then I you know that's when you have
to just keep [ __ ] with it I went into
the manual brightness thing on the
camera and I had to touch different
parts of the screen to like okay lower
this [ __ ] and it would go down and then
it started to look good but then I was
pitch black and then I was like I gotta
brighten this part of the screen and
[ __ ] make this part of the screen
darker it's oh there's a giant pain in
the ass but at the end of it I was like
okay finally it looks like it worked and
it still I'm still probably gonna [ __ ]
it up in eight different ways come the
first show I'm surprised you stayed with
it and not just like which is like [ __ ]
it I'm leaving it
wellthank after the fourth attempt well
see that's the thing about me is that I
like I like having a schedule and stick
into my schedule and going through my
stuff but when something deviates from
the schedule will [ __ ] annoys the
[ __ ] out of me and this is one of those
examples like I don't want to spend half
the [ __ ] day trying to figure out and
that's the point is like when people
look at it on-screen they're gonna be
like oh number one that looks good but
number two that probably took a few
minutes just to put it
no that ship took half a [ __ ] day it
was like four hours of [ __ ] and it was
just a [ __ ] pain in the ass but
thankfully now it's over
hopefully hopefully I'll like it like
this and keep it like this and hopefully
first yeah the first video that's just
gonna like fall on your head or
something it's always what happens the
first video in the new studio was like
the camera was [ __ ] crooked well
actually what's interesting is the
camera wasn't crooked the camera was
perfectly level when it needed to be
crooked like isn't that weird that I
made sure I was like okay I'm gonna make
the camera perfectly level and I made a
camp
I made it level and then everybody in
the video was like this [ __ ] is crooked
as [ __ ] and also you had to probably
would piss so many people like if you
had you had to slant it yourself a
little bit so I had a net then I realize
afterwards I'm like okay so the move is
not to make it level because if I make
it level it's gonna look crooked the
move is to make it look straight even
though it's not straight so you look at
the screen and go okay that looks
straight you and then you look at the
leveler thing and it's totally out of
whack it's like your [ __ ] is crooked
[ __ ] 14 degrees but being crooked 14
degrees makes it look level you see I'm
saying not at all I think you do see
what I'm saying so I made it level the
first time to record a show in the new
studio but a camera looking level in the
studio looks [ __ ] crooked a camera
sitting level looks crooked when you
look at it on the video okay and so I
had to make the camera crooked in order
to make it look straight in order to
make it look level so that's sort of
like the rearview mirrors [ __ ] like the
[ __ ] could be slanted as [ __ ] but it is
like straight and you're in your mirror
no not really
oh because that I could see is like you
sometimes have to turn that downward and
diagonal but you could still see your ol
window okay then yeah that is kind of
like what I'm talking about like you you
needed it's super crooked just to see it
right just to see properly
that makes it yeah that's kind of like
what it is with the camera okay so but
it's a good point is it's always a
[ __ ] learning experience I the lights
were too bright and washed me out for
years and you know there's all these
[ __ ] issues that's that's what
happens it's it's a learning experience
which is why you know something you're
gonna get blowback from people
regardless son
matter what even if it's a clear or like
step in the right direction for 80% of
the audience they're still gonna be 20
well that's what happened when I changed
the picture I changed my picture and
people were like you look like a vice
principal I changed the back I was like
all right you guys win I'll change him
oh you changed the back yeah I changed
it back and got rid of the I took the
orange man picture and I need are
enjoyed it a little bit oh really yeah I
just changed like the lighting [ __ ]
like got rid of some brightness or some
[ __ ] I don't know what situation yeah it
was all right but I just changed the
saturation a little bit tweaked it a
little bit but yeah there's always gonna
be issues where people are even if it's
a step in the right direction 20 percent
will be like put it back yeah
so remember remember your your aim chat
thing you can put a little icon yeah in
a corner mm-hmm
I think I used to have on the dude from
Jimmy Neutron his boy call Weezer yes it
used to be in my corner man I loved aim
aim was so great so it was so weird
though like why would I put him
oh why would you put that guy well yeah
like why would anybody put anything whoo
we didn't put some weird [ __ ] on there
anything yeah that's that's like a given
it's like people with their skype [ __ ]
now they'll put some random [ __ ] you
know yeah they should bring back those
[ __ ] chat rooms like there's no real
chat rooms anymore
there were probably so many pedophiles
oh there was so much pedophiles going on
