guys just a quick update to this story
you're about to see the original segment
that I did in a second but during
editing and uploading this story broke
and it's an important update to the
story so I figured I throw this in
beforehand before you see the clip
before we knew this information so the
Daily Beast and and a few other outlets
are reporting that Nicholas Cruz the guy
who did this mass shooting trained with
white supremacists war pro-trump Patton
school
the pro-trump had thing okay I don't
there's a lot of Trump supporters the
overwhelming majority of them are not
terrorists that goes without saying but
trained with white supremacists that's
um yeah that would make him a terrorist
if he if he indeed killed these people
to try to spread his white supremacist
ideology then yeah that would be
terrorism and you should take note of
how many outlets will call this guy a
terrorist now that we know this and it
was a white separatist paramilitary
proto-fascist organization so yeah if
you're doing violence in the name of
that political ideology white
nationalism then that would be the
definition of terrorism so we'll see if
he gets charged with terrorism my guess
is no and we'll see how much the media
refers to him as a terrorist my guess is
they won't refer to him that much as a
terrorist if at all but yeah that is
what this guy is so you can change this
label from mass shooter to terrorist but
anyway now to the original segment and
you will see my breakdown obviously
everything else I say in the segment is
accurate just replace mass shooter with
terrorists we had another gigantic mass
shooting yesterday let me show you some
of the facts of what happened at least
17 people were killed in the school
shooting at least 15 others were
hospitalized
with five individuals sustaining
life-threatening injuries teenagers and
adults are among the victims according
to the Broward County Sheriff's Office
so this happened in Florida at least 12
people were killed inside the school
building two others were killed outside
and another person was fatally shot on a
street corner when the suspect fled the
scene at least two died at the hospital
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel said
at a press conference Wednesday the
sheriff said the 12 victims killed
inside the school have been identified
but law enforcement is not releasing
their names a football coach was killed
and the son of a sheriff's deputy
suffered a non-life-threatening injury
after he was shot in the arm around 2:30
p.m. just before class dismissal the
fire alarm went off and shooting began a
law enforcement official told CBS News
it was believed the suspect pulled the
fire alarm before the shooting rampage
so he the whole idea was let's try to
lure out more people and kill them the
lone suspect and now he's in custody is
19-year old Nicholas Cruz according to
the Broward County Sheriff's Office he
was taken into custody off school
property about an hour after the
shooting and was initially transported
to a nearby hospital he has since been
transferred to the sheriff's
headquarters reports CBS News Cruz is a
former Stoneman Douglas high school
student who had been expelled for
disciplinary issues the sheriff said
though he did not say when or why Cruz
is currently enrolled in Broward County
Public Schools Broward County
Superintendent told reporters at a press
conference Sheriff Isreal said Cruz was
armed with an ar-15 rifle and countless
magazines investigators have begun to
scour Cruz's social media activities and
so far have found quote very very
disturbing materials so he didn't just
have an ar-15 and countless magazines he
also used smoke grenades and this guy
was armed to the teeth so this is uh
this happens way too often in the US
in fact there's sad to say but it's true
just keeps happening that after one of
these instances the onion of course the
satirical news outlet tweets out an
article that they did in 2014 which is
relevant
virtually every month since then and in
that they say there's nothing we could
do to stop this says the only nation
where this occurs regularly and that's
true that's true I mean that's just the
fact of the matter you don't see mass
shootings this often in any other
developed country or even any other
country so that's a fact that's a fact
and it's a a sick one that we have to
digest and understand you know there's a
lot of propaganda out there in regards
to the issue of guns but that's an
inescapable fact and you're you're
kidding yourself you're effectively
brainwashed by a bunch of propaganda and
[ __ ] if you think that you know of
just no worse and dark country than it
is elsewhere yes it is yes it is in fact
I've had conversations with people from
Australia who literally said to me like
oh yeah we would visit America but we're
we're actually scared of being killed in
a mass shooting now if you live in
America you think well come on man and
obviously if you look at the statistics
overall you could go ah come on I mean
even though we have a higher incidence
than other countries it's not like it's
like hey it's gonna happen on any given
Tuesday where you go out in public or
whatever but that's the that's the taste
that's left in people's mouths around
the world when they look at what happens
in the US because it is true that just
it's happening at a record clip no pun
intended using the word clip it just
it's seemingly endless so let me give
you some more information about this
Nicolas Cruise the guy who carried out
the mass shooting he had shot at a
somebody's chickens
not that long ago was a neighbor the
neighbor said this kids messed up he's
killing my chickens or trying to kill my
chickens to be fair I'm not sure if the
chickens are actually dead or if he was
just [ __ ] around and shooting at them
that's one of the first signs of
somebody who's psychopathic is they love
to hurt animals or torture animals
that's one of the first signs they also
say he recently had bitten a child I
don't even know what that means but that
is a sign of some sort of deep
psychological issue he also stood he
also stole residents posts I don't know
what post is mailbox I guess still
residents post and they say he threw
eggs at a neighbor's car while the
neighbor was driving he was banned from
wearing a backpack to school when he
went to school because he had repeatedly
made threats so much that people were
like we don't trust him with something
where he can conceal anything at all he
could conceal stuff in his backpack we
don't trust him he needs to everything
needs to be on out and open when he
shows up somewhere because this dude has
some serious some serious problems so
they spoke to the kids at the school and
virtually all of them said the same
thing any all the ones who knew him they
were like oh yeah we always joked he's
gonna be the next mass shooter this is
so chilling when you go through this
because it's not just that the signs
were there is they were overwhelming
evidence was just screaming at everybody
now perhaps the the most frustrating
part of this in September a Youtube numr
user by the name of Nicholas Cruz
spelled exactly like he spells it it's n
I K oh la s which is not that's not very
common spelling of Nicholas so somebody
by that name on YouTube left a comment
on a video stating quote I'm going to be
a professional
school shooter now the person who posted
that video and it was a video on a
documentary about a mass shooting that
happened in the 1960s but the person who
had that on their channel immediately
contacted the FBI to their credit and
the FBI immediately answered and then
the very next day they when they
interviewed Nicholas Cruz apparently
they missed quite a bit here because he
ended up they ended up not doing
anything so they've interviewed him and
then they thought of her and then they
left and then he was still able to
legally own a gun and pass a background
check
dad takes me off to no end because what
good is the background check if you have
no standards so if the idea is you just
go through the motions like oh okay
we're gonna do background check oh [ __ ]
there's a lot of damaging and
questionable stuff here anyway here
we're gonna sell you the gun now that
was the point of the background check
what was the point of background check I
think there's an implication when all
reasonable people talk about a
background check where if you happen to
come across somebody who has bragged I'm
going to be a professional school
shooter the background check covers that
for those people to say oh we're not
gonna sell you a gun now [ __ ] but no we
have this thing where she's what are we
all on autopilot like oh okay here let
me do the background check there's a lot
of questionable stuff okay I'm going to
sell it to you anyway well no you're
allowed to have standards and your hat
allowed to use human reason and judgment
and you're allowed to be logical about
it and you know that's one of those
things where even if somebody tries to
push back against you you can you can
stand your ground and say no we're not
gonna sell him a gun and nobody should
sell him a gun because look at his
record now I get it some people will say
well he'd go to the black market anyway
but here's the point only some of the
people
who are rejected from buying a gun
legally will have the ability to get
something on the black market not
everybody has the social skills to make
the connections to meet a [ __ ] on the
street gun dealer so you're gonna have a
giant decrease in instances of people
who are gonna carry carry out these
kinds of crimes being able to get their
hand on a on a weapon it makes it harder
that's the point
it's obviously not foolproof it's
obviously not hey you know if you stop
people like this from getting a gun
legally all of them will never be able
to get a gun no obviously in some
instances somebody's gonna go to their
[ __ ] Grandpa's house and find the key
and open his gun to drawer and get a gun
and then go do a terrible thing or some
of them will somehow get the connections
to the black market and get a gun on the
black market but it's all about
disincentivizing as much as possible and
even if you have just only a 50% drop in
the people we're able to get those guns
well then you just save a tremendous
number of lives so I don't for the life
of me I don't understand I mean you
would think that if you're gonna do a
background check on people thing number
one you do it's checked for a comment
like this on their social media accounts
as I even hard to find the [ __ ]
social media account it's as goddamn
regular name is the name used on YouTube
so what kind of what are you doing in
the background check if you're not doing
[ __ ] like this is there no background
check at all is it just hey check the
criminal record and that's it man he
really said I'm going to be a
professional school shooter this is the
second mass shooting we've covered in a
year actually probably in the past six
months where the comment there were
there were comments online from the
person who did the shooting saying
almost exactly that this is the second
one we have to be we just have to be
smarter about this [ __ ] man and
we discussed this about a year ago when
this happened but common sense gun laws
are not debatable among the public but
we have a Republican Party that's
totally bought and owned by the
leadership of the NRA who get their
money from gun manufacturers so they got
even the most basic protections so for
example you had a rule that was put into
place by Obama which said hey listen if
under Social Security it's been
officially determined that you are not
have sound enough mind to control your
finances so in other words you need a
guardian to control your finances for
you because you're not capable enough or
you don't have sound enough mind to
control your finances yourself if that's
the case you're not allowed to get a gun
so okay you're too out there to be able
to control your finances you're too out
there to own a [ __ ] firearm that is
not an unreasonable thing to say in fact
again if you did a poll the overwhelming
majority the America well guess what
Trump signed an executive order that
rolled that back bump stocks is another
example bump stocks change a weapon into
a fully automatic weapon that's
effectively what it does now on paper
fully automatic weapons are banned in
the u.s. so how can you ban fully
automatic weapons but have this gigantic
loophole that allows fully automatic
weapons by another name through another
method and after one of the last mass
shootings we learned oh my god the
person had a bum sock I think it was the
one in Las Vegas when 58 people died 58
people 58 were taken out during a
[ __ ] concert from some [ __ ] in a
hotel room shooting at him I think
that's the one where he had the bump
stock we didn't even bend the bump
stocks after that guys we don't even
have a universal background check 93% of
the American people say we want a
universal background
93% if 93% of the public want something
and you can't get it you don't have a
representative democracy on paper the
u.s. is a constitutional republic and a
representative democracy you can get rid
of that representative democracy part if
that's the case because there's 93% of
people wanted you don't get it well what
do you need 94 95 96 % but that's it it
has nothing to do with what you want
the NRA money controls the Republican
Party and they block any movement to try
to fix these things at all even the most
basic things Marco Rubio was on Twitter
after the shootings and thoughts and
prayers thoughts and prayers with the
people who are affected by this and
everybody pointed out you've taken
literally over three million dollars
from the NRA you scumbag so don't don't
give me that nonsense it's just a
platitude
yeah whatever here I'm gonna throw some
nonsense that doesn't mean anything at
you after your children your child got
slaughtered massacred and I'm not gonna
do anything to change it while people
are tired of the inaction man do
something and don't don't get it twisted
um I'm actually relatively moderate on
the issue of gun violence in the sense
that you know I'm in favor of some
regulations but I'm not in favor of
certain measures that I would consider
extreme so there is room for reasonable
debate and disagreement on this issue
but what's not debatable is hey do we
have it nailed right now because the
answer that it's [ __ ] no I mean people
argue people like to argue on the on the
far right if they're on solidly on one
side of this issue they say well the
bottom line is more guns equals more
peace that's what they argue and they
say you know how I know that there are
more good people in the world than bad
people so if you arm everybody well the
good people with guns outnumber the bad
people with guns therefore the good
people with the guns keep the bad people
with the guns in check so that's a
theory that's a hypothesis here's the
only problem with that you have to
empirically test it to determine whether
or not it's true and when you run the
experiment it turns out that's just not
true so the United States is just
absolutely swimming in a soon
me of weapons we have over over 300
million weapons so we have more guns
than any other developed country and
guess what we actually have more gun
violence so that theory is factually
incorrect hey more guns equals more
peace well the you the US has the most
guns and we have less peace we have more
gun deaths so you're just wrong I don't
know how I was gonna say it you're wrong
you're incorrect we ran the experiment
we see the numbers you're just wrong
sorry now I would have more respect for
those people if they just came out and
said yeah you know what we're gonna have
a higher gun death rate but I don't care
cuz hashtag freedom okay that's a fair
argument you could take that position
that's fine you can make that argument
now I'm not gonna begrudge you that I
might disagree with you I at least
disagree with you a little bit cuz I'm
in favor of some moderate regulations
but just be honest about what your
position is you can't don't lie about it
and say oh we have more guns but that's
gonna be more peace that's just not true
so I saved a few facts here for you at
the end of the story that should put
into perspective just how bad this issue
is of gun violence in America roughly
one hundred and eighty five thousand six
hundred and forty eight people have died
from guns in the US since the shooting
and Sandy Hook
when was Sandy Hook I think it was 2012
right so twenty twelve thirteen fourteen
six years one hundred and eighty five
thousand six hundred forty eight people
have died from guns in the US and Sandy
Hook Sandy Hook doesn't feel like it was
that long you know what that means we've
had three Viet Nam's
in our own borders from guns since Sandy
Hook we've had about 26 wars on terror
in our borders since Sandy Hook let
those facts sink in
don't tell me we can't do anything we
should have a universal background check
with strict standards where if you find
something like a post on social media
I'm going to be a professional school
shooter you go okay no you're not
getting a gun and there should be
penalties if they that person gets sold
to gun legally to the people who sold
them the gun of course so universal
background check with reasonable
standards in place of course a ban on
high-capacity magazines should be in
place so that if somebody has to reload
more often you're making it possible
they were during one of these shootings
you could have somebody tackle them and
you should also generally treat guns
like cars I don't think that's too much
to ask people we look at cars like oh
that's a weapon so you need to pass a
test in order to drive a car now some
people would say well listen but that's
it you don't have a right to a car in
the Constitution you have a right to a
gun in the Constitution but here's the
problem with that argument that doesn't
mean you can't have basic regulations on
that right so I agree you can't ban guns
we agree but can you regulate them of
course you can somebody can't walk
around and say oh I think I have a right
to an RPG or a chemical weapon or a
nuclear weapon no we go that's a weapon
that you're not allowed to have now is
that a restriction of their rights no
just like even with the First Amendment
and free speech you can't do libel or
slander that's against the law
hard to prove rightfully so but against
the law you can't do direct threats of
violence direct specific threats of
violence that's against the first moment
you're not allowed to do that even
though we have an absolutist free speech
stance in this country so you can have a
right to bear arms while understanding
hey you got a pass universal background
check you we can't have high-capacity
