Fareed Zakaria did a curious segment on
the issue of immigration that I wanted
to share with you let's watch the
central issue feeding populism around
the globe is immigration that's why you
still see right-wing populism in such
countries as Germany Holland and Sweden
where economic growth is strong
manufacturing is still vibrant and
inequality has not risen dramatically
Donald Trump remember beats 16 talented
Republican candidates because he
outflanked them all on one issue
immigration meanwhile Democrats continue
to move left on economics believing that
this will make them more credible
populist but polling shows that the
public is already with them on economic
issues where it and the working class
especially differs with them is on
immigration and yet the party is now
more extreme on this topic than it has
ever been positions that dozens of
Democratic senators took on immigration
10 years ago are now totally rejected by
almost every Democratic Party leader
most for example would have agreed that
America's current mix of immigration
skews too heavily toward family
unification and needs to attract more
immigrants with skills now none will
speak on the issue the party today
embraces sanctuary cities suggesting
that local authorities should ignore
federal laws or even defy federal
authorities who try to enforce the law
of the land imagine of Republican
mayor's did the same with regard to laws
they don't like on say guns or abortion
it is difficult to be moderate on any
topic these days most of all immigration
Donald Trump discusses the issue in ways
that to me seem racist factions of the
Republican Party have become ugly and
mean-spirited in tone and temper
demeaning immigrants encouraging
nativism and bigotry to compromise with
these kind of attitudes seems
distasteful even immoral and yet the
issue is one that should allow for some
sensible middle ground the late Edward
Kennedy was one of the most liberal
senators in the country Senator John
McCain is a staunch conservative and yet
they were able to agree on a set of
compromises in the mid 2000s that would
have largely resolved
America's immigration deadlock and the
rage surrounding it let's be honest the
scale and speed of immigration over the
last few decades is a real issue
just since 1990 the share of
foreign-born people in America has gone
from 9% to 15%
it's nearly doubled in Germany and the
Netherlands it's nearly tripled in
Denmark most of the new immigrants do
come from cultures that are more distant
and different and societies can only
take so much change in a generation if
mainstream politicians do not recognize
these realities and insist that those
who speak of them are racists they will
only push the public in its desperation
to embrace the real racists of which
there are many most of that I don't
agree with
he made some points that are decent but
overall that argument is not compelling
to me like oh you better be super far
right-wing on immigration or else the
public will embrace people who are
really far-right on immigration what so
you should be wrong about stuff first so
that the the public doesn't embrace the
other people who are also wrong I don't
that's oh god that's just a weird
argument and also there is a supreme
irony of Fareed Zakaria whose brown
arguing like a lot of immigrants coming
in here man we probably have a Doosan
about this a lot of people from
different cultures you know you know
okay that's bizarre so let me let me
break down his argument there
he says the Democrats are more extreme
on immigration than ever and what he
means is in a left-wing way and he said
that hey come on you need to be more
reasonable on this stuff Obama broke the
deportation record I don't know what you
mean he's so in a weird way he's right
but he's right in the opposite way that
he thinks he is he's like all the
Democrats are more extreme on
immigration than ever yeah they're more
extreme in a right wing direction he
thinks they're more extreme in like a
left
direction.i what the [ __ ] are you
talking about Ronald Reagan did amnesty
Ronald Reagan so the old school
Republicans were in many ways to the
left of the debt
today's Democrats on immigration so what
a weird argument he's making it's so
wrong that it's stunning now furthermore
if you say well maybe Kylie you know
he's not talking about Obama and he's
just talking about these Democrats in
the context of this current debate and
this government shutdown okay let's see
what the Democratic position is tweet
from Dick Durbin our bipartisan deal
gives the president everything he asked
for border security family unification
Visa Lottery DREAM Act this is what
compromise is all about Democrats and
Republicans support it why wouldn't
Congress pass this deal I think they
gave him everything so what do you mean
the Republicans are saying no oh we're
not against daca but we refuse to
support any spending bill that has daca
in it so then how can you blame the
Democrats for not being reasonable on
immigration or not being right-wing
enough on immigration they get dick
Durbin say hey we're giving you
everything you want Chuck Schumer same
thing oh yeah well whatever take I don't
care
so what [ __ ] he was talking about he's
saying Democrats are more extreme than
ever on immigration and he's not saying
in a right wing direction he's saying
they're too extreme in a left wing
direction I how can you read that gives
the president everything he's asked for
and go up these [ __ ] Democrats
they're too unreasonable on these issues
ah ah come on for Reid what are you
doing man what are you doing and listen
where I differ from many people who
watch this show is I don't I'm totally
indifferent to a wall it's super
inconsequential it's just a symbolic
[ __ ] thing it's whatever I couldn't
care less I'm not for the wall but I'm
also not massively against it I don't
view it as like oh it's a [ __ ] wall
you put a fence between you and your
neighbor's house whatever it's a [ __ ]
fence between you or your neighbor's
house I don't care about that but I care
about everything else in the debate and
on everything else the Democrats have
moved to the right not to the left
and they're even saying now we'll give
you the wall - so I don't know what more
you want from Democrats and then also
let's let's keep it real here
furry just made some stuff up he just
made some stuff up there so he said
Trump won because of immigration he
outflanked all the other Republicans on
immigration that's one of the reasons
why he won but these guys everybody
loves to everybody in the establishment
media loves to underplay Trump's
economic populism as campaign rhetoric
he's been the opposite since he got
elected that's a given he's been
horrible on these issues but he was
super left-wing on trade medicare
medicaid social securities and I'm not
gonna cut them I'm not gonna cut them
there were even times where he said
we're gonna cover everybody with health
care that's what we're gonna do there's
only one way to do that it's a medicare
for all so you had to interpret it from
what he's saying and you had to believe
him he even though he's a ranting idiot
who's shooting from the hip but he was
pretty left-wing on economic stuff so he
married the xenophobia and bigotry that
the right-wing base loves so he fired up
the base but then he he put a heavy dose
of economic populism in there railed
against TPP railed against NAFTA you
know sounded like he was gonna be for
workers and then that that attracted
everybody else so that's why you won but
know these just given credit to the to
the anti-immigrant rhetoric that's not
you can't say that that's the main
reason he won because you're just making
that up there's nothing to back that up
and then the argument he makes about
sanctuary cities is also [ __ ] now I
didn't know this until recently but when
I researched it I was like oh that
actually makes perfect sense apparently
the reason for sanctuary cities is not
like Maha we will go against the federal
government and and go in the opposite
direction and protect immigrants
muah-ha-ha know the reason for sanctuary
cities are it actually lowers crime
rates because what happens is if
somebody lives in a high crime
neighborhood and there's a crime that's
committed and they know something if
they are not documented immigrant
they're not going to talk to the police
because then the police find out oh
you're
document immigrant and then maybe they
get deported so people are scared
shitless that if they're upstanding
citizens and they're out there it you
know in the sunlight for everybody to
see that they'll get deported the reason
for sanctuary cities is those people now
report crimes and they go I know I'm not
gonna get deported this is a sanctuary
city so I just saw a [ __ ] violent
crime happen so I'm gonna talk to the
police so I'm gonna tell them hey look
this is what I saw and now they don't
don't worry about getting deported
so it's not like the Republicans portray
it as oh the the Democrats just want to
protect undocumented immigrants because
they're in favor of criminals or
something ridiculous like no the whole
reason for it is actually the opposite
it's to reduce crime because the
statistics bear out that when you have
the sanctuary cities they're able to
stop a lot more crime because then the
undocumented immigrants step out and go
I saw a crime and let me tell you about
it and they're upstanding citizens so I
don't like come on for Reid you're
supposed to be a smart guy who like is
read up on all this [ __ ] and knows the
arguments for it but you're not you
[ __ ] glossed right over that you
probably don't even know it and then the
final point is when he says like imagine
if Republicans did this on abortion and
gun rights so he's saying Oh Democrats
violate a federal law brazenly imagine
if Republicans did this on abortion and
gun rights okay I will cuz they do that
like [ __ ] he's acting like Republicans
are reasonable and they always follow
federal law what the [ __ ] are you
talking about how many how many states
red states have trap laws targeted
restriction of abortion procedure which
basically bans abortion without just
saying the words we are banning abortion
in this state so what they'll do is
they'll come up with arbitrary
guidelines oh your ceilings need to be
15 feet tall they need to be 8 feet or
more wide and oh [ __ ] yours doesn't meet
the code I guess we have to shut you
down
they say oh even if you're a clinic that
just gives out an abortion pill sorry
you need to have a surgical procedure
room as if you you're giving abortions
surgical abortions and they go we don't
we don't do that here they go doesn't
our laws say you have to have a surgical
procedure room and if you don't we're
gonna shut you down this is what they do
they pass you know six week abortion ban
laws in some red states that's
unconstitutional through and through
totally against federal law you have to
it 23 weeks I believe is a lie you could
regulate it after 23 weeks but they go
no we're gonna regulate it we're gonna
say we're gonna ban it after six weeks
that's unconstitutional that's against
federal law but the Republicans do it
anyway on gun rights of course you have
red states where you know oh are we
supposed to do a background check
ttz sorry we didn't do it anyway here's
your weapon were you talking about for
Reid what kind of Pollyanna issue
[ __ ] is this like he knows like the
Republicans follow federal law or the
Democrats need to follow it to Jesus
Christ man so yeah I don't know what the
[ __ ] he's talking about I really don't
now listen overall what's my take on
immigration I've spoken about this
before I fancy myself a moderate on
immigration so I just told you I
genuinely don't give a [ __ ] about the
wall it means nothing and I think people
who act like it means something you're
just being silly because it doesn't mean
anything it means nothing
guess what even if you build the wall
people gonna find a way under it they're
gonna find a way around it they're
people gonna get in this country most
undocumented migrants in this country
take a [ __ ] plane you want to know
why cuz the years not [ __ ] 1876 so you
can get in by taking a plane so it
doesn't that's symbolic [ __ ] I don't
care about that but also in my opinion
look I would deport criminals no problem
deporting criminals whatsoever I don't
think that's a problem I don't think
that's a sign of bigotry by any stretch
of the imagination
I think that's common sense but most
Democrats are in favor of deporting
criminals too so they're not you know
totally off on this but what I would do
is for all the non criminals amnesty
amnesty if you're here and you're you
know a people immigrants by and large
come here to try to create a better life
they're not coming up mwah
we will rob from [ __ ] Thurston they
don't do that that's [ __ ] a
caricature that's [ __ ] they don't do
that so for people who are not criminals
amnesty for them and then from then on
I'm fine with border protection
you know you want to do some sort of
catch-and-release [ __ ] after that fine
do it but for everybody who's already
here in his established here as so many
people are what are we doing we're gonna
[ __ ] sorry you've been here for eight
years and you have a job and you're very
productive and you know you've
assimilated well but we're gonna kick
you out for reasons I don't know why
we're gonna kick you out we're just
gonna kick you out oh your name happens
to be Jose and you have dark skin it's
I'm not trying to kick you out because
of the brownness of your skin I'm just
trying to kick you out because of
something law and order even though
you're a law-abiding citizen and you
have assimilated and you're very
productive and you're doing well here so
that's my take on it amnesty for all the
people who aren't criminals deport the
criminals you can do border protection I
have no problem with that whatsoever so
I am myself a moderate on immigration
but the point is and the reason why Furi
drawing is he's acting like the
democrats are super far lefty on this
when they just said hey trump you could
have your wall the only thing we want is
protection for dreamers which is a
[ __ ] no-brainer kids people both here
as kids and no [ __ ] saying whether or
not they were coming here you're gonna
deport them when all they know is
America so furries wrong because he's
acting like the Democrats are super
left-wing when they're not they're not I
don't know any Democrats who are saying
I want blanket amnesty for everybody in
the country protect the criminals like
what no nobody's saying that so why are
you pretending that the Democrats are
super far left-wing and they're the
unreasonable ones and they're the most
extreme on immigration what do you have
a Republican Party that's saying we're
against dreamers people brought here as
kit under the age of 16 their people
bought here eight years old brought to
us through no choice of their own
they're eight they're brought by their
parents they've become very productive
something like over 99% of them are good
law-abiding citizens you know some
really high percentage of them work so
on and so forth Republicans are
pretending like oh no we're not against
them but then any spending bill that has
protection for dreamers in a drug know
we're against that so why isn't your
rant targeted only at the right because
they're the extreme ones on immigration
I don't know where the [ __ ] you're
getting all this [ __ ] from and there is
a supreme irony in you being a brown man
and acting like these you know these
immigrants man what are we gonna do
about them freed what [ __ ] are you
talking about man what are you doing
here okay so yeah he's mostly wrong he's
mostly wrong
the only thing where there's a grain of
truth is the idea that moderation on
this issue is a good thing it's a
reasonable thing and I'm in favor of
moderation on this issue but where he's
wrong is assuming the Democrats are
super far left wait that's just not true
they're nowhere near super far left
doing on this issue
not even close in fact old-school
Republicans like Reagan in many ways
were to the left of Democrats on the
issue of immigration so you totally
misdiagnosed this
