so there was a giant election in Brazil
yesterday the presidential race was a
guy named Jay herb Olson ro who's a
far-right candidate versus Fernando
Haddad and this guy is from the Workers
Party but my understanding of the
situation is that he's relatively
centrist and bolson ro ended up winning
with 55% of the vote
so people are comparing this guy to
Donald Trump but Glenn Greenwald who
knows Brazilian politics better than
anybody else in in the u.s. certainly
better than any people in the mainstream
of the US who would compare Paulsen ro
to Trump he's saying no he's not really
like Trump he's a lot more like Rodrigo
Duterte of the Philippines and perhaps
even worse than Rodrigo Duterte so for
those you don't know Rodrigo doterra to
do territory in the Philippines is doing
a genocide against drug users that's not
like that's that's literal like I don't
even hesitate for a split second to say
that word there because he's openly
called he said kill them in the street
kill them where you see him I'm allowing
green-lighting the cops to kill them I
would want their families to kill people
in their own family they're uh you know
drug users but it might be too hard for
them so we'll just have the cops do it
the guy's nuts and also by the way there
are there have been articles about how
he's addicted to fentanyl which might be
one of the strongest drugs on the
 planet so as he's taking drugs
he's like let's assassinate drug users
just an outright authoritarian dictator
menace this guy is and again Boston ro
this guy might even be a little bit
worse so I have to give you a little bit
of the backstory as to what happened in
Brazil before we can get into this
election so there was a president in
Brazil by the name of Lula and this guy
was probably the best way to describe
him is kind of a down the line social
democrat moderately left-wing in the
sense that he really did implement
policies that lifted many people out of
poverty at the same time he lifted
people out of poverty though it's been
pointed out that the rich we're still
doing exceptionally well in Brazil but
the ruling class in capital they
despised Social Democrats they just do I
mean look at how Bernie Sanders is
treated even though Bernie Sanders is
not in any serious sense of the word a
radical they look at him and they
despise him same thing happened with
Lula in Brazil so they mocked up these
 corruption charges against Lula
and they locked him up then they
implemented a politician to be like an
interim president and this politician is
the most disliked politician in
Brazilian history which is insane so
then we had the election and it was it's
almost sounds very similar to what
happened in 2016 in the US where you had
like a very centrist not inspiring
candidate versus a far-right candidate
and the results were absolutely
disastrous and and Bolson ro1 so I've
already seen tweets of Lula would've won
hashtag Lula would have won in the same
way that we had Bernie would have won
because obviously you know the all of
the relevant data shows that Bernie
Sanders had a gigantic lead on Donald
Trump way more than Hillary Clinton's
lead on Donald Trump so there's already
these comparisons being made and by the
way Lula is still locked up over these
mucked up anti corruption charges so
that's that's the the groundwork okay
and it goes to a point we've made over
and over the only way you can beat the
fake populist on the right is with real
populist on the left well let me give
you more about gyroball senarios record
so you can see just how disastrous he is
I'm gonna use his own words here this is
was a great article in the intercept
they laid out quotes he's had from the
1990s and on he's been a politician in
Brazil for a long time now
and he's uh he's on the record about the
things he actually believes listen to
this here's here's one of his quotes the
big problem in Brazil is that the
government is at the jugular of
businessmen the worker will have to
decide less rights and employment or all
the rights and unemployment so he is an
absolute Crusader of a privatized ER ok
he believes in you know unregulated
unfettered capitalism an interesting
fact about that The Wall Street Journal
endorsed this guy so big money broke in
the fascist direction big money prefers
fascism and I'm about to show you how
that's literal big money prefers fascism
to social democracy which is why you
know when you have say Bernie Sanders
versus Donald Trump watch what happens
to all those so-called Democratic
billionaires and which way they break
the overwhelming majority of them would
break to trump and against Bernie
Sanders big money prefers fascism to
social democracy ok now we're just
getting started here this is his
economic philosophy he wants to
privatize everything and you know the
Amazon rainforest for example now
there's they're looking to you know
basically take a hatchet to the Amazon
rainforest for big business and let them
exploit the Amazon rainforest
devastating ok if I become president
bolson ro says there won't be any money
for NGOs nongovernmental organizations
these worthless people will have to work
if I get there as far as far as I'm
concerned every citizen will have a
firearm in their home you will not have
a centimeter demarcated for indigenous
reserves so you know hey native people
fuck'em let's have a gun in every home
and no money for non-governmental
organizations so again this speaks to
he's a hardline capitalist he wants to
Dax social programs beyond Brazil
above all since we are a Christian
country God above everyone it is not
this story this little story of a
secular state it is a Christian state
and if a minority is against it then
move let's make a Brazil for the
majorities minorities have to bow to the
majorities the law must exist to defend
the majorities majorities must fit fit
in or simply disappear so he's also a
believer in theocracy
hey listen Christian country God above
everyone forget secularism God above
everyone it's a Christian state and we
should have the tyranny of the majority
take away the rights of the minority
more he says I would not employ a woman
with the same salary of a man but there
are many women who are competent openly
admitting yeah I would never pay any
woman the same salary as a man to which
I would ask him what if they're
producing equal amounts quote I would
not employ a woman with the same salary
of a man all right let me give you more
I would be incapable of loving a
homosexual child I'm not going to act
like a hypocrite here I'd rather have my
son died in an accident than show up
with some mustachioed guy for me he
would have died if your son starts
acting a little gay hit him with some
leather and he'll change his behavior
that's one of endless endless anti-gay
quotes he is a die-hard and proud
homophobe it's gonna keep getting worse
I got more quote torture works I'm in
favor of torture you know that and the
people are in favor as well got a
healthy Dick Cheney streak in him quote
through the vote you will not change
anything in this country nothing
absolutely nothing it will only change
unfortunately when one day we start a
civil war here and do the work that the
military regime did not do alluding to
the dictatorship in the past in Brazil
killing some 30
thousand starting with fhc who was then
president Fernando Henrique Cardoso not
kicking them out killing if some
innocent people are going to die fine in
any war innocents die he's on the record
as saying votes not going to change
anything I'm not for voting let's start
a civil war and kill 30,000 people let's
kill my political enemies and don't even
just kick him out kill him and if some
innocent people die whatever it's fine
that's what a war is he's advocating
civil war and killing 30,000 of his
fellow countrymen because they disagree
with him politically an interviewer
asked him if you were the President of
the Republic today would you close the
National Congress he responds there's no
doubt about it
I do a coup on the same day it the
Congress doesn't work and I'm sure at
least 90% of the population would throw
a party would applaud because it does
not work Congress today is good for
nothing brother
it just votes for what the president
wants if he is the person who decides
who rules who Trump's the Congress then
let's have a coup quickly and go
straight to dictatorship which leads me
to my last quote he once said I am in
favor of a dictatorship a regime of
exception he's an open fascist that's
what he is that's what he is and it's
amazing watching mainstream media tiptoe
around that they would rather I'm not
kidding I've seen more headlines that
calm a populace than a fascist how
populist well on the minds of mainstream
media oh it's his tone you know hey
Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump have a
similar tone in that they sound angry so
their populist the is that
talk about laundering right-wing
ideology and trying to equate it to
social democracy and what did I tell you
The Wall Street Journal endorsed this
guy so big money breaks in favor of
fascism over social democracy they
didn't give a that he's on the
record saying kill 30,000 my political
opponents I'm in favor of torture isn't
dictatorship great I love dictator
ship gay people are in people they're
terrible and I would kill my son if he
was gay and I would never accept that in
any situation this is it's insane what
we're watching happen right now and
what's bothering me to no end is that
the establishment center is so
ill-equipped to deal with it because
they bring a butter knife to a gunfight
again the only way you defeat fascists
the only way you defeat the fake
populace on the right is with the
populace left and they actively kneecap
the populace left and and hold up the
right as preferable as better this guy
is as extreme as it gets and he's being
treated like just any other politician
[Music]
we need to have a serious conversation
about strategy to curtail the rise of
the far right because listen I got news
for you guys what do you think led to
this what do you think led to this now
establishment neoliberal corporatist
types which have you believe that
whenever a bad leader is elected it's
just simply because people are bad . so
vote for us cuz we're the good people
and we're against the bad people oh how
 genius are you what an inspiring
message no the reality is when the
establishment when the status quo has
screwed over regular people for so long
they're gonna throw a brick through your
window they're gonna blow up the
establishment and want to start from
scratch this is what we're seeing in
Brazil with Bolson ro you know this is
what we're seeing with brexit this is
what we saw with Donald Trump now that's
not to say that oh my god that's the
proper solution but it is to say that
when people feel like business as usual
is not working for them and it's hurting
them they will go to extreme answers and
I said it once I probably said it eight
times already in this segment the only
way to beat the fake populace on the
right is with the real populace on the
left but they keep trying to force-feed
us
a centrist garbage candidates again
that's why everybody and hash tag Lula
would have won Lula was overwhelmingly
popular locked up on mucked up
corruption charges and by the way this
is a lesson to the left you got to learn
to circle the wagons when it's time to
circle the wagons you have to learn it
man you have to do that because if you
don't do that they will co-opt the
things that you care about against you
so people on the Left care deeply about
corruption I know because I'm one of
them you know I support Wolfpack the
28th amendment to get money out of
politics I support you know ending the
revolving door and kicking the lobbyists
out of Washington
I'm as anti corruption as it gets it's
one of the main features of my political
ideology but what they're gonna do is
take the non corrupt people and accuse
them of corruption we've already seen it
when they've already tried it with
Bernie Sanders remember with the oh my
god his wife and a college and something
happened at the college where they did
something corrupt are you
kidding me you take somebody who is
literally the least corrupt politician
in America and you try to muck up a
corruption scandal against him why it's
the oldest trick in the book accused
them of what you're guilty of the guy
who they installed to replace Lula had a
way bigger corruption scandal than Lula
it was mucked up charges it was mucked
up charges so understand this is what
they're gonna do they're gonna come at
the populace left with every single
thing that they've got and they're gonna
try to turn you against your own the
left has to learn to unite to actually
fight to fight and win that's the only
way we're gonna win they're gonna try to
divide and conquer us they're gonna do
projection in order to try to defeat us
and accuse us of what they're guilty of
but we have to unite that's the only way
that we win and unfortunately is far too
easy to split up the left so I'm telling
you I'm warning you in advance get ready
because those are the charges that's one
of the first things that they're gonna
do and whether it's Tulsi
Gabbard or Bernie Sanders or ROH Khanna
or any of us we're going to go out there
the corrupt ones what to people who are
taking no corporate back money and who
are running on populist left policies
that help the people there the corrupt
ones and look at who's gonna be making
the charges it's gonna be neoliberal
democrat establishment type types or
it's gonna be you know orrin hatch
far-right lunatic Republican types so I
just need you to know what's coming
because this is the PlayBook that they
used against Lula in Brazil and it
worked so here we are
the rise of the far-right is still
happening and we may have just lost
Brazil two literal fascism and
dictatorship so we need organization on
the left now more than ever and we need
to be unapologetic and we need to fight
for what we believe in and we need to
build a movement based on real populism
left populism based on giving people
health care and education and paid
vacation time by law and a unions and
better wages and the freedom to use
drugs this philosophy you there's a non
philosophy in the center
hey status quo is great keep it as is
I'm gonna serve business that's a non
philosophy a non philosophy cannot beat
a philosophy and the far right love
miranium they have a philosophy so let's
combat that with the proper philosophy
the agenda that I just laid out because
that's the only way that we defeat these
absolute monsters
