Brett Kavanaugh had a hearing what was
it three or four days ago now and it
went on pretty much all day and it was
the biggest news story of the day by far
every outlet was talking nonstop about
it well I had to chime in I know this is
after the fact but I had to chime in on
a particular part of it I'm gonna play
this for you and then we'll discuss it
but this is Lindsey Graham absolutely
losing his mind during the hearing and
he's gonna go over the top in his
defense of Brett Kavanaugh take a look
are you aware that at 9:23 on the night
of July the 9th the day you were
nominated to the Supreme Court by
President Trump Senator Schumer said 23
minutes after your nomination I will
oppose judge Cavanaugh his nomination
with everything I have I have a
bipartisan and I hope a bipartisan
majority will do the same the stakes are
simply too high for anything less well
if you weren't aware of it you are now
did you meet with Senator Dianne
Feinstein on August 20th I did meet with
Sarah fines did you know that her staff
had already recommended a lawyer to dr.
Ford I did not know that did you know
that her and her staff had this
allergies allegations for over 20 days I
did not know that at the time if you
wanted an FBI investigation you could
have come to us what you want to do is
destroy this guy's life hold this seat
open and hope you win in 2020 you said
that not me you've got nothing to
apologize for when you see Sotomayor and
Kagan tell them it Lindsey said all
because I voted for them I would never
do to them what you've done to this guy
this is the most unethical sham since
I've been in politics and if you really
wanted to know the truth you sure as
hell wouldn't have done what you've done
to this guy are you a gang rapist
No
I cannot imagine what you and your
family were going through boy y'all want
power god I hope you never get it I hope
the American people can see through this
sham that you knew about it and you held
it you had no intention of protecting
dr. fort none she's as much of a victim
as you are god I hate to say it cuz
these have been my friends but let me
tell you when it comes to this you're
looking for a fair process you came to
the wrong town at the wrong time my
friend do you consider this a job
interview
the advise and consent role is like a
job consider that you've been through a
job interview I've been through a
process of advice and consent under the
Constitution would you say you've been
through hell I've been through hell and
then some this is not a job interview
yeah this is hell this this is going to
destroy the ability of good people to
come forward because of this crap your
high school yearbook you have interacted
with professional women all your life
not one accusation you're supposed to be
Bill Cosby when you're a junior and
senior and high school and all of a
sudden you got over it
spend my understanding that if you drug
women and rape them for two years in
high school you probably don't stop
here's my understanding if you lived a
good life people would recognize it like
the American Bar Association has the
gold standard his integrity is
absolutely unquestioned he is the very
circumspect in his personal conduct
harbors no biases or prejudices he's
entirely ethical is a really decent
person
he has warm friendly unassuming he's the
nicest person the ABA one thing I can
tell you you should be proud of Ashley
you should be proud of this that you've
raised a daughter
who had the good character to pray for
dr. Ford to my Republican colleagues if
you vote no you're legitimizing the most
despicable thing I have seen in my time
in politics you want this seat I hope
you never get it I hope you're on the
Supreme Court that's exactly where you
should be and I hope that the American
people will see through this charade and
I wish you well and I intend to vote for
you and I hope everybody who's
fair-minded will Oh pipe down you
melodramatic prick Jesus Christ I mean
you want to talk about turning the
theatrics up to 11 for no goddamn reason
so let's let's break this down here I
want to go through a bunch of his points
because I think responding to it is
important so at the beginning he says
before he gets all flustered and starts
yelling if you wanted an FBI
investigation you could have come to us
well that's exactly what the Democrats
have been calling for for an extended
period of time now I actually have
disagreements with them on that I would
prefer a criminal investigation because
if these charges are true well then have
a criminal investigation look into it
because now there's not even just one
allegation there's you know four or five
and if anybody wants to get to the to
the truth and wants to hold somebody
accountable like any other person would
be held accountable well then you should
have some sort of a criminal
investigation now to be fair I'm not
sure what the statute of limitations is
but the allegations at least in the case
of dr. Christine Blasi Ford it's it's
attempted rape
so that strikes me as an incredibly
serious charge and crime and listen if
you're somebody who's as well I don't
believe it well then you have nothing to
fear from a criminal investigation
because it will clear his name so I have
a different approach than the Democrats
but when Lindsey Graham says oh you know
hey you should have been reasonable and
called for an FBI investigate
well that's exactly what they're doing
that's all I heard from every Democrat
was let's have an FBI investigation so
for you to now pretend like well you
should have done this thing that you're
doing it's like that makes no sense
that's exactly what they're calling for
right now and then there's another part
in the hearing where they said to
Cavanaugh like oh because Cavanaugh said
repeatedly throughout the hearing like
I'm in favor of clearing my name with an
investigation but then when asked
directly like okay so will you will you
recommend right now an FBI investigation
into it he would always kind of dodged
the question and tap-dance around it so
it's so weird that like what you're
getting all worked up and you're getting
angry when the Democrats are calling for
exactly what you said they should call
for just incredibly weird then he says
ah the Democrats are trying to hold this
seat open
listen Neal Gorsuch skated by and got
right in the court with barely a whimper
okay so clearly the Democrats and this
is to my dismay I wish they would fight
hard and I wish wish they would obstruct
on issues where they should obstruct
because you are the opposition party but
Gorsuch there wasn't a sexual assault
allegation against him there wasn't much
of a resistance to him and he flew by
and he got on the court so this idea of
like oh this is all mucked up that's
what this is well if it's mucked up why
wouldn't they have tried it with the
first pick in the ogor such I mean again
your arguments that they're making just
don't make sense or the arguments that
Lindsey Graham is making it just doesn't
make sense
and then the other point is you're gonna
now be concerned about holding a seat up
what about Merrick garland there well
what they broke the record of not even
holding a hearing for the guy Bhama had
like something like over a year left in
his presidency like I see what happened
was you can't have it's a new a new rule
we just came up with it's you can't the
year the last year of a presidency you
can't
before the election you can't you know
what what are you gonna do you you can't
put somebody on the Supreme Court
because it's a year before the next
election well by that logic it's not a
year until the midterms it's a less than
a year until the elections in fact the
elections are very close the midterm so
by your own logic sorry that you set the
standard and now the Democrats are doing
something similar but you set the
standard now didn't you okay then
classic Lindsey Graham nonsense this is
the most unethical sham since I've been
in politics now I'm gonna get in other
stories I'm gonna get to how that's just
literally not true and that Cavanaugh
lied repeatedly and there are there's
merit and there's evidence to back up
the allegations now you could say oh
this shouldn't be brought up anyway okay
that that's that's a position that you
could take but the idea that oh it's an
unethical sham and there's nothing to
this no but there is something to it and
it's actually been it's it's fairly
provable in my opinion based on the
evidence that we already have again I'll
get to that later stories and I'll lay
that out for you in detail because
Cavanaugh repeatedly committed perjury
it's not even close it's just obvious
how many times he lied and and the
evidence that dr. Bazzi fort has for her
so to call it an unethical sham is just
not true and then also here's a guy
who's been for every single offensive
war since he's been in politics that's
not an exaggeration when he ran for
president by the way lol he ran for
president this is the guy who said
openly I think it was an interview with
CNBC he's like he was asked hey so how
do we you get out of Iraq he says you
don't leave you stay there so a guy who
voted for an offensive war illegal war
under international law against a
country that didn't attack us and then
we occupied that country then we ordered
torture to cover it up a guy who voted
for the Patriot Act which of course you
know legalized warrantless
unconstitutional NSA spying that guy is
now saying this is the most unethical
sham since I've been in politics what I
mean come on man that's
an insane thing to say it's an insane
thing to say and how angry he gets
pisses me off more than anything because
it's like dude some of these Wars killed
literally hundreds of thousands of
innocent people not only did he not
raise his voice in opposition to it he
didn't have any opposition to it and in
fact he actively supported these wars so
spare me I mean it's it's when another
entitled pampered prep school prick gets
called out on his garbage that Lindsey
Graham melts down I mean that's what
this is by the way these allegations
before Trump even picked Kavanagh these
allegations were out when there was the
list that said oh here the potential
Supreme Court picks dr. Christine Blasi
for said Brett Kavanaugh did this to me
so even before he was picked this was
out there and dr. Christine Blasi
foretold her a therapist in 2012 hey I
was sexually assaulted somebody
attempted to rape me it was Brett
Kavanaugh and you know the other guy was
in the room whatever his name is he put
his hand over her mouth and tried to
force himself on her but it's one other
elitists who have the proper pedigree
yes are called out on their [ __ ]
that they that they saved their anger
for those moments and it's all my
reputation has been harmed by
unbelievable terrible things you've kind
of aback a lot about my reputation I
think your reputation is ruined enough
by your own actions and by your own
judicial philosophy by the way which is
another thing the Democrats should be
resisting on unfortunately they're only
resisting in regards to his personal
conduct and then he goes on to say well
if there was one allegation what the
hell there's usually many allegations so
obviously you didn't do it cuz there's
only one allegation first of all that's
hilarious that what it is impossible for
there to be one allegation against
somebody that's just not true of course
it's possible for that happen that's
happened many times sure you could say
there's a pattern of if there's one
there's many but to say like oh if
there's not many therefore it's [ __ ]
I mean what a flimsy [ __ ] argument
and then furthermore there are multiple
allegations so he's just ignoring it or
lying about it and then finally he says
if you vote no you're legitimizing
something despicable here and this is
the heart of the pathetic charade that
is Lindsey Graham's faux anger here now
he's made it so that oh if you vote no
you're you're legitimizing the charade
so in other words on judicial philosophy
you cannot oppose capital because
obviously on that front
well we he's perfect for their job and
that is the heart of what I hate about
what Lindsey Graham is doing here
because that implication is utter
garbage even if you frame it from the
Republican perspective like oh if you're
a Republican obviously you would support
this guy and don't give in to this
charade no but if you're a Republican
for example there are some conservatives
in the house who would say you know what
I genuinely don't like big government
Brett Kavanaugh in his decisions has
come out in favor of warrantless
unconstitutional NSA spying on everybody
collecting everybody's metadata so from
a principled conservative perspective
his ideology is wrong and I don't agree
with that so I'm not gonna vote for him
but again Lindsey Graham frames that
like no that's not a thing it's not a
thing to reasonably disagree with
Kavanagh even putting the allegations
aside it's not a thing to reasonably
disagree with Cavanaugh on his judicial
philosophy so you have to vote for him
now because you don't want to legitimize
something despicable it's just that's
garbage Lindsey that's not our argument
that's not a point that's a dumb
preposterous silly thing to say but you
said it anyway because you save all your
anger and all your outrage for defending
this [ __ ] jack jackass jackoff
probably shouldn't say jackoff in this
context but that's that's what you're
gonna do this is the hill you want to
die on the hill you want to die on pick
another paper prep school prick pick
another one
