yesterday we had another terrible mass
shooting at least 26 people were killed
at a church in Sutherland Springs Texas
on Sunday law enforcement confirmed that
there were also many more injuries the
shooter is also dead following a brief
chase
there was a Good Samaritan who got in
his car and basically chased this guy
down and there was a shootout between
the two of them and then it appears like
there was a self-inflicted gunshot wound
on the part of the perpetrator the Texas
governor Greg Abbott said quote as a
state we are dealing with the largest
mass shooting in our state's history so
here's what we know to this point about
the the shooting the shooting reportedly
occurred at the First Baptist Church in
Sutherland Spring Springs Texas around
11:30 a.m. local time this is from Vox
by the way at least 26 people were
killed although it's not clear if that
number will rise approximately 20 others
were injured the shooter is dead
following a car pursuit by local
resident it's unclear if he killed
himself or was killed by someone else
since then I think they've established
that he indeed killed himself the
victims ages range from five years old
to 72 years old First Baptist Church
pastor Frank Pomeroy's 14 year old
daughter and all of his families close
friends were killed in the attack this
is what Pomeroy told houston-based ABC
13 the shooter has been identified as 26
year old Devon Patrick Kelly law
enforcement officials told CBS and NBC
Kelly was previously in the Air Force
but he was court-martialed
and sentenced to a bad conduct discharge
according to the Daily Beast I'm gonna
come back to that in just a second here
local state and federal law enforcement
are on the ground there is no other
threat in the area at the time according
to law enforcement Sutherland Springs is
about 30 miles southeast of San Antonio
it's an unincorporated community with a
population of about 400 according to San
Antonio based Fox 29 the church
regularly post videos of its service
and it shows you know a vibrant
community with parishioners singing
playing electric guitar and talking
about all types of things so I told you
I'd come back and I'd revisit his bad
conduct discharge from the Air Force
he was discharged because he assaulted
his wife and his kid
he's a domestic abuser he was still
legally able to purchase guns Donald
Trump came out after the shooting and
said well I mean look let's don't blame
the gun this is a mental health issue is
what this is and the problem is not guns
the problem is that this guy had a gun
so blame him blame the individual and
guess what according to his own logic he
did the wrong thing because it was the
Trump administration it was the
Republicans who recently signed a piece
of legislation that said if you are - if
you're not have sound enough mind to
control your finances and you're on
Social Security they say you should be
able to have a gun it was under Obama
that he said okay listen if somebody if
we already know as a matter of fact that
somebody is not have sound enough mind
to control their finances they're not
have sound enough mind to control a
firearm well Trump and the Republicans
disagreed and they got rid of that rule
so even according to his own logic of
wobba don't blame the gun per se you
blame but this particular person in the
fact that this person had a gun okay
well you've shown repeatedly that you're
actually okay with people with severe
mental issues having guns in fact you
know the Republicans have been on a tear
attempting to gut Medicaid I mean they
didn't do the Medicaid expansion under
Obama care but that's one fact but in
Trump care and all the different
versions they cut Medicaid for
further well guess what Medicaid is one
of the is not one of the it is the
number one provider of mental health
care in the country so you don't get to
do the tap dance and say oh mental
illness mental illness mental illness
when you are in favor of people with
severe mental issues getting a gun and
you're also not in favor of treating
those mental illnesses because you're
gutting the program that treats them so
this is the tap dance and we go round
and round and round and nothing gets
accomplished even though these shootings
keep happening and by the way let me
show you this chart here because this is
something else this shows us the 5
deadliest shootings in in modern US
history they've all come in the last 10
years and two of them in the past six
weeks so the number one worst mass
shooting just happened in Las Vegas 58
people killed what was it over 300
people injured that just happened and
now you know
a month later 26 people killed in
Sutherland Springs Texas and you go down
the list there there was the one in
Orlando Florida the pulse nightclub
shooting that was in 2016
Virginia Tech 2007 the Sandy Hook 2012
you go down the list there and if it
feels like they're occurring more often
it's because they are and we live in a
country that so corrupt and the system
is so rotten that even when 93% of the
American people say I want a universal
background check a comprehensive
universal background check for gun
purchases we don't get that past we
don't get that into law I mean that's
wild man in what's supposed to be a
representative democracy you would think
that the politicians would represent you
enough where when 93% of you want
something we get it I mean that's a
pretty open-and-shut case is it not but
no we don't get it why because the NRA
pays a tremendous amount of money to
Republican politicians and they block
any and all reform on this issue no
matter how common
sensical it is I mean 93% universal
background check we can't get that 60%
want to ban on high-capacity magazines
we can't get that and by the way you
know how sometimes sometimes it's the
case where you look at a shooting and
you go I don't know what law could have
prevented this because sometimes a law
couldn't have prevented it because the
facts of the matter or just hey the
person didn't have anything messed up in
their background or you know for
whatever reason a specific law wouldn't
have stopped a specific case well this
is one of those cases where a law would
have stopped it you know by the way the
Dylan roof one they didn't complete the
background check on Dylan roof before
they sold him his weapon if we had a
longer waiting period between when he
goes to purchase his gun when he
actually gets his gun perhaps the Dylan
roof one could have been prevented
because he would have failed the
background check in this instance if the
guy is a domestic abuser I mean any
thorough background check that has you
know rules linked to that would go yeah
we're not selling to you because you're
a domestic abuser so this isn't a lot to
ask for man this is not a lot to ask for
to say let's have a background check
let's have rules as to who can and
cannot buy it and then people go well
listen but Kyle that's not gonna work
because then well who's to say that
these people won't go on the black
market and get a gun that way and then
end up doing the same thing yes in some
of those cases but you will prevent many
of these shootings because these laws
deter some people from going that extra
steps some people might not have the
connect to get a gun on the black market
or something like that
so what we're talking about here is is
macro statistics and we live in a
country where over 10,000 people die
every year from homicides from guns we
have over 32,000 that die from gun
violence now that number admittedly
includes homicides suicides accidents so
yes in
you go totally you know full-on
authoritarian and ban all guns you're
not gonna cut that number two like under
a hundred people and I'm not in favor of
banning guns as I've stated a thousand
times but what I am in favor of is
regulation to drastically reduce that
number the over 32,000 gun deaths and
the over 10,000 homicides and there's no
doubt that simple reforms would achieve
that goal I mean we should be treating
guns like we treat cars we should have
you know a permitting system we
obviously should have a universal
background check
you know ar-15s have been using almost
all these shootings why are those still
legal so ban on high-capacity magazines
this is not a lot to ask for you know if
you're somebody who is a law-abiding
citizen and you want a gun for
protection
I'm not I'm nobody to tell you you can't
have that I think you should have that
but that doesn't mean that a guy who was
a domestic abuser and it was on his
record and we knew about it doesn't mean
that that guy should legally be able to
get a gun and if you disagree with that
then you're I think you're just being
stubborn on purpose you're trying you're
searching for a reason to disagree even
though you know it's totally
unreasonable to disagree on that front
so it's just sad man they keep happening
they keep happening and it really is
soul-sucking and soul-crushing
where we I feel every time I see one of
these I feel so utterly and completely
helpless because if we had an instance
where children were massacred at Sandy
Hook okay and then we had an instance
where 58 people were killed
58 in Las Vegas and now we have an
instance here where 26 people are killed
at least and all of those happening and
all those happening very recently
haven't led to any any change any reform
well then you know what that onion
article seems prescient and profound you
know the one that they always tweet out
after a mass shooting
you know it's something along the lines
of there's nothing we can do to stop
this says the only nation where it
regularly happens there's a lot we can
do to reduce the number of these things
reduce the casualty rate but obviously
money needs to not corrupt our politics
because the Republicans are doing the
bidding of the NRA and you also need to
have people who are willing to be
intellectually honest about what the
problem is and many people are not and
then of course the the final point I'll
make here is the difference in reaction
listen when you had it just it's just a
fact that when you look at the reaction
after the Las Vegas shooting 58 people
dead hundreds injured that story
amazingly was pretty much gone in the
media after three days so there's three
days of coverage then it kind of petered
out and and that was that and at first
people were like hey maybe we banned
bump stocks which is the least you could
do because it turns semi-automatic
weapons into fully automatic weapons but
then they even the conversation about
that petered out the Democrats don't
keep the pressure on cuz they're [ __ ]
idiots and they don't know how to be
strong and they don't know how to fight
for what they should believe in and you
know this is an instance where I'm
keeping my eye on it I think the same
thing is gonna happen give it three days
and it'll peter out and the response
from the right when you look at for
example the terrorist attack that just
happened in New York where far fewer
people died and that's not to downplay
it again it's just to state the fact of
the matter I think it was nine people
who died in the terror attack in New
York when you turned on right-wing media
outlets it was wall-to-wall coverage of
that and it was oh my god we have to do
something about it we have to do
something about it now and of course
this is what they used to call for
immigration bans and further extreme
vetting even though we have extreme
vetting and all this stuff but it's
amazing how they go depending on the
identity of the shooter they go on the
offense in one instance - totally plain
defense in the other instance where now
it's like you know they say whoa whoa
whoa what do you mean no
this is I mean this is a lone wolf this
is a guy with a mental illness and this
is not so there's nothing we could do
about this I mean this is basically the
the price of freedom an even [ __ ]
morning joke pointed this out on MSNBC
he said imagine this shooter who went
into a church and killed at least 26
people and shot a five-year-old and a 70
some-odd year-old imagine this person's
name was Mohammed imagine their name was
Mohammed and then think about the
reaction and how quickly people would
want to do something and by the way in
that instance probably do something that
would not directly address the problem
because like for example every time they
talk about solutions to Islamic
terrorism they want to do stuff like
what the so called Muslim ban which
doesn't even put countries like Saudi
Arabia on the list by the way none favor
of a ban it's not a good idea but if
you're gonna try to identify a threat
maybe the place where most of the
attackers on 9/11 came from would be the
number-one place
maybe the [ __ ] you know extremist
Wahhabi state would be the number-one
place but no they're our allies so they
get off the list and then what he gonna
do ban people from [ __ ] use Becca San
when this is the one attacker maybe ever
from Uzbekistan in the US so you know
their solutions are irrational even when
they want to call for solutions in
certain circumstances but it's amazing
how there's no discussion of potential
solutions when it's a white dude with a
gun there's none whatsoever in
right-wing circles and listen man people
say you can't politicize a tragedy
everything's already political and yes
that that includes when there's a Muslim
terrorist attack that includes when
there's a right-wing terror attack that
includes when there's a mass shooting so
it is only perfectly logical after all
these things happen to you know discuss
what to do to try to prevent the next
one from occurring and we're not really
doing that and I don't think anything's
gonna get accomplished and you know in
in far right-wing circles online you
know who they're blaming this on and
Tifa
because there was a joke tweet that blew
up where you know people were talking we
covered this story were left wingers
were kind of mocking and trolling right
wingers and saying on November 4th and
Tifa super soldiers will behead all
white parents in the public square or
something to that effect and it's
obvious jokes and what happened many
right-wing outlets said what they were a
day late but here it is here it is on
November 5th they're killing all these
white people unbelievable antiva terror
terror group it's like it doesn't matter
what the facts are as always go go back
to the narrative here here the facts I
will go back to the narrative facts and
narrative facts narrative doesn't matter
if there's no connection doesn't matter
if it makes absolutely no sense just you
know hey how can I find a way to spin
this to blame it on an Tifa I saw some
call on this guy oh he converted to
Islam zero evidence of that at all even
though the answer in this instance is
literally right in front of our faces
the guy was a domestic abuser obviously
had serious issues and he was still
legally allowed to get a gun oh it's
really sad and this is gonna keep
happening it's gonna keep happening
unless there's a giant offensive from
the Democrats to say no this isn't gonna
happen anymore and here exactly what our
proposals are I love how you know Obama
and Biden they tweeted about this and
they said we need to come up with strong
clear solutions on gun reform
why don't you list them this is the
Democratic diseased is weakness and
vagueness you know like you literally
can go out there after the shooting and
say universal background checks no
exceptions
ban on high-capacity magazines a
permitting system ban on assault weapons
you can list what you think the
solutions are but a legit say we must do
something and then that something gets
watered down so much to the point where
it's [ __ ] nothing we're even the bump
stock bad just the bump stock ban which
prevents semi
max from becoming fully automatics even
that died and it died because the
Democrats are weak and they don't fight
even though this is an opportunity it's
an opportunity to give the American
people what they want and what they
desperately need and deserve it's an
opportunity to fight to stand up for
what your values are supposed to be but
that's exactly the problem when you
don't really believe in anything
then everything Peters out and flounders
away and oscillates in the [ __ ]
atmosphere and just becomes irrelevant
so here we are yet again another giant
tragedy and Congress will continue to
sit around with their thumbs up their
ass
