well hello mofos hey hey all my
cellphones in Guam look like Guatemala
on the other side of the Ring sure it's
not gonna interfere with the UH with the
feed your internet actually does look
better so far today I like my computer
knock on wood man but every week we say
this [ __ ] or like I let's not jinx it
but I refreshed my skype unusually I'm
such an idiot because the the Mac laptop
asked me what the like administrator
like name is and password mm-hm and I
usually never know what it is and then
just today I was like I think it's just
corn and my password hard type that [ __ ]
a minute worked Oh God there you go like
so dumb
oh it's what it is nailing a password on
this first try is such a it's like oh
what a relief this is so that's a good
feeling
then you'll try to go to the same [ __ ]
three months later and then you forget
it you're like yeah just had this how
did this [ __ ] happen well anyway so
they worked like I did every update on
skype and it was like you want to do
this [ __ ] to Oz like it [ __ ] it do it
and did like some extra [ __ ] how long
did it take it probably was a long
upgrade it wasn't that long to be honest
with you it was actually quick it like
it wasn't one of those that took forever
and was like remember back in the day
like the piece of paper used to be like
no you don't remember that what you
would download something yeah I do I do
I remember that and you would say like
this will be done in six hours and 54
seconds and then like you wait six hours
and it be like you've got another 12
hours
yeah it's uh it looks good so that's
good news
we got 82 polls that we have to do today
so we should probably jump right into
the polls let's get it so first of all
we'll do morning showerer verse night
shower because we debated that last time
and I'm very interested to see what
people have to say about that
I know I guess what's my turn on that
[ __ ] I am a morning shower but there
isn't a greater feeling of showering and
then going into your bed when it's like
freshly when you're fresh yeah so I'm
come I'm curious what the audience will
say my guess is that most
we'll say morning because my guess is
that most people shower in the morning
so they're just gonna do like a quick
like tribalism thing of like yeah that's
my [ __ ] so I'm gonna do that but then I
think you're right that if people were
to stop and think about it like I was
mostly a morning shower person my whole
life but when I stop and think about it
the thought of the night shower is
actually better because for the reasons
you described when you're done showering
and you go to lay down and you're like
oh [ __ ] I feel so clean in this bed
right now but also some people like my
wife had a problem she used to sweat a
lot in her sleep like some people like
you know have wet dreams some people
she's gonna hate the fact that you just
mentioned that I know that [ __ ] was bad
like if she would wake up in puddles of
sweat you know not for nothing not for
nothing and it might also make her
better than I'm about to say this it
feel better is that I think I actually
have that too
sometimes I feel like I sweat at night
ya know we're not even because like the
room like this whatever just sweat it
could be so many different things maybe
like an intense dream or like like I
don't what the [ __ ] the cause of that is
bollocks
nothing used to help her I never
regularly got a wet dream
were you like not in your sleep yeah I
mean I had I think I had it like a few
times but it wasn't like you know it
wasn't even when I was going through
puberty it happened that after that what
the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] mm-hmm but I
didn't have that regularly and they
thought like how often does that happen
with other people like is that a thing
work when people go through puberty like
four nights a week they wake up and they
nodded themselves yeah probably I mean
like or if you're just like I don't know
maybe you watched something before you
went to sleep of like us like a sexy ass
girl on a commercial or something and
that's the last thing on your mind yeah
you know what I think it's when I was uh
when I was like 19 20 and all that I was
probably jerking off so much that I just
drained myself of all mind up and so I
didn't have any left but I went to sleep
nothing left in the tank yeah so I never
really had that but that's a weird
concept isn't it I've had this it's a
strange concept I'm sure those people
have had sex dreams like there was like
there was a time when I was like
dreaming I was having sex and I woke up
was literally [ __ ] my bed like like
oh I was like laying on my stomach and
just like pumping and I was like holy
[ __ ] I'm sleeping and I'm [ __ ] my bed
this is crazy like when I woke up and I
was like oh my god I'm like actually
doing it yeah and that's a bad feeling
yet when you wake up and you're like
damn I'm not [ __ ] begging Giselle and
then I wasn't once you wake up and you
realize you're doing it it's like you
can't finish that it's like no no just
keep [ __ ] my bed and use like
basically my belly and the sheets as the
fake vagina here is that what I'm gonna
do
that'd be so sad they got the robots and
[ __ ] now so I wouldn't be surprised
people just close their eyes and
envision whatever the [ __ ] they want
oh that's coming man I saw a funny thing
i retweeted the other day somebody was
like how do you unlink your Twitter from
Amazon and then the very next tweet was
the dude bought like a big-ass and
vagina like a thing that you're supposed
to [ __ ] oh man and it was like I just
purchased this on Amazon after a while I
was like [ __ ] it and he just bought it
every time he buys something on Amazon
it shows up on his Twitter yeah I guess
he linked it somehow oh that's that's
probably not a good move yeah I mean
that happens sometimes if people have
their Twitter link to their YouTube and
they like a video sometimes it
automatically tweets it and like you
like this video
oh I mean I know that's happened too
I mean we spoke about like when the
Knicks assistant coach Kurt Rambis is
like this old white dude he's like in
like Asian like porn videos or some I
thought it was the next actual coach
wasn't it Jeff no and a hornacek wasn't
doing it was Kurt Rambis which is just
having funnier because he just sits
there in silence or the other coach and
he stands there and looks like a G well
Ted Cruz got got to oh yeah yeah and
then he had to blame it on like a
staffer like who was the [ __ ] you
kidding Ted who are you kidding
it's not a staffer it's you yeah those
are bad but like the Amazon thing
there's no context behind it so if
you're buying like elephant jelly or
some [ __ ] people are like what the [ __ ]
is he doing with that yeah I was just
trying to think are there are there
things I'm embarrassed to buy yeah of
course
there are even buying toilet papers like
were you ever embarrassed to buy condoms
back in the day that's a big debate well
yeah no yeah I'm embarrassed to buy
anything that's somewhat private like
even toilet paper so you buy it in
domestic cashiers like using it and
you're like yep I'm gonna take a [ __ ]
and wipe my ass with that
that's like they're holding the thing
that's gonna be all up on your ass in a
second yeah that's true wipes are
probably even worse because you're like
yo my thing is messy down there yeah but
that funny thing is that [ __ ] it's
cleaner too like I said like you're
saying I'm cleaner than other people if
I'm buying these wipes that's true yeah
but you're cleaner because your [ __ ] is
Messier like if you do you could be a
normal [ __ ] but use those those wipes
just to be clean I think anyone who uses
wipes knows nah because it's gonna be a
little bit messy my ground on this son
because I just started using these bang
and ass wipes and I will just cuz like I
feel like yes yes wipe if it's just on
some regular like I just took a nice
deal no just use the why because you
know I was thinking about it and this
like for example throughout Europe they
use bidets so they're everyday almost
all those places have bidets where after
you take a [ __ ] water squirts in your
ass and cleans it and then you what and
then you wipe yourself and you get super
clean from that we don't we just don't
have that in the US and everybody just
uses toilet paper and like you know you
can make the argument yeah that's
totally fine why not just use toilet
paper but then when you stop and think
about it it's like well if you really
want your ass to be clean you either got
to do a bidet or you got to do some sort
of a wipe and so I was like yeah I
actually want to use a wipe now because
that's just that makes sense to me like
it'll be cleaner and it'll be better and
so I found these flushable wipes and
they're they're good I like yeah there's
nothing better than when someone has
wipes in their bathroom because when
you're using toilet paper if there was a
survey of like how many asses are
actually clean yeah just use toilet
paper you know it's not high enough it's
like yeah I know when I'm at work or
something like that like I'm just doing
a couple wipes unless it's like if it's
super messy I'll probably do less wipes
actually those like yeah I gotta get
back to my desk
and even probably even way more with
dudes cuz hairy ass isn't [ __ ] and like
ya take a [ __ ] with your hairy ass and
then go to wipe it would just toilet
paper it's like no use a wipe or
something or yeah why shouldn't needs to
get on their bidet [ __ ] like that should
be standard but we're already we're too
far down the path of not having them
it's not like everybody's just gonna
randomly I mean I guess you can't train
Americans to use that portable ones now
though where you can attach it to your
toilet and use it really yeah like it I
don't know portable is not the right
word but like you connect it to your
toilet and then have you ever used one
because like I've seen them I've seen
pictures of them I've never actually
held my ass everyone I know that they
have Japanese toilets that it comes in
the toilet also like really good they're
really nice toilets and like when the
water splashes up from the toilet when
you're done you press a button or
something and then they it does it and
apparently it feels great I'm sure it
feels amazing imagine you don't even
have to [ __ ] you just go in there it's
good to squirt the hot water in your ass
or like I'm starting to realize that
anything with like a little bit of like
warmth to it or heat to it is just like
it's such a good feeling like it does so
much good for your body like I was
taking a nap and I just woke up and I
made like a nice hot chocolate and it
just like warmth in my body and it like
starts my brain up and like when I Drive
like my wife's car she's got on the
steering wheel all this steering wheel
like who would [ __ ] thought of that
and it's just like you're driving and
your hands are feeling warm well my mom
recently got a heated floor in her
bathroom I've seen people with that sue
is genius yeah and she loves it she's
like you could keep it at an exact
temperature I'm like yeah that's what
I'm saying but honey because extreme
heat and extreme cold they're both used
in a therapeutic way so you have like a
sauna or a steam room and you those get
really hot and playable is there to
exfoliate and then there's the other
thing too I just called a cryo chamber
where like you put your the culture
right yeah and a really cool thing and
they're both supposed to have
therapeutic effects and yeah that's cool
and cool that apparently extremes on
both sides to do that obviously you
can't go overboard with it or else
you're putting you're putting yourself
in danger
but I used to love heat heat more like I
used to be in the summer it was my
favorite even if it was like 90 degrees
I was like oh this is I like hot weather
I just like being in hot weather but if
I got older heat now I don't do as well
with and I prefer to be in like cooler
weather so I'd rather be outside in 43
degrees than 93 degrees yeah I think I
would agree with that one too yeah yeah
because now I feel like stuffy when it's
hot yeah I'm almost like geez I even
though I don't have trouble breathing
I'm almost at the point where it's like
a psychological thing where I'm like I
feel like it's hard to breathe because
like the air is too thick and it's like
the heat can be oppressive yeah but I
also feel like the heat is just so much
good for the like so much better for
your body and [ __ ] like that like people
live in Arizona or Florida or something
like that well yeah it takes someone
from that like just the like birth and
they do grow up in both places and they
eat the same [ __ ] like the person in the
heat my opinion is gonna live longer
just because it's better for your bones
or whatever well I know that when people
have aches and pains and [ __ ] when they
get older they will move to a climate
that's like in Florida or something
because it's better with you know they
don't have as many aches or pains or
whatever yeah apparently the cold does
have some sort of an effect where you
feel that more people want that heat
when they get older so even on a smaller
scale like tote like toasting a [ __ ]
sub or something just like the heat in
your mouth tastes better than if you
just eat like a regular eyes piece of
bread yeah I do prefer a hot meal to
another that meal for sure um so the
next poll we were gonna we wanted to do
a beer poll but we have to figure out
which of beers we want to put on there
mmm um so obviously we're gonna put
corona god because you you and I are
both Corona guys mom I'm pretty sure we
probably have to put I mean we have to
put like Budweiser Bud Light or
something right
I feel like well I I think I saw a pole
that light like Bud Light was like the
top beer or some [ __ ] like that so we'll
have to do Bud Light then yeah but then
if you do bulla you got to do
Coors Light too or some cheese yeah I
mean I guess that's see that's why we
needed to talk it out we gotta figure
what Heinekens got to be on there people
that's a go-to for people so then that's
our
pull right there Corona Heineken Bud
Light Coors Light yeah okay there's not
I mean there's other beers that I like
better like I actually like fosters the
Australian boss's is good by Michelob
you we used to get down on remember when
we were doing our diets who drink those
Michelob Ultra Ball tree yeah like
that's the thing is like see this is why
the pole is so hard like I know Foster's
can't make the pole because it's too
like obscure yeah I'd think you'd like
make a lobes competing like I feel like
Mick maybe throw a Michelob on there
instead of Coors Light you know what I
mean
like I think you would just get it would
get waxed really yeah I think Michael
like that's it's going extinct soon
that's like a really I know sir yeah I
don't think anybody's going to the bar
odor and Michelob 's anymore okay so if
they are that's it's in the back of the
[ __ ] fridge even the bartender's like
like new bartenders I haven't heard of
Michelob Corona Bud Light Heineken Coors
Coors Light how the [ __ ] do you spell
Hynek goddamn it why can't there be like
intuitive names you know like Dave's ear
[Laughter]
Heineken oh my god I would have spelled
it right I'm tonight is like now there's
like just weird hipster beers and all
that [ __ ] like perhaps I mean like
that's the thing is people who are gonna
respond to this poll like I like blue
moon bro yeah there's this [ __ ] they
only sell in Wisconsin and I live like
ten minutes from the Wisconsin border
line it's called spotted cow
oh [ __ ] [ __ ] is bangin it sounds like
you're drinking a cow's bile yeah it's
whatever they put in that [ __ ] is mad
good so I feel like I'm not happy with
the ones that were really going with but
I know we have to put Bud Light I know
we have to put Corona I know we have to
put Heineken mm-hmm
Coors Light I feel like we could replace
with another beer but I kind of hear you
that it's really up there in the like in
the beer sphere yeah and I mean I don't
know what else would replace it like
boom-boom is big now that ain't big
enough
okay so there's Amstel I'm looking now I
just looked at
there's Stella which is the that's a big
one
Guinness yeah that's not I wouldn't even
I mean is that a beer I mean it's yeah
it's a dark yeah
Denis yeah I guess the Miller Lite nor
Beck's
back the singer Beck the singer we drink
his pee yeah I mean I guess we got to do
Coors Light unless I'm trying to think
of anything else unless Stella I mean I
feel like if we throw that in the pole
that could be like a come-from-behind
type [ __ ] I thinks how Stella got her
groove back imagine I typed that whole
thing out on the poll of people like
what the [ __ ] are you doing dough sekiz
odo sakis - world's most interesting all
right [ __ ] it we're putting course and
then people are gonna every there's
gonna be so many responses at this bowl
I would boot this would natty light is
big for colleges for colleges but again
like that's the thing is like so if I
had my druthers I put I put fosters on
here but I know yeah that doesn't belong
in the top four yeah like I'm trying to
narrow it down to the top four and just
let it rock but yeah I don't think it
makes that top four alright last
question ditch Coors Light for Stella or
no no no no I don't think so yeah
because there's Stella and I'm thinking
but I feel like Korres is like an old
white dude beer like if like if you're a
60-year old white dude you've been
drinking Coors forever but like you're
not listening to this show if you're a
60-year old white dude there's unless
you maybe eight percent of my audience
is a six-year old white dude no offense
to you guys I love you but I'm just
saying that like Kourt my point is
Korres is not gonna have a big
contingent among my Twitter followers
where there might be some people who are
like I like Stella if you wanted to
cover the light category you did Coors
Light but then you took Bud Light off
and did Budweiser because Budweiser
but the thing is the the heavier beers I
don't know that I feel like the light is
to go to more than not then why does
definitely to go to Corona
I just put Corona I didn't put korone
light I didn't put Corona extra I just
put Corona so maybe whatever you did
Budweiser
/ Bud Light and then Coors Light
Budweiser / Bud Light Coors Light /
course course like yeah yeah yeah as if
you're like a Coors drink like yeah if
you're in the Bud Light category if you
don't have an option for budweis yeah
that covers both of them Corona
I'm so I hate the [ __ ] contestants on
every single one of Ellen's shows
