so CNN ran a giant smear piece on
YouTube in what's fundamentally a
coordinated effort to try to get
advertisers to further demonetised
creators so listen um I'm usually
somebody who doesn't assume bad intent
on other people's part I like to assume
good intent and that when people talk
about stuff they sincerely believe what
they're talking about and they're doing
it you know without malice but this is
an instance where having read this
article three or four times there is no
other takeaway then this is a smear
campaign
it's a hatchet job and it's done on
purpose by CNN to try to take out what
they now recognize is a competitor in
YouTube okay so let's dive into it here
exclusive YouTube ran ads from hundreds
of brands on extremist channels so this
this is what happened with The Wall
Street Journal not that long ago this is
what led to the first ad pocalypse and
just to give you the the Cliff Notes
version of it what happens is you to
places ads via algorithms because they
don't have you can't have enough people
to place the individual ads on the
individual channels because there's so
many goddamn YouTube channels and so
many goddamn YouTube views that it's not
it's fundamentally not possible
logistically not possible to have a
human being do every single thing so
they place ads through algorithms now
every now and then something happens
where an ad will basically slip through
the cracks and get on a genuinely
hateful channel there have been examples
of mainstream ads on neo-nazi channels
or KKK or I'm sure there's on jihadist
videos or whatever the [ __ ] it's
happened it's happened now what they
don't tell you is the other you know
piece of the puzzle here which is that
the overwhelming majority of the time
that's not an issue on 99.999999 9
percent of genuinely hateful content
there are no ads there are no as
and whenever something happens to slip
through the cracks it's usually because
you know you might have uh you might
have a video where the title is not
hateful the tags are not hateful and the
thumbnail does not look hateful but
within that video anyway there might be
something that's hateful but how is how
can YouTube you know know that that
video is hateful if there's no
indication based on the preliminary
indicators that it's hateful so this
isn't a problem they're trying to make
it sound like it's a [ __ ] crisis
what's happening here and it's not
they're obviously trying to muck
something up here that's what they're
trying to do okay
they say this ads from over 300
companies and organizations including
tech giant's major retailers newspapers
and government agencies ran on YouTube
channels promoting white nationalist
Nazis pedophilia conspiracy theories and
North Korean propaganda a CNN
investigation has found they say
companies such as adidas Amazon Cisco
Facebook Hershey Hilton Linkedin Mozilla
and Netflix Nordstrom and Under Armour
may have unknowingly helped finance some
of these channels via the advertisements
they paid for on Google owned YouTube US
tax dollars may have gone to the
channels to ads from five US government
agencies such as the Department of
Transportation and Centers for Disease
Control appeared on the channels many of
the companies that responded to CNN said
they were unaware of their on they were
unaware their ads had been placed on
these channels and were investigating
how they ended up there if you're part
of a news organization first of all I
don't know why you're focusing on this
anyway there's a zillion other things in
the world that are way more important
than this but second of all they didn't
just do an investigation and then report
on it they didn't do that what they did
is they did an investigation and then
they narked they ran to youtube and then
they ran to the advertisers who are
advertising on YouTube and said hey hey
did you know that
your ads are running on neo-nazi content
and KKK content did you know that that
it's you're running on conspiracy
theories did you know that hey look I'm
just looking out for you I'm just trying
to do do the right thing by you so maybe
it's not a good idea to advertise on
YouTube when you can take those ad
dollars and maybe throw them back at CNN
if that isn't what's going on then why
would you contact the the individual
companies why would you come contact the
advertisers you wouldn't you would say
oh ah mannan I'm a journalist I'm a
reporter
it's I know it's weird I'm focusing on
this issue anyway but nonetheless here I
go I'm focusing on this issue and you
would just report on it but no they what
they did is they scoured the internet
from top to bottom to find the fringe
examples of ads getting on genuinely
hateful content and they went off this
is a huge problem oh my god this is a
systemic crisis anyway call the
advertisers and tell them hey it doesn't
look like it's safe to advertise on
YouTube maybe you should put that ad
money somewhere else that is exactly
what's happening here there's no other
possible explanation because we've
already had these hit jobs in the past
and by the way the real problem which
they'd never talk about because we're
their competition fundamentally when I
say we I mean youtubers the real problem
is the opposite the problem is these
dumbass algorithms are too strict and
what they do is take any video that
mentions Syria any video that mentions
Israel any video that mentions Saudi
Arabia and all we do on secular talk is
discuss controversial topics and I
always have to try to skirt the
algorithms by putting in weird letters
and [ __ ] because I know that certain
things just by virtue of the fact that
you know your title has certain you know
words in them you're gonna get screwed
even if your position is not hateful
they go but you're discussing a topic
where it is possible for somebody to be
on the hateful side of that topic
therefore demonetized so the real
problem is that you have honest actors
who are doing good work and
they're getting demonetised and they
shouldn't be that's the real problem
that story why because if you were on
that story what's the what's the
conclusion what's the solution
the solution is the advertisers go oh
[ __ ]
we should actually spend more money on
YouTube because that's where the [ __ ]
audience is especially in the key
demographic and these poor people are
getting a lot of views and they're not
they're not monetized because of a
shitty algorithm weird how they didn't
run that story they ran the story of oh
clutch your pearls there's a few
instances even though 99.999999 percent
of the time there are no ads on hateful
content I found a few examples of ads on
hateful content therefore let me run for
the advertisers until hey what are you
doing hey I think what maybe you should
redirect that that ad money and put it
in a trusted outlet like CNN now there's
another angle to the absurdity here to
CNN has pushed for every single war in
the modern era we just saw not that long
ago Wolf Blitzer on air when Rand Paul
brought up to Wolf Blitzer that hey
maybe we should stop selling weapons to
Saudi Arabia because they're being used
in the massacre of women and children
and a genocide in Yemen wolf Blitzer's
response was what about the profits of
the defense contractors you want to talk
about genuinely hateful content you want
to talk about calling for violence well
there's a pretty clear example of it
what about when Fareed Zakaria called
Donald Trump presidential when he
decided to bomb the [ __ ] out of Syria so
we have a direct escalation with another
nuclear-armed power Russia because Syria
is their top ally and you had everybody
on seeing a cheerleader yeah yeah oh my
goodness
what about on MSNBC when Brian Williams
talked about the beauty of our weapons
taking off they show the the missiles
taking off at night they don't show them
landing cuz when they land they might
mask her some civilians but hey whatever
don't pay attention to that look at the
beauty of our missiles taking off what
about the fact that CNN was part of the
build-up to the war in Iraq where they
said Saddam has WMDs oh my goodness we
need to go do an offensive war against
the country that didn't attack us so
they cheerleaded for a war that
minimum 200,000 civilians brought about
torture brought about NSA spying right
now we're bombing 8 different countries
and I've run through the advertisers and
got listen man these guys are [ __ ]
war mongers there for every single war
they sanitize them like nobody's
business
they cheerlead him every step of the way
can I go to CNN and say oh my goodness I
don't know why advertisers are working
with you here let me tell them and they
need to flee from you because you're not
safe no we don't do that so and by the
way they peddle in conspiracy theories a
hell of a lot more than outlets like
mine do that's for damn sure
we don't push conspiracy theories they
do push conspiracy theories but they're
only calling for the demonization of
which one US youtubers so here's where
we really take a dark turn in this piece
listen to this this is what they say
meanwhile ads from the Washington Post
in new york times appeared on far-right
conspiracy channels like black pigeon
speaks and some run by Infowars
the companies are investigating how
their ads appeared on the channels it
appears that YouTube did not follow its
own protocols and categorize these
videos properly the New York Times told
CNN the paper said its ads should only
appear on a list of pre-approved sites
if the channels are monetized which
Infowars has previously claimed they are
the major newspapers could have
unknowingly supported disinformation and
conspiracy ads also appeared on the
Jimmy Dore Show channel a far-left
YouTube channel that pedals in
conspiracy theories such as the idea
that Syrian chemical weapons attacks are
hoaxes you do know CNN that we bombed
before there was an investigation right
in fact the day after we bombed is the
day that the OPCW investigators were
supposed to go to the site so how is
jimmy dore a conspiracy theorist when he
goes he didn't use the word hoax by the
way so you're lying that's what that is
that's a lie
he never said the word hoax but what he
did say is hey the investigators are
supposed to come the day after you
bombing before there's even an
investigation why'd you hey that seems a
lot like what happened in Iraq you're
like I as WMDs and anyway let you let's
go here Colin Powell holding up a
[ __ ] thing of yellowcake at the UN
go rush to war now by the way since then
we've learned cuz other outlets are
reporting it's certainly not Western
Alice but other outlets are reporting it
the evidence we have right now is that
that indeed was not a chemical weapons
facility that we bombed it was a [ __ ]
medical facility where they made snake
venom we really made anti-venom for
snake bites that's not me speaking we
I've showed you the article you can look
through it yourself
okay so who's really the conspiracy
theorist you guys take the State
Department's propaganda and run it
mindlessly by the way that's that's like
what that's exactly what you guys accuse
RT of doing oh my god doing propaganda
for the Russian government mindlessly Oh
nobody should trust our team what about
you CNN you mindlessly parrot whatever
the [ __ ] the State Department and the
Trump administration tells you somebody
like Jimmy Dore comes along shows a
minimal amount of skepticism simply by
saying hey I don't I don't think the
word of the State Department is gospel I
don't think the word of Donald [ __ ]
Trump is gospel so maybe we wait for
evidence maybe we do an investigation Oh
conspiracy theorist you are Jimmy Dore
you're a conspiracy theorist sir by the
way again minimal amount of skepticism
who puts a chemical weapons facility in
the middle of their capital city who
does that and if it were a chemical
weapons facility when when they bombed
it that's it you can't be anywhere near
that site you can't be anywhere near
that site because obviously you're gonna
have the remnants of the chemical
weapons in the air people gonna get sick
but of course people were in the site
afterwards and all foreign media outlets
are reporting that not in the West
because you guys are doing propaganda
for the State Department in the Trump
administration but all their media
outlets are reporting it so Jimmy Dore
is actually doing the job on this issue
the journalists are supposed to do CNN
one of the more
respected news outlets in smearing him
for showing a minimal amount of
skepticism and then the further irony of
it is jimmy dore on his show on a daily
basis you know what he calls for higher
wages and no war he's against a war so
the guy who routinely is calling for
peace is routinely calling for people to
get better wages and have more
fulfilling lives because jimmy
recognizes the system is screwing
working people that god gets smeared as
quote an extremist you're the [ __ ]
extremists you're the extremists
you know it's extreme when you don't
openly reject and fight against war and
hold the people in power accountable
when you're supposed to be one of most
respected news organizations in the
goddamn country that's extremist
that's extremist that you're in lockstep
with the [ __ ] criminal government
what about george w bush and his [ __ ]
offensive war in iraq and the torture
akwonton MoBay the mainstream media
refused to call torture torture they
called it enhanced interrogation because
the Bush administration wanted them to
call it enhanced interrogation and CNN
has the nerve to call a [ __ ] straight
shooter and extremists but make no
mistake about it this isn't an error
it's not like whoops sorry we didn't do
our [ __ ] research they know what
Jimmy Dore is they want to smear him
they want to smear him they want to
compare him to literal Nazis because
guess what now guys like Jimmy Dore ooh
they're competition hmm you see all the
views that that guys getting Wow his
shows getting really popular now isn't
it I mean what are we gonna do
we can't genuinely compete and get the
key demographic sorry we we don't have
the ability with [ __ ] hosts like
Anderson Cooper and Wolf Blitzer and Don
Lemon who have the personality of
watching paint dry you have these boring
people who never said an interesting
thing in their lives and they just
repeat whatever is on the [ __ ]
prompter like Ron Burgundy and they
don't hold people in power accountable
and they don't do their jobs well how
how are you gonna compete with a guy
who's a straight shooter and is
passionate and cares about these issues
and gives people a fat
and then gives his opinion on the issues
hey you can't compete with that what do
they do [ __ ] it's not a fair fight we'll
just use all of our resources and we
have endless resources we'll use that to
run a smear article do a hatchet job and
try to get them fully demonetised
and the sad thing is guys it's working
I'm not saying it's working and that you
guys are looking at CNN and going oh
they nailed it no it's working in their
intended consequence their intended
consequences Hey
cut off their funding men that's what
the original you know ad pocalypse was
and for those of you some of you might
think like oh the ad pocalypse it ended
it never ended there was a bounce back
but then you know it it tapered off so
what happened was shows like mine shows
like David Pakman we were on a blacklist
where we made no money for a while
because just all the ads were taken away
from news and politics as a result of
you know I think it was the Wall Street
Journal's investigation where they found
some ads on some hateful content and
YouTube said throw the baby out with the
bathwater do you monetize all in news
and politics but then what happened is
after a few weeks we were romana ties
but we're in a permanent lower tier now
I know this is the case for me I know
this is the case with many other
political youtubers because I've had
conversations with them and basically
the same things going on with them what
happened was basically a maybe a 50%
bounce back so we were doing really well
they took away all of our funding and
then when they put the ads back on it
was maybe 50% bounce back now when I
look at articles like this you know what
they're trying to do right they want
they want fully full D monetization of
news and politics that's exactly what
they want again if they didn't want that
then they wouldn't have gone to the
advertisers and narked and said hey did
you know that one of your ads ran on a
neo-nazi Channel maybe you should stop
advertising with YouTube totally so
that's what this is they view us as a
competitor so they take the fringe
examples of genuinely hateful content
they tell the advertisers you're getting
on the genuinely hateful content so hey
why are you advertising with YouTube at
all if you can't trust where they're
placing all your ads that's what this is
guys that's what this is but but they
didn't account for everything here why
because here's what they don't realize a
guy like Wolf Blitzer is a boring piece
of [ __ ]
stale [ __ ] and you pulled Wolf
Blitzer on YouTube in a genuine free
marketplace where he asked to garner
views that aren't just given him by
virtue of the fact he's coasting on name
recognition from the [ __ ] 1980s he
would sink so quickly so a guy like Wolf
Blitzer if you defund him with
advertisers
well he's [ __ ] there's no way around
that but a guy like Jimmy Dore a guy
like Tim black you know shows like the
humanist report shows like secular talk
or the rational National you know you go
down the list of all these outlets what
they can't account for is that where the
Bernie Sanders to their Hillary Clinton
so Hillary's the fundraising juggernaut
name recognition coasting off the big
name and selling out daily to Wall
Street and for-profit health insurance
companies and military the
military-industrial complex well we come
along and we go listen do we hate it
that you jack our ad revenue yes all of
us do because it's enough it's nefarious
and you're doing smear jobs but because
of patreon you guys basically have swept
in and saved us it doesn't matter that
the entire audience is saying hey [ __ ]
you CNN that's a [ __ ] article
they're smearing on purpose it doesn't
matter that people said that's the last
time when the Wall Street Journal did it
and when other a listed it doesn't
matter you tube its corporate now I mean
it's fully corporate so those bigwigs
are totally out of touch with the
audience totally out of touch with
reality and what will happen is they'll
panic the advertisers will panic and go
oh people are gonna think that coca-cola
is genuinely Pro KKK and they'll flee
again and and it's gonna be the up and
