Brett Kavanaugh is now officially
justice Brett Kavanaugh
he's been approved to sit on the Supreme
Court the final vote was 52 48
here are the interesting votes that
merit comment it almost goes without
saying that virtually every Republican
voted in favor of him
that's except Lisa Murkowski she was the
one who voted against him senator from
Alaska but Jeff Flake for example voted
for him now what did I tell you don't
fall for his shtick never fall for his
shtick he's a bullshitter his whole
thing is I'm the more reasonable
moderate centrist Republican so you guys
can all like me I'm not like big bad
Trump but as we've explained on this
show before I forget the exact number
but within a pointer to a flake votes
with Trump 86% of the time so that's an
act
he just has I have a different demeanor
than Donald Trump
I don't do mean tweets I pretend to
listen to people and be concerned about
them in their lives and then I end up
voting in a standard douchebag
Republican way so don't fall for his
shtick never fall for his shtick it's
nonsense
Susan Collins also gave a long
meandering 45-minute speech where and
where she ultimately announced I'm gonna
vote for Brett Kavanaugh so those are
the interesting ones on the Republican
side and how they voted every single
Democrat except Joe Manchin voted
against Brett Kavanaugh joe Manchin is
pathetic he thinks they're like oh maybe
if I support Brett Kavanaugh then I'll
get Mike Pence and Donald Trump off my
ass in this upcoming election
no you idiot they've been doing they've
been doing rallies against you Manchin
votes with Trump 61% of the time that's
an actual number 61% and Mike Pence and
Trump have gone to West Virginia to give
rallies against Joe
Inchon they're never gonna support you
which then you know leads to the
conclusion it's not only just a
political calculation on mansions part
maybe he actually agrees with Brett
Kavanaugh maybe he actually likes his
right-wing judicial philosophy now going
back to flake for a second I've warned
you guys not to fall for it and I also
warned the Democrats not to take this
strategy because what did the Democrats
do they only focused on the sexual
assault allegations now I'm of the
mindset that you can talk about that and
that can be part of your resistance so
to speak but it cannot be the only thing
you talk about because if you only talk
about sexual assault allegations then
what happens you're making it so that if
you give the Republicans a little
inkling of oh maybe it didn't happen or
you know whatever then you're allowing
them you're getting letting them off the
hook and saying well obviously we all
agree if he didn't do sexual assault or
attempted rape well then he should sit
on the court because he's uh he's
perfectly qualified and I warned them
from the beginning don't do that because
what's gonna happen they said oh all we
want is an FBI investigation and then if
we get our FBI investigation and it
clears him okay well what happened they
did a very limited one-week FBI
investigation Donald Trump limited the
number of people the FBI could talk to
further modern you think the FBI wanted
to know the truth or really wanted to
look into it so it lasted what four days
maybe the FBI investigation where they
didn't even talk to people who were
screaming at them and saying I have
stories of Brett Kavanaugh they're
really important come talk to me they
didn't talk to them
the FBI goes oh yeah nothing to see here
totally fine and then that allowed Jeff
Flake to come out and go see I told you
I was fair and reasonable I heard out
the FBI I said all I'd support an
investigation but now his name is
cleared so now obviously I'm gonna vote
in favor of them you dumb asses on the
Democratic side what the [ __ ] is wrong
with you I told you you have to
diversify your attacks against him
you can't only talk about the sexual
assault allegations you also need
talk about for example all the
Republicans say that you guys love small
government well guess what Brett
Kavanaugh ruled in favor of warrantless
unconstitutional illegal NSA spying you
say you like small government well Brett
Kavanaugh wants the government to spy on
everything and everybody so okay you're
in favor of Brett Kavanaugh why do you
despise the Fourth Amendment why do you
despise the Constitution of the United
States of America Brett Kavanaugh thinks
that Donald Trump might be able to
pardon himself that's that's insanity
that means that rule of law does not
apply and we have an emperor dictator
running the country because he can get
away with whatever he wants to get away
with at any time because he has the
ability pardoned himself so oh I didn't
know you supported the end of Western
civilization and the Enlightenment in
Magna Carta and the Constitution as we
know it these are some of the arguments
you could use against and the list goes
on and on guys I mean I've gone through
his wreck unlike unfortunately many on
the Left I have gone through his record
with a fine-tooth comb and there's
virtually nothing redeeming in his
record at all I mean this guy he sides
with corporations 87 percent of the time
they didn't bring that up once in their
resistance against him not once and so
what happens when the FBI goes or just
there's nothing to see here
then they're like oh [ __ ] I guess we
don't have anything to try to say in
order to fight back and the other thing
is they didn't even try to deal with
yuta mines the process Merrick garland
they even have a [ __ ] hearing for
over a year
this [ __ ] gets a hearing right away
perjures himself a zillion times and
then they just Jam them through and
nothing from the Democrats about you do
know that this process is totally
illegitimate right you do know that
according to your own standard you said
you can't even have a hearing on a
Supreme Court nominee in an election
year well guess what [ __ ] it's an
election year so what are you doing by
your own standard we can't even have
hearings on him hey he after you had
theories he just [ __ ] committed
perjury 13 times here's the list of how
we committed perjury I guess you guys
are in favor for having a liar on the
court I
guess that's what you're in favor of
you're in favor of rampant disgusting
brazen Liars who are pathological liars
and you want these people on the court I
thought you guys said that you know this
is a neutral objective non apolitical
court and we need to keep it that way
well this guy was out there rambling on
top of committing perjury he was blaming
the Clintons for the sexual assault
allegations against him he'd made
crystal clear I'm gonna be a hothead far
right-wing justice and you guys
supported him there were so many things
they could have said and by the way the
fact that Schumer couldn't even hold his
[ __ ] caucus and he couldn't chip away
at mansion to keep mansion on his side
that's beyond embarrassing Schumer
should have been able to keep mansion on
his side and he should have been able to
not only get Murkowski but also get
Collins and get flake and maybe chip
away at one or two others it is
unbelievable how badly the Democrats
failed here and don't worry I'll get to
the Republicans in just a little bit now
there's another person who we need to
talk about because he's a shameless
conman and an [ __ ] and a charlatan
and a grifter and him interjecting
himself into this made it so that the
Republicans had a better counter
argument than they would have had
otherwise I'm talking about Michael
avenatti Michael avenatti came forward
with some new allegations against
Kavanagh and it turns out that there
were gigantic holes in the story of his
client now Michael avenatti knew that
there were holes in the story of his
client he knew that that she wasn't the
most credible person but he came forward
with the allegations anyway why because
grifters gonna grift because he's a Fame
[ __ ] all he wants is that spotlight
that's all he cares about
so by any means necessary he's gonna get
his name out there even if it means
coming forward with allegations that
very well may be false that then
undercut the counter-attack against
Kavanagh because then Republicans get to
say are you kidding me look at these
allegations look at all the
inconsistencies look at all the holes in
the story I guess all of the allegations
are [ __ ]
because the allegations from her might
indeed be [ __ ]
so you [ __ ] jackass I warned you guys
man I warned you guys about this clown
ever you should have known he was gonna
[ __ ] [ __ ] up look you come out of
nowhere you're the attorney for stormy
Daniels and then now all of a sudden
you're on every single [ __ ] news show
and every single 24-hour cable news
network and in you know [ __ ] 25% of
the headlines I now see on a daily basis
when I scroll through my Twitter feed
among all the news sites are you [ __ ]
kidding me and shame on the mainstream
media for making Michael have an audio
thing how do you not see through this
clown and this fraud and now he very
well may have impacted it so that
Cavanaugh was able to get on the Supreme
Court congratulations Michael but you
did get your name in a few more
headlines now didn't you and then now
okay here here's the talk about the
Republicans I've seen many Republicans
celebrating this now of course the
politicians themselves are gonna
celebrate it they're gonna they're
tweeting you know pictures of them
drinking beer like I like beer - it's
great Cavanaugh got approved whether
there's John Cornyn or Cornyn or whoever
the [ __ ] else there's a bunch of them
and they think it's all fun and games
and it's all ha ha ha hee hee the thing
is they look like the insular frat boy
[ __ ] that they are but the main
point is not even I'm not even pointing
this at the elected Republicans because
honestly it's it so it's expected of
those horrendous elected Republicans am
I really gonna like Oh what chuck
grassley he's gonna [ __ ] randomly be
reasonable when he hasn't been for
[ __ ] decades never gonna happen okay
so I knew they were gonna be the
[ __ ] that they were or that they are
but the thing that got me man holy [ __ ]
is looking at the mega holes on Twitter
now listen I'm the guy who has always
said you can't paint them all with a
broad brush when it comes to Trump
supporters
yeah some of them are bigoted [ __ ]
like [ __ ] David Duke and Richard
Spencer and they like him because of his
bigotry
there but there's also there's a
plethora of reasons why one could have
supported Trump and many of the people
particularly in the Rust Belt were
people who liked his economic populism
hey I'm never gonna cut Medicare and
Social Security hey I want to keep your
jobs here no more outsourcing NAFTA was
terrible TPP is terrible I'm for the
working man this is some of the stuff
that Trump talked about the thing that
makes absolutely no sense and it's
embarrassingly so is that there were
people in the magic route who were part
of the you know working-class coalition
if you will the people who actually
support a Trump against his economic
populism the people who love drain the
swamp were now cheering for Brett
Kavanaugh to be on the Supreme Court
that makes absolutely no sense you've
been duped Brett Kavanaugh is the swamp
he was in the Bush administration
he's a pampered prep-school prick who's
always had a silver spoon in his mouth
he's a lawyer he lied non-stop even
about things like getting into college
you know his dad his granddaddy went to
Yale and then he got in as a result of
that he was a legacy and he said I made
it myself I never had any help this guy
is an establishment elitist insider
through and through he's the epitome of
the establishment not just in his
upbringing but also in ideology this is
a guy who thinks all of Obamacare is
unconstitutional this is a guy who says
the EPA does not have the ability to
regulate greenhouse gas emissions this
is a guy who through and through in
every imaginable way rules against the
will of the people and in favor of
corporate power and the oligarchy and
people who are part of the make America
great again drain the swamp crowd are
cheering this [ __ ] on so listen
here's my question for them which is it
do you agree with campaign Trump or do
you agree with governing Trump
because it's not you can't have both you
have to pick one do you agree with the
drain the swamp I'm an economic populist
rhetoric Trump or do you agree with the
I'm an establishment insider Trump who
picks other establishment insiders who
were Bush administration alumni picks
them to go to the Supreme Court you do
agree with that Trump because again you
can't have it both ways it's one or the
other either you support the economic
populism drain the swamp or you support
the swamp which is what which is who
Brett Kavanaugh is through and through
so you have to pick again it's not you
don't have the option of saying I
support both because both of them are
Donald Trump yeah but those are
fundamentally opposite so you have to
pick one or the other and that's the
thing is I don't here's the main point
guys they just don't care about all of
that the fundamental underpinnings of
their ideology it's this ready I'm gonna
boil it down for you trigger the lips
that's it that's all these clowns care
about trigger the lips just trigger the
lips whatever gets them mad I'm in favor
so it doesn't matter that I just
contradicted myself and then am a giant
hypocrite and then I make no sense and I
don't have a coherent philosophy or
ideology I just I just want to make you
upset on the left so here goes well
congratulations you got what you wanted
however there is a downside and there's
a side effectiveness your giant [ __ ]
idiot like I want to be kind you and I
want to try to interpret your actions in
the most positive light possible but
there is no other interpretation your
[ __ ] idiot is that simple again I'm
trying to be nice but you can't be is
what you gonna do you have to look at
the facts as they are and judge it
accordingly and the reality is you have
no ideology you have you're a vapid
vacuous empty vessel who's playing for a
team you're tribalist [ __ ] and you're
too dumb to realize it that you're
you're playing for the red team and your
whole philosophy is just I want to
trigger the other side well you did get
that accomplished so congratulations but
I I hate to inform you that you're also
just
giant dumbass and now you're you know
actively cheering on a far-right wing
super elitist ideology that's terrible
for workers terrible for the country and
honestly terrible for the world because
there are implications far beyond just
the US when you have a solid
conservative majority on the Supreme
Court I mean oh my god do you guys have
any idea how much damage is gonna be
done over the next 30 years now by this
court this Court is now solidly
conservative solidly conservative so now
anytime we get a win for the left say
for example we had a president Bernie
Sanders or a president Elizabeth Warren
and then we get a democratic
supermajority and then they somehow get
Medicare for all now all of that can
just be stonewalled by the court they
could here case on somebody's gonna sue
over it some right-wing group is going
to sue over Medicare for all it's gonna
go to the court and then they're gonna
come up with some [ __ ]
rationalization to say no this is
unconstitutional for reasons XYZ and
sorry we're striking down Medicare for
all this is what we have to deal with
now and listen guys the way that this
process unfolded with Kavanagh the
Supreme Court is has almost totally lost
legitimacy like that's it you're not the
whole charade of the hardcore
institutionalist of like American
institutions are about politics
NASA lacks know that that charade is
over with you can no longer pretend like
it's a neutral corridor it's an
objective corridor the institution
overrides politics no it's a ranked
partisan endeavor and that's dead and so
now you're at a point where I feel like
there's this sense in the country of I
don't even even if they rule something
now [ __ ] them because it's a it's a
ranked partisan organization of this
[ __ ] [ __ ] this prep school jock
prick [ __ ] is now on the court the the
perjuring liar a alleged attempted
rapist this guy's on the court and we
see how full of [ __ ] he is and we see
how elitist he is and we're gonna let
make decisions affect all of our lives
the court is losing legitimacy so that's
the state of affairs as it is right now
final point is people are saying the GOP
is energized maybe but I think the left
is gonna be more energized now I mean I
love this idea of like oh now we're
energized you guys got exactly what you
wanted congratulations you got this
douche bag on the court you got exactly
what you want we mean you're energized
you just want does that people usually
get energized after a crushing loss so I
think of anything it's more that the
left is going to be energized that may
have implications for the upcoming
midterms but I love how I've seen so
many things on Twitter of like
congratulations the way you treated
Cavanaugh has now energized the right
[ __ ] are you talking about the guy got
on the Supreme Court he's on the Supreme
Court what do you mean the way you
treated him is so unfair unfair The
Dude's on the [ __ ] court he got
exactly what he wanted you got exactly
what you wanted
Oh was his legacy her I Got News for you
the guy's a [ __ ] douche bag anyway I
said this a million times put aside the
sexual assault allegations for a second
he's still a prick he's a pampered prep
school prick anybody with a brain can
see through it so goddamn it man we'll
see what happens but I think this
energizes the left a lot more than the
right but now you have justice Brett
Kavanaugh the Supreme Court is lost and
there is no silver lining there is no
silver lining in this story and anybody
who tells you otherwise is wrong
