so there's a really interesting article
in the opinion section of the New York
Times this article went viral you're
about to see why it went viral basically
the gist of it is there's a top
administration official that says hey
I'm part of their resistance also I'm
trying to block what Donald Trump is
doing and don't worry
there are adults in the room we know
that the entire country thinks he's an
unhinged lunatic we agree that he's an
unhinged lunatic and so we're basically
blocking parts of his agenda that we
disagree with and dislike so that's the
gist of the story I'm gonna give you I'm
gonna give you some hefty chunks of the
story here so you get a sense of exactly
where this person falls but it's titled
I am part of the resistance inside the
Trump administration I work for the
president this is the subtitle I work
for the president but like-minded
colleagues and I have vowed to thwart
parts of his agenda and his worse
inclinations President Trump is facing a
test to his presidency unlike any faced
by a modern American leader so here's
what this anonymous person says they
asked the New York Times for anonymity
they granted it and that of course is
another huge aspect to the story Twitter
was blowing up over that with rampant
speculation as to who could have written
it but it they say or he or she says the
dilemma which he does not fully grasp is
that many of the senior officials in his
own administration are working
diligently from within to frustrate
parts of his agenda and his worst
inclinations I would know I am one of
them to be clear ours is not the Popular
Resistance of the left we want the
administration to succeed and think that
many of its policies have already made
America safer and more prosperous but we
believe our first duty is to this
country and the president continues to
act in a matter in a manner that is
detrimental to the health of our
Republic that is why many Trump
appointees have vowed to do what we can
to preserve our democratic institutions
while thwarting mr. Trump's more
misguided impulses until he is out of
office the root of the problem is the
president's immorality anyone who works
with him knows he is not more to any
discernable first principles that guide
his decision-making although he was
elected as a Republican the president
shows little affinity for ideals long
espoused by conservatives free minds
free markets and free people at best he
has invoked these ideals in scripted
settings at worst he has attacked them
outright in addition to his mass
marketing of the notion that the press
is the enemy of the people
president Trump's impulses are generally
anti trade and anti-democratic don't get
me wrong there are bright spots that the
the near ceaseless negative coverage of
of the administration fails to capture
effective deregulation a historic tax
reform a more robust military and more
alright let me pause on that note ok
just based off of that one little part
right there the don't get me wrong there
are bright spots historic tax reform
deregulation a more robust military I
already know I despise whoever wrote
this because this is exactly the kind of
stuff that I've warned you about that
establishment Republicans love
everything about Donald Trump - the mean
tweets so in other words their
disagreement with him is on civility and
tone but everything in terms of his
policies they're like oh I pretty much
agree with that wholesale and the few
instances where they disagree with him
are instances where Trump isn't even
necessarily wrong where I think his
instinct is right even though the
details of how he's implementing that
instinct are not right and what I'm
referring to more specifically his trade
see this is the kind of Republican that
listens to Trump when he was on the
campaign trail railing against NAFTA
railing against the TPP railing against
outsourcing deals and this kind of
Republican goes oh he's wrong about
those things I disagree with him on
those things obviously we have to do the
bidding of the capitalists and
corporatists
billionaires and corporations and
outsource all the good-paying US jobs to
third world countries and pay them slave
wages so I'm already annoyed by the
people who would like fawn over whoever
wrote this article because on that alone
they're letting you know oh I kind of
agree with most of him policy wise and
in the areas where I disagree with him
he's probably better on those issues so
but I'm part of the resistance no you're
not part of the resistance that's not
part of the resistance that's you know
you're an accomplice to every single
thing that he's doing and also as Chris
Hayes pointed out this is a good point
this is this is more or less an
insurance policy so that this might be
people in the administration going oh
[ __ ] we actually think something might
happen with this Muller investigation
and we don't know how certain Donald
Trump's future is in the White House so
now we're all gonna hedge and I'm gonna
write an article like this and then if /
when the [ __ ] hits the fan they get to
turn around afterwards and say no no the
problem isn't the Republican Party the
problem is just that one rogue actor
donald trump and you know outside of him
we're all totally good and we're we you
know we're not classless and we weren't
part of the trump agenda he was an
aberration he's the single only bad guy
here and the rest of us are still
perfectly fine so it's a last-ditch
attempt to save the Republican brand I
mean that that's a certainly a strong
possibility but let me continue I want
to give you some more stuff that they
say here or I should say he or she says
here but these successes have come
despite not because of the president's
leadership style which is adversarial
petty and ineffective meetings with him
veer off topic and off the rails he
engages in repetitive rants and his
impulsiveness results in half-baked
ill-informed and occasionally reckless
decisions that have to be walked back
and maybe cold comfort in this chaotic
era but Americans should know that there
are adults in the room we fully
recognize what is happening and we are
and we are trying to do what's right
even when Donald Trump won't all right
pause one more time
listen if you're for deregulation as
this person says they are if you're for
the the tax cuts for the rich and this
person says they are if you're for a
more robust military and this person
says they are you're not an adult
you're not the adults in the room you're
the kid in the class who's arguing with
the teacher who thinks he's a genius and
he's right about everything but actually
he's calmly getting schooled by the
teacher that's what you are and by the
way in this analogy the teacher I'm
talking about is not Donald Trump the
teacher would be the left so for them to
say oh there are adults in the room but
anyway we did more deregulation which is
gonna guarantee the next crash and in
fact is gonna speed it up
you're not an adult you're an idiot if
you're going by the same economic
policies that we had in the 19-teens in
the 1920s that led to the Great
Depression you're implementing the same
economic policies that Ronald Reagan did
which led to a crash right when he got
out of office you're implementing the
same economic policies of Bill Clinton
with getting rid of glass-steagall
george w bush with put doing more
deregulation more tax cuts for the rich
you're doing these same policies that
blew a giant hole in the deficit and
absolutely destroyed the economy led to
the subprime mortgage crisis in the
Great Recession if you backed those
policies you're not an adult in the room
so let's just be clear about that you're
not an adult I know you're trying to
suck yourself off here and say ah Trump
is bad boss other Republicans are good
but you're not good
Trump sucks and you suck okay more it
may be cold comfort in this chaotic era
but Americans should know that there are
adults in the room I already said that
we fully recognize what is happening and
we are trying to do what's right even
when Donald Trump won't the result is a
two-track presidency take foreign policy
in public and in private president Trump
shows a preference for autocrats and
dictators such as Vladimir Putin and
North Korea's leader Kim Jong hoon and
displays little genuine appreciation for
the ties that bind us two allied
like-minded nations astute observers
have noted though that the rest of the
administration is operating on another
track one where countries like Russia
are called out for meddling and punished
accordingly and we're allies around the
world are engaged as peers rather than
ridiculed as rivals let me pause there
also seventy-three percent of the
world's dictatorships are backed by the
u.s. we give them
weapons we give them money 73% that
that's not like Oh Donald Trump came in
there and he started that policy no he
went in there and he continued that
policy the same policy that was the case
under Barack Obama the same policies
that was the case under george w bush so
I did this actually pisses me off more
maybe than even the other part and the
reason is Donald Trump is a crude
jackass and he's an idiot okay but he
doesn't bother trying to like mask US
imperialism and war mongering whereas
Obama and George W Bush they pretended
like we aren't war mongers we aren't an
imperialist nation as we acted that way
so for this person in the administration
to act like oh I can't believe this
President is fond of dictators other
presidents aren't fond of dictators what
are you talking about all the other
presidents were fond of dictators Trump
is just open and honest about that fact
which by the way I don't want to act
like that's me giving Trump credit it's
not I think he's too stupid to do the
tap dance that the other presidents do
to mask it but it is me saying they are
substantively no different Sally if we
got rid of Trump and Pence was president
all the sudden tomorrow boom we cut off
the relationship with a 73% of the
world's dictators we wouldn't do that
which is why this is [ __ ] frustrating
more given the instability many
witnessed there were early whispers
within the cabinet of invoking the 25th
amendment which would start a complex
process for removing the president but
no one wanted to precipitate a
constitutional crisis so we will do what
we can to steer the administration in
the right direction until one way or
another it's over this isn't the work of
the so-called deep state it's the work
of the steady state okay
now let's let me give them credit in one
sense okay and then I have salt I have a
lot of mixed feelings about this as you
could probably already tell are there
some instances we
you yes any reasonable pragmatic person
all other points aside about process and
about the way the system should work and
all that stuff can any reasonable person
say that in certain scenarios you do
want somebody to basically tame the
toddler Donald Trump and take matters
into their own hands
yeah and in fact I'm gonna get to a
story a little bit later in this show
that dives into that there were
instances where Trump all he has to do
is see one like a negative news report
about what's happening in Syria and he
literally is like okay let's go kill the
sod and do it now why are we waiting
let's go do it
so in a situation like that it's so he
like they pointed out he does he has no
principles and he's deeply amoral and
he's a buffoon who can put his finger in
the Windigo which way is it blowing I'm
gonna go in that direction and there's
no deep analysis there's no thought it's
and it's so funny for a guy who
ironically screams fake news all the
time when he saw the report on Syria his
initial instinct was not to scream fake
news it was to say everything he's
exactly correct and now we're I'm gonna
act in accordance with that and I'm just
gonna go topple him and I want to go
take out Bashar al-assad so are there
some instances where you want an adult
to go hmm pipe down [ __ ] that's not
happening we're gonna handle this like
adults yes there are some instances like
that so in a sense I get why everybody's
like oh okay
it's good that there are people who are
like winking and nodding and going yeah
we know he's an idiot and we're
basically placating him and finding a
way to manage him while we try to do
more reasonable things so on the one
hand I get that but there are also like
when they say this isn't the work of the
so-called deep state is the work of the
steady state you know no no you don't
get to say that you don't get to say
we're undermining the person who is
democratically elected and then also say
oh but don't worry it's not like there's
this big conspiracy to work against him
no that's literally what it is now you
can make an argument as tono does here's
why that is a good thing but don't don't
give me that [ __ ]
speak out of both sides of your mouth
crap because that's what that is
like oh sure we're undermining him and
it is a conspiracy but just don't call
it the deep state it's because it's the
steady state no no no no no no it is the
deep state it is the deep state now you
could say well traditionally deep state
really means more CIA than anything else
and this is not CIA this is from within
his own cabinet fair enough but the fact
remains there are establishment figures
who are aligned to undermine him
sometimes for better sometimes for worse
but that is 100% the dynamic of what's
happening and you don't get to say oh
it's but don't call it a conspiracy you
don't call it the deep state [ __ ] off at
least be open and honest about what
you're really doing here don't try to
pretend like we're all noble heroes and
then another important point is dude
what about the precedent this sets so
imagine for a second Bernie Sanders gets
elected president and you have some
establishment minded Democrats who are
in his administration and you know maybe
they played the role well of pretending
to be progressive so everybody thinks
they're really progressive but no if you
scratch beneath the surface you look
beneath the surface I think I mixed two
analogies there you can tell very
quickly their establishment Democrats
well how would we feel if an
establishment Democrat was undermining
Bernie Sanders and at the same time
acting like no we're a hero because
crazy Bernie doesn't understand the
nuances of our health care system and he
thinks he's somehow gonna give us
Medicare for all which would catch us up
to the rest of the developed world but
Bernie that's too big of a change we
can't start from scratch let's be
realistic with me pragmatic we can't do
those things
so we're I'm part of the resistance from
within Bernie Sanders White House and
I'm actively undermining what he's doing
I think that not only would I disagree
with that person substantively I think
it would be fair to make an argument on
principle as to why that shouldn't be
allowed because Bernie Sanders agree or
disagree with him in this hypothetical
scenario he was democratically elected
you were not democratically elected or
maybe we're democratically elected but
you weren't on the top of the ballot so
I don't it's a little weird to me that
people would just cheer this and not
think about the implications of it and
not think about the precedent that this
sets because it's almost like with the
Alex Jones thing Oh
it talks about how you know the media's
against me and the establishments
against me and then they kind of take
this crackpot who's wrong about 96% of
the [ __ ] he says but they proved him
right in that instance that there
actually was a big tech conspiracy 2d
platform him because he got pulled down
from all these different platforms all
at the same time so the way you you know
debunked the conspiracy theorist is not
to have a smoke-filled back room with
all the billionaire tech CEOs that then
act on him and censor him so you see
what I'm saying so with Trump it's a
similar thing it's like all the fake
news media's against me and the [ __ ]
the establishments against me and it's
me versus the system and I'm for the
little guy and then people you know
basically do something like this and
they act as if they're heroes when this
is not going to be viewed among people
who even just lean in support of Trump
this is not going to be viewed as oh
these people are heroes it's gonna be
viewed as oh my god the deep state
subverting the Democratic will of the
people with our elected leader so it's a
difficult situation man it's a difficult
situation I have there I have mixed
feelings about this for sure and then
like I pointed out before this is also
an attempt where if / when it goes wrong
people will go oh that was Trump was bad
but all the other Republicans are good
even though our policies are like 90%
aligned with Trump
we're like they'll pretend like the
polar opposite of Trump but you're not
just because you're not like him in tone
does not mean you're you're dislike him
substantively in fact you are very like
him substantively and then the final
thing I'll bring up is this there was a
word used in the article the word is
lodestar ello de st AR don't feel bad if
you don't know what that word means I
didn't know what it meant what it meant
in fact I don't think I've ever heard
that word before it's a weird word to
use it's just not a word that's commonly
used and that word was in the article
well a reasonable thing to do if you're
trying to figure out hey who wrote this
article who's the anonymous source from
within the Trump White House a
reasonable thing to do is to try to find
hey is there
do people in the White House has anybody
have a record of using that word well
come to find out Mike Pence uses that
word all the time so a lot of people are
saying oh it's 100% Mike Pence who wrote
this article I wouldn't say a hundred
percent that certainly is evidence that
perhaps he wrote the article but there's
another possibility that possibility is
somebody's framing Mike Pence
it's either pence wrote it in which case
holy [ __ ] the vice president is actively
undermining the president and he dropped
a [ __ ] word on that only he uses and a
holy [ __ ] there's gonna be fireworks
coming or somebody's purposely trying to
undermine pence and make it look like
it's pets to sow discord from within the
White House and make it even more
chaotic than it already is either way
that's wild either way that's wild and
again I don't know what's gonna happen
moving forward it seems to me like
they're laying the groundwork for
plausible deniability
if slash wind the Muller situation goes
after Trump in a way that he might not
be able to recover from so it's kind of
like an insurance policy let's distance
ourselves a little bit so that if slash
when the [ __ ] hits the fan whoever wrote
this piece is gonna come out say it was
me and I wasn't just representing me I
was representing every other Republican
