we now have the mother of all Trump
Russia conspiracies to discuss this is
Jonathan Chait of New York magazine
apparently you say his name shade is
this guy here by the way dude
finasteride get on it
finasteride buddy I take it no shame in
that no shame in my game
his name is cheat not cheat I always
called him cheat I like chai eat better
coz it's like it sounds douchey and he's
douchey so John cheat went on Chris
Hayes a show to explain this goofy ass
conspiracy and I want you to pay close
attention and a matter of fact go ahead
pull up Microsoft Word or if you got a
sheet of paper next to you just [ __ ]
grab a pencil or pen and just jot down
look at the evidence that he's able to
share to back up his genius theory take
a look did the Trump campaign did the
candidate at the heart of it conspire
with Russia to subvert American
democracy or and does Russia has some
kind of leverage over Donald Trump in a
new cover story from New York magazine
writer Jonathan Chait argues we have not
allowed ourselves to consider the full
range of possibilities chant lays out
what could be considered the worst case
scenario for Trump Russia collusion the
Donald Trump has been a Russian
intelligence asset since 1987 New York
magazine Jonathan Chait joins me now so
ok it sounds insane I just want to say
it really does like the idea that he
went he goes to Moscow in 87 is
cultivated as a Russian intelligence
opposite asset and is this sort of like
sleeper cell for decades
sounds nuts it sounds like the stuff of
conspiracy theories why are you not
insane so that's a great question Chris
I get that all the time so first of all
the piece acknowledged is that that is
probably not true but it might be and
one of the reasons I wrote this is you
need to take seriously some of these low
probability high impact scenarios you
know before the election sort of
everyone heard that Hillary Clinton had
about an 80% chance of winning and we
all just treated it like that meant a
hundred percent and didn't think of
what would that 20% alternative really
mean so that's part of what I'm doing
with this with and with aspects of this
piece like this trip to Moscow you know
what would it mean if it was if it
really went that deep now there's a lot
of ways in which this scandal could be
really bad and not go that deep but I
think you need to consider that for
another reason which is that everyone
always says well this has been Trump's
view forever all this stuff he's saying
what the Western Allies splitting us
apart from the West and and how he's
sort of pissing on them all the time and
saying you know we should let them go
their own way that's just what he's
always thought it's not really what he's
always thought it's what he's thought
since 1987 he never thought that before
then at least he never said it before
then in 1987 is when he he went to
Moscow and he's feted by the Russians
and mentors Moscow and then he comes
back then he starts talk about running
for president for the first time and
then he starts talking for the first
time about how our allies a bunch of
freeloaders and we should kick him to
the curb yeah we should say that he is I
mean I just wanna be clear here he is
really consistent on that point right
that the idea that this sort of zero-sum
view that her allies are free-riding and
we're paying for it he takes out
full-page ads at $100,000 he sounds
identical to how he does now right the
idea that like we're getting abused
we're getting taken for granted and
we're paying for other people's defense
we're paying for the people's offense
who were defending against the Russians
right not particularly yes so it really
dovetails with Russian foreign policy
interests then and now now again that's
probably a coincidence and it might it
might not be I mean I think you know you
have to take seriously that possibility
that it's not a coincidence and you know
I try to assemble all the information
that I think can be brought to bear on
this question like I quote John Brennan
who was the CIA CIA director as recently
as 2016 who said that he thinks the
Russians have something over on Donald
Trump and and the weird thing is that
thinking like the CIA director hey maybe
he knows what he's talking about
that's the kook theory as we understand
it like The Kooks are the ones who
saying we should listen to the guy who's
running the CIA
usually the coups are saying the CIA is
part of the conspiracies and now it's
it's it's we Kooks are saying let's
listen well I wanna I want to
but never first there's there's one
piece here that I completely forgotten
about so I want to play Brennan's
testimony in May 2017 yeah that you cite
in the piece just to give people a
flavor of what how he talks about it
take a listen
I've studied Russian intelligence
activities over the years and have seen
it again manifested many different of
our counterintelligence cases and and
how they have been able to get people
including inside of CIA to become
treasonous and frequently individuals
who go along that treasonous path do not
even realize they're along that path
until it gets to be a bit too late and
you also were a reminder the piece of
that fact he got briefed in what was it
August for this in August 2016 the head
of British intelligence flies to the US
this is a report about a mayor to brief
him personally on what was going on
between the Trump campaign in Russia
yeah and in the Guardian had another
report about another Western European or
I think he may be a turn European
Intelligence Agency briefing him about
the same thing they were listening to
intercepts of Russian officials talking
about the Trump campaign in the
connections they had between them so we
don't know what those intercepts said
but but clearly he something you know
alarmed and said him often and in made
him reach these dire conclusions here
you know you have this metaphor the cave
right that we keep thinking that the
bottom is just right around the corner
maybe we're at the mouth of it right but
I've had this thought to it it's
vertigo-inducing thought I never know
quite where to orient ourselves and we
just know the facts as they kind of come
to light you kind of assemble them you
come up with a mental theory my question
you is are you confident we will know
the final truth right that like
ultimately the thing will be revealed
about what is true and what's not what
the facts of the matter are I think some
of the facts will find out I think the
things pertaining to the end of the
Trump campaign will probably find out
because a lot of people are flipping and
cooperating with Muller but if there's
leverage in Moscow my guess is that's
gonna stay in Moscow I don't see how
Muller is gonna get at secrets that are
locked at the Kremlin where do I begin
with this Jim okay so first of all let
me say up front because I can already
hear the echoes of straw Manning of me
happening on the Internet is Donald
Trump corrupt yes does he have business
deals with unsavory actors
unsavory actors from other countries and
around the globe yes
you know I've spoken about it before he
has a peace property hotel I think in
Panama where they were laundering drug
money
so is Donald Trump involved in some
shady [ __ ] yes there's evidence he's
done deals with the Mafia you know I
mean really you're gonna you're gonna be
a builder in New York City in the 1980s
and you don't have mob ties [ __ ] we
know as a matter of fact his lawyer when
he was younger I don't think to this day
cuz I think the guy may have passed away
but his lawyer when he was younger is
the same lawyer that was used by the top
mob families in New York
so yes Heath the dude certainly has mob
ties I don't think that's controversial
to say I don't think it's controversial
say that he's done deals with oligarchs
including Russian oligarchs I don't
think that's controversial how many
times have I gone off on the fact that
he has his products are made in 12
different countries so he has sweetheart
deals with different governments Saudi
Arabia gave him hundreds of thousands of
dollars when they stayed at his hotel
recently in a recent trip and in return
look at what they got oh wow shocker you
just got like a hundred billion dollar
weapons deal Israel same thing Jared
Kushner his son-in-law has taken a
tremendous amount of money from Israeli
banks millions and millions of dollars
and then Wow shocker
we end up doing the bidding of Israel
and moving the embassy to Jerusalem and
we they literally tried to prevent when
they were president when he was
president-elect they tried to prevent
the UN from condemning Israel over
illegal settlements this is when Israel
contacted Trump's campaign and said okay
listen this is what we want
you have Flynn Paul a Paul Manafort and
and Flynn Michael Flynn Flynn was doing
the bidding of the Turkish government he
was taking money he didn't register as a
foreign agent but he was taking money
from the Turkish government and he was
lobbying to not arm the Kurds in
Washington so he was doing the bidding
of a foreign government without even
registering as an agent of that foreign
government and he got nabbed and you
know Paul Manafort yes absolutely a
criminal I'm sure he was engaged in
money laundered
he's in [ __ ] prison right now so is
there are they a criminal family yes I'm
not saying they're not are they engaged
in corruption yes I'm not saying they're
not so I just want to be so clear about
that then nobody could try to strongman
a straw man me and say like my argument
is there didn't do anything wrong that's
not what I'm saying that's all I'm
saying what I am saying is this version
of events is hilariously stupid and a
parody of itself and I'll explain why I
just described how they're deeply
corrupt and they're doing the bidding of
other governments and their money
laundering and they're involved with
oligarchs and all that stuff
hundred percent the idea that it goes
all the way from Donald Trump to
Vladimir Putin and he's doing Putin's
bidding well that's probably not true
now why do I say that well for one thing
Putin one of Putin's top allies is Assad
in Syria we bombed him and hit and the
people on his side three times four
times
we're permanently occupying Syria right
now Trump announced that like about a
month or so ago and by the way nobody
even was talking about it but they're
like yeah we're gonna do permanent we're
gonna keep our troops in Syria what so
is that what is that what Booton wants
the United States to permanently occupy
his [ __ ] Ally who has got business
dealings with no Donald Trump approved
arms to go to Ukrainian rebels many of
those Ukrainian rebels have [ __ ]
neo-nazi ties and why would he send
money to Ukraine when Ukraine is
fighting Russia over the Crimea
situation you don't arm the side that's
fighting Russia if you're doing Vladimir
Putin's bidding that would never happen
he sanctioned them I know people like to
you know harp on certain sanctions Trump
not approving but he has increase
sanctions since he's been in office
that's a fact and then another
interesting piece of evidence that just
came out by the way Donald Trump like
all yesterday was ripping Germany on
Twitter why because we are we fund much
of NATO and at the same time there were
NATO Germany is getting a tremendous
amount of oil from Russia so Trump's
point is we'll hold on now let me see we
are paying for defense from Russia as
you [ __ ] have business dealings
with Russia and so he was lambasted them
and saying oh you're Russia's puppet now
people were like oh see he's trying to
do the he's doing projection because he
is obviously Putin's puppet no you
jackass he's bought by the oil companies
in the US he's bought by I mean he's
taken a tremendous amount of money from
ExxonMobil and all these different
fossil fuel companies and the reason why
he's ripping Germany for taking oil from
Russia for having business yields with
Russia is because that's him saying do
the business deal with us enrich the oil
companies that gave me money when I ran
for president so he's trying to blow up
a business deal that involves Russia
because he wants the u.s. he wants us
companies are really multinational but
he wants ExxonMobil and fossil fuel
companies here to get that deal so the
idea that like oh no he's just doing
projection no he's obviously trying to
blow up the business dealings he thinks
it's stupid that we pay for defense from
Russia as they have business deals with
Russia we need to defend you from your
[ __ ] business partner so it is all
the empirical evidence shows that even
though he's corrupt even though I'm sure
he's involved in money laundering in the
Mafia and all types of dirty [ __ ] and
he's doing the biddings of all these
different governments he's hasn't done
the bidding of Russia that's just a fact
okay now let's dig deeper here because
his art his argument it wasn't even an
argument it was a lack of an argument he
was like he starts by saying we all
thought Hillary would win okay and how
is that relevant to the conversation
then he says oh well he went to Moscow
so what he went to he went to Russia at
some point in his life I'm sure Trump
has been to at least 30 countries in his
life I'm sure of it
and then he said is my favorite piece of
non evidence well you know Trump he's
he's always kind of said that I guess
he's been critical of NATO I guess for a
long time
Shane argues he's only done that for
he's only been saying that for thirty
years
he's only been famous for thirty years
how the [ __ ] would you know what he was
saying before that he wasn't in the
public eye oh but what a ridiculous
argument to make then he says well you
know the CIA has concerns and they cite
Brennan as for backing them up that's
the dude who crafted the trone program
that's been murdering women and children
all over this world and now all the
sudden this guy who the left used to go
after viciously now all the time of he's
some sort of objective moral arbiter
that's just nonsense and then finally he
finishes by saying we'll never know you
know that
oh how [ __ ] convenient the Rania
Khalek made a great point on Twitter she
said this is now birtherism for
democrats that's what this is it's like
it's all the arguments are all non
arguments it's all innuendo it's all
assumptions it's all leaps of logic
we'll never know he finished it well if
you'll never well the [ __ ] you're
talking about it for what are you
talking about for this thing and they
even eat Chris Hayes is like this sounds
insane but let me give you air time for
you to go ahead and try to explain
yourself and even on the banner they
were like unlikely on the bag you're
gonna say unlikely but maybe do you have
any idea how many [ __ ] theories you
could throw out there with that
disclaimer unlikely but maybe unlikely
but maybe the moon landing was faked
unlikely but maybe the moon is made of
[ __ ] cheese unlikely but maybe a
Barack Obama's a Kenyan Muslim you God
there's it's become so disingenuous man
so insanely disingenuous and so let me
say this if to this point I haven't
convinced you fine I do want to show you
the big gotcha moment though of you know
what this theory is what this conspiracy
theory entails you want to see the very
simple not at all convoluted and not at
all stupid flow chart that Chaitra least
here to explain his conspiracy take a
look
this isn't a joke I didn't I didn't make
that shape made this as if to be like
anyway let me show you how how this
theory would work if indeed it was real
we're at Glenn Beck levels of crazy
that's what that is that's Glenn Beck
level crazy you with the giant
chalkboard this is Glenn Beck 2000-2010
nonsense
giant chalkboard draw the lines oh my
god Van Jones is a communist that's what
this is that's what this has become and
it's [ __ ] embarrassing and listen man
it's the more I see [ __ ] like this the
more I fear that Donald Trump can get
reelected he has a decent chance of
getting reelected because if this is
viewed as the predominant you know the
predominant narrative on the Left if
this is what we got then that's like you
know running on birtherism against Obama
and what happened was in the midterms in
2010 you had giant pickups from
Republicans okay so maybe 2018 Democrats
get major pickups but what happens in
2020 well what happened in 2012 Barack
Obama got reelected didn't he can Trump
get reelected keep saying stupid [ __ ]
like this and find out
