Alex Jones lashed out at Joe Rogan and
it was absolutely bonkers let's watch
I'm not trying to beat Joe Rogan a lap
dog of the system I'm trying to change
the world and I'm doing it and as for
Joe since I brought that up I meant to
do this I'm going to do it now cue him
up if you can find it I was into it last
week and I didn't do it I'm doing it
because I don't lose sleep over nothing
and I'm gonna lose the sleep over not
saying this so I'm gonna do it right now
kill him up saying George Soros was
captured by the Nazis now he got it good
no I don't care about coming on your
podcast I don't need to come on your
podcast but my point is though I know
you're as smart as I am or smarter and I
sit there and I watched you on your show
or I'm wrong about Bourdain but then you
have your guys go oh look we discovered
the Clintons were after him and he was
this and that and then and then oh and
then Alex you know Alex Alex he you know
he's just wrong about all this stuff and
he says Soros worked with the Nazi Soros
was captured by the Nazis he'll Joe why
not just say he cut it lers head off and
fought him in a castle and then and
Hitler was guarded by 5000 werewolves
and and and naked strippers in SS
uniforms I'm not stupid I get to hear my
son listen to his podcast almost every
day I hear it to the point of I don't
want to watch it because I don't want to
start saying stuff cuz I care about Joe
Joe's a good guy he's done a lot of good
work he's really a libertarian patriot
but he's out there in Los Angeles with
his family and every time I see this
stuff
he's misrepresenting what I've said in
what I've done he says oh I like Alex
but then he Snipes me oh I like you Alex
oh I like you I was the good guy he's
wrong he's wrong he's wrong he's wrong
he's like he's like my other best buddy
Eddie Bravo Eddie you're a crazy dumbass
boom slam your head in the ground aren't
you a nice little guy putting up with me
saying that I already know our number
one Joe
get that isn't about being number one
it's about change in the world and you
have the power to do that does let me
tell you something Joe they're gonna
release bio weapons soon to try to stop
Trump in this movement
Oh Alex Jones is wrong about Anthony
Bourdain hey Joe I talked to the people
that were there in the production at the
highest levels they're involved the
Pentagon everything else I know all
about it
Elon Musk I mean I mean Joe I'm not
gonna tell you you know who I talked to
yesterday or who I talked to this
afternoon so just let's quit pretending
that we aren't the tip of the spear and
then Joe takes DMT and talks about
seeing space aliens and other dimensions
and then I talk about the globalist
taking drugs and believing they're
getting knowledge from other dimensions
and I'm the biggest cook in the world oh
I had Alex some people think I like Alex
I like him as a friend but he's a total
nut ball
any money talking about interdimensional
child molesters psychic vampires he's
crazy
oh really I don't take DMT it's fine
that you did I'm a libertarian and then
and then I don't sit there and think I'm
communicate with aliens the people I'm
talking about do because if you're a
good person and you take the DMT and go
to the fifth dimension six dimension if
you believe in that stuff they act real
friendly but masculino gets mean later
he's a goat by the way it's bathroom
that's who you meet it happens to
basically everybody unless you're a
really good guy
and then you get transported to a space
prison for a couple hundred thousand
years and then when you come back you
don't ever come back now I've never
taken it but I've talked people I knew
about this when I was a kid from people
that I knew that were involved in CIA
trials at Berkeley Oh tell me about DMT
Joe tell me all about you know how you
popularized in the last 15 years the
clockwork elves yeah I heard about the
clockwork elves nice little kid and I
decided I don't want to see him cuz
everybody sees them little goat
creatures with little green hats and
little green uniforms it looks just like
grey aliens then they pull their masks
off they don't look quite like that
anymore they were a little gray mass so
they don't get too scary cuz they look
like little gremlins little demons now
so you'll probably play
that's a look how crazy you please
little gremlin demons no you - you
talked about it you saw it you believed
it you I didn't take it the Bible says
don't be part of pharmakeia cuz it gives
you the evil spirits okay I didn't used
to believe that growing up and then I
learned the CIA is taking this to get
interdimensional communications you say
you've had those interdimensional
communications show I haven't had them
you have but I'm the coop yeah there's
Bourdain saying he's been experiencing
Hilary's wrath it's no fun but you know
Alex Jones is wrong for even asking a
question dad I'm sorry that was
particularly disturbing okay so first of
all the Bourdain thing is like it's just
so beyond the pale man on the day that
he [ __ ] died Alex Jones was already
out there coming up with conspiracy
theories listen dude you don't know what
the [ __ ] you're talking about
you certainly don't know before the
goddamn medical examiners know so you
can cocked all of these conspiracy
theories and let's face it what you're
doing is you're politicizing the death
of somebody so you're trying to get some
sort of political gain out of somebody's
death and then you take these out of
context tweets where he talks about oh
I've been on the receiving end of you
know the wrath of Hillary's operatives
and the interpretation that he takes
there is
well obviously Hillary Clinton had
Anthony Bourdain murdered listen I'm
100% sure I've said something to that
effect on Twitter but that was me saying
listen I've been attacked as like a
Bernie bro so being on the receiving end
of the wrath of Hillary's operatives is
like you know the social media presence
of people who are viciously arguing in
favor of her and making happy arguments
in favor of her you know the correct
direct correct the record spent a
million dollars to pump out like
pro-hillary trolls have many of us been
on the receiving end of those trolls yes
pretty
sure that's what Bourdain was talking
about not like oh my goodness they're
sending a hitman to murder me and this
idea of like and and the rest of the
conspiracy is even dumber it's all
because he was pro-trump well weird they
somehow missed Kanye West coming out to
be pro Trump even though Kanye West is
bigger than Anthony Bourdain so the
powers that be the Illuminati the
Bilderberg - globalist whatever the [ __ ]
you want to call them they're so genius
that they weren't able to stop a bigger
celebrity coming out to basically be pro
Trump and they also weren't able to stop
his [ __ ] election
so these bilderberg's are so organized
or you know this Illuminati group the
globalist the Hillary people are so
organized that they missed getting their
candidate elected and they missed the
fact that half the [ __ ] country and
many celebrities by the way are Pro
Trump but they just just one of them one
of them one of the celebrities they were
like we got to kill this guy for being
pro Trump there's no there's no logic
there there's no logic there whatsoever
and he's he's being like dense on
purpose it strikes me as and they're
also by the way when whenever Joe Rogan
did Joe Rogan his friends with Alex
Jones so whenever he disagreed with Alex
Jones he always like bent over backwards
to try to be conciliatory and try to be
kind and he would say something like hey
man he's been right about a lot of stuff
and then he would say stuff like the
agent provocateurs where the government
would send people into protests to start
being violent to then allow you know the
law enforcement to crack down on the
protests he would give him credit on
stuff like that
I've given Alex Jones credit on the NSA
stuff and the Patriot Act there was a
time when he was against the NSA and and
the Patriot Act and too much executive
authority in that realm so and Joe would
always bring that up whenever talking
about Alex Jones always always always
hits hits hits them with the line of
like well he's right about some things
but then yeah Alex when you were out
they're promoting the idea that Sandy
Hook was a [ __ ] conspiracy theory and
then by the way lying and saying that
you never said that when there's [ __ ]
compilations of you from like 20
different shows saying exactly that yeah
did people gonna disagree with that Joe
Rogan's gonna be like that's not cool
not only do I disagree with that that's
really [ __ ] up because what happened
is a lot of the family members of these
people who died are being harassed and
they're being harassed by people who
listen to you and think you're right
when you say that when you originally
said it there were no kids that died and
he's said a variety of different
conspiracy theories in regards to Sandy
Hook and then again he cut he started
he's disingenuous after the fact and
acts like I never said that yes you did
we have enough [ __ ] videotape you
goddamn liar so yeah Joe Rogan gonna
disagree with that
yeah Joe Rogan is gonna get upset when
you talk about how his friend by the way
Anthony Bourdain it's not that he
committed suicide he was murdered and
murdered by Hillary Clinton because he
was gonna come out to be pro Trump
it's just it's so [ __ ] gross man and
then you know what I got out of this
he's really insecure Alex Jones is
because it's like he doesn't acknowledge
the fact that you actually gave him
credit on some issues and is always
bending over backwards to be
conciliatory and kind to his friend
disregarded all of that and was just
like you're wrong you're wrong you're
wrong
mocking Joe for you know sometimes
disagreeing with him it's like dude what
do you expect you were literally talking
about interdimensional alien vampire
child molesters on his show and you
expect everybody to just take that at
face value as if it's some sort of
factual comment come the [ __ ] on man is
he serious is out shown serious or is he
some sort of you know character is he
doing some sort of game where he's this
character and his performance art I
don't know I would hope that's it
because if it's that's not it then good
goodness gracious are we in trouble okay
and then I love how and by the way the
segment was like 25 minutes long you
only saw a little snippet of it there
but he talks about how they're gonna
release bio weapons to stop Trump and
the movement he just he always drops the
that are like insane comments that
require a tremendous amount of evidence
if it doesn't provide the evidence he
just drops the statements as if it's
like a matter of fact as if it's like
well of course they're gonna release bio
weapons to stop the Trump movement then
my favorite part he talks about DMT and
he attacks Joe Rogan for promoting DMT
and he says oh people take DMT and they
see aliens in other dimensions and he
kind of straw man's Joe Rogan as if Joe
Rogan said oh I took DMT and I
definitely saw things from other
dimensions again that's not true what
Joe Rogan says and he says it very
clearly and I've heard him say it
multiple times is I don't know what
happens when I take DMT it certainly
feels like I'm connecting with another
dimension it could all be in my mind but
either way it feels the same it feels as
if it's a genuine you know some sort of
out-of-body insane like religious
experience it feels the same whether
you're actually connecting with another
dimension or if it's just all in your
mind so what's the difference so he
never said I know that there are aliens
I know that there are other dimensions I
know that I'm communicating with [ __ ]
elves like he never said that you are
pretending he said that so then you get
to turn around and say oh and I'm the
crazy one yes Alex you are the crazy one
because unlike Joe you actually make
claims a fact that there are
interdimensional aliens and [ __ ]
vampires and pedophiles run the world
and so stop like he's being really
disingenuous when he makes a lot of
these points um and then I like how he
just drops in their quote you go to
space prison for a couple hundred
thousand years so in other words if you
if I guess if you take DMT and you have
a bad trip you go to space prison for a
couple hundred thousand years and he
makes this smug face like nailed it
gotcha
you know most [ __ ] all what does I
mean you don't know the [ __ ] you're
talking about you don't know the [ __ ]
you're talking about
and they talk about little goat
creatures like a little
it's bossom it so in other words oh
you're communicating was like the devil
and they talked about the Bible he says
all the Bible's against it so I don't do
it can you just come out of the Pat
Robertson closet Alex please just come
out and say I'm like John Hagee I'm like
Pat Robertson I'm like every single
Jerry Falwell every single insane
uber fundamentalist Christian in the
country that's me now because we're
gonna do another story later Alex Jones
spent all this week talking about how
different people are the devil literal
demons Hillary Clinton's a literal demon
Bob Dylan is a literal D I'm serious
he's been talking about that all week
like although their demons demon
possession and devil worship and so just
stop like there was a time Alex when you
were the conspiracy guy and like okay
he rants about what's really going on
and who's really controlling things and
you know and you were wrong about a lot
of stuff but hey at least you would talk
about civil liberties from time to time
and at least you would talk about how
war is stupid now look at your show it's
all [ __ ] fundamentalist religious
garbage and [ __ ] on your friend and
pretending your friend said he connected
with another dimension when no you're
the one who says you know that there are
other dimensions and [ __ ] vampires
and pedophiles run everything except the
[ __ ] up god you're such a hack you're
such a goddamn hack and the fact that he
brought up the Bible tells you
everything you need to know about what's
happening Alex Jones you're gonna bring
up the Bible you're gonna bring up the
Bible and then finally he says like
again as a matter of fact I know that
the CIA has been using those drugs to do
interdimensional communications the
thing that upset me most about this
segment from Alex Jones was actually the
like to dislike right on the video now
again if people are watching him and
they think it's some sort of performance
art and it's like tongue-in-cheek and
like this is awesome he's attacking Joe
Rogan and they just like it okay fine I
guess
but if there are people who are watching
this and they're like no seriously he
nailed it then the level of idiocy
they're really surpasses what I thought
and it's not like I had a rosy view to
begin with but goodness gracious if
people watch this and they think that
this man is making coherent points as
opposed to being just a ranting raving
raging lunatic I have no words
