so there's an account on Twitter pretty
big account the account is called
pixelated vault boat and it's funny I
follow it I know a lot of people who
follow it and what he does is absurdist
comedy you know it's it's usually
heavily political but it's a you know a
healthy dose of just absurdist comedy
it's kind of comedy that I particularly
enjoy and with this new book that's
coming out fire and fury which details
what's going on in the Trump
administration what's actually happening
behind the scenes but there's been many
you know passages that leak here and
there about oh my God look at what Trump
said about this issue and look at what
Trump said about that issue and oh all
the advisers think he's an idiot
so what pixilated boat did in classic
pixelated boat fashion is he decided to
do a fake passage from the book and
tweet it out now again this is what he
does like he does he's not trying to
dupe anybody but I'm about to read you
this passage and then tell you the
reaction so pixelated boat says wow this
extract from Wolf's book is shocking
insight into Trump's mind and it says on
his first night in the White House
President Trump complained that the TV
in his bedroom was broken because it
didn't have the gorilla Channel Trump
seemed to be under the impression that a
TV channel existed that screened nothing
but gorilla based content 24 hours a day
to appease Trump White House staff
compiled a number of gorilla
documentaries into a makeshift gorilla
channel broadcast into Trump's bedroom
from a hastily constructed transmission
tower on the South Lawn however Trump
was unhappy with with the channel they
created moaning that it was boring
because the gorillas aren't fighting
staff edited out all the parts of the
documentaries where gorillas
weren't hitting each other and at last
the president was satisfied quote on
some days he'll watch the gorilla
Channel for 17 hours straight and
insider told me he kneels in front of
the TV with his face about four inches
from the screen and says encouraging
things to the gorillas like the way you
hit that other gorilla was good I think
he thinks the gorillas can hear him so
um you know my guess is that virtually
all of you hear that and you go wow
that's funny that's like a funny joke
tweet well guess what there are many
people on Twitter let's face it mostly
corporate Democrats or corporate
Democrat apologists who looked at that
and they thought the gorillas Channel
Donald Trump oh my god he wanted the
gorillas channel in his room it was it
Pixley to boat what he found in Michael
Wolf's book fire and fury is real so so
many people thought it was real it
started trending on Twitter that's a
fail on a level I wasn't sure was
possible so a few of the people who fell
for it
Erick garland is one this is a guy who
by the way has been one of the leading
voices in the Trump Russia conspiracy
this guy tries to connect dots and say
oh no he really is Putin's puppet and
Trump did treason and he's a Manchurian
Candidate and all that stuff one of the
leading voices in the Russia conspiracy
is so dim that he believed this obvious
joke about the guerrilla Channel don't
get me wrong I get it like Trump's a
[ __ ] idiot
so you know I'm trying to be kind here
if there was a somewhat similar passage
that
wasn't as absurd like if you reeled in
the absurdity like 50% yeah I could be
believable
it could be honestly the story could be
believable if it was just you know Trump
was upset that there wasn't a gorilla
Channel or something okay I can believe
that I could believe that you know I
bought a gorilla Channel there's no
gorilla Channel sad sad I could get that
but the details of this make it
obviously a joke
[ __ ] obviously so but this is what
we're dealing with now there was another
I forget the guys name he's another um
he's another corporate Democrat
apologist I forget his name but he was
another prominent person who thought
this was real the hashtag resistance was
all over this thinking it was real some
of them even after it was pointed out
like hey man look this was actually this
is a joke you know what they did they
were like oh yeah no I know I was just a
play playing into the joke and saying
like oh my god see it's real guys I
guess me D continuing the joke that's
when you know you're really [ __ ]
embarrassed I'm not even gonna admit
that I was duped by the joke I'm gonna
go to be fair to Eric garland he was
like okay you got me but there were
other people who tweeted it out like it
was real with you know they said their
own thing like wow look at what
pixelated bow fan in the book and then
you know when they were people like
that's fake they were like oh yeah no ID
yeah I know I was I was I was joking too
[Music]
but look this and what I wanted to
discuss this for it's obviously
hilarious which is one of the reasons
why we're discussing it but also there's
a genuine problem here man and that
problem is look everybody on the left
even if you're not a fan of Obama we
used to say to people on the right you
have to not be idiots because what's
happening is you're willing to believe
anything negative about Obama simply by
virtue of the fact that it's a negative
thing about Obama
which is why you
had an unconscionable percentage of
people in the Republican Party I think
it was like 50% of people who were like
yeah I don't think he was born in
America I think he was born in Kenya or
you know his birth certificate from
around here
you know he's foreign you know a
ridiculous percentage of people in the
Republican Party thought that Obama was
a Marxist you know it's it's stories
like that and a large percentage of
people believing it like there was I
think it was half the Republican Party
thought that acorn stole the election
for Obama in 2012 when it was against
Mitt Romney when acorn already hadn't
existed for years so there was the acorn
scandal the mucked up scandal with James
O'Keefe Democrats and Republicans
shivved acorn in the side eliminated it
got rid of it as a result of that hack
job done by James O'Keefe but then when
the next election rolled around
Republicans 50% of them still blamed
acorn for Mitt Romney losing they
thought acorn stole the election for
Obama and everybody on the Left looked
at everybody on the right and said Wow
an embarrassing percentage of you are
willing to believe [ __ ] anything as
long as it portrays Obama in a negative
light well guess what that is exactly
what we're dealing with here now again I
get it Trump's an idiot he's innate
everybody knows he's an idiot any
reasonable person knows he's an idiot
he honestly does not he's not able to
follow complex thoughts he
unquestionably has a low IQ he tweets
things like you know I'm like a really
smart person and a very stable genius he
did that this weekend he did that he did
that this weekend that's not just Oh a
tweet in 2009 no now it just happened
you know who says that's somebody who's
not a very stable genius he imagined
Stephen Hawking saying I'm a very stable
genius I'm a very stable you know I'm
like a really smart person never what an
actual really smart person say that cuz
you know real gangsta-ass you know what
don't flex nuts cuz real gangsta-ass
know they got him trumps like I'm great
don't you got im
right but the point is we all know he's
stupid but this it should have been
obvious to you that this was a joke all
it just requires a little bit of
skepticism like even lesser than your
average amount of skepticism and you
would go oh this is obviously a joke
this is hyperbolic this is absurdist and
it's like that on purpose
so don't have Trump derangement syndrome
there is a million and one things to go
after him for that are legitimate but
see that's the problem with so many
people in the hashtag resistance is that
what they do is they take all the things
that are inconsequential or all the
things that are criticisms that are weak
and mealy-mouthed and they go all in on
those criticisms and they don't attack
them on the most substantive points and
honestly one of the main reasons for
that is to learn the more substantive
points requires learning requires
reading the news figuring out what's
actually going on in the country you
know how are you how are you gonna
critique Trump for his one of his first
actions as president being raising taxes
on the middle class which is what he did
they got rid of a tax break for
first-time homebuyers
how can you critique Trump on raising
taxes on the middle class on day one
unless you know he raised taxes on the
middle class on day one how are you
gonna critique Trump for doing a
military raid his first military act as
president killed a young American girl
in a botched raid how are you gonna
criticize him for that if you don't know
that he did that how are you gonna
criticize Trump for increasing drone
strikes four hundred and thirty two
percent if you don't know that he
increased drone strikes by four hundred
and thirty two percent how are you gonna
criticize him for appointing what five
six top Goldman Sachs officials to his
administration who wrote his [ __ ] tax
plan if you don't know that that's what
he did how are you gonna criticize him
for going going back completely on his
promise to get rid of the
carried interest loophole which is a
special giveaway to hedge funds special
giveaway to Wall Street how are you
gonna critique him for going back on his
word to get rid of that if you don't
know that he did that so all the actual
work to attack Trump the escalation with
Iran
you know the arming of Syrian rebels
which are linked to al-qaeda how are you
gonna criticize him for that if you're
not reading about that learning about
that and knowing the real ways to attack
them trust policies are standard
establishment Republican and we all know
standard establishment Republican is as
bad as it gets so you can criticize them
on policy you can even criticize them on
some non policy stuff but when it gets
to this point now what you're doing is
you're destroying your own credibility
and that's why this is an important
story is that you can't wait to dunk on
Trump so you're willing to take anything
to do it and in the process of that it's
always the low-hanging fruit it's always
he must be a Manchurian Candidate he
must be Vladimir Putin's puppet ah he's
unfit for office because he's mentally
unstable now there is an argument for
that but you have to not rely on just
your gut or just what it looks like to
you you have to have an argument that's
more powerful than that then I don't
know look at him look at him so you're
not point is all you're doing is
sniffing your own farts in your own
liberal bubble if every point you make
against Trump is only something that's
gonna make people who already agree with
you not along and that's the case if
you're doing this guerrilla channel
[ __ ] and you fell for it is that we
are you're already predisposed to hating
everything about them so you look around
you go this is real right and then
everybody in you're sick of Fanta
bubbles like yeah this is real
hashtag Hillary 2020 those are the kinds
of people who fall for this [ __ ] those
are the kinds of people who fall for
this [ __ ] we're never had anything to do
with policy if Donald Trump you know
came out and we're going to
a story on this later if Donald Trump
said live we're gonna do Medicare for
all and he actually started fighting for
it I know that wouldn't happen and again
we'll get to a story that's similar to
that later
but these are the same people who got
Medicare for also stupid
what so other words they don't believe
anything they don't actually believe
anything they're just in the politics
into politics for the tribalism and for
the I'm on Team Blue yay you're on Team
red boo
our side is good your side is bad see
your side so stupid that he wanted the
gorilla Channel
that's real I'm a serious thinker just a
little bit of skepticism you wouldn't
went yeah something's off with that so
it's just embarrassing this is just
embarrassing that so many people fell
for it when the guy he wasn't even
trying to do people he was making it so
over the top on purpose that you would
go oh it's funny joke but people who
despise Trump so much they were just
like that must be real and then the
final point of this is and then they go
ahead and then they do this and then
what's the effect the effect is people
go fake news see here's the fake news
Trump was talking about people say
anything anti Trump and then it's
believed and then it's spread and it
goes viral so the media and in corporate
Democrats are working overtime to try to
prove Trump right and that's why this
should really upset you is because the
way you win is to make good arguments
and hammer away not make really shitty
arguments in your insular bubble and
hammer away because then you become
unbearable to people on the fence they
go yeah I would have been with you but
holy [ __ ] you're unscrupulous and you
don't give a [ __ ] about the truth so how
am I supposed to be with you so I'm I do
these segments as a warning pump your
[ __ ] brakes and use your
mind don't just be reactionary idiots
because that's the thing that we're
against and we're supposed to be
consistently against we were against
them under Obama and it was and I'm fine
with criticizing Obama of course I've
criticized him very strongly but the
things I defended him from was when
idiots were saying he's a Marxist he's a
Kenyan he's a Manchurian Candidate but
now that's the same kind of thing you
see going on in corporate democrat
circles and corporate democrat apologist
circles and it's really sad
