Democratic donor Tom Steyer launched a
campaign to try and impeach Trump so
this guy's a billionaire Democratic
donor and I want to take a look at the
video here and then we'll come back and
discuss he's brought us to the brink of
nuclear war obstructed justice at the
FBI and in direct violation of the
Constitution has taken money from
foreign governments and threatened to
shut down news organizations that report
the truth if that isn't a case for
impeaching and removing a dangerous
president then what is our government
become I'm Tom Styer unlike you I'm a
citizen who knows it's up to us to do
something
it's why I'm funding this effort to
raise our voices together and demand
that elected officials take a stand on
impeachment a Republican Congress wants
impeach the president for far less yet
today people in Congress and his own
administration know that this president
is a clear and present danger who's
mentally unstable and armed with nuclear
weapons and they do nothing
join us and tell your member of Congress
that they have a moral responsibility to
stop doing what's political and start
doing what's right our country depends
on it ok so everybody who's familiar
with the show knows that I've done
segments about potential Trump
impeachment for a while now and I always
had a little bit of a contrarian take
where as mainstream Democrats and people
who are part of hashtag the resistance I
think are pretty short-sighted and they
make bad arguments for impeachment and
then also I think there's almost no
thought that goes into the fact that
pence is almost exactly as bad as Trump
is so to me it seems like you're
spending a lot of political capital to
get nothing accomplished so okay you get
rid of Trump and then you get pens and
pencils all most equally a disaster so
you just wasted all this political
capital and you have nothing to show for
it because if
anything pence can get a draconian
agenda through and he doesn't get the
same kind of media attention because
he's not doing bombastic mean tweets so
Trump does the bombastic mean tweets
gets the ire of the media and fails at
getting through that draconian agenda by
and large whereas pence I think would be
more effective at doing it and he has
better relationship with Republican
Congress people and senators and he can
spin his in a way that you know
the media would would go down more
easily so that was that was my take on
impeachment for a long time now I've
I've moved from being against it to just
being confused and agnostic because
there is one key issue now that I think
is such a big issue that impeachment
should be on the table and that issue of
course is the fact that we might we
might literally go to war with North
Korea now that's not hyperbole in fact I
have a story later on in the show today
coming that talks about it's so serious
that in the government there are
whispers now where people are told hey
if you have any assets in South Korea
get them out so people in the government
top administration officials are
whispering to their friends look I'm
just gonna tell you right now any assets
you have in South Korea get them out
because this is the closest we've ever
been people really don't have any idea
as to how bad it is and now the the u.s.
is preparing to put nuclear bombers back
on 24-hour alert like there's a lot of
creepy going on and it looks like
Trump is just I mean I don't know what's
holding him back actually I I I might
know what's holding him back there was
another report that said mattis is the
only one in the administration that's
saying whoa whoa whoa pump your brakes
let's not necessarily go to war yet so
it might just be only Madison the
administration and everybody else is
saying let's do what are we waiting for
let's attack North Korea so being that
that's
the case even though I think pence is a
war hawk he is even though I think he's
in neocon he is I don't know if pence
would have his finger on the button in
the same way that Donald Trump would
have his finger on the button when it
comes to North Korea and pence is not as
impulsive as Donald Trump is when it
comes to North Korea so yeah now it
appears to me that all things being
equal and understanding that pence might
even get through a more draconian agenda
through Congress and be more successful
at it that one issue is just it's
lingering and it's an issue that should
really keep you awake at night that
nobody's driving the ship and it is like
all the chest puffing you see on
Twitter and every every other day Trump
is threatening to attack North Korea
only one thing will work only there's
just like you only one thing will work
all the presidents have failed in North
Korea only one thing will work we've
tried for a while did it they haven't
listened only one thing will work well
what's that one thing he means war so
since that's the case man it's hard to
just sit by idly while you know a
president is letting you know that
they'll concoct some story and
do another offensive war and then what
happens when you do an offensive war
against North Korea I mean a bunch of
idiots on the far right and neo-cons who
might support this might think what
would you mean with just to beat them
and that's it no you launched on North
Korea North Korea immediately launches
on South Korea and Seoul hundreds of
thousands if not millions of people are
in danger in South Korea
not only that but they might have the
ability to reach a US territories like
Guam is another one so given that that's
the reality of it and given the Trump
appears to not really give a that's
a scary thing man an impeachment might
might be a legitimate option you know
now in terms of what issues you use
exactly to do it well that's where it
becomes a little more murky and one of
the things I don't like about
all the Democratic campaigns to try to
impeach Trump is that they it's almost
like they take a smorgasbord of reasons
and they just vaguely throw them at you
but like if you're gonna actually do
impeachment you can't just say hey
here's like four or five reasons that
kind of sort of maybe where he can maybe
be impeached you have to pick one and
actually get facts on those issues
actually get evidence to prove your case
and then bring it so in other words you
can't like he did in this thing like a
mentally unstable that's not it that's
not enough you can't just say I in my
opinion he's mentally unstable because
what the does that mean that any
Democratic president a Republican you
can say we think they're mentally
unstable and it's just like that
doesn't that's not a standard of proof
that makes sense
so you have to come correct if you're
gonna do this so I don't even think you
can necessarily use the issue of North
Korea as the you know the tool to
impeach even though that would be the
main driving reason in my mind behind
why you maybe should do it I think the
thing that you have the the best chance
of getting him on if they were to go
down this path is we're now a permanent
war state so according to the
Constitution the US the Congress needs
to approve war they need to approve war
and what's happened
post 9/11 in the era of the war on
terror is that we have sent troops
virtually everywhere and we do it under
the guise of oh don't worry it's okay
because that authorization for the use
of military force that was passed under
bush applies now even though many of the
places where we've sent troops are not
even going after al-qaeda like al-qaeda
was the original oh we have to get
terrorists terrorists meaning al Qaeda
cuz they attacked us on 9/11
well then al Qaeda kind of branched down
there like well also I guess the Taliban
cuz the Taliban is in is in Afghanistan
and then they've kind of shrugged and
went well I mean I guess we could just
add Isis onto that list without getting
a new authorization for use of military
force because Isis was a branch of al
Qaeda that broke off from al Qaeda so
it's still technically
under it but then they just keep it okay
al-shabaab okay Boko Haram okay any
 group that we don't like we say
you know what close enough we got the
authorization for use of military force
and they don't even care that we're now
in Iraq Afghanistan Syria Pakistan Yemen
Somalia Libya like all these different
countries it's not like we have an
authorization for the use of military
force for each one of those countries
which is what you would have to do under
the Constitution so what you could do is
you could say what the Donald
Trump's got troops every way he's got
troops everywhere we got him in
Niger the are they doing in Niger
that's what one just got killed there
and that's there's this big scandal
about how he's treating the the widow
and the Congress person who was there
for the phone call when he called this
poor woman who lost a loved one but I
mean the real scandal is what the
are we doing there what are we doing
there we just kind of like everybody's
axe I guess we're there what do you mean
we're there that's not the are we just
that you know far down the stream of
where an empire like it whatever
we are it's okay doesn't matter what the
 we are it's fine it's totally fine
we could be anywhere we want we're in
 the Congo Papua New Guinea who
gives a I'm gonna question it
doesn't even the media is not even
saying what our well to be fair there
are some people and we're gonna get to
that story a little bit later but
there's only question I've seen we have
this giant media apparatus in the u.s.
I've only seen one question of what are
we doing there so you can say hey you
don't have the ability Congress did not
approve military actions in all these
places so on that we're gonna impeach
you but guess what in order to use that
as your argument you're also indicted
Obama for example you know every
president well every president post bush
meaning Bush Obama and Trump I mean
that's what they do they say we could
just go anywhere we want because the war
on terror bro like that's their argument
so if you do that then what you're doing
is you that's a precedent I agree with
by the way to say hey you need to get
Congress to approve you to go to this
place in this place in this
place if you're so inclined to go there
but then you have to be objective and
stick to that standard and the next time
there's a Democratic president and they
try to continue you know the war on
terror and our empire and have troops
everywhere you need to say
now we're gonna impeach you and they're
not gonna do that and you know they're
not gonna do that because everybody
wants to sleep under Obama when he like
my thing for sleep sleep sleep because
he was doing the same in terms of
sending our troops everywhere and very
few people even batted an eyelash so ok
whatever we're in seven different places
it is what it is know that if not not it
is what it is that is an impeachable
offense because you did not go through
Congress as you're supposed to under the
Constitution for those things another
thing you could do you could say hey
he's Oh still he's president as the NSA
is still spying on everybody
unconstitutionally I mean we're talking
about something that is clearly a
violation of your protection from
unreasonable search and seizure a
violation of your right to privacy and
that still exists under Trump we got to
get rid of it but again then that's an
argument you should have also used
against Obama for impeach but then you
didn't but I think the one of the main
ones that there really is an ironclad
case is yes the emoluments clause
because that I mean Trump yes he's a
businessman
yes he's his own products are made in
like twelve different countries he does
business with twelve different countries
at least and there is a mountain of
evidence of corruption where you have
foreign governments giving him money
hoping to get favors in return I mean
just one example Trump opened up twelve
new businesses in Saudi Arabia during
the campaign and then lo and behold look
at that he approves a gigantic weapons
deal with Saudi Arabia now that he's
president furthermore Saudi Arabia and
Qatar they've they've paid trumps hotels
a ridiculous amount of money way more
than they actually spent when they
stayed in those hosts at those hotels
because they're using that as an avenue
where they say what do you mean no we're
just paying for the hotel but they're
really legal bribes so again Trump can
approve the weapons deal too
so that's a foreign government giving
him money through one of his businesses
under the guise of hey this is
legitimate business it's a legitimate
business it's a foreign
government paying you money and then you
turn around and you do favors for them
using US policy and giving them giant
weapons deals so and those go on and on
by the way there's a thousand examples
of Trump whether it's from South Korea
or Turkey or you name it favors being
done because of corruption
so he's pay to play corruption all day
long not just with corporations which of
course with that too but with foreign
governments and that violates the
embodiments Clause of the Constitution
so you can build a serious case based on
that but again point has to be made if
it was Hillary Clinton in office she
also violated the emoluments Clause from
 day one and nobody would have
been in favor on the Democratic side of
impeaching Hillary over violation of the
emoluments clause which she most
certainly did with the Clinton
Foundation and them taking money from
foreign governments and then doing
favors for those foreign governments so
but look at this point I'm curious to
see what you guys think because I used
to be on the side of you're just wasting
your time and wasting political capital
if you're trying to impeach Trump
because pence is gonna be just as bad as
he is
and he's probably gonna be even more
successful at getting these horrible
policies through so I wouldn't even
bother wasting time and effort spending
political capital for that reason when
you're supposed to save up your
political capital so that you know you
go after you can go for policies that
matter Medicare for all free college
living wage you can pressure the
out of the Republicans and said they
want to blow it on something like
impeachment when you're gonna get the
same kind of guy in office at the end of
it anyway so what's the point but now
because of the North Korea situation and
the fact that I literally believe
there's now over a 65% chance we're
gonna offensively attack North Korea now
because of that I think I don't know man
might we might have to by any means
necessary kind of you might have to
get this guy out of office so I don't
know man but then again there's also the
outside chance that pence would be just
a standoff
North Korea I mean I don't think that's
the case because you get the sense that
a lot of the escalation from Trump is
due to literally his personality and the
fact that he's so impulsive and that
when you know North Korea the North
Korean dictator Kim Jong hoon does the
we will rain fire down on America and
 whereas Obama blew it off and was
like okay because that guy's a
 net he's you know he's not gonna
offensively attack us that's a
ridiculous idea
that's something Obama knew that's
something Bill Clinton knew that's an
you know Trump I don't know if he knows
it or doesn't know it but I do know that
when he hears that he views that as like
a threat to his masculinity and a threat
to his fragile ass ego so then he fires
back like we will ray and fire and fury
down on you so it's a tin-pot dictator
talking to Trump and Trump in turn
reacts like a tin-pot dictator and yes
we're on the brink of war so if
that's the case and I think it is then
yeah maybe the peach mints necessary so
I don't know curious to see what you
guys think but I just want everybody to
understand how dangerous the threat
really is because we really are on the
brink of war and wolf a war with North
Korea would be a crime it would simply
be a crime
