Halla people we back how's everybody
doing I'm asking that expecting for you
to respond but nobody is there to
respond good good good good good
imagine like having to do this in front
of all the people that like like I just
showered and then I was gelling my hair
and I was like let me gel this [ __ ]
alright cuz there's some people watching
this [ __ ] but I am that's having to do
it in front of all these [ __ ]
yeah you kind of lose track of what you
like what's actually happening um I I
noticed that all the time when I when I
do my show it's like I'll just go
through the motions and my hair will be
[ __ ] up and let's be like alright you
got to go start the show but I don't
stop and go hold on now more people are
gonna see this than I've ever liked you
know mm-hmm whatever spoken in front of
in person ever by like eight times so
what why I do I not care enough it's
weird it's like we're not
psychologically evolved enough to grasp
it at all times you know what I mean
like you're right late if we were
sitting in front of an auditorium or
everybody who is gonna listen to this
we'd be like oh [ __ ] is my hair out of
place like that's nervous yeah we'd be
nervous we would try to look really good
and but since we're just used to doing
it like this we just don't think twice
about it yeah and that's why I like it
was mad funny when um I posted on
Twitter like someone was clowning me
they were like Coral coral looks like
his breath would stink first of all [ __ ]
whoever said that [ __ ] man cuz you're
probably right my [ __ ] is probably
usually stinking a lot but then like I
was thinking back to the one episode
where I were like so I try to get like
these hipster glasses this is whatever
it's I [ __ ] like I have one pair that
I'm okay with all they're like the
Malcolm X black yes but then there's
like a new trend and I like I was like I
could [ __ ] with that trend it was like
the clear frames yeah and um and I liked
them but like the pair that I got are
sort of a little suspect like they were
they were cheap I got them for like $50
sure so they don't look as good as some
of the people who are rocking the shit's
that look good so I had some like
Chinatown editions right and and like I
had them on on air the whole time and
before I was on air was like I rock
these shits
I was like partner whatever like it's
just me and Kyle talking but I didn't
read any of the comments or anything
like that but people were probably
clowning this [ __ ] I read some of them
oh yeah you know like that corner looks
like my grandmother and money but
they're just funny as [ __ ] but like if
someone had the balls to say that to me
in person if we were doing that [ __ ]
like public in person yeah I don't know
I feel like I'd take more offense to it
and be more insecure about I don't
really I don't think they even say it in
person person they wouldn't say it to
your face they wouldn't be like hey man
your glasses look like your grandma's
glasses they just wouldn't say anything
they'd just be thick you know they
wouldn't say anything and then later on
they'd say to like their girlfriend or
something like I don't like his glasses
don't they look like a grandma's glasses
or something yeah that's so true
but yeah like it's hard you know when
you're when people when people are
watching us it's you can't like take any
risks like even even just changing my
haircut slightly like my haircuts always
been kind of similar the whole time but
just changing it like a little bit
people are like what the [ __ ] is this
[ __ ] does haircuts [ __ ] and part
of it stems from they might actually not
like the haircut but the other part of
it stems from they don't like change
this has changed like if you change you
owe you change something no no no I
didn't [ __ ] sign up for you to change
some [ __ ] I click on your videos i watch
your videos don't try to throw a [ __ ]
curve ball at me and go and make it so
that you're not the Kyle that I
originally watch when I was watching
Kyle so don't try to change anything so
it's almost like they take it a little
bit personal like I don't know like what
are you doing why the formula was
working why are you trying to change it
and I could see that with like with the
with a platform or some [ __ ] like when
when Facebook or some [ __ ] tries to
switch it up OD I'm like yo why like
[ __ ] was work oh yeah that's the worst
is when they cuz they'll [ __ ] it up more
than half the time yep and some [ __ ]
where like you would always go to like
the top left to click on your
notifications now the [ __ ] will be like
a floating thing that pop and you just
like what the [ __ ] like now I gotta get
used to that and like plus whatever is
going on my life like this supposed to
be some [ __ ] that I'm just no it's yeah
it's complicated because they're making
those changes because they want to try
to stay relevant and be on the cutting
edge
be leading in whatever industry they're
in but at the same time everything's a
risk because if you change something you
risk taking away that thing that made it
good in the first place so and
Facebook's a great example that
Twitter's a great example that you know
I was how do you explain how do you
explain it sorry with like a human being
like someone wants to drastically like
you changing your hair or some [ __ ] like
I feel like that's okay oh it's
definitely okay but I'm just saying that
when people develop an intimate
relationship with you when you're in a
certain state if you change anything
it's like what the [ __ ] are you doing
like no it was okay before like you
shouldn't be switching it up on me when
I got used to you being like that like
that was the signature you look you know
what I mean but then the other thing is
given enough time people can look back
and go yeah that actually wasn't like a
big deal you know what I mean like
looking at my hair like oh they look
back is what it looked like and then
what it looks like now they might go oh
okay it what whatever it's it's whatever
it's this it's close enough and it is
what it is but at the time when you
change it it's like [ __ ] this and I feel
it too I'm not above it I'm not
describing it as like this is only other
people I feel that same [ __ ] sometimes
if you if you tweak something a little
bit I've [ __ ] went ballistic when when
Twitter changed it from 152 or what is
it 140 to 200 that's I mean that's a
[ __ ] big like that is going that is
changing what Twitter was though like I
could so I don't like it I don't like it
but I'm not I wasn't 100 percent correct
with how much I was against it like I'm
still against it like I wouldn't have
made the change but I thought it was
gonna make me literally not want to read
tweets anymore but it has yeah but it
hasn't but there is a line somewhere
right like they probably hit that exact
line of like if you go beyond this line
then you're everybody's writing like a
mini essays and who the [ __ ] wants to
read everybody's thoughts in a mini
essay yeah you know what I mean and I
don't know what's our second tired of
Facebook right yeah and I don't know
what percentage of the tweets that I
read are over the original character
limit cuz I don't think a lot of them
are
I think a lot of the people I follow are
very caught not that they think about
like oh I have to keep it under this
limit but they just do they just end up
doing it yeah I think the purpose of
Twitter I mean if you're trying to get
retweets or you're trying to get
whatever your goal is on Twitter I think
the less character is the better you
know yes your rule yes yeah like even
even jokes or something like that I feel
like if you can get it out in like a
shorter it's or anything it's with any
kind of communication it doesn't matter
what whether it's comedy whether it's
you know Twitter or what it doesn't
matter you even if it's like a legit
essay like tell me what you're trying to
tell me without fluff that's why
everybody's just like get to the point
you know like yeah I don't think it
always used to be like that either I
think there was a time when people
looked at the fluff as like a sign of
like high class or a sign of like
sophistication like oh the more flowery
words you put around the point you're
trying to make the more respectable it
is whereas now I think we're in the era
of the opposite where everybody kind of
agrees with us were and part of it
probably stems from we all have short
attention spans now because of the
internet like I definitely think our
attention spans have kind of regressed
because we really do get that instant
gratification and that happens with me
man like I'll notice at night I'll be
like on Twitter watching something on
YouTube on mute and then watching
something on TV with the sound on to him
and it's like I haven't three streams
going at all times and then literally
all you have to do is take away one of
them and I feel like I need that third
one so it's like I'm addicted to three
separate things at once and I'm getting
that constant flow of information and if
you tweak it just a little bit that
ruins the whole like system of
gratification their flight Twitter's
down or something and I'm just I got
this stream on YouTube and the thing um
it's like oh [ __ ] I'm not like I'm
missing something here so that's how
much we've like built up this need for
technology I think that I think that
only works with technology like the only
[ __ ] that
what can multi-task with is is that
situation like having the TV on having
your laptop open and scrolling through
your phone
but any other [ __ ] there's so many
things like when i park i gotta lower
the music i gotta like make sure like
I'm locked in paying attention to
barking I'm like if if I'm writing
something and my wife is like here you
can you um remember to go Bob I might
hold on like let me finish this [ __ ] any
other thing that involves one more than
one thing yeah I'm like I'm like no I
can't do it like it's too much of my
attention being drawn to some other [ __ ]
but you're right I could TV laptop phone
do you find it hard to focus on
non-technology [ __ ] cuz I do I find it
hard to focus on non-technology [ __ ] and
that might be because the technology or
it might not be because technology it
could just be how I am but like when I
read the articles for my show I have to
sometimes you're wrestling with your
consciousness you're like you gotta be
focused you gotta get through the like
I'll read half article and then boom I'm
back on Twitter it's like come on man
what are you doing buckle down read the
[ __ ] and read it right and highlight the
parts you need and copy and paste and
it's it's a it's a wrestling match I
mean some of that might be because it's
just the sheer number of the volume
articles I have to read but no I feel
like that happens from like the first
second third article is just like come
on [ __ ] focus read here he I think I
think Twitter and like the society we
live in now where everything is quick
quick quick tell it to me fast like you
know like [ __ ] us up because when I
was a kid I feel like I mean I didn't do
much reading but I would probably be
more prone to read through an article or
do some [ __ ] and not at first you know
jump be like how long is this article or
start thinking about when I could be
done with this [ __ ] but now when I see
an article I'll scroll first to see all
right that's doable and then like I'll
and then I'll read it you some there's
some [ __ ] articles that like you
[ __ ] scroll for every ranch and I'm
just like ditch this is unnecessary
these comes New York Times articles do
you do [ __ ] like that yeah you click on
it and it's like they start out like
it was a warm summer day in July and
you're like nope this one's not making
the cut like you're not you're trying to
sometimes they try to do that they try
to take a personal story and then like
weave it into a story about something
that's a broader issue and I'm and I'm
like no I don't I don't jive with those
kinds of articles I know again that used
to be the thing you had to do in fact
they used to tell politicians to do that
used to tell politicians you have to
make it you have to bring it down to
earth for people so you have to make it
about an individual and that's why you'd
hear in political speeches like in Iowa
I met a man named Ted yeah and they
would say [ __ ] like that and back in the
day that was like oh he's good he just
brought up Ted like he's telling us
about Ted today somebody does that and
it's me like next shut the [ __ ] up but
they all still do that [ __ ] cuz we know
you don't care about Ted like we know
you don't care about Ted you're [ __ ]
rich person in Washington DC you know
running for office don't lie to me and
tell me you care about say you don't
care about tell you don't know Ted you
don't care about Ted but if you have a
position on the actual policy issues
tell me what that position is that we're
interested in so in other words we're
interested in the macro picture not the
micro picture or at least that's the
trend and that's certainly the case for
me so whenever I see one of those
articles where it starts like that like
you know or it starts to immediately
tell about somebody's job or whatever
I'm like no tell me what the meat of
what you're trying to tell me yeah I
mean and so New York Times is shitty
like that
the intercept has a lot of good articles
but sometimes they'll hit you with one
of the longer articles and I'm just like
oh there was I mean every now and then
there's a payoff though one time I
pretty recently probably within the past
six months I did an article that was in
I think it was either New York Times or
Washington Post or something it was
about a guy and his insane experience on
living under US drones he was a US
citizen then he moved back to where he
he was originally from which is Iraq or
I think it was Iraq and drone them ended
up killing his family and then he tried
to come back and get [ __ ] but but
that was a long-ass article and it was
one of the rare times I read through the
whole thing and I was like damn this was
good but even then it was like when I
got halfway through she was a long
article I was like oh
wrap it up a little bit even though this
is interesting you know what I mean yeah
yeah that's why this shorter I agree
with you the shorter ones are like you
know they they capture my attention and
usually they just have the relevant
information in there and they you don't
need anything else and you I mean you're
forced to just get all your [ __ ] like
meat and potatoes in that article if
it's some shorter [ __ ] so it's like give
me everything that I that's why in
[ __ ] high school just be so pointless
to have these articles that were
mandatory like in college it got worse
but in high school would be like six
pages long
like like Rome area when they tell you
you have to write an essay and you have
to go you have to make it six pages
there's got to be XML worse you'd be
like requirement six to eight pages like
seven thousand blah blah blah words
meanwhile you're like I can tell you
what I want to tell you in a page
exactly and then college it was worse
you would have to do like twenty page
papers and forty page like whatever
just nonsense cuz it's just like the
teacher doesn't want to read that [ __ ] I
don't want to write that [ __ ] I'm gonna
end up putting a whole bunch of [ __ ]
in there that is just [ __ ] because
I'm trying to meet your [ __ ] I'm
trying to meet your standard if you had
the opportunity to go to trade school
would you have gone to trade school
instead of school school so would you
have like picked a career at let's say
for argument's sake at age 19 or 20 and
then went to school for that particular
trade and then basically gotten like a
guaranteed apprenticeship and then a
guaranteed job where you'll make let's
say 90,000 I don't think so I still
think the the mix of everything is good
you know like just just interacting with
someone who's a whatever like a Spanish
major some [ __ ] or someone who's you
know psychology major and I'm marketing
or something like that
just having that mix whereas if every
it's almost like a utopia if you're
going to some school that everybody's
doing the same [ __ ] and wants to do the
same [ __ ] because eventually you're all
gonna start clashing you're all gonna be
like going for the same jobs and you're
gonna start competing with each other
whereas you know when there's people
doing everything you could find you a
little niche like I got I would get away
from my [ __ ] Education Department
today they're all [ __ ] math you nerds
you know like yeah the way it works in
Germany they give people a choice they
say you could
school or you can go to college or you
can go to trade school and you could
like learn a trade and then those people
usually and kitten pretty decent jobs
right get out but you know you have to
pick something at a relatively young age
but again that's like a do slightly
different way of doing it we're here
it's almost like with what we have it's
almost like a free-for-all because it's
like when she once you graduate in most
cases you're just on your own hell yeah
you know what I mean like I remember the
feeling right when I graduated college
and it was like okay what's the next
step pitch there is no next step now
it's on you know it's like well what do
you mean now it's on me that's that's
ridiculous I've been through a structure
this whole pulpit this whole way up and
then now you're just gonna let me loose
like no you don't off the diving board
you didn't even prep me for not having
structure you gave me a structure and
now I'm out of the structure well then
how did me being in a structure prep me
for not having a structure yeah it was
just weird I was like wow this is crazy
and then you know like I felt
immediately like oh my college doesn't
give a [ __ ] about me now I'm out the
door
don't care I don't give a [ __ ] but I
would it's dead it is different with
Taco Bell commercial it is different
with with like trade schools though like
you that the whole point is to prep you
for an actual career inside yeah so I
think we should have that option here
I think it's right it's not a bad thing
to look at I just I agree I mean some
parents have to there should be courses
that are just like like the next five
years and not just assume that when you
graduate everybody gets a job because
that's not how that [ __ ] works you know
oh of course not in fact we graduated
into one of the shittiest economies
since the Great Depression yeah so and I
mean like there's parents I think are
starting to change their mindset now
where they're understanding like kids
are coming out and they still need like
another [ __ ] grace period of like
three to five years to still do some
[ __ ] job or live at home and do
whatever the [ __ ] they got to do all I
mean our generation we are the
generation took a long time to get out
