okay I think we're lives this is my
first time live-streaming like this so
bear with me because I'm going to try to
like do like super chat questions and
stuff but I'm not exactly sure how to do
it oh [ __ ] I see all you guys already on
the side wow you got here fast
what does [ __ ] so I want to answer some
super chat questions I don't know
exactly how to do the super chat thing
like I guess you'll do the super chat
questions they pop up I answer them but
I don't know a lot like I'm afraid of
missing one you know what I mean like I
don't know if there's a specific section
where it all pops up but if there is I'd
like to find it and preferably I don't
want to see my own face because that
gets kind of weird but holy [ __ ] the
chats already out of control so as I
talk to you guys I'm going to see if I
could find the super chats that's not
the way to go
alright whatever I can't find it if if
somehow I managed to already 413 people
watch it holy [ __ ] that's crazy this is
so bizarre and kind of cool at the same
time if I somehow stumble across the
super chat questions I will answer them
if I can't find them well that just
sucks for everybody and you're gonna
have to listen to me run my mouth
without answering your questions I like
how it looks like you guys are about to
blow
me that's what it looks like I'm looking
at my picture on the screen and talking
and it looks like your head is by my
crotch and you're about to blow me all
436 of you hmm
okay so a few things I wanted to talk
about a live control room maybe that's
how I could see the super chat questions
let's see No
just live chat okay what would it take
out your dick for the right price this
dick will be all up on your screen there
you go Courtney Haines do you see this I
do see it Thank You Courtney Courtney do
you send me two bucks appreciate that
so I guess I do but I'm afraid of like
so Courtney that's just like went right
past and I saw it but if I'm not looking
at the chat every second I'm gonna miss
it
am I missing something about super chats
that other people know that I don't know
cuz I'm going to get well whatever I
like all the dick emojis that are being
Kyle can you do super Shaq questions yes
I'm trying
I'll expand asks Kyle can you do super
chat so I'm trying to do but I don't
know what the [ __ ] I'm doing so that's
why I'm just like I seem lost to you
people is your dick cute Kyle I'm not
complaining I mean dicks in general
aren't cute okay here we go so there's a
super chat if Ike oh yeah okay I guess
it just pops up right here hey Kyle
you're my favorite lesbian Thank You
Bailey when will you do a live stream
with sargon of akkad
again my favorite anime crossover I
don't know what Adam a with that last
part means but Sargon and I have
probably done like four or five hangouts
where we we talked about a lot of stuff
so you can go check those out there's
a lot of them some on his channel some
on my channel you know I for the longest
time I would have said Sargon really got
a bad rap from people because a lot of
people kind of tarred him as being like
all right and I always kind of defended
him and said no when you talk to him he
says like he's for universal health care
is for a living wage he's for ending the
wars and stuff but I do think I mean you
asked him but I do think that in recent
times he has shifted more right-wing
like I think he's done a lot of
defending of President Trump which I
find pretty much unconscionable and I
don't know how a guy as smart as him can
do that but again you ask him and see
where he describes himself politically
but in my mind he seemingly has shifted
to the right you know in the past few
months or whatever but he's still a nice
guy we've been friendly with each other
all throughout okay let's see I got some
more super chat questions here I want to
talk about some other stuff too and I'll
get to that but I will do your your
super chat questions as much as possible
Kyle have you ever been approached by
fans in real life if so how do you feel
about it yes I have it's a little weird
at first but then it's you know it's
it's cool I guess you just have to like
digest the fact that there are gonna be
people who talk to you who they
basically know you already and they're
like your friend already but you don't
know them so it's a little bit of a
weird dynamic early on but as soon as
you digest the fact that these people
are basically like your friends and you
just don't know them yet then it's you
know it's a much easier thing to digest
and by the way thanks everybody for for
doing the super chat stuff I really
appreciate that day neurosis Unum as the
last one oh [ __ ] I just missed one of
the super chats guys I'm sorry somebody
uh ROFL gator just sent ten bucks thank
you okay so while you guys like let the
Souper chat roll in and stuff I will
talk about some other
stuff that I wanted to get to today so
first of all let's talk a little bit
about the Republicans having to lie to
pass their tax bill I saw Paul Ryan did
a speech on the House floor where he's
like you know talking about how it's
time to give the people back their money
and there's no way to describe that it's
have to complete another lie I mean
that's what it is according to the
Congressional Budget Office everybody
who makes $75,000 a year or less will
see a tax increase within the next
decade so when they say oh this is for
regular people this is for working
people that's just a flat-out lie and
what annoys me is that the Democrats
seem pretty ineffectual and just
rejecting that and and you know
basically saying you're wrong and I'm
not gonna let you get away with that and
I think they should I think they should
make that like a big part of fighting
back against this tax bill now it looks
like it's gonna pass it already passed
the house it's supposed to be up in the
Senate tonight but apparently asked to
go back to the house and they have to
revote on it because of some obscure
provision about how if it adds more than
1.5 trillion dollars to the deficit
which this will by the way you have to
have a yeah they have to revote on it
because they had to tweak something I
guess I don't know but Bernie's trying
to make that stick where apparently you
would need 60 votes in the Senate to get
it passed which they don't have which
would be amazing if somehow they got
that to stick but the idea is if you add
more than 1.5 trillion dollars to the
deficit in a piece of legislation you
need a supermajority to get it through
but it's amazing how every time any
Republican sells this they have to lie
and that really gets under my skin and
it's really frustrating because it's
almost like they overwhelm you with
[ __ ] so much and they say so many
things that are not true that the
Democrats let a lot of untrue things
just slide but that would be thing
number one where I'd say no I'm not
gonna let them get away with this and
say that this bill is good for regular
people when it raises taxes on regular
people have
the country makes $30,000 a year or less
so if you're talking about raising taxes
on people that make seventy five
thousand dollars a year or less
you're talking about the overwhelming
majority of the American people and you
see that strategy to the strategy of
lying to get [ __ ] done you saw that with
Ajit PI - he was just another clear
example of this where everything he
argued was like no no I'm the one who's
in favor of net neutrality and you know
everybody who's against me is not in
favor of net neutrality and of course
that's total [ __ ] because as you all
know I don't need to explain it to you
guys but the ISPs the Internet service
providers now can slow down speed to
websites that they don't like and that's
[ __ ] crazy that's crazy they can they
can basically try to take money what's
the word extortion is it extort money
extract money whatever the [ __ ] the word
is they can basically try to take money
they demand like a bribe hold them for
ransom and say hey if you want to be
part of this better package well then
you know you got to pay us X amount per
year and basically the way we roll
Khanna explains it the the way the
Internet's gonna work with in the coming
years now because of the destruction and
their neutrality it's gonna be more like
cable which is a crazy thought because
you know you have to buy different
packages for cable oh I want the sports
package okay I want HBO I want Showtime
I want and think about that for the
internet like oh no I guess I can't
afford the package that has Twitter but
I guess I'll get the one that has
Facebook like that's what can happen now
as a result of this and so since nobody
would be in favor of that you can't win
an argument and win a popularity contest
pushing for that idea Hajjah podge his
lies and he's like no I'm in favor of
net neutrality even though I'm the one
destroying that neutrality so it's a
really pathetic situation where one of
the two political parties has to
flat-out lie to get everything they want
past and it's so disingenuous that you
can't even regular people have a hard
time debating it and you see a lot of
people duped by the misinformation on
and the media doesn't do a good job
breaking it down and it just basically
you poison the well you ruin the debate
because half the debate they're just
being disingenuous liars and I always
like to try to not assume bad intent
like I try to give people the benefit of
the doubt and you know say hey if
there's another explanation other than
lying like maybe they just don't know
maybe they're just wrong and you know
they read something that was convincing
even though it wasn't true but with guys
like Paul Ryan and Ajith PI you know
they're [ __ ] lying they're lying and
they know they're lying so that was one
of the things that I wanted to bring up
another thing let's check in real quick
on the super chat okay I don't see any
more super shots well do i if I click
this thing manage moderators
participants pop-out chat toggle toggle
timestamps hmm I just want to make sure
that if you guys hit me with super chats
I see them all I don't want to miss any
I know you identify as a social democrat
how do you feel about politicians who
are further to the left like Jeremy
Corbyn or the Socialists in Seattle
that's a great question Keith Martinez
asked that question so I actually like
it when there are politicians to the
left of me because you're never gonna
get everything you want anyway like
you're never gonna get everything you
want if you're Jeremy Corbyn or if
you're Kshama Sawant who you're talking
about Keith in Seattle
that's a politician in Seattle who's a
socialist since they're never gonna get
everything they want what's good about
having people to the left of me elected
is that they frame the debate and they
argue for a further left-wing position
and then maybe the negotiation position
you know the compromise position becomes
what I prefer so in other words if you
have a right winger and then you have
the left being people who are like
Kshama Sawant or Jeremy Corbyn to the
left of me where they're probably like
post-capitalist I would say although I'm
not sure they'd have to tell you exactly
what they believe but I know they're to
the left to me but okay so maybe the
compromise position becomes the on I
don't know you pick an issue
vacation time you have them one of them
arguing for two months off a paid
vacation every year the conservative
position is go [ __ ] yourself no time off
and then the compromise mission becomes
a month off everybody get some month off
per year so that's why I think it's good
to support people politicians to the
left of you because they're never going
to get everything they want anyway and
they'll fight for those further left
positions and then maybe the compromise
position ends up being a Social
Democratic position which is where I
fancy myself that was a great question
Keith mister slug King take my money you
big Seltzer sellout Thank You mr. slug
King by the way Keith and mr. slug King
donated five dollars there thanks guys
while more of these roll in I'm gonna
talk about a few other things that I
wanted to bring up so Jill Stein Jill
Stein is being investigated in the and
by the way for those of you I don't know
if the lighting on my face is changing
or whatever but I literally have on WWE
in the background right now Smackdown I
don't know but I don't know how many of
you were WWE fans but for those of you
who are curious if you like Smackdown or
Raw better I think I like Smackdown
better you know I'm old school I
remember the days when it was Mondays
and Thursdays you had Raw on Monday
Smackdown on Thursday but apparently
people were saying that like it was
never alive on Thursday they always
recorded it on Tuesday and released it
on Thursday which is why now they do
Monday and Tuesday I don't know I like
I'm old-fashioned I like it the Monday
and Thursday split and I like it it
would be cool if they did Monday live
and then Thursday live but I guess they
can for logistical reasons that would be
my guess but I'm not a hundred percent
sure anyway that's one song in the
background so if you see my face
changing because of the lighting it's
because there's stuff going on on the
screen that's right behind me where was
I Jill Stein okay so Jill Stein is being
investigated in the in the whole Russia
thing that's going on right now I think
it was a Republican who lumped her in as
part of this uh-huh
at least that's what I read I'm not sure
which Republican it was but it was a
Republican who decided oh we
to investigate Jill Stein because of
Russia now I'm struggling to figure out
what even theoretically they're trying
to argue about Jill Stein like so what
exactly are you saying
are you saying that she got in the race
because Vladimir Putin wanted her to get
into the race to be a spoiler to make
Donald Trump win is that the argument
genuinely don't know I'm asking because
that sounds so utterly ridiculous that
it it's [ __ ] laughable because first
of all which establishment pundit didn't
think that Hillary was gonna win in a
landslide that was like the the
mainstream position was Hillary's gonna
win in a landslide I don't even know why
we're concerned about this my guess
would be that you know a guy like a guy
like Putin probably thought the same
thing so but so what's he gonna do oh
just in case it's close let me run let
me you know back a third party candidate
will happen apparently he did a pretty
shitty job cuz Jill Stein God what less
than 1% of the vote or something like
that so I like what are they doing man
and when so they point to this dinner
that she had it she was at some event
Aarti event and Vladimir Putin was the
keynote speaker at this arty event and
Michael Flynn was seated at the table I
think with Vladimir Putin and Jill Stein
was there too now Jill Stein went on a
podcast that the intercept does and with
Jeremy Scahill
and she explained everything about that
day she's like okay so I was at this
event for RT she literally went into so
much detail as to explain what she ate
at that event
she said Vladimir Putin said absolutely
nothing to her there was a language
barrier they don't [ __ ] speak the
same language
so what happened was all he did was he
went around the table and shook people's
hands she said the most in-depth
conversation she had that night was with
somebody who was from the German
government or something like that or
somebody who formerly worked for the
German government so what exactly is
claim that's being made here in this
Russia investigation that there's some
sort of [ __ ] corrupt dealings going
on behind the scene between Jill Stein
and Putin or Putin wanted Jill Stein to
throw the election in order to give it
to Donald Trump I and it's stunning that
people there are many people who get mad
if you call the current climate
McCarthyism you know there was this
amazing in fact I'm gonna pull it up now
Glenn Greenwald wrote a great article
where he spoke about all the mistakes
that the media has been making recently
in the Russia thing and he's basically
saying look they're not mistakes they're
they're likely on purpose because all
the mistakes are made in the same
direction and it's always to try to make
it seem like the Russia thing is like
huge and oh my god the bombshells right
around the corner and oh my god this is
the bombshell oh my god collusion has
been proven but then they had to retract
a whole bunch of stories because they
keep [ __ ] [ __ ] up okay I typed Glenn
Glenn Wald Glenn Greenwald media
yeah US media so the title of the
article is the US media suffered its
most humiliating debacle and ages and
now refuses all transparency over what
happened and in this article he
describes so he gets into the the
WikiLeaks thing how I think it was CNN
who was like oh my god we proved
collusion between the Trump and the
Russians because Donald Trump jr. got
the DNC emails from WikiLeaks before
they even released them to the public so
there it is there's the collusion
because they say WikiLeaks is a tool of
the Russian government not true and they
say oh my god WikiLeaks colluded with
Donald Trump jr. so therefore the Trump
campaign colluded with Russia well it
turns out no it wasn't WikiLeaks that
sent him those emails it was some random
person who they don't even know who it
is
from some random email they sent it to
Donald Trump jr. and it was after the
WikiLeaks emails have been released they
[ __ ] up the date on the email they
said it was September 4th in reality was
September 14th so and the mistakes are
always in the same direction that's the
thing that seems like really nefarious
about this but he provides a list in
this article of just some of the stories
that were like oh my god bombshell on
the Russia thing that had to be
retracted so Russia hacked into the US
electric grid to deprive Americans of
heat during winter by the way reading
that headline alone you should be like
really that's what that's what [ __ ]
Vladimir Putin spending his time doing
let me hack into the US electric grid
what an anonymous group proper not
documented how major US political sites
our Kremlin agents that turned out to be
[ __ ] WikiLeaks has a long documented
relationship with Putin that was
[ __ ] these are all the ones that are
the ones that were admitted where they
were like yeah we [ __ ] all that up
there's a secret server between Trump
and a Russian bank that has been
discovered not true Artie hacked c-span
and caused disruption in this broadcast
not true Russians hacked into a
Ukrainian artillery app Russians
attempted to hack election systems in 21
states links have been found between
Trump Ally Anthony scaramouche II and a
Russian investment fund under
investigation so those are just the ones
that they had to like retract or fix and
