Halla everybody I'm just showing him get
taken off the court right now in a
stretcher me and corn are watching
opening night for the NBA and was his
name's Brandon Hayward right Gordon
Gordon Hayward yeah okay well that guy
just got his [ __ ] rocked OD and first
off no one should name their son Gordon
my friend texted me and told me it
looked like Sid Vicious back in the day
in WWF when he snapped his leg jumping
off the top rope trying to like kick I
remember that yeah his leg was like it
turned into the [ __ ] spaghetti dude
it was just yeah it was right disgusting
is that what happened here looked
exactly like that it was bad man but
he's face on the court was like they
have um there's an account
do you know barstool I do yeah so I
follow them on Instagram and they were
like we're not going to show you what
happened but like they they did the
video right above Gordon and like just
the reaction of the Cavs bench this [ __ ]
just like cleared people were just like
oh like everybody's face was like ah and
what happened I heard LeBron was
involved in the play right no no I think
I didn't really see the play I sort of
um just watched the injury which was
weird
um I think he went up for an alley-oop
or something and just came down from
like high off the ground like it just
landed bad and his leg just went in
every which direction
could you imagine waiting all season
excited to get out there and then that
happens
I can't ma'am it's it was bad do it like
it's just like and like I can't watch
that squirmy [ __ ] like that like I don't
mind it but something about that I can't
watch it
it seems so fake that for me I almost
could I watched it because it's it
doesn't seem real like I'm looking at it
like alright no one's like supposed to
look like that so I can I can I'm
looking at it I can't do it I can't
watch it I could stomach it maybe in a
movie where I know it's fake but in real
life no I can't see it I know but to me
it's just it like it is real it's really
really really like is OD broken yeah but
it's just gonna you think
no no never broken Issei that's why I
have well and you just know the feeling
of like that so when you look at
something and it's out of place you're
like oh in a way I almost feel like it's
it's better to to break your [ __ ] like
that and have it heal then like tear
your ACL and MCL and all that stuff well
I don't know apparently that's one of
the worse to get over right if you like
an Achilles or torn Achilles well yeah
torn but like a break if it's a clean
break it can it can heal better than
like some some tear or something like
that or yeah a muscle tear is harder to
you than a bone snap or whatever like
they say when you sprain your ankle
really bad it's almost it almost would
be better if you broke her ankle cuz
like the spraining is just it's just
lingering around forever and ever I
didn't know that but that does that's
crazy I mean there's no science behind
that oh I thought there I thought there
was science behind maybe like the torn
like a ligament or something is really
hard to like they have to go in and
surgically repair something doesn't heal
itself
mm-hmm like I know with a bone you you
set it you put the casts on it and it'll
heal
yeah but I don't think that's some
things need to be surgically repaired
they can't like they don't heal on their
own yeah I mean I don't know what it is
I don't know if it's a ligament or
something like that but people have had
like knee injuries and like Achilles
injuries and [ __ ] and like you need to
like and like back injuries act like
fuse plates together and [ __ ] yeah back
surgery I heard is the worst yeah cuz
it's hard to recover from it people yeah
all you everybody knows like the old man
with the bad back like that's a [ __ ]
every there's so many of them yeah just
dudes real like yeah hurt my back in 89
and [ __ ] you know ever since then
they just it just doesn't look the same
or feel the same but all the like strain
we put on her back now like when we when
I'm shoveling the driveway or something
like that and I'm fine it just like
picking up mad snow and then just like
throwing it off to the side like I think
of like my dad who's got a bad back now
[ __ ]
yeah but like when he was my age he was
probably beats in that [ __ ] too yeah
it's just
age man your body just like slowly falls
apart it's just crazy songs to think
that like I can do all that now and it's
like I'll shovel my
driveway and layman are gonna be reading
and you can't not even a tea but like
year 65 or something just like in a lot
of pain because all of the [ __ ]
shoveling I did when I was younger
this is weighing on me now I always
think a trump when we talk about these
things because says he's 71 and
overweight and he's still like limping
around I mean for 71 like he doesn't
look like old old I said the same thing
I don't think he looks like he's 71 but
I think a lot of that has to do with
number one actually the orange color of
his face everybody makes fun of it but
like that makes it look like radiant
like it makes him look more alive there
are yeah you look more health like it
was like a vibrant color yeah so people
are let's be healthy or whatever and
then the hair the the the blonde hair
that's an old white man trick when you
hit a certain age and your shoes are
definitely gonna be white and you can't
keep dying at Brown because it'll look
too fake you die alike like blonde and
you're like what do you mean like you
know like and people will look at it at
first glance from a far away it'll be
like is this is hair white or is it
there's a blonde then you get closer
like oh it's blonde and he just doesn't
look horrible because I mean his hair
looks horrible night I don't think this
is a color thing I think cuz of the
[ __ ] way it's well there was a black
again someone did a segment on it one
time that like there was a there was
some special hair treatment something
that was like station to floor below I'm
in the Trump Towers that they thought he
was getting like these hair plug
treatments or something like that cuz
like it was some illegal [ __ ] that the
guy was doing and like it was like
stringing hair together and and somehow
like Trump's hair looks exactly like
what the guy was doing and he was like
in his building
did you see during the campaign when he
like had a woman on stage and he was
like pull my hair go ahead feel it
doesn't feel bad right it feels because
he knows like people make fun of it or
someone Jimmy Fallon did that corny ass
oh god and that pictures going down a
history of like him laughing with Trump
and pulling his [ __ ] hair but I want
to get back to the injuries what's the
worst injury you ever had um I'd
probably just say like a like a bad
sprained ankle
really that's yeah he man you're lucky
you escaped childhood without you
weren't an accident-prone kid I guess I
was accident-prone kid but most people
have spoke
into happy but I don't really do crazy
[ __ ] like it no but you play sports yeah
that's all it takes right there I'll
give you a few examples I'll give you a
few stories of people who we know who
and I could say I won't say the last
name but one of them's Andrew a kid
Andrew you probably the first one you
think of is the one that I'm talking
about I'm thinking of like Andrew
Jackson though he went to high school
after the genocide he went to art school
and he was like hey guys so anyway that
that kid he was on our soccer our soccer
team when I was a kid and he was a beast
and he was like the number one scorer on
the team and there's one day when he was
we were going to like practice or a game
or something and he went to go shut the
door he was grabbing something out of
the car and then he shut the door with
one hand and his other hand was still in
the car
and he just broke his hand she was like
oh you were there for it I was there
when it happened but they just
immediately rushed him to the hospital
oh my god yeah
it was [ __ ] creme burr that and he
had a cast on I remember him having a
cast song for a while and then the
things that happened to me I think I've
told some of these stories before on the
podcast but I'll tell you again our
friend my friend Mike and your friend
Mike when me and him were kids we were
like best friends and we would hang out
all the time and we used to play hockey
like in my basement we would like run
around and [ __ ] shoot little hockey
ball roller hockey ball around in the
basement and he he took the stick back
on one point and just I don't know if it
was my writer or I or my left eye they
did a good job doing the the stitches
cuz you can't even see it now you could
barely see it now but hit the corner of
the stick hit my eye hit the side of my
eye and let the huge gash and then they
had to do stitches and the doctor said
if it was like an inch closer to my eye
that I would be like blind in one eye
it would imagine you have to go through
your whole life with a patch on your eye
or with the [ __ ] fake eye yeah what
your whole life would be so different Oh
totally is even though like you'd be the
same person people would just be like
that dude as a glass eye yeah I don't
know I don't know if I'd be the same
person because I feel like you probably
wouldn't be as confident um yeah I feel
but I feel like I'm I'm very I'm
perceptive of how people are perceiving
me like I can tap into what I think
you're thinking in a social situation
and if I get the feeling that like I'm
putting people off simply by me being
there
I just won't want to be anywhere else
really you know what you guys are kind
of right like you know and I'd feel like
you said I'd lose a lot of confidence
and and all that stuff I would just be
totally different that's a good trait to
have that that sense of like when you're
having a conversation worse man some
really curse yeah and I'll give you it's
funny you mention X I was gonna tell the
story today on the podcast anyway that
relates to this so somebody had to come
and take care like you know whatever the
heater the AC for me and just to get it
like prep for the winter or whatever and
to do I know the dude he's a nice
student stuff but he's like a big-time
Republican like I could tell from little
things he had said here and there
whatever and he knows what I do but he's
never checked it out so he doesn't know
like everything I think or whatever so
what extent yeah yeah but like I always
in a situation like that since I just
want it to be over like let's get it
over with whatever you you know you got
to take care of you do your thing
here's the money we're done here you
know like I just don't I don't want to
make it I don't want to argue I don't
want anything weird to have it sounds
like air-conditioned prostitutes and
then he sucked my dick numb kid so
anyway he started like talking a little
bit at one point about something
political and I just tried it like I
hate feeling in any way like a sellout
or like I'm betraying myself or my
values and stuff yeah but like I just
wanted the [ __ ] exchange to end so he
was like he's like yeah NFL huh
I'm like yeah yeah NFL man who's your
team he's like I don't even really watch
yeah I'm like I'm like yeah I don't I
don't either man and he's like yeah yeah
but you know now I won't even watch even
more like if I turn off I flip through
it on the station I won't even stay
there for three seconds I'll go as fast
as I can so that I don't count as a
viewer for their thing and I was like oh
yeah yeah man I hear you
and then I was like referring to it
negatively because of like Ealing [ __ ]
because of the problem and I wasn't
about to be like well you know what man
that's like free expression and what
they're doing is they're protesting
police brutality and whether or not you
agree with them this is America and they
have a right to yada yada ya I wasn't
gonna get into I want to get into it so
I was just like yeah yeah yeah and if
there were like four or five different
things like that they were like he would
sprinkle it into the conversation and
you know like we were talking he we were
talking about I think Harvey Weinstein
and then he was like you know yeah
Hollywood's exposed you know like all
these people who were big-time antitrump
and then you see that they were doing
like sexist you know sexual assault and
stuff and I was like oh yeah man like
the first thing that popped in my mind
when he said that was I wanted to be
like Bill O'Reilly Roger Ailes [ __ ]
every man on fox news like who are you
kidding
Donald Trump himself like you're saying
anti Trump Donald Trump himself grab him
by the [ __ ] I don't even wait but I was
like you know I don't want to deal with
it I don't want to deal with it so I was
just like yeah yeah anyway I was like
change the topic and stuff and but
anyway my point is that's I hate I
almost end times like that I hate that
quality that I have where I'm perceptive
to what other people think of me
because at a time like that if I didn't
have that I would just be like nah man
no like Kaepernick's right next question
you know what I mean yeah but then that
leads to a fight or like that's my point
and I wanted to get whatever I wanted to
get it over with like okay look you're
here to do X Y & Z uh you know I am a
paying customer here let's go through
this boom boom we're done here
like I wanted it to be over but still
somebody who was less perceptive who had
a lower ability to sense how others are
thinking or feeling emotionally they
would just be like they might have been
like nigh disagree and then still kind
of kept it moving you know what I mean
yeah I guess it's more so on that guy
for not picking up the cues it's like
hey this like this guy doesn't want to
talk to me let me just do my job and get
the [ __ ] out of here yeah it's not that
anyone I talked to him I didn't want to
talk about that [ __ ] oh you know like I
didn't want to talk about that [ __ ]
don't give me don't ya that's not get
into politics you know
especially when he's gonna I'm gonna
disagree with him on everything like I
remember he had to do do a job when like
right I think it was a day or two after
Trump gave his speech to the RNC and he
was like would you think of Trump speech
and I'm like I was like well it was
different
yeah I said something like that right
something like that you can't assign a
thing to it and he's like he's like I
think it was one of the best speeches
ever given by any president ever change
man and you you wonder like how does
Trump helping that [ __ ] guy you know
like he's not yeah he's probably losing
his health insurance because of Trump
but he's just [ __ ] worships him yeah
there's no way that he is actually
helping that guy he's probably hurting
him in so many ways by the way that I'm
mad at myself today because I was trying
to keep with our tradition and have my
sour gummy worms before I came on air
yeah but I was like I was full and then
I was like I'm not gonna do it let me
just not do it because I don't feel
better I won't eat that [ __ ] and I'll
feel better later and then as the time
got closer and closer to us doing the
podcast I saw on Twitter somebody like I
thought it was like a sign man I don't
believe in that [ __ ] at all but somebody
had tweeted a picture like gummy worms
or gummy bears and I was like oh you
[ __ ] so I was like that's it
that's my sign to go do it but then I
looked at the clock and the spot right
near me was closed and I was like oh so
you sort of wanted them more yeah
exactly so last minute I was like well
this is terrible because I was like
picturing sitting here talking to you
chewing on a gun a gummy worm every now
and then that's why I got these joints
right here skis they're not my favorite
I know I know but this is what we have
in our Halloween basket whatever's there
you're probably in so many [ __ ] Kit
Kats and Reese's and [ __ ] skittles
edge we can't come soon enough because
I'm going through like the whole [ __ ]
like Bowl my wife got mad at me she's
like I listened to the podcast last week
and like you were chewing your candy and
it was so disgusting like I'm sorry if
I'm doing that pisses people off out
there
thank you today she she texts me on my
drive home we usually get a we usually
get home around the same time she was
like I'm stopped to the gas station and
I can't my car's not starting when I was
like five minutes away the gas stations
like two minutes from my house I was
like I'll be right there thinking like I
don't know what the [ __ ] I'm gonna do
like I don't know how to fix that [ __ ]
and Satan to your point I had first
assumed it was like her battery and then
like some commercial came on my car like
as that was happening was like like
phone battery or something like said the
word battery and I was like it's deaf
yeah remember the other day when I said
to you like I want Wendy's and then you
just text me a picture of a bag of
Wendy's and you had just eaten Wendy's
house that [ __ ] and I was like that's
another sign but then I didn't get into
Wendy's no I asked I was like what are
you gonna do you're like nothing I'm too
lazy to move man I'm not getting that
even though I want it badly so son I go
to the gas station my weight off your
story my bad no she's parked at the
putting air in her tire cuz she hurt one
of her tires gets low and she was like I
pushed this like button which it usually
is to start the car and usually turns
green and it's orange so I looked down
at her shifter and she's in Drive but
the car is all so that's why it wasn't
starting so like she'd been waiting for
like him or and I was just like put it
in park Oh
[Music]
remember from that's so funny remember
from back in the day I would I would be
driving and our friend Jimmy would just
throw the [ __ ] neutral without me
knowing and then I'd be like well it's
not working the car's not working I
don't understand it needs like he'd
laugh and then you put it back in Drive
and I'm like you [ __ ] [ __ ] don't
do that [ __ ] yo sometimes when you're
like calm the other day so I have a
Wrangler in it in a like when you're in
Drive you can pop it over to like that
Tektronix [ __ ] or whatever you know what
I'm talking about
semi automatics I mean yeah well yeah I
have that too sure and and I I ought it
like I accidentally hit it into that
thing and I didn't know what the [ __ ] to
do like I'm trying to go fast and it
wasn't going yeah like I
moved it down and it brought me into
gear one and I was like pushing the
thing and it wasn't letting me push it
back into drive and I was like on the
main highway so I was shook for a little
bit so I would kept just [ __ ] with it
and eventually it got back into Josh oh
