well hello everybody yo hey y'all doing
I'm not gonna eat this week oh I've said
it's disgusting so sorry to everybody if
it's disgusting oh you're saying eating
on during the podcast yeah I thought you
meant eating in like in general like
you're not gonna eat anything I'm done
eating forever all right so you'll be
gone in a week although I have a
tendency even when I'm like talking to
people of importance um to talk with my
mouth full but I feel like if I do this
like as I'm talking I'm sort of I'm sort
of like yeah yeah you know it's weird
because I'm super specific about the
things that piss me off or like it's
it's really weirdly like detailed like
if somebody's chewing in an obnoxious
way but it's like over the top of a
noxious and its really loud mouth noises
then I don't mind if it's like almost
like they're rubbing it in your face
like yeah I'm eating and it's gross like
and even if you eat things that are have
like a crunchy noise like a loud
crunching noise where like a carrot or
something like I know cackles like if
you're eating a cackling hyena know if
you so like that doesn't bother me if
it's but if it's like almost like I hear
it but you're trying to hide it then
yeah like it or if it's like mmm almost
I got like a moist sound to it like a
wet [ __ ] let's yeah then I'm at a
toes or some [ __ ] yeah yeah like and
it's weird because some and I think it
depends on my mood too you know you know
I would try and different things I would
try and eat like potato chips in class I
think oh that's hard and it's hard
because you try and eat like chewing
with your mouth closed
yeah but but you you still hear the
sound of like the chip like breaking in
your mouth yeah and you know that like
ask people around you it can you hear
that yeah I could still hear that
speaking of that I actually should talk
about this right up front so Leon who
makes the Kyle out-of-context videos
yeah he he messaged me the other day and
he's like is it true that Pringles taste
like the original Pringles taste like
McDonald's fries and I was like no
that's not true he just randomly asked
you that's yeah so let me ask you like
what what comes to your mind when I say
that is your gut reaction like no or I
would have to have them because I
haven't had regular Pringles in a while
and I almost feel like cause you're
telling me that they taste like
McDonald's french fries I'm sort of like
yeah they do taste like McDonald's
french fries and I'm starting to
remember the taste so yeah I don't think
they I do that today I tested it today
oh really yes that conclusion is a
little bit but but here's here's the
curveball I'm gonna throw at you I
generally don't like original Pringles
that much but I love McDonald's fries so
it's weird like I see it I see it like I
taste it like yeah they're they're
similar but I don't know like on the
hierarchy of chips
I feel like Pringles is solidly at the
bottom for me like I believe in it I
mean it is a chip but it's not like a
it's not like a you know you think of
chips you don't think of Pringles
they're trying to do their own thing
like look with can and it's like oh okay
you're like a little different it's like
remember viento of Vienna fingers yes
like that's a cookie but I don't think
yeah I don't think of that or Milano's
like that's a cookie but like someone
would say like no that's it's a big
[ __ ] fancy cookie like it is its own
thing yeah yeah does have its own kind
of category it's like I [ __ ] the cookie
corn is not really candy it's like it's
something it's don't like category yeah
but like the Pringles in the hierarchy
like you name any other kind of chip and
I'm like I like that [ __ ] more like yeah
I'm thinking teredo relays Doritos yeah
any any other [ __ ] even like Utz nuts
chips
have you ever had the Dell remember the
deli chips and like the purple bag and
it says like deli and like they're
letters they're youth that used to trick
me so much that if anybody I don't know
if that's just the East Coast thing
those purple chips the ones that said
deli on them you know it's weird some
things are just East Coast and I didn't
know you know what is
I just found out was just an East Coast
thing what when I say Drake's do you
know what I'm talking about of course
yeah they're so they're like those hope
like those only east coast don't tell me
that's only east coast like the devil
dogs actually east coast so I looked it
up and Drake's is a like a bakery
company that started in Harlem and on
the hostess box you would see Drake's
but hostess bought out Drake's and
Drake's was just the East Coast thing so
like nobody in the Midwest that I asked
knew about Drake's okay it is now a fact
that if you're not on the East Coast
you [ __ ] up yeah your life is wack
yeah like you there's no words to
describe how much you [ __ ] up if you
didn't have Drake's
yeah because Lakes was the [ __ ] a
hundred piers how good the East Coast is
like if your [ __ ] is good outside of the
East Coast it'll eventually end up in
the East Coast like chick-fil-a was
popping everywhere else and they were
like we gotta bring this to the East
Coast now was that that puts the stamp
of approval on that [ __ ] you know I
didn't know about this either but
apparently like outside of New York and
actually Chicago - even though Chicago
is different with the pizzas deep-dish
pizza but like there's a lot of places
where you can't get a good slice of
pizza I do yeah outside of New York you
can't get a good slice of pizza yeah and
like the places that people will tell
you good they like preface it that [ __ ]
with like your book yeah this is the
best around here yeah okay cool so the
same way like yeah bagel same thing
can't get an egg sandwich like you know
how you could you know you can't get a
bacon egg and cheese on a roll anywhere
else outside the first thing I did when
I came back to New York was I'd stopped
at that deli in White Plains and got
just like some Mexican ass deli no
offense to Mexicans but like this [ __ ]
is all Mexicans in there and it was just
a bacon egg and cheese on a roll with
some salt pepper ketchup it was like 295
and I was like make sure you scramble
the eggs so there's a deli so they buy
me breakfast what do you go to Dunkin
so you go to like [ __ ] Tim Hortons
like some [ __ ] that is just like like
egg or McDonald's breakfast and you just
get an egg that's fake as well it's not
the same [ __ ] yeah you can't well it's
not like I don't it's not I don't even
dislike the bacon I get cheese from from
Dunkin Donuts or McDonald's but it's not
the same thing yeah no nothing against
it as like a deli like a real deli [ __ ]
like a role that he just pulls out of
the plastic thing he just pops open the
thing and puts his hand in the roll
thing cuts it open so yeah there's this
thing here what are we missing it on the
East Coast cuz there's some [ __ ] we're
missing it like they'll hate us in
California I don't know if you ever had
this but my wife had this and she put me
on to it we went to California it's
called Del Taco
oh I heard about that it's like it's
like a Taco Bell I think there's one
around me though I think there's one in
the on the East Coast
I don't think so yeah oh no no no I'm
thinking of death okay no I tell
frisking it's like a fancy taco I'm
thinking of there's one called bar taco
night oh yeah bar taco is started to
expand outside of New York okay um but
that's like some some fast food Taco
Bell type of [ __ ] everywhere soccer
balls everywhere yeah yeah um in and out
it's not on the East Coast yet that's
right in a now it's not but I have to
say I know a bunch of people who went to
California and they're like listen I
can't wait to have this burger I've
heard amazing things the pictures of
in-and-out burgers are like on another
level gorgeous but then they have it and
they're like five guys is way better
yeah it's it's it's one of those things
where it's like you don't have a
in-and-out burger a lot so you want to
be like this [ __ ] is better but I think
Five Guys burger is better and Five Guys
fries are better which puts them way
over the top
what's the other one the other way check
Shake Shack
okay Shake Shack there's a Shake Shack
in Cross County in Yonkers right yep
yeah okay so I ate that that wasn't good
but Five Guys was still better than that
now you're buggin you're buggin oh I'm
not we're gonna can't agree on it let's
launch a war in the comment section here
all right so a Meyer you need to do a
poll on your [ __ ] I'll do it because you
can do ya do
Twitter poll just do well do five guys
in and out Shake Shack you think we
should know though I know this because
we already but it's like you gotta throw
in and out in there that's that but I
got like I got like five people son
that'll just be like don't eat it's not
even like you're you're buggin if you
try they're not open-minded they're not
they haven't if they're on some [ __ ]
like I can't wait to have this burger
it's gonna be the best thing ever and
then they had it and they're like five
guys is way better
no cuz here's the thing it's almost not
even a debate like Shake Shack
I'm almost trying to say don't even put
that in the debate because people have
had the debate to not even put Shake
Shack in that category with in and out
and five guys because it's on a
different level it's like they try to
say the Shake Shack is gourmet no yeah
that's why shakes my words right Shake
Shack yeah sha ck right yeah yeah as
opposed to like some like Xers don't hit
me with the [ __ ] like you got to be a
hundred
I can't tweet some [ __ ] out with a typo
alright check it
are you checking it now you check it
well okay so she this is did you get
this picture I sent you I did that's not
great oh my god you look like the tip of
a penis are you are you checking sick
sick or no you check it I'm typing it in
on on Twitter
I don't want microphone making noise
okay Sh a ke Sh ACK okay and now five
guys is easy to spell Five Guys five
guys it's just a regular and then all
five guys in and out of IV e G Uys no
it's not five it what it is spelled it
spelled 5 f 5 ee not like the number 5
oh yeah okay that's fine and well then
turn it out is in - n mm-hmm
- out so in - space n no no no - yeah
just the letter n yeah
okay let's change the poll length what
do you think wins before you um do that
[ __ ] well I know that if people are
right five guys wins but then again -
hold on I'm not being fair because I
actually haven't had in and out I've had
Shake Shack I've had five guys in my
mind I liked five guys better
don't go mad all of them I feel like I'm
a burger connoisseur I'm not saying the
shake I'm not saying I didn't like the
Shake Shack one I love the Shake Shack
on and in fact when you go over all
restaurant like when you judge it based
on that you might have to go Shake Shack
just because their options are off the
chain like their options are crazy you
walk in and you're like this is perfect
like all the options have it just right
is it very simple but in terms of just
the burger I'm 100% going five guys okay
the bonnet Shake Shack is way better -
it's like a potato bun is way better I
don't know how you I know five guys good
with Shake Shack people have had the
conversation to not even put that in the
conversation with five guys and in and
out okay it's up we just we just sent it
out there I'm nervous
five guys let's go five guys I love you
five guys it's my Shake Shack well a lot
of people aren't gonna have Shake Shack
so that might not win it all depend
that's true there's a big West Coast
contingency - right that can [ __ ]
sway this [ __ ] also but not for nothing
it's almost split evenly between like
California Texas and New York so I got
everywhere covered okay son I tweeted
something like yesterday it was and it
blew up like I was a week go viral and
like the numbers on this [ __ ] thing
or ridiculous OD because I see all your
[ __ ] but I wasn't
I haven't been active on social too much
you ready for this besides today let me
tell you these knows I'm looking at the
tweet right now let me tell you these
numbers mm-hmm the number of impressions
it had six point six nine million what
that's the number of impressions so
that's like I think the number like it
showed up on that many feeds I guess
that's what impression means a number of
the number of retweets 53,000 I didn't
even see this 10s
like what the number of pictures you did
for some three to four thousand yeah it
was my dick no it's um Time magazine
tweeted Norway is the happiest country
in the world what's the secret and then
I said I see that tweet I quote tweeted
it and I said I can't believe that a
wealthy country with free health care
and education high wages a strong middle
class and nearly a month paid vacation
time by law is happy and that should you
two took off [ __ ]
crazy I saw that see I didn't see that
it that it blew the [ __ ] up like that I
think what happened was like you get so
since my accounts verified I get to see
when other verified accounts do [ __ ]
with it like if they like a tweet or
retweet as we drove and like what
happened is it looked like a bunch of
just like random ass people like
somebody who's like a writer somebody
who's like a local [ __ ] reporter you
know you go down the list of like kind
of minor like celebrities but they have
like 5,000 followers each about like
people like that kept retweeting it and
then it just kept getting [ __ ] pumped
into feeds that had like 5,000 or 10,000
followers and then all a bunch of their
people retweeted it just kept was like
[ __ ] wildfire it's by far and away
the biggest tweet I ever had I think the
one before this was not didn't hit
10,000 now we're talking 104 thousand
lights that's [ __ ] crazy
that's [ __ ] wild I know I'm
fascinated by that [ __ ] I'm so light
because like at my last job someone from
like the [ __ ] neighborhood or some
[ __ ] next to me tweeted something that
like that went viral and it had like
crazy amount of like likes and retweets
and I asked my ex bosses I was like can
I go like interview this dude cause that
must be [ __ ] crazy experience to go
from get in like one like it's an all of
a sudden you just got like however many
is stupid them out and they were like
all like they didn't give a [ __ ] about
it and I was like [ __ ] you guys man it's
like it's cool to hear about that [ __ ]
cuz you're one thing just like went
through so many eyeballs across the
whole [ __ ] world well I looked it up
I was like trying to wrap my mind around
that number six point six million
impressions and it goes up like it's
going up fast like if I look at this in
a day it'll go up another like two
million at least that's the trend so far
but like it's bigger than I think the
population of Colorado so like it's like
everybody in Colorado basically looked
at my tweet is what is how I interpreted
that that's [ __ ] definitely want the
news like in Norway definitely imagine
there's like a local news station in
Norway oh yeah
like I'll tell you about that these are
tweet is that are they talking Norway
probably I was me and my friend were
doing an offensive accents all week and
it was pretty funny
like I'd tweet him it or tweet him I'd
audio him on the iPhone oh yeah three
o'clock in the morning like this mug
from Africa and then I would I'd switch
it up and throw throw like Indian accent
in there together after a while right
what's that they all start to blend
together after a while yeah it's hard
like you got it you know what I notice
I'm better at accents if I do them like
at it out of nowhere I think of doing
one and then I do it but if I stop and
think about it for a little bit then I
can't do it mm-hmm like I have to you
have to hit me with like okay do
Scottish okay last let me tell you my
Scottish accent but if I stop and think
about it for three minutes you come back
I won't be able to do a Scottish accent
yeah it'll just be like a [ __ ] it all
goes to the same thing I used to have
that [ __ ] with um Christopher Walken
like it's not good cuz I'm doing right
now actually he's not bad that's pretty
good but like that's pretty good I
struggle with individuos yeah who would
you do I struggle with individuals oh
yeah you tell me to do individuals all
struggle I could I could do like places
like I could do different but I don't I
don't know if I have any individual ones
is that from you think you just heard
someone like say that accent one time I
think but you've heard it enough where I
was like I think I could copy that you
know like you hear Irish person talking
off you're like it yeah like I think I
could maybe do but you can never do it
long-term like I can't do it like if you
tell me to talk to you for three minutes
and an accent I can't do it I could talk
to Mike in ten seconds yeah because it
starts to get like exposed
like that doesn't really you'll miss big
one like you'll miss big words that
you're supposed to do sir a certain way
and you don't do it right and it's like
this is probably this is all falling
apart yeah
damn they should [ __ ] send you
something in the mail for having the
[ __ ] tweet that I mean think about a
postcard imagine like but they like
[ __ ] SuperDuper celebrities tweet
anything and it gets way more than this
that's very true you know like Kim
Kardashian's like hi I was in the mall
it's like [ __ ] 3.2 million retweets
like what the [ __ ]
yeah that's absurd how much [ __ ] that
they [ __ ] I mean it's just
fascinating that something could spread
like I was fascinating I was at the mall
and I was walking into Cole's I think or
something like that and there was like
five high school kids just like random
looking kids walking out of the store
like joking and they were like dabbing
and like just being like high school
kids they're just like just be like
[ __ ] kids and like one glasses on and
one just had like shaggy air and I said
to my wife I was just like it's just
[ __ ] wild there's so many people in
the world like yeah
like those are five kids right there
yeah I'll just if they have parents they
all have lots of stories yeah yeah and
like aunts and like they're in Kohl's
with us right now walking out like they
know about dabbing and they know about
like I was just like there's just so
many [ __ ] like there's so many
overwhelming yeah it's overwhelming yeah
even driving like if you're just like in
traffic just looking at like all the
different cars all the cars all the
different people in the car just going
through [ __ ] that you're going through
yeah it is an overwhelming thought like
how many how many people are going
through some really [ __ ] [ __ ] up
times right now - that's the crazier
yeah you look around and there's some
old dude is like 48 years old and you're
