so guess what everybody I'm partly
honored and partly annoyed that I've
been smeared by a right-wing blog so
this is from the Gateway pundit and I
don't know what they think they're
achieving here by digging up old tweets
of mine but I think that they think they
got me so we're gonna go through this
and we're gonna discuss it literally
every PR expert in the world if they
were giving me advice would tell me no
don't talk about this gateway pundit
pundit is a tiny far right-wing blog so
there's no way to no reason to bring
this up and therefore like expose your
whole audience to it but I don't give a
[ __ ] because as I think all of you know
by now the main thing about secular talk
is honesty authenticity and transparency
so even though it's a little
embarrassing we're gonna go through the
old tweets that gateway pundit dug up of
mine and then you guys can make a
determination if indeed I am sexist and
homophobic and racist I'm all of the
ists okay so this is Cassandra Fairbanks
wrote this she used to be a left winger
allegedly I think she supported Bernie
Sanders but then she supported Donald
Trump in the general election and now
her and Mike Serna [ __ ] hang out all
day and try to figure out how to smear
left-wingers so she says tweets
uncovered by the gateway pundit reveal a
history of homophobia sexism and racism
precisely what he spends so much time
judging others for now what you're gonna
see here there's going to be a bunch of
things that you see here ninety-eight
percent of the stuff I don't feel bad
about at all
two percent of the stuff I feel a little
bad about and again I'll explain it as I
go on here but she's gonna she lacks a
lot of context and that's obviously on
purpose so first she cites the Justice
Democrats platform page by the way I'm
not affiliated with justice Democrats
anymore so you're not
this doesn't accomplish anything like
what do you want me to step down from
the place I already stepped down from
that's not gonna happen this is an
attempt to just smear me and smear the
left and act like all the things I care
about don't matter anymore because
sometimes I said things that were
questionable but this is from the
Justice Democrats platform we must speak
out against racism sexism xenophobia and
all forms of bigotry non-discrimination
protections that currently apply to race
religion and gender should be expanded
to include the LGBTQ community and the
atheist community so then she has some
tweets of mine she thinks this is like
setting me up for a gotcha where I said
in 2016 pointing out bigotry racism and
double standards is not bigotry racism
double standard and uncomfortable fact
that simpletons can't swallow so in
other words what I'm referring to there
is there's a trick that people on the
far right like to use if you call out
something that is actually racist you
know like for example Donald Trump
repeatedly questioning Obama's birth
certificate and then when he showed the
short form and the long form birth
certificate and the announcement of
Hawaii newspaper of his birth he goes oh
yeah well I want to see your college
transcripts so you just keep moving the
goalposts because hey you know it this
guy's skin color has something to do the
fact that I'm not going to accept him as
a legitimate president or if you point
out facts about the drug war and how
it's disproportionately targeted on
minorities when you point that out some
people go oh you're being racist by
pointing that out so they're in over is
by pointing out racism and trying to fix
it they're calling you racist just
because you brought up race so that's
what I'm pointing to there another thing
is if conservatives want us to stop
calling out racism they should stop
being racist now this one lacks context
this tweet is from 2014 my birthday in
2014 by the way that's random but I
think I'm referring to something
specific there I don't remember what the
specific thing was but there was
something in the news in 2014 at that
time that it was a super racist thing I
don't remember what it was but me saying
if conservatives want us to stop calling
out racism they should stop being racist
it was in regards to a space
civic story where the reaction from the
right was in my estimation racist again
she leaves out the context of course she
leaves out the context because then that
makes these comments look a lot less
reasonable but now we get into the
controversial stuff while kolinsky
spends a hefty amount of time judging
others it looks as though he has been
throwing stones from inside a glass
house in 2012 kolinsky asserted all
Asians look the same okay I'm sorry for
laughing because this is actually in the
2% that I feel kind of bad about like
yeah that's [ __ ] up that's a [ __ ] up
thing to say I shouldn't have said it
the thing I put hashtag there I said it
because I was trending on Twitter at the
time yeah there honestly there's no
excuse for this one it's [ __ ] up I
really shouldn't have said it it's not
true and it just shows like I'm a dick
so I do kind of I do feel bad about that
one I shouldn't have said that I will
add though that there this is the this
is what they're using as evidence that
I'm racist and that's just not that's
not true I'm not saying I wasn't saying
Asians are inferior to anybody the
definition of racism is you think you're
superior and other races are inferior I
don't believe that I've never said that
I never would say that I never would
believe that I'm wholly convinced that
that's not the case so this that's not
racism it's just me being an [ __ ] and
saying something I shouldn't I said but
I do apologize for that one because
that's not cool man don't like don't
don't [ __ ] say that
then okay let's keep going here this is
one the next one is one I don't feel bad
about at all oh and by the way let me
just say I'm Joe Rogan reached out to me
over the weekend I'm gonna be on his
podcast on February 27th so everybody
can look forward to that I know I'm
really excited for that and unless just
say I don't think it's a coincidence
that like it was yesterday or two days
ago that me and Joe Rogan set this thing
up and it like immediately after that
happened boom there's an article and a
far right-wing blog smearing me do you
think that's coincidence I don't think
that's a coincidence Joe Rogan has a
gigantic
reach and you know I I don't think that
people on the right want somebody like
me having the ability to reach a wider
audience because not to toot my own horn
I think I'm pretty [ __ ] convincing and
I can make a good case for left-wing
stuff so I don't think it's a
coincidence that I you know a few days
ago I was offered basically my biggest
platform ever to go on Joe show and then
boom immediately somebody they dig up
old tweets by the way how sad are you if
you sit there and go through old tweets
I mean they were talking about a tweet
from [ __ ] 2012 okay next she says
more recently kolinsky noted that Asians
aren't just yellow but varying shades of
beige - actually that's not what I said
I said they're not yellow they're
varying shades of beige so this was not
from not that long ago in fact I
remember when I wrote these and I stand
by everything I said here cuz stop and
use your [ __ ] brain instead of being
triggered like a little snowflake for a
second I said white people aren't really
white they're light beige okay that's
true you all know what white looks like
white looks like this the page right
here that's white white people people
who are called white don't look like
that they look like they are a light
beige that's accurate
that's just factual brown people are
more like dark beige again stop and
think about what when somebody says Oh
brown people they're referring to
usually Hispanic people or South Asian
people or Arab people and no they're not
actually brown they're like a dark beige
color so people who are called brown are
like a dark beige color I know that like
you're not allowed to say anything at
all about race under any circumstance
ever or else you know there will be some
people who are triggered but I don't
play that [ __ ] I don't care I don't care
if you're triggered it it doesn't
doesn't mean anything to me so you can
be the [ __ ] PC police all you want
about accurate thing things I say like
this here but it doesn't matter what I
said is still true another thing I said
is black people are different shades of
brown so in other words people who are
called black they're not really black
black is black usually people who are
called
their skin tone is actually their skin
tones or it's like a different shades of
brown and then I said apologies for
being so literal but it annoys me that
somebody made that other [ __ ] up and we
all have to run with it and then I said
whoever the [ __ ] called Asians yellow is
just a prick
they're obviously varying shades of
beige - yeah that's true
Asians are called yellow they're not
yellow I don't know why I don't know why
they're called yellow they're not yellow
it's just weird that we call B and like
a Native Americans are called Reds
they're not red again they're a
different shade of beige so I don't like
why why would you include this in your
article trying to smear me it just makes
me look like I'm I'm telling the truth
okay so let's continue anti-racist
darling also want you to know he hates
Asian drivers okay this one's [ __ ] up
- I said hashtag things we all hate
Asian drivers yeah that's [ __ ] up I
shouldn't have said that cuz that's not
true it's not this is it's a stereotype
like Oh Asian drivers are bad no like
there are plenty of Asian drivers who
are not bad and there are plenty of
drivers of other races and ethnicities
that are bad so this is one of the 2% of
things in this that I apologize for cuz
that's not right I mean again we're
talking about something I said in 2011
so like like why are we even talking
about this now but yeah it was [ __ ] up
I shouldn't have said that
in addition to his offensive tweets
about Asians there's also many examples
of him using the term [ __ ] over the
years despite the fact that he is not
black ah oh no oh no okay so let's see I
said to somebody damn can a [ __ ] get a
parking spot help a [ __ ] out and then
referring to somebody used to work with
Fabian tried that's the best we could do
without asking the [ __ ] for a photo op
I don't remember who I was talking about
there but it was some like low-level
celebrity and I said ni GGA by the way
let's just say ni GGA that is totally
different from ni Jie GE are like so
listen there are some things
that I used to say that I wouldn't say
anymore but I'm I this is not it's not
racist I was that awkward white boy who
used ni GGA because I thought I was cool
and like half of my friends were black
so I thought I was down and cool so I
used that and they were never offended
by it I you know never thought twice
about it it was I just always said that
I grew up in nourish L a very diverse
place in Westchester County and like
again I wouldn't say it now but to use
this as like evidence of me being racist
that's just not true
that's just not true at all and then
here's another one me saying to a friend
of mine who I used to work with in
response to something OD tweet Negro
again out of context I'm talking to a
friend here so I said Negro like
whatever get the [ __ ] over that's not a
big deal again these aren't things I'd
say now but it's not like stop trying to
pretend like this somehow makes me a
bigot a racist then again I said that in
response to somebody Negro these are
friends of mine like and weird [ __ ]
around then the next one this one's just
cringy because I just sound like a
douche partially because I am a douche
but somebody called me out they're like
dude like you're white why are you using
the n-word on Twitter again meaning ni
GGA I never said ni g GE r nor would I I
think that's horrendous and that's I
understand like the hurt that comes
along with that word and how in context
of course no white person should say ni
Jie Zhi er but he said you really like
using the n-word on your huh
can't say I agree homes I said got my G
pass god that's a cringy tweet
it's like yeah look at me I got my GPS I
could use it like no yeah again I
shouldn't have used it but I just it's
it's just not evidence of racism because
I'm not racist so here's another one I
said thanks [ __ ] listen this one again
I need to be
to be clear about something here
whenever I like so another thing we used
to say is if something happened and we
didn't like it we go gay and like now
that's not really something we do but we
did that for a really long time and
that's not that's not us arguing
we are against homosexuals and they
should not have equal rights because I
always believe they should have equal
rights it's almost like if you remember
that episode of South Park where I think
the it was [ __ ] I think they used the
word [ __ ] and they were like ah these
guys are [ __ ] and then people were like
ah how dare you you hate gay people and
they would say no no no we don't hate
gay people we're we're against [ __ ] and
then they go on to explain in the
episode they're referring to these biker
guys who have who are on their
motorcycles and they go like Leviathan
and it's a really funny episode but
there's actually a point in there and
the point is if somebody's uses the word
like oh that's gay that's they're
actually not saying hey gay people
aren't equal and we shouldn't treat them
equally that those are different things
it's just something that people said for
a while now you could say look that's
it's wrong and we shouldn't do that
anymore and maybe you're right about
that but I just don't like it when we
try to pretend like that means that
somebody's you know anti-gay cuz I've
always been in favor of gay marriage
I've always been in favor of gay rights
and to try to pretend like when I'm
saying something in jest to somebody
like thanks [ __ ] like that's the same
thing or thanks Negro like that's the
same thing as me being some sort of a
racist southern segregationist type
person who thinks other races are
inferior again that part is just not
true then I said how much gay sex do you
think is happening at the RNC in
Cleveland yeah I stand by oh and of
course that's like how many stories have
we covered about the people who are
massively anti-gay but then they get
caught blowing people like that's
happened time and time again whether
it's Christian preachers who are
far-right or Republican politicians and
by the way that's one of the things I
said after a story broke
the time that one of the gay dating apps
that like the the traffic to the gay
dating app increased some tremendous
amount in the wake of the RNC moving to
Cleveland so like there was a big bump
in in activity on that gay dating app
when the RNC went to Cleveland that year
so it's like yeah that's that's what
that's what [ __ ] happen like what why
are you acting like that's something
that's like wrong I'm first of all I'm
making a joke second of all the joke is
pointing at something that's true yeah
there was a lot of gay sex happening at
the RNC in Cleveland a lot of closeted
gay people got together and had sex I'm
not saying that's wrong by all means do
what teach their own go ahead have all
the gay sex you want but that number one
that was happening number two I am kind
of joking as I say that anyway so I
stand by that completely um then I said
somebody get my bail money ready legit
about to murder this loudmouth Italian
lady and the [ __ ] blasting her iPod
hashtag [ __ ] waiting rooms yeah I don't
remember what was happening there but me
calling a particular woman a [ __ ] has
nothing to do with as she says here
kolinsky also has a less than
progressive view on women including
referring to them as [ __ ] like no I'm
not referring to all women as [ __ ] I'm
referring to a very specific lady who
was pissing me off for a very specific
reason what I used the term [ __ ] now
probably not but I was mad at the time
and I said the word [ __ ]
that doesn't mean I think all women are
inferior it means that there was an
individual woman who I thought was a
[ __ ] at the time here's another one me
tweet quoting a friend of mine
prostitutes got job security I guess
always going to be a dick to suck I mean
it's still funny thing that he said so
yeah I don't think that's really a big
deal then I asked a question at one
point in 2012 who sucked more dicks in
their life Madonna or Britney Spears
okay so you're getting a trend here
what's going on I'm just an [ __ ] and
I think you guys know that anyway yeah
I don't like is there something sexist
about that tweet I don't think there's
something sexist about that tweet well
how why would somebody think that sexist
I'm just asking if who suck more dicks
in their life and I'm you know I would
guess Madonna when I stop and think
about it but I don't know I thought that
was an interesting question so I tweeted
it okay I should stop laughing this is
supposed to be serious and then I said
at one point in 2012 Elisabeth
Hasselbeck confuses my penis I say that
because you know she's an attractive
woman but she's so far-right politically
that I'm like oh my god you're
insufferable so yeah I don't really care
about that either I don't know why you
think that's like oh I got him he's
sexist like no none of these things are
sexist this is just me being a dick
that's all this is that's all this is I
would never say I think women are
inferior to men because I don't think
they're inferior to men by any stretch
of the imagination
I just thought one lady was a [ __ ] in
particular not all women I asked
questions about who sucked more dicks in
their life yeah this isn't like a big
deal get the [ __ ] over it and then
finally this this one pissed me off the
most from them because this is a smear
attempt and I'll explain why in a second
she says regarding the singer Kesha who
recently concluded a battle with her
former producer dr. Luke who she claims
had been sexually assaulting her
kolinsky declared she should write a
song called a mejor now here's why this
is a [ __ ] smear the date I said this
was 2011 this is years before Ke$ha a
clue accused dr. Luke of anything so the
impression she's trying to give you is
like oh my god kyle is talking about a
woman who just accused a guy of like
sexual assault and rape
Kyle's calling her a [ __ ] no that's not
true because at the time there were no
accusations of rape there were no
accusations of sexual assault or
anything so it was just Kesha I don't
know I was watching like one of her
music videos or something and she was
like damn near butt-ass naked or like
what were the lyrics to her first song
like down stop blah I listen to the
lyrics that song one day and I like
looked it up and I was like holy [ __ ]
this is like really [ __ ] now again
I'm not even putting her down for that
