the intercept has a superb article out
by Lee Fong and Ryan Grimm and it's
called the dead Enders candidates who
signed up to battle Donald Trump must
get past the Democratic Party first so
what they do is they Chronicle what
populist left candidates have had to go
through in order to try to gain support
from the Democratic Party now you would
think right up front well hold on now
the Republicans won in a landslide
you know they control every level of
government and well the answer is clear
we ran our center-right candidate last
time in Hillary Clinton she lost well we
got to move left now we tried
center-right we've been trying
center-right we lost a thousand seats
under Obama we lost the White House with
Hillary Clinton so obviously we move
left now you would think that that's the
logical answer right no that's they go I
don't care about logic we have a
responsibility to our donors so we're
going to keep running Republican like
candidates that will renew
now I'm not gonna go through every
example that they give in the article
because there's just endless examples in
the article I'm gonna leave the article
in the video description box you can
read through it all yourself if you'd
like but I do want to give you one
example so you get an idea what's really
going on just King is a superb candidate
running in Pennsylvania's 16th district
in fact she's a justice Democrat and
she's endorsed by virtually every
grassroots Left organization for clear
reasons that you're as you're about to
see so here's what they say about her in
June one of their own talking about
left-wing groups Jess King who heads a
nonprofit that helps struggling women
start and run small businesses in the
area announced that she would be running
to take out Republican representative
Lloyd Schmucker in Pennsylvania's 16th
district Nick Martin her field director
and another co-founder of Lancaster
stands up again left left-wing group was
a leading activist in the popular and
robust a local anti pipeline movement an
organized Network King was able to tap
into she planned to focus a populist
progressive campaign on canvassing and
harnessing grassroots enthusiasm if
suburban
came along attracted by the promise of
Medicare for all or tuition free public
college then great but they would not be
Kings target she's targeting the base
Lancaster stands up voted to endorse
King as did a local immigrant rights
group with a broad grassroots network
make the road Pennsylvania Justice
Democrats a small dollar operation that
was backing leftist Democrats got behind
her as well the primary is set for May
15th with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court
ruling on Monday that the GOP had
illegally gerrymandered the state's
congressional districts insisting they
be redrawn before the primary the
decision could cut either way for King
depending on the shape of the new map
King then sought to secure the
endorsement of the major players in the
Democratic Party circles in Democratic
Party circles her campaign reached out
to Emily's list which was founded to
elect pro-choice women to Congress
Emily's list sent King a questionnaire
which she filled out and returned
affirming her strong support for
reproductive freedom that was October by
which point her campaign had broken the
$100,000 mark a sign of viability she
had hoped would show Emily's list that
she was serious we followed up a few
times after and she did not hear and she
excuse me we followed up a few times
after and did not hear back said King
spokesperson Guido George NT it turned
out the Democratic Party had other ideas
or at least it had an old idea as is
happening in races across the country
party leaders in Washington and in the
Pennsylvania district rallied instead
around a candidate who in 2016 had a
raised more money than a Democrat ever
had in the district and suffered a
humiliating loss anyway okay so do you
understand what happened you have a
grassroots candidate rise up she has the
support of all the grassroots
organizations she's been involved in
left-wing movements for a long time
everybody's like oh my god what a great
candidate and she's running on Medicare
for all in free college and a living
wage
so what this is awesome this is all we
have the perfect candidate and we we
know we're gonna win here but as soon as
she asked the major Democratic players
that are tied to the leadership of the
Democratic Party hey can we get your
guy's endorsement - look we have all the
endorsement of all the populist left
organizations they're full of activists
that are doing the hard work on the
ground they go oh yeah totally well
we're gonna forgive us we'll think about
it and then maybe we'll get back to you
or something yeah that's great dude are
you running whoo-hoo then what do they
do they literally don't even give her a
call back to tell her hey we're not
gonna endorse you they don't do that
what they do is they pick and prop up a
corporate Democrat who already ran in
the last election broke the fundraising
record and got their ass handed to them
now why are they doing that why did they
say ho we'll go with the Republican like
candidate instead of just king and
endorse them well the answer there's two
reasons number one Jess King is not
running his Republican light she's
running as a Bernie Sanders style
politician she's a crusader for populist
left ideas she totally supports
reproductive choice of course of course
so when you fill out the emily's list
thing they say oh is this do you agree
with us on the issue issues she's like
yes
and they're like great we don't like you
go away or they don't even respond to
her call and say they're gonna endorse
her they don't even say hey we're not
gonna do it you're gonna go in this
other direction they just finally brush
you off we don't care about you because
you're actually grass roots are actually
populist left not only are you for
reproductive choice but you're also for
Medicare for all free college a living
wage on those issues we're not
necessarily with you because we're tied
to a Republican leadership Republican
leadership is tied to big money donors
big money donors don't want those
policies so the actual left-wing
politician who would win no we're gonna
go with the shitty Republican light
politician who has a good chance of
losing cuz they already lost when they
broke the fundraising record so the two
reasons why they're not going
just king number one she's not running
as Republican Lite and number two in
fact I'll let them explain it in the
article listen to this
the way to win party support Democratic
Party support is to pass what's called
the phone test in order to establish
whether a person is worthy of official
backing d-triple-c operatives will quote
rolodex a candidate according to a
source familiar with the procedure on
the most basic level it involves
candidates being asked to pull out their
smartphones scroll through their contact
lists and add up the amount of money
their contacts could raise or contribute
to their campaigns if the candidates
contacts aren't good for at least two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars or in
some cases much more they fail the test
and party support goes elsewhere okay
stop let's reflect here the situation
with the Democratic Party is way worse
than even I thought I knew it was bad I
was the one sounding the alarm from a
long time ago it's even worse than I
thought this is this is unconscionable
this is insufferable I mean think about
that who the [ __ ] can grab their phone
and just through the contactless raise
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
here's your answer nobody the top one
percent maybe the top point 0.1% that's
it so what they're saying is no no it is
a requirement that you are an elitist to
run as a Democrat it's a requirement
that you're a corporatist
to run as a Democrat listen I
I run secular talk showed us pretty well
doesn't it you know how much money I to
raise if I went through my [ __ ] phone
to try to
raise money for a campaign probably less
than $1,000 and my mom would be giving
500 so what they're saying is policy is
irrelevant policy doesn't matter at all
do you have big money connections they
literally prioritize big money
connections before anything involving
policy and they wonder why they lose
they lost the Donald Trump guys this is
why you [ __ ] lose to Donald Trump
you know they lost a thousand seats
under Barack Obama Nancy Pelosi Chuck
Schumer the leaders of the Democrat they
lost a thousand seats why because all
their candidates are like this Hillary
Clinton lost to Donald Trump why cuz
she's like this let me give you some
platitudes in some cliches break down
the barriers stronger together we don't
hate minorities yay and it was like okay
oh I'm so inspiring they don't want
people who are in favor of Medicare for
all in free college and a living wage
and a new New Deal and end the wars and
legalize marijuana they don't care about
their litmus test is not o are you in
favor of these hallmark policies that
you need to support in order to win
because they're overwhelmingly popular
and this is a democracy no their litmus
test is can you raise $250,000 by just
going through your phone
this is beyond disgusting and the
Democratic Party is even worse than I
thought this is as bad as it gets men
this as bad as it gets
you have guys oh my god they're
responsible for Donald Trump they're
responsible you have a populist left
candidate who has a massive grassroots
support activists are supporting them
everybody's like yes just King yes
awesome gets all the the good people
small money donors who care about the
issues and are fighting on the issues
they all support of the people support
her the corporate Democratic Party
elitist Democratic party goes we're not
even gonna give you the courtesy of a
response call to let you know that we're
not picking you we're just gonna go with
this Republican like candidate who
already lost because they're that
beholden to donors to big-money donors
so here you have it man
this is as damning as it gets the
Democratic Party they have two
requirements for you to run for them you
have to be Republican light and they go
on to explain that in more detail
Democratic leaders are like okay yes you
have to abandon your base in order to
get the suburban moderate Republican
voters to vote for you that's what they
say the the Republican the people who
are socially liberal but fiscally
conservative abandon your base for those
people so the two requirements are you
have to be a Republican light and you
have to be able you have to be a
corporatist and an elitist and be able
to raise two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars from looking at your from going
through your contacts in your phone this
is even worse than I thought it's worse
than I thought it's worse than I thought
[Music]
this is what gives us Trump this is what
gives us the Republican because there's
no there's no opposition the Republicans
have a vision it's the worst vision in
the world but it's a vision what are we
in favor of [ __ ] immigrants build the
wall scapegoat immigrants for all your
problems endless war all that stuff and
when you give people the option of a
Republican or Republican light they
always choose Republican why not give
them a different option somebody who's
populist left somebody who represents
what a Democrat is supposed to represent
ending the wars legalize marijuana new
New Deal living wage Medicare for all
free college nope because if you're for
those things you're pissing off the
donors and they I just showed you how
they prioritize the donors over the
policies so you have to be Republican
light you have to be a corporatist and
an elitist and you have to sell out to
big-money donors that's a requirement in
the Democratic Party listen to me listen
to me you have to support these
candidates Jeff King you know listen I'm
not affiliated with justice Democrats
anymore I'm not but if I would have
conversation with Jess King what I would
say is this is where we open a two-front
war Jess now many people who run Jess
King is a good person
the Justice Democrats are good people so
oftentimes their instinct is the
opposite of that their instinct is like
you know we try to [ __ ] play nice
with the Democrats but go after the
Republicans and I would say no this is
where we open a two-front war the whole
purpose of your campaign now I don't
want to hear you talk for five minutes
without mentioning the fact every time
you talk you need to bring up the
establishment of the Republican Party
hates us and the establishment of the
Democratic Party hates us because we're
gonna represent the people of both
parties we're gonna represent all
Americans and push for the policies that
all Americans agree with including
Medicare for all and free college and a
living wage and they hate me the
establishment Democrats hate me despise
me the elitist corporatist Democrats
hate me I would take a [ __ ] chainsaw
to the Democratic Party I would say
they're part of the [ __ ] problem look
at what's going on here look what's
going on here I don't want their support
that's what you say you open a two-front
war you fight the establishment of the
Republican Party and you fight the
establishment of the Democratic Party
you say I don't want your [ __ ]
support emily's list I did when I
thought you were decent people now I
know you're not decent people now I know
you don't even care about the issues you
say you care about you don't care about
reproductive choice I'm better on
reproductive choice than the Republican
Lite candidate you are backing so you're
frauds you're fraud you're elitist
you're corporatists so I don't want
anything to do with you I despise the
establishment of the Republican Party
and the Democratic Party I'm here to
represent the people the Democratic
Party needs to shape up and do their
goddamn job and start representing the
people but they're not doing it so I
want everybody to vote for me because
I'm gonna take on the establishment of
both parties I'm gonna take on this
corrupt government and I'm gonna fight
for the people I don't care about name
recognition or party I care about
fighting for the people that's what I'm
here to do so you don't see this is the
this is where many people who are good
candidates they slip up because they
want to play nice with people who are
supposed to be on their side the groups
but no when they snub you this bad when
they expose how corrupt they are an
elitist thing
and they don't even care about the
issues they say they care about that's
when you take out the [ __ ] chainsaw
and swing it at their face so if I was
affiliated with justice Democrats still
I would get in contact with Jess King
and let her know this is this is your
strategy moving forward and then you win
and then you win because that's when you
get even more grassroots support Bernie
Sanders to this day goes out there and
says the Democratic Party is a failure
and here's what they need to do to be
better
Weerd the one politician in the United
States of America who openly shits on
both political parties is the most
popular politician in America what does
that tell you tells you people despise
the parties and on some level they know
how corrupt they are they might not be
able to explain in detail how that's the
case but they know they're [ __ ]
corrupt because they're not representing
them so your job is to go out there and
destroy both parties with your arguments
and use policy to get people to donate
you so I'm gonna leave Jess Kings her
website where you can make a donation to
her campaign I'm gonna leave that in the
video description box please do it
because look at how much it's biased
against populist left candidates if
populist left candidates don't sweep in
the upcoming election it's not because
the American people don't want them it's
because their campaigns were crushed
crushed by big-money crushed by the
establishment Republicans crushed by the
corporate Democrats that's the only way
we can lose is if they don't hear our
message because when people hear our
message they agree with us
