hello everybody I wanted to talk about
freewill versus determinism today so of
course the idea of freewill is that
basically you're the author of your own
destiny and you can choose how to act in
this world and the idea of determinism
is that you're really not in control as
much as your mind makes you think you
are we have a very very rigid
deterministic world in that between
genetics and the physical laws of nature
and your personal experiences in your
own environment and how nurture and your
culture has shaped you effectively it's
almost like an equation and you put all
of that information into a big machine
and then out the other end comes the
very next action you will take and that
idea is it's for everything in your life
so if you choose right now to I don't
know get up and go run a few laps around
a track or something you're not really
choosing to do that it's that the
physical the physical condition of you
know your surrounding environment and
your own genetics and your own life
experiences has made it so that you're
basically captive to the nature of
reality and you're just following the
path that was laid out for you already
that's probably a shitty way of
explaining it but that's as good a job
as I could do now we're gonna look at
Sam Harris argue in favor of determinism
ISM he he basically believes that free
will is an illusion or a myth we're
gonna give you Daniel Dennett's position
Daniel Dennett is another one of he's
considered one of the new atheist one of
the Four Horsemen of new atheism but he
has a position on freewill that's uh III
think he
describe it as like a middle ground it's
called compatibilism it tries to marry
together some of the ideas of
determinism with the idea of free will
and then also we're gonna look at Noam
Chomsky who seems to although he hedges
on in many ways he seems to hold on to
the idea that free will is true so we're
gonna have somebody represent the
deterministic position
somebody represent kind of the middle
ground which is compatible list and then
Noam Chomsky represent you know one
flavor or another of free will now
what's interesting about this debate to
me is that and I've discussed as few
other times on my show going back years
ago but I was always under the
impression that determinism was actually
kind of a religious notion because how
many times have you heard in your life
the idea of like oh was God's plan like
yeah God has a plan and issue X happened
as a result of God's plan and therefore
you know don't worry cuz you're really
not in the driver's seat God's in the
driver's seat he's the author of
everything and he already designed it
and laid out a path for you and freewill
is not real in that conception of the
world if the idea is that God is the
author of everything and designed the
universe and has a plan well then you're
just kind of like a passenger seat in
the car ride and God is in the driver's
seat so I always thought determinism was
kind of like a religious notion and in
my mind I thought well freewill is
clearly the idea of you know you are
responsible for your own actions and you
have the freedom to make decisions in
your life and I always thought that that
was viewed as the more hardcore
scientific perspective now what's
interesting is that I wasn't totally
right in that impression it's it's much
more complicated than that in fact there
are plenty of people
who have a naturalistic and you know
humanist version of the world many
people who are scientific minded who
believe determinism is true and Sam
Harris is a good example that but
there's many others it's not just him
it's there are many people who are
adherence to the scientific method who
think determinism is correct and it's
also the case that there plenty of
religious people who think freewill is
true they think that God has given you
free will and then you have to pick how
you will act in this world and if you
choose to act morally than in the
afterlife you get rewarded with that and
you end up going to heaven as opposed to
hell that's the you know a religious
conception of free will but anyway me
talking about all this is my long-winded
way of explaining how it was more
complicated than my impression
originally where you know basically
basically my idea was well obviously if
your determinist you're kind of like a
religious a crazy person not crazy
person that's too strong but you're
religious and that you think God has a
plan so you're just in the passenger
seat and everybody who is rational
believes in free will it turns out it's
much more complicated than that and it's
actually a mix there are plenty people
who are and aren't religious who believe
in free will and plenty of people who
are and aren't religious who believe in
determinism so okay having said that
let's jump in we're gonna start with the
determinist position this is Sam Harris
I'll probably pause as we go along here
and weigh in with my thoughts but I want
suggest either the problem of freewill
is actually deeper than that it's deeper
than the problem of cause and effect by
the way I put it on 1.5 speed so my bed
if you're not used to that I used to
hate the speed up thing but now I love
it I you just have to kind of get used
to listening that quickly but once you
do get used to it now I can't imagine
myself going back and listening to stuff
on regular speed but this is 1.5 speed
so if it's annoying you you could just
slow it down on your own end here that
we we have the problem is we had a
subjective experience of freewill but it
can't be mapped onto physical reality
you know I'm about to argue that free
will doesn't even correspond to any
subjective fact
if you pick a let me just say we're off
the bat I don't agree with that at all
yeah of course the subjective experience
that everybody has is that they have
free will and listen don't take my word
for it think about in your own mind how
you feel how do you how do you feel on a
day to day basis do you feel like you
are making decisions and you're you know
a free agent if you will and you are
deciding what happens I certainly feel
that way now he's gonna go on and and
qualify that statement by saying you
know you just have to look a little
deeper under the surface and then you
see where I'm coming from but just at
face value I don't agree with that at
all I think the opposite is true
everybody kind of has that feeling that
they you know subjectively that they
have free will let's continue into your
experience closely you can notices if
you pay attention you can see that you
know more decide the next thing you
think then the next thing I say thoughts
simply appear in consciousness I don't
look like my words hey what are you
gonna think next what am I gonna say
next I guess uh Denise are talking about
the pleasures of snowshoeing you know
where did that come from from what from
your point you came out of nowhere
they put the same thing with happening
in the privacy of your own mind we've
all made it an effort to be here and to
stay this extra hour here presumably to
hear what I have to say about free will
but there's also a beliefs in your head
and it's just same things haven't you
noticed and many of these things have
nothing to do with what I'm talking
about struggling to follow my train of
thought but there's competition you
suddenly start thinking things like I
should probably stop drinking diet soda
the thoughts just emerge in
consciousness we are not authoring that
would require that we think of them
before we think them if you can't
control your next thought and you don't
know what it's gonna be until it arises
where is your freedom of will now at
this moment many of you were thinking
what the hell is you talking about here
here's one talking about you didn't pick
that thought either well come back to
this one okay let me just say so what's
interesting about the argument he's
making here is I think it's a
distinction without a difference from a
lot of people who believe in free will
because that would still be defined as
you so in other words you have thoughts
popping up in your mind and he's saying
well where are they coming from
like that's not you like you're you
think you get to make the final decision
on the thoughts that pop up in your mind
but you don't know where the thoughts
come up that pop up in your mind they
just show up so what's weird about that
is I actually think that this might be a
little too strong with statement but I
think that's cut almost unscientific
because it's coming from your
subconscious mind or unconscious mind so
like yes thoughts are popping up in
consciousness but that's your
consciousness that thoughts are popping
up in so I think that this it's almost
like just a semantics issue at the end
of it because somebody can totally grant
him this point he's making and still
believe in free will because they just
say okay I am defining that as you so in
other words he's arguing you're not the
thinker of thoughts the thoughts pop up
in your mind and you don't know where
they come from and then the counterpoint
I'm making to that is well no that's
still you it's still your mind where
those thoughts are popping up so it's
like it just strikes me as he's making a
distinction without a difference and
somebody who believes in free will can
concede his point here but anyway let's
continue of course in a sense we do
think our thoughts before we think them
release our brain does and much of this
thinking is is something we never hear
about
and we're conscious of only a tiny
fraction of the information that our
brains process in each moment we
continually notice changes in our
experience in thoughts and moods and
sensations and behavior but we are
utterly unaware of the neural
physiological events that produce the
changes we consider the sensation of
touching your finger to your nose
you feel free try this and the cons of
the contact here simultaneous people we
know at the level of the brain that it
can't be we know that that the input
reaches sent from the finger reaches
sensory cortex after the input from the
nose this is true no matter how short
your arms along your nose if you're of a
mind to experiment works when your toe
is also so the brains correct for this
timing discrepancy by clearly buffering
the inputs in memory and then delivering
the apparent simultaneity to
consciousness so your experience of the
present moment using in a very real
sense a memory of the present moment and
even the simplest conscious sensations
are built upon unconscious mechanism an
unconscious process in which we are
fundamentally unaware you know people to
say this unconscious machinery also
governs what we think can feel and do
intend as well it's not an unjust
perception and that is where notions of
free will and more responsibility begin
to get sweets many people now
demonstrate it in a lab that person's
choices behavioral choices and voluntary
choices can be detected some moments
sometimes seconds before they are
consciously aware of having made the
choice over the physiologist in Jamila
Bey
quite famously do this with EEG but this
basic paradigm is replicated with fMRI
and indirect recordings from the cortex
in certain tissues and each of these
experiments people give them a very
simple task to push a left button as
opposed to a right button or move their
left hand brush at the right hand and
they just have to watch a clock and
decide when they were first consciously
aware of committing to the left or the
right can you do this and several
experiments over the years have shown
that people can go back and forth as
much as they want to become consciously
aware of when they when they're
committed they make their choice and yet
the experimenter is by scanning the
brain for one modality or another know
some half a second a second depending on
what the decision is even several
seconds before they do what they're
gonna do so as a result of this work and
is it's actually scientifically
uncontroversial to say that some moments
before you are aware of what you are
going to do it was simple you make it a
simple voluntary action at a time at
which you appear to be subjectively free
to do whatever you want your brain has
already determined what
will do and then you can gradually aware
of this decision while while you still
think during the process of making it
now I'm able to say this this is very
difficult to reconcile with conventional
notion of free will because this tiny
discrepancy demonstrates that you an
epochal for someone to know what you
were going to do before you do and while
you still think you you're free to make
up your mind but the truth is I think
actually too much of the native his
research the truth is even if there were
no time like even if a conscious
intention we're truly simultaneous with
its neuro physiological underpinnings
that we still be no room for free will
because you still wouldn't know why it
is you do what you do and again this is
a fact you can notice about yourself
directly let's run a little experiment
think of a city anywhere in the world
choose any city one yeah of course I
could of prime deal I could have
artfully placed queues in my speech in
the last minute it would make you more
likely to think just real quick I want
to say about the point about the study
that shows they could predict the
decision you make before you make it I
think that's interesting research and he
Sam Harris seems to think that it
indicates that okay there's no such
thing as free will there is a rebuttal
to that I'm not gonna mention the
rebuttal at this moment but Noam Chomsky
actually addresses that directly in his
comments so I just wanted to throw that
out there real quick and he's gonna go
on now to talk about how again well he
says even if that wasn't the case you
still like even if that research didn't
exist he thinks it's still you still
can't say that you have free will
because again he kind of goes back to
his original point here which is you
don't really know where those thoughts
come from in your mind the thoughts just
kind of pop up in your own mind but then
again I argue that's more of a semantic
issue because it's still those thoughts
are still appearing in your mind so you
know you could say hey you got to having
those thoughts pop up in your mind
because of your DNA and your lived
experience and whatever just happened to
you at breakfast or whatever you
saw on a billboard or something but the
that thoughts are popping up in your
mind it is still your mind so the idea
of like not ascribing your your
ownership to those thoughts I just think
is a little I have a hard time grasping
that because again I think ultimately
his description strikes me not that he's
doing it on purpose by any stretch of
the imagination but it strikes me as a
little bit of a semantic game it's like
well that's not really you because those
thoughts are appearing it's like yeah
but they're appearing in your mind so
that is you almost by definition but
let's continue Las Vegas for instance so
Beyonce so I don't think biggest city
any city and it must be pay attention to
what this conscious process is like now
the first thing to notice about this is
it this is free decision as you are ever
gonna make in your life you have all the
cities in the world to choose from
now several cities are probably her to
you I just focus on one everybody no I'm
sorry to say that you all pick the wrong
City don't ask me how I know this but I
do so I just watch you do this again
just you can see what the process like
pick another city can't be the first and
notice what that experience is like okay
did you see any evidence for free will
now we better people to find it here I
think it's not here it's not anywhere so
let's look for it first let's set aside
all those cities whose names you don't
know and therefore cannot picked maybe
you couldn't pick one of those if your
life depended on there's no freedom in
that obviously okay and there are many
other cities whose names quite well
known to you which simply didn't occur
to you to pick the first instance Cairo
didn't occur to you absolutely no the
Cairo is a city but for whatever reason
your Cairo circuits were not engaged as
a matter of neurophysiology Cairo was
not in the cards so I want you think
about this were you free to choose that
which did not occur to you to choose now
based on this on a state of your brain a
few moments ago Cairo was not coming
where is the freedom in that okay I
don't this is another one of those
arguments I don't I don't really get
the point he's trying to make because
he's basically saying and and he
actually goes on to make the point like
okay look at it like a movie if we could
rewind time to when I asked you to come
up with a city like could you have
conceivably picked something else and
that's a weird way of putting it because
what he's asking is it's almost like a
tautology it's like things are how they
are by definition so can they be
different it's like well no if you ask
it like that of course things are what
they are
so no it couldn't be different if it if
you're just describing what is and
saying if we rewind it like it's a movie
and press play could it be different but
that doesn't strike me as anything other
than a tautology it doesn't mean that
conceivably or theoretically you know
you actually couldn't have given you
know slightly different circumstances
you couldn't have other you know parts
of your brain firing that give you a
different answer the question so I don't
really understand the point that he's
trying to make here it's but you see
this a lot where and I think Daniel
Dennett touches on this where people who
are hardcore determinists this is an
argument that they make where they say
okay look at the way things unfolded if
you could go back to you know five years
ago or ten years ago or whatever could
you conceivably have changed it and I
mean the very premise of the question
being that we're in a state of reality
right now where everything was a certain
way it's like well no because if you're
assuming that the state of reality is
the same as it is today but we rewind
time well then if we're still gonna end
up in this same place in time then no by
definition it couldn't have changed it's
a tautology to say that but that doesn't
strike me as a point it strikes me as
like an on point because again if you
use it the example like a movie
it's like saying okay if you press
rewind on an actual movie you know
whatever you pick the movie Mighty Ducks
or Tombstone like if we press rewind
would be the same thing well yeah by
definition will be the same thing
because it's the same movie but
that doesn't mean that it's not
conceivably or theoretically possible
that the outcome could change given
slight tweaks in one direction or
another whether it be tweaks in genetic
code or tweaks in you know the
environmental or a cultural experience
