hello everybody today I'm talking to
congressional candidate Amy vilela she's
a Justice Democrat running for office in
Nevada's fourth District now before I go
any further
Amy do I pronounce your last name
properly or no you do I did okay so it
is vilela cuz yeah okay all right good
because I wasn't I wasn't ever sure but
I just kept saying vilela and I was like
oh this is right but there's a lot of
stuff to talk about so she has just an
absolutely incredible personal story
she's a great candidate and there's some
stuff going on behind the scenes with
the d-triple-c in her specific race so
let's start off with first tell me about
your original opponent the the former
incumbent Ruben how do you say his
lesson kawin okay so tell me about him
explain everybody what happened with him
well you know most people know my story
that I became an activist and got
involved in politics on the link of my
daughter shall in steth and she was a
victim of our for-profit health care
system she died a needless and painful
death at the age of 22 and it really
spurred me on into activism after
meeting Nina Turner of course I got the
motivated to go out and start fighting
for Medicare for all and I had
approached many of the legislators in
our state of Nevada I really held off on
Ruben qyn because I thought that he
would be the lowest hanging fruit as he
was a member of the Progressive Caucus
so when the time came I went to a forum
and I met with him and I told him the
story in front of everyone about how she
Lin went to a local ER with every sign
and symptom and most of the risk factors
for a blood clot and was essentially
told to go get insurance and see a
specialist that they were not a doctor's
office this hospital violated and tala
which we are now in court for and I was
explaining this to him
I even went as far just to tell him that
they had to pull me away from her coffin
because I could not understand just even
comprehend never seeing my child again
and throughout this conversation he kept
on deflecting saying well I'm busy
fighting the ACA and I'm like well I'm
fighting for that to not be reversed as
well because we need to go forward and
not backwards and then he was saying how
he was busy with North Korea and then at
the very end he said you know I didn't I
heard your story today I didn't have to
be here I could've been out enjoying my
weekend and I decided that I was going
to primary Rubin he won because he ran
on the promises that health care was a
human right and then switched it up to
health insurance is a human right so
those are two very different things
and I felt that he was not he's being
disingenuous and his concern for health
care and he would not budge and he also
started having other thoughts that I
really didn't agree with he was one of
the few 12 in Congress to vote to make
it easier to deport people based on
whether or not they look like they
belonged in a gang although he was a
dreamer so these were very things that
told me that he really needs to be
called out he needed to be too we need
to let him know that it was unacceptable
that his constituents were not happy
with his voting record nor a lot of
important issues when some things he's
done really well but that there were
certain issues that we just wanted him
to vote with the people that were
important enough you know and you have
35,000 people a year dying from health
care that's a really important issue to
address while you're in legislature a
legislator one of those oh I started
primary him good it was the only one at
that point so one of the big issues
where you know you could kind of tell a
wolf in sheep's clothing is this issue
of health care because it's very easy
for Democrats to look at what the
Republicans are doing and then their
reaction is well we have to protect the
Affordable Care Act and nobody on the
left
is arguing against the Affordable Care
Act what people like you were saying
what I'm saying is we need to go further
it's not you know you still have about
20 million people who are uninsured with
the Affordable Care Act and there's only
one answer that we know will work and
will cover everybody and it's Medicare
for all and I think your story is
particularly powerful because you know
to to a lot of people I think the issue
of health care is academic it's not to
you it's more than that to you so you
know that these are lives and you know
that you know when they say 38,000 to
45,000 people die every year because
they don't have access to basic health
care you know all too well that those
are real people including your daughter
so yeah I always tell people that I
don't just take a moment you know a lot
of times you know most the time I'm able
to tell the story of shillin's death and
what happened to her and keep composure
there are times I'm not able to it's
very difficult I relive her death almost
daily so that I can try to help other
people but I always tell everyone to
take a moment I mean there was a year I
didn't even want to get out of bed I
didn't want to live I didn't even know
what I want to do with my life and again
it so hadn't been for other people
leading the way like Nina and hearing
her and a convention for single-payer
her telling me you know how that you
know you have to turn that the anguish
and that despair and that hurt and to
power in action
I don't know what I would have done and
I said you know let's think about this
in real times you know conservatively
we're talking about 35,000 times the
amount of pain I the dirty and since
chalene died almost three years ago very
conservatively we're looking at 105
thousand additional deaths that's
mind-blowing to me that that were not in
more outrage in this country than we are
right the first time I read her story
and your story I cried and you know I
covered it on secular talk and
I think it went from being sad to just
angry that's really angry so you know
I'm happy that you're running and trying
to fix this because this is a real
serious issue sorry I'm choking up now I
do it every day with me I'm not supposed
to be the one crying alright I'll try
I'll try to compose myself here um okay
so that's Ruben and then correct me if
I'm wrong here he he's the one who he
dropped out right he's not running now
yes he was there was a fad for
allegations of sexual harassment brought
against ribbon
taewin and he dropped out late December
at that point I was the only one in the
race I've been in since July I announced
actually on my birthday
that was the day I announced was in July
the 17th and he didn't drop out until
December okay so you announced a primary
he drops out you're the only Democrat in
the race and then what happens well then
it got really crowded so we have I have
five opponents right now primary
opponents and one of them in particular
is a very interesting opponent he was
previously the congressman in this
district he lost to the Republican
person who's running and then he left
and living worked for a lobbying firm
and decided I guess to come back into
state when there was an opportunity that
that presented itself to run for
Congress
and so the d-triple-c is backing him
correct yes he's on the red to blue so
like it's I think you know there was
that story in the intercept the other
week that really kind of showed exactly
what the d-triple-c is doing and at this
point they're not even hiding it their
whole goal is to defeat
the insurgent progressive candidates
like yourself and to get corporatist
pro-establishment pros status-quo
candidates elected and so for example
this guy Steven Horsford he's he's
taking super PAC money correct isn't he
taking a tremendous amount of corporate
money well there are there are doing
things for him he is taking PAC money
and it's interesting now because the way
that they're doing it is okay I'm not
taking corporate money which he is also
right but the majority of the PACs now
have changed from being in the name of
corporations to now that were in
leadership PACs so now we have a ton of
leadership PACs that are a lot of them
are mainly composed of corporate money
from the industries that they're saying
that they're going to be attacking and
going after right and you said I think
about 70 grand from Big Pharma he
actually took that straight out
throughout his career okay but this this
run here it's mode it's switched over
from being corporate PACs to now those
packs were when you look at the names
they sound great and tell you look at
what money is being funneled into those
PACs and so this is where we see where I
feel that they're coming after
progressives now saying well I'm not
going to take any corporate money but
they're nicely bundled up in leadership
PACs now where it's not so obvious
what's happening unless you really start
to go in and research and follow the
money of where this money is coming from
into these leadership PACs so it's
basically like they're trying to launder
it through you know they they take the
money they bundle it together it's from
corporations and big donors but they try
to launder it so that they hide behind
you know whatever it may be Democratic
leadership something something and all
right that's a that's a really see the
thing is they're they have to get clever
now because there is this progressive
wave that's striking and you know like
you have people like Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi who
or at least you're kind of upfront about
the fact that they're not really on the
left like they'll tell you no I'm not in
favor of medicare-for-all like I don't
want that now they're wrong right
they're wrong but at least they're
honest and you know exactly who you're
dealing with with a lot of these new
people they're trying to sound like
they're on the left but at the same time
they're taking the corporate money and
they're not being honest about what
their positions are right so net and
that's a real problem because now people
are thinking well they're not they're
calling themselves grassroots I don't
know what the definition of grassroots
is for them but I can tell you it looks
very different from what the definition
I think grassroots is and what we're
actually doing and how we're running our
race right so and you know we ran into
this issue with with Paula Jean
Swearengen now she managed to get about
30% of the vote in a race where she
raised less than $200,000 and joe
Manchin raised about 6 million dollars
and you know I had mentioned she has
absolutely nothing to be ashamed about
she fought out her heart out and you
know there were some people who
responded to me on Twitter like oh stop
making excuses and all that but my
response was well listen this is exactly
what we've been saying from day one is
that money in politics is the heart of
the problem and when you hat when you're
up against six million dollars and you
only raise $200,000 at the end of the
day it didn't even matter that that
message was more popular it's the fact
that it wasn't able to get out to the
people because the media wouldn't cover
exactly it drowns you out it drowns out
the message which is overwhelmingly
popular so there needs to be a way to
work around what they're doing and the
only real solution is small donors but
they need to hear about it so how can
let's talk about some of some of the
other issues that your campaign that
you're campaigning on so
medicare-for-all obviously is the big
one what other issues are important to
you we're really strong on education as
well making sure that our
schools you know keep public money into
public you know schools that were not
going and giving voucher system and that
were actually need to devote more into
our school system I'm also running on
you know livable wage Federal jobs
guarantee that's really moving us
towards Grant green energy that's
something we need desperately moved
towards something I tell people a lot is
that with my candidacy I bring a really
unique mix to Congress and that I have
been that single mother on Medicare and
and on food stamps and on WIC homeless
with my kids and then I worked right
through college and I became a CFO and I
understand precisely what is going on in
our economy and how we're really
everything is very intersectional and we
cannot talk about the issues you know
one issue alone without talking about
the other issues even with health care
even if everyone had health care if you
don't have employee protections in place
or you don't make enough you're not
gonna have the same level of health care
as someone who can afford to take off
from work or well doesn't risk being
fired for taking off work we're also
really big on the LGBTQ issues making
sure that we have equality and we have a
pretty strong foreign policy platform as
well and my husband is in the military
and I really have watched and seeing
what he's gone through and what's
happening and really admire people like
Tulsi on their stand on foreign policy
and making sure that we are going after
diplomacy before we declare acts of war
so you want to port the troops by not
sending them into harm's way needlessly
and ending the dumb Wars right exactly
and that's been something I think it
needs to come for more people who have
ties to the military because the first
thing people will say well you know you
don't have a right to speak well yeah I
do
and so this Tulsi and every and the
other people that are speaking up that I
have ties and have served or have family
members serving what I'm seeing now is
very disheartening sure so I was gonna
say Medicare for all are you for free
college
yes college living wage you hinted there
are you at some sort of like a new New
Deal program oh yeah a big okay big jobs
program New Deal
a green new New Deal right exactly
ending the wars so this is all you know
again when you go issue for issue these
are these issues pull through the roof
like in fact it's astonishing and that
even many Republicans like grassroots
Republicans average Joe Republicans if
you talk to them now it's more it's a
plurality of Republicans that actually
support Medicare for all there's more
Republicans that support Medicare for
all than don't which is really a
fascinating thing when you think about
it and basically what that tells me
Amy is that the populism wins you know
populism is a is a winning issue in that
it's bipartisan so you can get people on
the right and people on the Left to
support you as long as you're fighting
for the people well that goes to what I
believe I don't believe that
Trump won because everyone in the United
States is racist or ignorant I think he
won because he was running on a populist
platform and although he meant none of
it he was out there saying you know I'm
against really bad trade agreements I am
making to make sure you have a job I'm
gonna make sure you have health care
everyone's gonna have health care you
know these are the things that he was
running on he wasn't saying it was just
pie in the sky he was saying I'm gonna
do this I'm not your typical politician
that's what this is like really gets to
me is I don't understand how a vast
majority of the democratic party right
now does not see this for what it is and
say we need to make change and then we
have Pelosi going on saying well you
know no I don't think anyone once
changed I'm not there talking to people
every day we've knocked on over fifty
thousand doors and phone calls made
between doors and phone calls we've been
out there in the community both Democrat
and Republican and this actually
transcends over party lines you know
it's the it's the corporate Democratic
strategy to shame Trump voters and to
shame people on the Left who won't vote
for them because they're not appealing
to them with policies so when you
have something to actually offer people
to say here's why you should come vote
for me then it's a lot easier to just
shame people and say hey you know what
you're you just voted for that guy cuz
you're racist and you don't want to vote
for me because you're dumb
so they whereas you come along and
you're offering people a vision you're
offering people a social democratic
philosophy that they can get behind so
you don't need to shame Trump voters in
the process you know that's that that's
exactly like you said for people like
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer so tell
everybody where they can donate to you
because again you're not taking any
corporate PAC money and you're you're
raising money grassroots style so almost
just by virtue of that fact staying pure
you're at a disadvantage and everybody
needs to know that you know a lot of
people sit there and listen to what
you're saying and they'll go oh I really
like Amy of well I hope she wins but
they don't understand that they have the
the power to help you if they just
donate $5 or $10 or go the Bernie route
and donate $27 and the only way that
we're gonna win these races is if we can
keep up to try to get our message out
because we're at a permanent
disadvantage because the opponents are
taking corporate PAC money in there they
have so much more money again Joe
Manchin six million dollars apology and
Swearengen 185 thousand dollars you want
to see the difference in that race there
it is right there so tell everybody
where they can donate to your campaign
definitely and I want to add to what
you're saying is that that's something
we're running into a lot is progressives
are like well you don't need as much
money and you don't need to when we
don't need as much money but we do need
money in order to print materials signs
I mean so we can get the word out there
and amplified most of us cannot afford
to do TV ads so we need to have twice as
much going out into the field and
there's money give twice as much out
there in signage and that all costs
money and this is a very viable campaign
we are so close to getting a progressive
Democrat in the state of Nevada and
that's so important not just for 2018
but 2020 we have any hopes of getting a
true progressive or
someone who is very left in as president
we have to have this seat it's so
important so please come to my site it's
a me for the people calm and you know
definitely you know please donate if you
can volunteer you want dude phone
banking in the United State you can do
that as well as a volunteer section and
of course like and share the
progressives are you amplify our message
you know if you see a progressive you
like go in there and start sharing
sharing their information well less than
30 days out and there are some really
strong campaigns out there like mine
that are they are viable and they can
win so we are one of the forerunners in
this race what date is is is your
election what date is it our election is
June 12th early voting begins this month
on the 26th and we're doing a really
hard push right now to make sure that we
have enough with printed materials and
enough money to do a really strong
