so guess what everybody the US just
recognized Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel Trump is also gonna move the US
Embassy there which is really game set
match on this issue so what does that
mean well if the two-state solution was
almost dead before now it's just 100%
dead you know but it's beyond a pipe
dream at this point and for the longest
time when other progressives had already
kind of abandoned the idea of the
two-state solution and they said no
there needs to be one state with equal
rights because that's the only thing at
this point that's possible I held on to
the idea of the two-state solution for a
longer time than many progressives but
now even I'm off it because it's not it
is just so obviously and clearly a lie
to continue to perpetuate the status quo
and have permanent occupation and
apartheid so it's dead it's dead it's a
hundred percent dead this is the nail in
the coffin now under a two-state deal
what would have happened is Jerusalem
would be split with East Jerusalem being
the capital of an independent
Palestinian state but now you have Trump
saying Jerusalem is the capital of
Israel and then people go as far as to
say the undivided capital of Israel why
would they say undivided in other words
what they're saying is it's ours it's
all ours
these Palestinians can go [ __ ]
themselves
and by the way hashtag the resistance
Chuck Schumer totally agrees with Donald
Trump on this the top Democratic leaders
are like right on I'd see that again I
don't want I don't want to be labor this
point but I feel like I'm doing it
because I'm responding to the people who
are belaboring this point but the reason
why corporate Democrats don't shut the
[ __ ] up about Russia Russia Russia
is because it's an issue that's easy
that allows them to not talk about any
positive vision that they have so -
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia oh my
god the president is basically a
Manchurian Candidate
he's a Putin puppet he's a foreign agent
you know he's beholden to a hostile
actor foreign actor they talk about that
because they want to distract from the
fact that they kind of agree with him
and the Republicans on many issues it
was there were a few Democrats who
crossed over to deregulate Wall Street
just recently we covered that story it
well if you agree on deregulating wall
street then where why are you where are
you drawing the differences between you
and the Republicans oh I know Russia
uh Trump's beholden to Russia or
something anyway I'm gonna now vote with
him on deregulating Wall Street ah Trump
Russia Trump Russia Trump Russia
oh he just declared Jerusalem the
capital of Israel I totally agree with
him on that one Oh
Russia Russia Russia oh my god isn't the
Russia thing crazy Oh Trump she's bombed
Assad and the Syrian government even
though they're fighting Isis I agree
with him on that one so you do see the
trick that's being played damn of
corporate Democrats they're not talking
about medicare-for-all they're not
talking about free college they're not
talking about a living wage they're not
talking about ending the wars they're
not talking about ending the drug war
they're not giving you a positive vision
as to what they want to do for the
country they're saying Russia Russia
Russia and then secretly agreeing with
Trump on incredibly toxic and odious
parts of his agenda but I no no I'm I'm
the crazy one and I'm the one that's all
you know I'm the one that somehow
wrapped up in hysteria that seems to me
like the opposite is true and by the way
I support what Muller's doing and that
he's using this issue as a gateway to
take down Trump administration officials
for corruption and financial crimes I'm
100% on board with that but what I'm
talking about is democratic messaging
there's a reason why they're only
talking about Russia because it's easy
and it's safe and it means they don't
have to talk about all the other issues
to improve your life because they don't
really believe in fighting on those
issues they kind of agree with the
Republicans a sad percentage of the time
so hashtag the resistance is totally
with them on this so this is a slap in
the face to all Palestinians and it
exposes the peace process for the farce
that it is and listen it's illegal under
international law is what it is what
they're doing is totally illegal the UN
says no that's not the case they go we
don't care only the US can call like a
press conference and just casually
announce that yeah international law we
don't we disagree the [ __ ] that's not
that's not a thing you could just be a
yeah no that's not that's our on the
table the whole idea of the law just is
supposed to be blind equal protection
under the law it's supposed to apply to
everybody equally but the US Trump
called a press conference to say yeah
international law some international law
we disagree and then of course what's
gonna happen now there is definitely
gonna be a violent backlash because now
it's proving that diplomacy hasn't
worked that is proven that is proven
that this is the the trick that's been
played on the Palestinians all these
years hey come on why don't you just
negotiate directly with Israel and then
you'll be able to get your you know the
answer you want and the outcome you want
that's good for everybody so then they
go to go and do that and Netanyahu and
the Israeli government go no we disagree
with every single one of the things that
you want there is no middle ground here
and we're not going to do any of the
things that you propose and then
Palestinians go okay well I guess I'll
go to the international community then
when they go to the international
community
Israel turns around goes oh how dare you
go behind our backs international
community why don't you do direct
negotiations with us do we just talk
with you and you said no then they go to
the international community the US and
Israel block any attempt to really fix
this problem and then every now and then
there will be a bubble up of violence
that comes to the surface there will be
a disproportionate reaction from the
Israeli
that Massacre civilians and children
like what happened in Gaza in 2014 I
think it was 80% or more civilians who
were killed
Israel bond hospitals they bomb the only
power plant in Gaza they bombed schools
so when there's violence you know it's
met with disproportionate violence and
of course people go hey that's immoral
don't use violence then when they try to
go to direct negotiations as Rios know
we're not gonna agree to anything you
say then they go to the international
community Israel in the u.s. block it
and round and round around we go and
then now they're saying oh now we're
just gonna declare that a key portion of
what would be part of the peace
negotiations where there would obviously
have to be a deal over Jerusalem where
you'd split it up
no we're declaring that that's our quote
undivided capital and then again when
there's now when there's a violent
backlash they're gonna go off oh my
goodness who could have seen this coming
[ __ ] everybody with the brain cuz it
turns out when you walk into somebody's
house and you say this is mine now get
the [ __ ] out
turns out they get mad they get mad and
they say I'm gonna let you steal
everything I know that's mine and then
what I'm just gonna walk away into the
sunset no they're gonna there's gonna be
a violent backlash because they're gonna
say you're taking our what is ours so
it's unbelievable that we just announced
it so casually like yeah I know we and
Trump had the nerve and this is the most
disgusting part of it all in my opinion
and you know Israel is gonna do the same
line here they go oh we're announcing
that Jerusalem Jerusalem is the
undivided capital of Israel but
understand that this is not in any way
an attempt to undermine the peace
process this is an attempt to get a fair
deal for both Israel and Palestine are
you kidding me there's something that's
even more insidious about somebody who
is your enemy but pretends to be your
friend that's even
more insidious than somebody who's just
like I'm against you and I'm gonna let
you know upfront and that's what the US
is doing here and that's what Israel's
doing here as they spit in the eye of
all Palestinians they Jack their
territory this is illegal under
international law this legitimizes about
two hundred thousand illegal settlements
in occupied East Jerusalem so they steal
your [ __ ] and then they go what what no
no this isn't in any way me trying to
you know do something that's not fair on
your behalf I want a fair deal for
everybody
it's so [ __ ] weaselly and slimy and
the rest of the world goes that's some
[ __ ]
every other country is like what are can
you stop with this nonsense but now
we're in a position where what do you do
what do you do in this situation I mean
honestly the only hope is the EU
basically saying okay we're not going to
stand for this anymore and now we're
gonna do an official boycott we're not
interested in products coming out of
Israel definitely products coming out of
you know the occupied territories we're
gonna do an official boycott basically
all of the EU hopping on board with BDS
would be I don't know the only way to
put a sufficient amount of international
pressure where eventually you get some
sort of solution and at this point I
don't know what the solution would be i
outside of a one-state solution for the
longest time i supported a two-state
solution because palestinians seem to
indicate if the options are you know
nothing or having an independent
Palestine along the 67 borders they'll
take the independent Palestine along the
67 borders but at this point if they're
just saying that's not that's not
happening ever so you need a one state
deal with equal rights for Palestinians
to stop permanent apartheid but then in
that situation you're still dealing with
you know a hundred years or more of
insane you know oppression and unequal
treatment
and so it's not it's not gonna be easy
it's almost like a desegregating the
South kind of thing so what do you do I
don't know that you use would have to
apply pressure and even then the the
terms of such a deal are difficult to
wrap your mind around and fathom because
we all knew the terms of what a deal
would be if it was a two-state deal
roughly along the 1967 borders you know
split up Jerusalem but now it's like
we're right back to square one and they
got to figure something out and it I
mean it's all on the EU to do it because
the u.s. is just gonna 100% back Israel
no matter what it did under Obama now
it's doing it under at least under Obama
there was the symbolic like these
illegal settlements are not okay it was
a non-binding resolution it was just
totally symbolic but now you know the
trouble administration's like yeah we
don't care we don't care whatever Israel
wants whatever Netanyahu and the
far-right wants so EU step up sign on to
BDS that's all I could think of really
that could even begin to unravel and try
to fix this situation and even then it's
a pain in the ass and who knows how
it'll get resolved but just so you know
who is Trump serving here with this
decision well to answer that question
let me show you a clip of one of the
people who's most excited by this greens
to all of our partners and John Hagee
ministries and Christians United for
Israel across America today is an
historic day today President Donald
Trump has recognized the city of
Jerusalem as the capital of the state of
Israel this has never been done before
by a u.s. president president Trump told
me when last we spoke
regarding the embassy that he would not
disappoint us speaking of the
evangelical community and today he has
kept that promise president Truong
has made a bold and courageous stand
that will be remembered in history
forever like President Harry Truman who
made a bold and courageous decision to
recognize Israel at statehood president
Trump has stepped into political
immortality what he has done today will
be eternally celebrated this shows the
world that Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel is not up for negotiation and
America is and shall always remain a
loyal ally of Israel I encourage every
person to express your support to the
president for keeping his promise and
for standing with Israel America's only
friend in the Middle East god bless each
and every one of you
he said Donald Trump stepped into
political immortality by doing this
that's John Hagee he's a fundamentalist
evangelical in the United States he
wrote a book where he said 2014 is the
beginning of the apocalypse because of
the blood moons he wrote a book thing
end times is gonna start in 2014 this
guy he literally believes Jesus will
come back and you know Massacre Jews in
Israel and usher in end times by the way
under Biblical prophecy that land has to
all be Israel so that that's why he
supports this that's why he supports
yeah whatever ethnically cleanse
Palestinians kick them off their own
land we don't care about them because
according to the Bible that land is all
Israel's and then that allows Jesus to
come back and usher in end times so
these are the people
the evangelical fundamentalist far-right
Bible literalists who have been pushing
Trump all along hey this is what you
have to do about Israel don't worry
about the Palestinian you got to be a
good friend of Israel how do you be good
friend of Israel well you gotta say hey
Jerusalem is the undivided capital of
Israel don't look the other way when
Netanyahu goes on his [ __ ] purging
campaigns and bombs women and children
so this is religious lunatics saying we
need to fulfill Bible prophecy so give
it give it all to Israel by the way the
far right in Israel is ecstatic over
this ultra-orthodox fundamentalist Jews
are ecstatic over this there's a group
in Israel that called for Obama to be
assassinated in the street in 2015 that
did a press statement the other day and
they were like we love what Donald Trump
is doing here this is a great thing that
Donald Trump is doing so this is Donald
Trump caving to extreme ultra
fundamentalists with Christians and Jews
and trying to fulfill Biblical prophecy
and letting them do whatever they want
because that's his base that's his base
right there so this is this is who's
happy about this and again now you're
gonna take a region that's already a
volatile region that's already on fire I
mean look at what's happening in Syria
and you're gonna virtually guarantee
more fighting new fighting bubbling up
of tensions 100% because it turns out
when you steal somebody's [ __ ] they get
kind of mad so couldn't have done
anything worse than this this is as bad
as it gets on that issue and I mean I
guess the only thing that some people
would consider an upside is that okay
well at least now we're done pretending
the two-state solution as a thing and
that this was my
awakening on that to my argument had
always been hey listen if a two-state
solution is a pipe dream I can only
think of one thing that's a bigger pipe
dream which is a one state solution but
now what they're saying is it's not even
it's not ambiguous that you even under a
very administration that's tough on
Israel in the US which haha laughs along
with me
you're never gonna roll back all these
advancements I mean all the land that
Israel's on post 1967 is illegal under
international law but now you're talking
about you know recognition of the two
hundred thousand or more settlers who
are uh you know who are illegally
occupying in East Jerusalem so it's just
it's so far gone now that well some
people would say hey at least we're done
with that you know delusion and we could
all agree it's a one state solution with
equal rights in this matter of fighting
and for and implementing that but make
no mistake about it this is a giant
mistake it's to appease the far-right
fundamentalists and it's illegal and it
will lead to violence
