what's up you willy wonka [ __ ] I
don't know what that means and neither
does corn but I said you know what I've
seen a lot of mal recently well
everybody's clowning the father from
Willy Wonka or it was at his grandfather
or some [ __ ] the dude who's like in the
bed the whole time um no I don't know
what you're talking about
oh well sold Willy Wonka he he like the
father or grandfather is like in the bed
on bed rest for dumb along and then
Willy Wonka comes to the house with the
goat like with the chocolate bar
whatever it gets the golden ticket and
then his grandfather whatever who
supposedly had been on bed rest for like
27 million years all of a sudden sees
that he wins like the prize to go to
this crazy chocolate [ __ ] and he like
jumps outta bed and starts like dancing
and going nuts and everybody's like you
know this [ __ ] is he's been good
old uh my line to get disability like
supposedly the mom is like a housewife
and like the son takes care of him and
all of a sudden he's like he won the
lotto and his grandfather's just like
well bet I'm good that story kind of
reminded me of my grandma on my excuse
me on my dad's side she she had like she
was really smart but she had like
serious mental issues she was manic
depressive son like she'd go through
these phases where she would be like
super almost like she did like a
shitload of coke and she'd be like super
awake and like figuring [ __ ] out and
working and but then she'd go through
the Depression phases to where she would
don't want to talk to anybody don't want
to see anybody don't want to go anywhere
don't want to eat anything and she had
like serious issues but she like bipolar
or was it just like yeah a polar manic
depressives all those things and so like
by the end of her towards the end of her
life though like she spent the last like
30 years of her life just like in her
apartment just like reading [ __ ] and
like watching [ __ ] on TV but like I
remember looking at up and like looking
at her medic her med her meds it was
like she had like every [ __ ] medicine
Under the Sun
for like [ __ ] anti-anxiety [ __ ]
antidepressant [ __ ] antipsychotic [ __ ]
it was like all that stuff it's crazy
how they give all that [ __ ] to old
people like I think I had a not a
grandmother but I think I had an aunt
who had all that [ __ ] too yeah it's like
you're giving [ __ ] 15 plus different
medicines to these people who don't even
remember like like some basic [ __ ] and
you think they're gonna remember to take
two of those and one of those and then
that yeah it's not good but when I get
that old I'm having those [ __ ] pills
hell yeah that's you
well I'm just thinking about that right
now like how the [ __ ] do they remember
like like that they didn't take that
pill right no they don't they do I don't
think I don't think my grandma did of
course not if anyway she would like call
my my dad and be like buck I need you to
get me whatever fill-in-the-blank and
let you be some [ __ ] like from the
kitchen and that [ __ ] is like 20 feet
away from her and he'd be like get up
and get it yourself you'd be like I
can't do it but she could do it like she
didn't do it she would just be like I
can't do this or that it's like no you
could do it you just don't want to do it
and he was right she actually could like
you could like Hatcher you walk in you
could just catch her like walking around
[ __ ] walking actually before we do
anything else we got to do we have a new
tradition on Kyle and corn we do a poll
every time we do a thing oh yeah
so I got a poll for today but I wanted
to talk to you about what we put in the
poll first because there's four options
and we got to whittle it down okay we're
gonna do best soda that's what we're
gonna do but we need to figure out which
four go in there so I think cream sodas
gotta be on there okay so we're gonna we
have we have no choice but to do coke
right and push coke slash Pepsi right we
have to put that in the [ __ ] right or do
we not I don't know is why I'm asking
you this is why I wanted to talk about
it I feel like we have to like if you
don't want to like our own poll for
[ __ ] Coke or Pepsi you want to do all
we should do that so we got to do two
polls then because you say Pepsi right
I'm a Pepsi I like better
imma call right let's do that one first
we'll just do that one and then I wanted
to get to
I was thinking like if I had to pick my
favorite soda mm-hmm once saw one last
soda to drink right man I had to pick
one last soda to drink that's a hard one
for me I think it's a tough one because
I try to I try to decide that when I buy
a soda in the supermarket I'm like what
do I want to drink for the rest of my
life type of [ __ ] it's a genius way to
think about it no but I think I know
what I would pick I do I think I'd go
with dr. pepper I love the one that's
got to be in there yeah yeah I don't
know why but I love it I think I have
one too randomly what it's the cherry
7up oh that [ __ ] if you put it in a
glass it's just like some ice cubes yeah
what okay I got to ask you this one cuz
I want to see your reaction to this one
what do you think of vanilla coke I'm a
big fan I'm a big fan too in it's weird
because they sell it in the supermarket
in cans yeah but they don't sell it in
like a two-liter bottle bottle or
anything like that I wonder if that
[ __ ] up like the ingredients or some
[ __ ] like but I wonder how much of that
they sell have you ever had cherry 7up
cherry 7up - it is delicious
didn't I just say that should know you
said cherry coke oh did I say Terry
Colby cherry separately my cherry 7up
okay yeah both of them are delicious
though cherry coke and cherries banging
throughout yeah my bad I meant cherry
seven red cherry 7up okay yeah now
they're both see this is what I'm saying
this why it's so hard to even make this
poll so okay 7up is a [ __ ] that's a
banger like okay that I love Terry seven
first things first we're gonna do the
traditional just Coke or Pepsi okay
because we we should have an it's I find
it fascinating that you and I are on
separate sides of this one I think
perhaps I think you're you're following
your base is more Pepsi drinkers as my
bowl I mean I got like like obscure like
I don't I don't want to do Pepsi I mean
coke of all the polls though we've done
like what four polls I think the people
who only disagree with me on one so like
the trend is but then again there's no
way they would know
like what I would think of this without
me talking about it true so all right
let's let's find out so first we're
gonna do coke coke versus Pepsi yeah I
like I just I think Pepsi has like a
better taste to it but don't get me
wrong there's nothing there's nothing
bad about like an ice-cold coca-cola -
yeah I love like like Mexico they use
like real sugar as opposed to here and I
heard it yeah yeah I heard that
I don't know if they mean tasting or
health-wise but I heard it's better that
could also be on some type of [ __ ] that
we talked about before or it's like
since we don't have it the rumor just
goes around that that [ __ ] is better you
know like yeah well Pepsi commercial on
my TV right now that's a sign that might
be a sign remember they came out with
all these different they came out like
Pepsi Max and like Crystal Pepsi I don't
even know if I ever had that remember
that Crystal Pepsi no what the [ __ ] was
that it was some [ __ ] that they sold in
like the 90s and then they discontinued
it they made like a big thing of it and
then it didn't do well it's like the
arch deluxe with McDonald's they were
like doing the arch deluxe like this is
the next [ __ ] I use the next Big Mac
[ __ ] like everybody's supposed to love
this and they discontinued it okay I
poked the first Polar's which is better
I put coca-cola Pepsi we're gonna do
length because for the show we're gonna
do an hour well good enough that's the
thing is that we get enough in an hour
like we get plenty of votes in an hour
yeah and that's an easy one so even if
you you're against our [ __ ] polls you
gotta have a favourite in that [ __ ] oh
you have to have - okay but now we have
to whittle down the best soda period so
okay we're agreeing then we're gonna put
dr. pepper on the list and we're
agreeing we're gonna put cherry 7up on
the list obviously so those do there's
only four choices that we get though so
what do we put for the other two because
that's hard because that's why I think
you got a cross off root beer because I
feel like dr. pepper is in that same
category yeah and you gotta cross off
Coke and Pepsi - for the best so like
we're asking Coke and Pepsi in a
separate poll but we're not gonna put
that in the best cuz who really thinks
that one of those is the best
yeah like the better I think I got one
like for the list what are soda I was
just gonna say like orange orange I want
to do like orange / grape
but is that like is that like almost
cheating cuz it's like that's two-in-one
like that like it's not two-in-one but I
think it's different enough that I'm
just thinking about myself here because
I don't like grape at all like so if I
saw that on your so Orange slash grape
you'd be like I'm not gonna click that
sound like great yeah cuz I don't want
it I don't want to give my vote towards
great you just hit me on another level
right there alright so then we gotta go
cherry 7up Dr Pepper orange soda and
cream soda
are we missing anything we can if we
were missing something we got to kick
something off the list no hard to kick
you off the list of that list that's a
good-ass lewis like it was one time I
had I had strawberry soda but I'm not
gonna add that on the list because it's
so rare yeah you know like I think it
was like a strawberry crush and that
[ __ ] was bang that sounds good but you
could you have like multiple glasses of
that like could you refill you know you
can't you can't have multiple you can
only have like one aren't soda I think
you could refill your drink the whole
night if you're eating pizza or Chinese
food or some [ __ ] cream soda same thing
there was a pizzeria when I was a kid
that we used to go to they had the best
fountain orange soda it was like they
put crystal meth in it or something he
was just so delicious I could just drink
that fountain orange soda all day
there's something meals that you just
need a [ __ ] call that soda with you
know like even if even if you're
allergic and you like died from soda if
you have it three times in your life you
have to have it you have it so okay so
what are is that what we're doing we're
doing dr. pepper cherry 7up orange and
cream or do you want to axe cream and
put something else because even though
I'm not I wouldn't pick cream I see how
that could go on that list yeah I'm not
against it going on the list because I
feel like a lot of people might be like
I'm picking cream soda
I feel like root beer is the father of
cream soda and sort of would get cited
if you didn't put room so the kind of
cakes root beers ass though I really do
I think cream soda kind of kicks root
beers ass it does
I think there's your siblings mediocre
that's what I like I've only ordered a
root beer maybe like four times in my
life because there's no G of soda game
though it is it is OG it is OG but
that's
you can that's like picking like who's
the best golfer ever and then somebody's
like [ __ ] Gene Sarazen it's like that
dude's been dead since 1936 yeah if I
could say that he hasn't been dead that
long but you got my point like yeah yeah
yeah yeah they pick a dude from like
1943 yeah it's like you're not no stop
it's either jack or tiger pick one oh
you don't do that yeah true mm-hmm I
like that list I'm trying to think if
there's anything we're missing out or
like we're not sold on cream soda like
there's something we might yeah cream
soda is it's there but it's not missing
anything I don't know those are the four
that I would look at if I'm looking at
the shelf I'm confident I'll lock them
that answer oh I already have the
preliminary results for the Coke versus
Pepsi but I'm not gonna spoil it back
Abbi I'm not gonna spoil it yet because
what I'll do is I'll come back at the
end of these polls and then we'll give
the answer trying to run through the
trying to run through like the soda
aisle right now yeah those is a good
okay so now we go from which it I did
The Witches better Paul Coke or Pepsi no
I'm now I'm I just typed the best soda
and here we go oh let me do this I'm
watching uh Ellen DeGeneres's new show
she has a new show yeah it's um they
like just do all these crazy games like
the game is show the show is called game
of games and literally every contestant
is like someone who is from her audience
like x 500 million on crack oh [ __ ] so
you ever like seen a highlight of her
show or her show and like she calls an
audience member up to the front yes I
have and they do and it's just like it's
yeah and they're like just like running
in place jumping it down and they can't
put a sentence together and just
clapping their hands and smiling and
that's what every contestant on this
show is what games are they play though
do they play games that are kind of
interesting and that you
you want to watch it or is it just
stupid yeah it's it's pretty fun like
they stand on this like circle that
drops you into this thing and like you
answer a question but I'm a little tight
at the contestants because it's it's
like they're too excited they're too
excited it's fake it's like fake it's
really fake and then right and then you
look at Ellen and she I've said this
before she doesn't look like she's happy
doing what she's doing she might not be
I mean she's been doing like the very
lowbrow kind of talk shows for a while I
mean she has spoken about serious issues
which probably she's happy when she does
that but most of the time she's you know
being silly I feel that way about Fallon
because Fallon does that [ __ ] all the
time
yeah and then everybody starts [ __ ]
on him like hey [ __ ] you had donald
trump on your show and pet it in like
stop like Ellen's all over Hillary yeah
but she's just like she'll give away
like ten thousand dollars or some [ __ ]
and she's like hands over the check like
here [ __ ] here seems tight about
it okay so I so let's um so I was
talking today I did like a live stream
today all night talking [ __ ] and one of
the things I was talking about was like
starting the first I'm on my diet again
you know like I'm on my diner new me
exactly and I'm working out so but I
like I've already been like tempted by
food I shouldn't eat and stuff of course
yeah when you were you text me about
Wendy's I was like the whole Wendy's
yeah so but I realized like I go back
and forth I go back and forth between
wanting to be like on some of the rock
[ __ ] like yeah I get up and go to the
gym and I'm on point versus wanting to
be on some demotivational like don't be
yourself yes I don't care about any of
this [ __ ] you me let me eat whatever I
want do whatever I want so I decided
today I went I got the top ten
motivational quotes from brainy quote
it's like a website that does quote yeah
I got the list of the top ten I want and
what all-time that's what they say it's
me no it's not there's no like you can't
objectively measure it
you know they just made a list though we
think these are the top ten so I want to
do those and I got the top ten D
motivational quotes and I wanted to go
through them and then we're gonna
determine which ones make more sense I
feel like the number one D motivational
quotes should just be nah just chill
like what's or whatever someone says
because I'd agree with that I mean yeah
that makes sense you should you know
cycle workouts like now just to add
exactly like I get that all right so I
think I think a lot of these
motivational ones are corny I just kind
of skimmed through it before fight it
like listen to this one this is
motivational or D motivational this is
the motivational okay always do your
best what you plant now you will harvest
later yeah I mean just basic like you'll
see that on a third grade teachers wall
or some [ __ ] but like like I've seen
motivational quotes and I'm like oh [ __ ]
I like that [ __ ] like there was one of
my favorite ones was from Martin Luther
King he said the time is always right to
do what's right
oh sure it is the time is always right
to do what's right you know and that
could give you like a little burst of
like yeah let's [ __ ] do it you know
yeah but then there are other
motivational quotes they're just like so
corny that you're like I don't want to
be motivational now because you just hit
me with some corny [ __ ] like that one
always do your what like that's just a
given yeah like always do your best will
you plant now you will harvest later I
think well what about like what if I
want some [ __ ] gains now they'll tell
me what I plant now I'm gonna harvest
later and I want to wait for the [ __ ]
harvest you know what I mean you got to
hit me with some [ __ ] that makes me feel
it more yeah that one doesn't have like
a lot of oomph to it okay here's one
that's even worse because it just drags
on infuse your life with action don't
wait for it to happen make it happen
make your own future make your own hope
make your own love and whatever your
beliefs honor your Creator not by
passively waiting for grace to come down
from upon high but by doing what you can
to make grace happen yourself right now
God to him
yeah like shut the [ __ ] up okay that I'm
about to get off my diet reading these
that one was only that one was
definitely a motivational speaker at an
event who said the first part of that
[ __ ] and the audience didn't start
clapping yeah you just kept going yeah
that was actually Bradley Whitford who's
an actor why the [ __ ] is he even on this
list failure what do you say
he said you scroll up he definitely said
like one sentence the audience was like
that's it that's okay yeah that's a good
boy infuse your life with action people
were like I don't know what is it
don't don't wait for it to happen make
it happen okay the commercial for the
casinos there's a commercial in New York
for the casinos really do this they sing
that song oh that's funny make your own
future make your own hope okay that's so
bad I'm gonna back was definitely like
yeah I'm leaving in the demotivational
opinion of ones and we haven't even
gotten to him yet the next one is
failure will never overtake me if my
determination to succeed is strong
enough that one's okay yeah no they're
like just Kimmy do you know though
there's one that was on like a shirt
when I was when I saw when I was younger
I thought it was [ __ ] brilliant well
it was a workout thing it was like and
he was like pain is weakness leaving the
body or something like yeah I've heard
that I was like oh I like that I like
that one yeah it sounds like I could see
that like you're in pain working out but
that's like that's your weakness leaving
it's like okay I can [ __ ] with that
remember those um like life is good
