so Twitter decided to uptick their D
platforming and censorship campaign I
wish that was hyperbole but it's really
not so the other day
TJ Kirk also known as the amazing
atheist he's a youtuber with over a
million subscribers he had over a
hundred thousand Twitter followers um he
tweeted something that is without
question not even close
satirizing racism so there was the
recent case of Sarah Jean I think her
name is she was hired by the New York
Times and a bunch of right-wing
snow-flakes dug up her past tweets and
some of them were either very offensive
jokes some people would say offensive
jokes I don't give a [ __ ] about jokes oh
I don't know what I'd categorize them as
I would just say she's a silly person
but she said some stuff about how it
brings me pleasure to see old white men
in pain or something of that effect and
you know there were tweets that were
either jokes or you could say are
reflections of how she really feels and
she legitimately is uh not too fond of
white people well either way
TJ Kirk saw this high profile case it
was big news and he decided okay I'm
gonna satirize that so what did he say
white people are diseased they are aids
they are a pox upon the earth and
everything and every stinking cracker
one of them should die of every disease
at once so New York Times has about a
lucrative job at your paper I think I
have demonstrated the qualifications so
it's hard I can't even wrap my mind
around the idea that somebody might read
that and think it's serious I mean he
says every stinking cracker one of them
should die of every disease at once all
white people should die of every disease
at once even if you don't think it's
funny he is clearly being satirical and
poking fun at the tweet where Sarah
Zhang was
either seriously or semi seriously
expressing that notion it's not even
close it's not remotely close it is
beyond obvious you would have to pull a
totally out of context hack job and
misinterpret on purpose to not get that
like if you see white people are a
disease full-stop well then maybe I
could say okay perhaps you thought it
was serious cuz all you saw was white
people are diseased if you read the
whole tweet there's no again it's not
even close it's obviously satirical in
nature so where's the problem you're so
get this
Sarah Zhang who did the you know those
tweets some a similar tweet to this but
maybe was serious I don't know again
maybe she's joking maybe she's serious I
don't know again I don't care
but either way she was not pulled and
she didn't lose her job at the New York
Times now let me be clear I don't want
her to get pulled from Twitter and I
wouldn't even want her to lose her job
in the New York Times why because I
don't care I'm not
I hate call our culture and outrage
culture just everybody let it go let it
go you could say hey this is stupid or
this is wrong and here's why butts call
for people to lose their job or anything
like that it's just it's just stupid and
your priorities are misaligned and you
care about things that are just stupid
culture war sideshows as we have real
issues going on like wars and [ __ ]
corruption at the highest levels of
government with money in politics and
people don't have health care no less F
so let it go
but she is allowed to stay on Twitter
she's allowed to keep her job at the New
York Times TJ who was making fun of her
potential racism pulled from the
platform he appealed it he appealed the
decision guess what they were like nope
you're in violation of our Terms of
Service sorry you're spreading hateful
content you're banned
now again let me let me make another
parallel for you Alex Jones who has
recently pulled from YouTube and Spotify
and all that now I don't agree with that
I would have left Alex Jones up I've
explained you know reasons why I think
that is
but Alex Jones Twitter is standing by
Alex Jones
now if you're from my school of thought
you go okay credit to them on that one
you know even though there were
instances of him violating the Terms of
Service the question is hey doesn't
merit the the internet death penalty the
Twitter death penalty so they're
standing by him but they axe TJ when
again
TJ is doing satire here is making fun of
somebody who was maybe racist okay this
makes no sense
this makes no sense but this is what
happens we've now opened the door
we've now opened the door to censorship
and des platforming so just as I told
you from the beginning it's never gonna
be used in an objective way ever ever
ever because behind this all are human
beings human beings that have their own
personal biases human beings that are
not you know a perfect logic machines
and listen I don't want to muddy the
issue here because I really do think TJ
this example with TJ is a particularly
egregious example from Twitter and they
should reverse it immediately
immediately by the way this video at
Twitter support at Twitter support on
Twitter and tell them that say hey you
guys messed up with TJ you're gonna
you're gonna have to bring them back
this isn't a question I mean you
obviously [ __ ] up now be nice about it
but tell them hey you gotta put him back
on the platform what are you doing here
now again I don't want to muddy the
waters but I do want to give other
examples here because this is again you
we open the door to the censorship and
now there's no ending there's no
stopping it it's not a hey maybe this is
a slippery slope we're in the midst of
the slippage we're already like more
than halfway down that slope so this
also happened Twitter suspends proud
boys accounts ahead of the unite the
right rally now let me be clear about
something
proud boys they're this stupid goofy
dumb group that Gavin McGinnis has Gavin
McGinnis is a right-wing hipster douche
bag he's not cool he's not edgy I think
these are the biggest losers in the
world
I mean proud boys what it even sounds
like really stupid and pathetic so these
are the guys who were like yeah well
we're right wing and we're white and
we're proud about it we're not gonna
hide it what do you care brown white
whatever bro cool I'm cool with it relax
you're not a pressed [ __ ] chill out
but so I don't like this group I think
they're really stupid I've ripped Gavin
McGinnis a new [ __ ] like 14 times
before he went after MLK one time and it
was the dumbest thing I've ever seen but
putting all that aside what was the
reason that they gave for getting rid of
Gavin McInnes well here's what a Twitter
spokesperson said quote we can confirm
that these accounts have been suspended
from Twitter and periscope for violating
our policy prohibiting violent extremist
groups so just because they're a group
that has been deemed hateful now they
have they're not allowed to say anything
on Twitter and they are pulled down from
social media now again I don't like the
proud boys and I actually do think
there's a semi-legit angle to this claim
because as part of their induction
ceremony to be a proud boy it you have
to I think beat somebody up who's like a
leftist or something like that now I
don't know the details of it maybe
that's not true I don't know you have to
get their side of it also but from what
I've read that might be true that that's
part of the induction ceremony into
being a proud boy but they say because
of that their account is gonna be pulled
down Gavin McInnes his account is gonna
be pulled down nothing on the account
called for a direct threat of violence
nothing was liable libel nothing was
slander nothing was defamation
nobody even is arguing or saying that
that's the case they just say you're a
group we consider hateful by definition
so we're gonna pull you down well you do
know what's gonna happen don't you
all the groups that are antiva that are
against these people who are counted
protesting them what's gonna happen is
the right now gonna sit back and go it's
cool ban all of our accounts but then
you don't there will be no parity and
we're not gonna come after you in kind
so what'll happen is they'll you know
take three or four examples of anti feh
going too far potentially being violent
and they'll say well what happened
obviously Twitter has a left-wing bias
because they ban the proud boys so if
you guys want to be fair about this and
active about this well you're gonna have
to get rid of the left-wing violent
groups too so ante fuh forget it ban
them there's gonna be a campaign to try
to get ante fab and there's gonna be you
know black lives matter there are some
examples of some black lives matter
protesters marching and chanting what do
we want dead cops when do we want it now
so the right will point to that and say
hey you just banned the proud boys you
just ban these right-wing groups and you
said their group is violent by
definition because some people in the
group may be more violent so that's the
same thing with an Tifa that's the same
thing with black lives matter pigs in a
in a blanket fry em like bacon that's
another thing that some black lives
matter protesters said now is this
reflective of the entire group I would
argue no but that's not gonna matter
because once you start pulling people
down and you say by definition you are
violent there is no end to that it will
continue ad nauseam ad infinitum so
you're gonna have they're gonna come
after an Tifa they're gonna come after
black lives matter and maybe you don't
like antiva maybe you don't like black
lives matter so you go hey you know what
that's fine but it never ends the
censorship keeps going so that's why i
always try to point out to you guys that
while you must a fight it's fine to take
down alex jones he actually does hate
speech what the [ __ ] do you think a Ted
Cruz voter thinks when he's watching a
video of mine and I'm a ripping
fundamentalist Christians a new [ __ ]
what do they think oh that's lovely
speech and that's just a different
opinion from mine no they go this guy is
spreading hate speech he just called
fundamentalist Christians idiots he's
offending over a billion people on this
planet who are Christians and I will not
stand for that sir
there's no end to this and then by the
way even if let's say hypothetically
right now Jack who's the head of Twitter
says I don't buy your false equivalence
I don't think an Tifa and BLM are equal
- proud boys so I'm gonna leave aunt Eva
and BLM up how long is Jack gonna be the
head of Twitter what happens when the
next person who's not Jack becomes the
head of Twitter and then that person
might not have the same political
leanings as Jack
and they might lean more to the right or
they might be genuinely in the center
they might just for the sake of trying
to appear non biased they might say ban
every BLM account banned every ant Aoife
account guys it never ends once you open
this door to censorship ever and by the
way again I'm giving hypotheticals like
oh maybe it'll do this to an Tifa maybe
they'll do this to BLM it's not even
about a maybe they already did it to TJ
when he was clearly joking you don't
even have to like TJ Kirk you had but
you have to acknowledge that was a joke
and it was [ __ ] that he got pulled
down you have to acknowledge that and
the list goes on and on guys we've
already spoken about it remember the
height of ad pocalypse on YouTube well
there was a an article in The Washington
Post from a shady group called proper
knot and they said oh we made a list of
all of the outlets spreading fake news
during the 2016 election and guess what
those outlets Google deprioritized those
outlets that's why alternate for example
had a drop of about 70% in their traffic
same with truth out same with truth dig
same with counterpunch so there are all
these whenever they start censoring and
deep platforming they will always come
for independent media first now
sometimes people will like that because
they'll go oh well Alex Jones really is
an [ __ ] Alex Jones really is a fringe
character Alex Jones really is dangerous
but that's not about Alex Jones it's
about the principle of it it's about the
principle of it so we're already seeing
it we're in the middle of it right now
you know I don't know how else I can
warn you guys I keep trying to point out
that even if you agree with one of the
targets of this it never stops there
once you open the door that door is now
open so the answer in my mind is all of
these platforms they have to be
regulated as public utilities why
because number one they're too big and
number two the whole point of these
different social media
let's is speech so you don't get to say
like oh it's just it's just a private
company so they get to make their own
decision easier at forms Twitter and
Facebook YouTube is speech that's the
whole point of it
speech so on that alone I think there's
a good reason to have regulation to say
they should have to abide by free speech
laws and the Constitution the way that
the government has to so again regulate
them as public utilities on that alone I
think that's a good reason but never
mind once you bring in the angle of
they're too big they're [ __ ]
effectively monopolies now if you break
them up they don't function the same way
and it would become a different story I
know some people say hey break them up I
don't want to go down that road I'd
rather go down the road of just treat it
like it's the public square' regulated
as a public utility should be totally
free and open now don't get me wrong if
there are genuine examples of libel or
defamation which is written word libel
or slander whatever doesn't matter you
get the point if there are examples of
defamation or direct threats of violence
then yes if they violate the law of
course you could pull down those
particular videos those specific videos
sure absolutely
but outside of those clear-cut examples
we have to have rules that say hey
anything goes on the platform because if
not what are we doing what are we doing
here this is digital authoritarianism
that's what this is this is [ __ ]
internet tyranny
now again you might laugh and you muhaha
whatever is not affecting me right now
it's gonna [ __ ] affect you it is
gonna affect you 100% and remember
whenever you give either corporate
overlords or the government this kind of
power the logical ends of that it will
be them using it in order to maintain
their own power and silence dissent
that's always how it's used
always always always always always so
they're gonna say everything that's
[ __ ] oh my god if you're reporting on
the DNC emails that prove that the
primary was rigged hey we can
that fake news because that maybe came
from Russia and and that is unacceptable
that's information that shouldn't have
been leaked so that's fake news we're
gonna have to [ __ ] push you to the
corners of the internet D platform you
deprioritize you censor you
oh you're reporting on the wars well the
establishment agrees the wars are good
let me ask you a question when the
entire mainstream media was pushing for
the war in Iraq when the entire
mainstream media was calling torture
enhanced interrogation because Bush
wanted them to isn't that fake news are
they gonna see any consequences will
mainstream media see any consequences no
because the way this is used is it will
always be biased in favor of the
establishment and against independent
outlets and people sometimes who are
reporting the truth sometimes the people
are genuinely [ __ ] crazy but again
there's a price you pay to have the
truth tellers there and that price is
the freedom enough to have the crazy
people spew their nonsense to that's
what freedom is and freedom is better
than any kind of authoritarianism or
tyranny or censorship or D platforming
and listen now you see it's just a clear
example of oh well they sure [ __ ] this
one up of course they're gonna [ __ ] up
so many of them because you shouldn't be
begging Silicon Valley oligarch
billionaires to filter [ __ ] for you
