glenn beck went from being a firebrand
right winger during the bush and obama
years to falling out of the public eye
rather quickly after he went hardcore
anti-trump during the primaries so he
was totally for ted cruz didn't hide
that at all and when Trump won he threw
a Fed and he nearly cried and he said
I'm never gonna vote for him and I'm
never gonna support him well guess what
totally unsurprisingly the vapid
soulless shock jock flipped here's why
I'm predicting a 20/20 win when I saw
yesterday the how the press was all
reporting the same damn story that
Donald Trump was calling ms-13 gang
members they left that out of the story
animals and they were spinning it as if
he was saying that about all immigrants
I'd had enough I'd have enough media if
you can get me Glenn back to do this and
in case you're only listening to us on
radio I just donned a red make America
great again hat if you can drive me to
the point to where I say you know what
I've had enough I'll vote for him in
2020 gladly I'll vote for him in 2020
and not really even on his record which
we'll talk about here in a second is
pretty damn amazing but if you can drive
me to the point to where I'll wear one
of these stupid red hats I'm telling you
you're making a gigantic mistake and I
welcome it I would just like to look at
the president's record now every
president will say to you when he's
running I'm gonna make I'm gonna make
Jerusalem the home huh really
the home of the embassy really are you
because everybody says that nobody
doesn't he did it and I think that's
gonna go down as the biggest
game-changer possibly in my lifetime
this is good it already is it is
changing the game in Iran and there are
there are riots in the streets now in
Iran streets in Iran in some towns it
looks like a war zone because the people
have risen up and that's gonna continue
to build and when it does this president
is going to come out and say something
directly to those people that we support
them and that's going to add fuel to the
fire and you might see a regime change
and a collapse of the Islamic regime in
Iran and it will be 100% Donald Trump
that made that responsible 100% you're
gonna see changes because of this he
kept that promise a promise I said he's
not gonna do that nobody's gonna do that
he did how about the president's coming
up saying well I know I can defeat Isis
I know I can do it I'll defeat Isis he
did and did you notice no one in the
press even talked about it
oh we're not talking about Isis anymore
how come oh I know President Trump
that's why how many people wow i naka
we're not gonna we're not gonna be
involved in these global agreements for
global warming right sure I'm on record
saying he will never do that because his
daughter is a huge global warming person
and he only listens to the family and
Ron Glenn who else is doing that just
that is enormous gotta stop the TPP
uh-huh right sure you are mm-hmm yes he
did I'm gonna bring North Korea to the
table gee looks like that's happening
give everybody a tax cut I don't like
the tax cut I think he could have gone a
lot further but that's not even his job
Oh make it stop make it stop man
make it stop okay so there was about a
month where the hashtag resistance went
nuts and teamed up with Glenn Beck and
acted like he is the same person on the
right because he's anti Trump and I
remember Glenn Beck and Samantha bee
joyously acting like they're allies and
the entire time I was warning everybody
don't do it why would you do it because
Glenn Beck made crystal clear from early
on he wasn't against Trump for any
substantive reasons in fact he was for
everything that's owed iasts about
Donald Trump all of the insane far-right
policies he supported but the only thing
he didn't like about Trump what well
number one his guy lost Ted Cruz lost
and on that alone you should know like
why would I trust this guy oh he wasn't
for the buffoon Donald Trump but he was
for the authoritarian theocratic or
purchased warmonger that is Ted Cruz the
guy who doesn't have a single honest
bone in his body he's disingenuous and
smug to his core this guy totally
supported him so why would you team up
with with him to be against Trump
because obviously he's not against Trump
for substantive reasons and that's the
point he wasn't he didn't like how Trump
you know hey you're a little too mean to
people on Twitter why don't you try to
cut the social safety net and wage
endless war and destroy our regulatory
system why don't you do that with a
smile
and in Flowery words on Twitter so that
was his objection to Trump from the
beginning and I was warning everybody
how the [ __ ] could you team up with a
guy like this but they did they teamed
up with him and then now of course it
comes back to bite them in the ass
because look at him so and the thing
that's so amazing about Glenn Beck is
literally everything he said there are
the exact reasons why Trump is like the
worst but he's using the worst things
about him to try to pretend like hey no
this is why he's the best so let's break
it down first of all the ms-13 comments
this is more of the disingenuous
[ __ ] that I was talking about when I
covered that story I listen I listen to
that clip I played it for you guys twice
my interpretation that clip is very
simple it's a Rorschach test the way
everything was framed and the way it was
worded the person talking to Trump
brings up ms-13 so it's conceivable that
when Trump calls them animals he is
referring to ms-13 but at the same time
Trump used language here I'll tell you
exactly what he said Trump said quote we
have people coming in we're taking
people out you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these people are not
people they're animals so he could have
when she said ms-13 he could have said
we have people coming in meaning not
ms-13 but just the people coming in
they're animals so the left's
interpretation is oh my god
he's talking about all undocumented
immigrants the rights interpretation is
he's talking just about ms-13 don't be
disingenuous but I think anybody who has
a strong opinion on this is being
disingenuous because it's like no he
could have easily meant whatever the
opposite is of what you think he meant
so there you go Glenn Beck I'm so sure
he only meant ms-13 maybe but it's also
a reasonable interpretation that he
meant all undocumented immigrants so
this is the straw that broke the camel's
back for him this is the straw cuz oh my
god the media is so bad
I agree the media's bad but this is the
thing that made you finally go you know
what I was against the guy completely
now I flip to be in favor of him then he
goes through the record oh boy when he
moved the embassy to Jerusalem so in
other words the move that is in part
responsible for sparking peaceful
protests from Palestinians that led to
Israeli snipers killing people killing
women killing children killing peaceful
protesters the worst that any
Palestinians did was burn some tires and
threw some rocks or used slingshots and
they got massacred over 60 Palestinians
massacre 2,000 injured nearly 2,000
injured and Glenn Beck thinks it's
awesome why does he think it's awesome
because Donald Trump is fulfilling
Biblical prophecy now Glenn Beck is a
Mormon but he's so close with all these
fundamentalist Christians like John
Hagee he loves these guys Robert Jeffers
so he loves the fact that Trump is doing
the bidding of fundamentalist Christians
he loves the fact that he's doing the
bidding of ultra extremist Zionists and
Orthodox Jews he loves that this is a
policy which serves the far-right
fundamentalists so it creates
devastation it creates war it creates
needless deaths it creates conflict it's
a giant [ __ ] you two Palestinians and
the idea is now you're never gonna get
your own state but he loves it he loves
it cuz [ __ ] Palestinians and their human
rights
I love the far-right fundamentalist it's
all Israel's so one of the worst things
about Trump he's like that's why I love
him defeating Isis please my ass cheeks
no mention the Syrian government no
mention of the Kurds no mention the Shia
militias no mention of Hezbollah none of
it none of it and so people on the
ground have been fighting Isis and in
fact we've bombed the people fighting
Isis when we bomb the Syrian government
twice but somehow we still get credit
Wow look at how that works the Paris
climate agreement pull out again one of
the worst things he did the Paris
climate agreement should be much
stronger to fight back against climate
change it's a weak agreement in the
first place and we're the only country
that pulled out of it everybody else is
in it so we're [ __ ] over the earth he
loves it he [ __ ] loves it cuz he's a
dumbass he remember he's in agenda21
conspiracy nut - and then the oh he
stopped the TPP well first of all no he
didn't because he's been in the
renegotiation of NAFTA he's been
slipping
the provisions of the TPP right back
into it now furthermore there were just
articles recently about how Trump is
like hey maybe we jump back into the to
the TPP why because he realized oh it's
a regional domination issue so the US
wants to dominate and not have China get
more control China wants more control so
Trump was against TPP until now he's
being told by elites like no no you
should really jump back in it so that
China doesn't dominate the region and so
he's like oh okay maybe we jump back in
so he doesn't have a principled stand on
this [ __ ] come on man how stupid can you
be
and furthermore Glenn Beck was a guy who
was always in favor of free trade always
always always under the Bush
administration 100% for free trade every
time they signed a free trade agreement
a Glenn Beck loved it so what happened I
thought you were mister you know uh
right-wing libertarian economics all
let's do all the free trade agreements
but now what all of a sudden you're
against TPP that's a [ __ ] first shock
maybe Glenn Beck is really a vapid
soulless shock-jock [ __ ] who only
wants recognition and then he brings up
North Korea now by the way those talks
all but fell through their reports now
the Kim jong-un pulled out of it why
because he was again the idea that he's
gonna actually give up nukes laughable
Gaddafi gave up nukes and now Gaddafi's
dead so what he's gonna trust the u.s.
when we say hey give us your nukes and
you'll be good of course he's not gonna
give up his nukes he'll make some sort
of concession but will the u.s. accept
whatever concession he makes okay here
take one test site whatever the
concession is I don't know but we'll the
Trump accept it I hope he accepts it but
it looks like the talks might fall
through now so and by the way again no
credit to the South Korean president
who's been absolutely phenomenal and
been a genius in dealing with this
there's been articles about how he knows
what he's doing and he's Pro piece but
he's also stroking Trump's ego to make
Trump feel like he's responsible for all
the good that's happening so you got the
the South Korean president the new South
Korean president the old one was
impeached over corruption the new one
comes in he's a peace candidate and he's
trying to do all the right things and he
gets no credit of course because Glenn
Beck's a [ __ ] myopic idiot who doesn't
know his ass from his elbow and then
finally tax cuts of course there you go
so the tax bill were a tea
three percent of the benefits went to
the top 1% the tax bill where they cut
the corporate tax rate from thirty five
percent to twenty one percent at a time
when corporations already paying a
historically low percentage of the tax
burden the tax bill that gutted the
estate tax so the tax bill that was
massively biased in favor of the elites
raises taxes on everybody making $75,000
a year or less over a ten year period
that tax bill which by the way had what
about a twenty two percent favorability
rating glenn beck's like that's the
reason why Trump is good now I would
have gone further in other words he
would have made the bill even shittier
but now how great is it so listen
there's a lesson in this don't for for
partisan tribalist [ __ ] reasons
don't make alliances with scumbags and
cretins because that's what Glenn Beck
is and if this doesn't prove it to you
nothing will the blaze is on the verge
of going totally under in fact there
were talks about ben shapiro was in
talks to maybe buy the blaze and glenn
beck has been hemorrhaging money
he was hemorrhaging money even before he
came out full anti-trump terrible
business model overspent so and really
not that popular he wasn't that popular
even before he went antitrump now he's
really I mean he pissed off at least
half of the people who listened to him
more than that probably because Trump
has like eighty-five percent approval
rating among Republicans so this also
could be viewed as perhaps a cynical
business move of like [ __ ] man we're so
hopeless we got a bunch of establishment
Pat's on the back in the New York Times
did a glowing profile back when he
turned anti Trump but now okay just do
another switcheroo and try to get back
your core audience who you pissed off
you were hemorrhaging money now you got
on now on mr. Pro Trump because maybe
that will save my business so there's
that's the other angle to this as well
is that this could be just a cynical
ploy for business reasons because his
business is in a hell of a lot of
trouble
