so Facebook decided to pull Richard
Spencer's various pages from their
website most of you probably know who
this guy is by now but if you don't I'll
tell you he's the head of the National
Policy Institute which I know sounds
like it's really official National
Policy Institute but understand that
that's one of the oldest tricks in the
book is you name something official
sounding but what the goal of this thing
is is anything but official it's as
Extreme as possible the goal is to
advocate a white ethno state so it's
called the National Policy Institute but
in reality it should be called like the
Nazi Institute or some [ __ ] because they
really they want a white ethno state so
they want an all-white America and I
don't I don't know I'm sure there's
differing opinions within the membership
of the National Policy Institute but I'm
sure some of them the the more kind
white nationalists all they want to do
is deport all the non-white people even
if they're American and they were born
here doesn't matter deport all the
non-white people how kind you are I'm
sure there's some that are part of this
Institute that want to kill and do a
genocide of all non-white people but
either way this is an extremist group
that we're talking about here so the
National Policy Institute page was
pulled that had about 4,000 followers
and then Spencer's online magazine all
right calm had a Facebook page with more
than 10,000 followers and that was
pulled as well so Zuckerberg was asked
in congressional testimony recently and
he said listen Facebook we don't
tolerate hate groups but then what
happened was I think it was vice news or
some media outlet contacted Facebook I
was like really cuz we just looked it up
and we found like whatever a couple
hundred of them or something and so they
let Facebook know and then Facebook that
day went and pulled all the pages for
all those people so this is one of those
issues where there's going to be there's
a split on the left as to what the right
thing to do is I have a clear opinion on
it I think you all know
opinion is uh I I wouldn't have done it
I wouldn't have pulled it first of all
he only has 4000 followers for the
National Policy Institute and only a
little over 10,000 for all right calm
that means that's not that's not that
many okay but even if it was a lot I
would still keep it because I think that
the more people see what this guy's
about the more they say hey [ __ ] him in
fact that's what have a friend of mine
spoke to me about this and was like I
literally didn't know what the alt-right
was until they saw the video of that
conference that they had in Washington
and Richard Spencer gave a speech and
started saying Heil Trump Heil our
people hail victory hail victory that's
Sieg Heil that's what [ __ ] Hitler
said and then people in the audience
were all doing the [ __ ] Hitler salute
so a friend of mine was telling me I
didn't know how bad they were then I saw
how bad they were I was like oh okay
that's what's going on you're Nazis got
it so I think the more you show people
what they are the better because that
hurts them the worst thing you do is you
ban them you push them underground and
then you're making it like a
counterculture edgy thing that people
like ooh we're not allowed to say these
things therefore it must be cool because
that's why everybody shuns you know
shuns it reality is if you just let
these guys have their [ __ ] say I
think that turns more people off to them
but so but even if you don't buy that
argument and I understand there are
people that don't buy that argument I
don't know why you should buy all the
evidence points in that direction I mean
for example remember when these idiots
were protesting to keep a Confederate
statue up by the way great way to spend
your time I'm so offended and triggered
that you're taking down a [ __ ]
Confederate statue Wow
but what happened was they had the tiki
torches and the white lives matter [ __ ]
they were chanting and all the Jews will
not replace us super racist and
anti-semitic and all that
but what happened was the very next
event people forget about that the very
next event when they were scheduled to
protest again there were only like 12 of
them and thousands of counter protesters
so that's what happens when you show it
to the world the world goes [ __ ] you but
again so even if you don't buy that
argument fine fair enough but there's
another reason why you should say hey
Facebook don't don't do this now to be
clear they have every legal right to do
it because anybody who's familiar with
the legality of the First Amendment
knows that just stops the government
from persecuting you or locking you up
over speech so but that's where it's
limited in other words it doesn't if you
get banned from Twitter or banned from
Facebook or social media there are
private companies they have every right
to do it but what I'm arguing is just
beyond the legal right of the First
Amendment I'm arguing for the principle
of the First Amendment which means even
though Twitter and Facebook have the
right to ban people like this I'm
arguing they shouldn't do that even
though they have the right to do it
because it's the principle the First
Amendment that matters which I think
goes beyond just the legality of the
First Amendment in the constant and what
is and isn't constitutional but here's
the reason why you should still say hey
man don't they shouldn't ban it because
okay so they pull white nationalist
that's what this is we're gonna pull
white nationalists because their hate
groups and you know what I don't agree
with the pulling them but do I think
their hate groups of course yeah I think
what they do is hate no doubt about it
[Music]
but then that brings up an interesting
legal question what do you do with black
nationalists now for example Malcolm X
was a black nationalist as he got in his
older years and when he left the Nation
of Islam and he became a lot more like
Martin Luther King jr. he was originally
the super hardline guy who said we need
a black nation and we're not for
segregation were for separation from
white people that's what he argued he
argued that black people in the US
should be treated like Israel with the
Jews how the UN should say here's a
piece of land and you get your own land
and install black state basically so he
was a black separatist he was a black
nationalist now
we all at least reasonable people
understand that that's not exactly the
same thing as being a white nationalist
because you could argue hey was the
historical oppression of black people in
this country slavery segregation that
makes it a reaction to the dominant
society so it's not morally equivalent
to that of white nationalism and I think
that's a fair argument to make however
all you need to do is acknowledge that
there are some people who are gonna say
black nationalism is exactly equivalent
to white nationalism because you're
saying we're gonna base a state on our
ethnic identity in that sense it is
equivalent but all you need is some
people to say it is exactly the same
thing just a mirror image forget the
context and then that raises an
interesting question if you're gonna ban
white nationalists there is certainly an
argument that you should ban black
nationalists to a Nation of Islam gone
any black nationalist movements even if
they cloak themselves and the argument
of we're doing it because we believe in
equality we're doing because we believe
in civil rights you come with a wagon of
rationalizations but there are gonna be
some people who say no that's exactly
the same thing white nationalism in
black nationalism just a mirror image
they're reverse extremes so if you ban
white nationalists you're probably going
to put Facebook in a position where they
if they don't ban black nationalists you
go okay well you're hypocrites and
that's [ __ ]
okay or they ban it and then people turn
around and go well now you're racist cuz
you banned a black nationalist and then
okay so let's say you ban white
nationalists and then black nationalists
is up in the air
well what about communists you know now
again you could say well that's not
objectively as hateful as Nazism but
what you guys need to understand is even
if that's true all you need is some
people to say it is and then you're
[ __ ] and then they probably will ban
communists because the argument that a
lot of people make is whether or not you
buy the argument is irrelevant this is
the argument some people are going to
make
this is an argument that ultimately
might end up being the final straw that
makes the decision for them where they
do ban communist where they'll say look
at the body count look at the body count
of people who died under Nazism and
fascism and then look at the body count
of people who died under communism and
they could say the Communist body count
is even worse than the fascist body
count so what you gonna do you're gonna
leave the Communist but banned the
fascists that doesn't seem to make much
sense now again you don't have to buy
that argument but somebody is going to
make that argument and that argument
might be the final argument that they
make these decisions based off of so if
you ban white nationalists they're gonna
want to ban black nationalists if you
ban fascists they're gonna want to ban
communists it what about for example
there's a perfect example of why you
shouldn't go down the slippery slope
what about atheists who live in
theocracies what about that so you and I
look at atheists and we go oh that's a
legitimate minority group that has
anybody as much right as anybody else to
speak about anything okay but atheists
in theocracies are tarred as blasphemous
dangerous undermining the entire system
doing hate speech against the dominant
majority and our ideology and our belief
system namely religion in most cases
around the world today if you live in a
theocracy Islamic theocracy so and we've
seen this Facebook has done business
with all these different governments
around the world and they do what those
governments tell them to do in Israel
try being a Palestinian group on
Facebook they've banned so many
pro-palestine groups because Facebook is
working with Israel and Israel says oh
they're doing hate speech oh they're
anti-semitic and then Israel pulls the
page Pro BDS pages pro-palestine freedom
movement pages so this is the point when
we have these debates and have these
conversations they don't happen in a
[ __ ] vacuum they happen with context
everywhere and they're these arguments
are going to be made once you start
banning people you could avoid the whole
conversation it's not bad anyone
that's what I would do I would say no we
allow everybody the only things that's
not allowed our direct threats of
violence libel and slander and libel and
slander notoriously are hard to proven
they should be hard to prove you know
what I mean but and direct threats of
violence yes you should be banned for
that and you should be banned for daxing
or whatever actual crimes banned outside
of that it's gotta be all systems go let
anything happen because once you start
nitpicking that there's no end to the
nitpicking there's no end to it and
again you don't even have to buy the
argument of equivalence between these
groups but somebody will make the point
that they're equivalent and then
whoever's making decisions might say I
agree with that argument more than the
people who say it's not equivalent again
black nationalist versus white
nationalist fascists first communists to
go back to the example of atheists in
religious countries and theocracies
those governments will tell facebook no
if you want to operate in our country
you're gonna ban whatever atheists in
Saudi Arabia atheists in Iran obviously
I don't they don't allow Facebook but
whatever atheists in some theocracy
you're gonna ban atheist groups in our
country because under our laws that's
hateful they're doing hate speech
against us and we need to put a stop to
that now again that's none of that's
true atheists are not actually doing
hate speech they're not actually doing
anything wrong they should be able to
voice their opinion but when Facebook
starts banning people and starts bending
to the will of you know hey don't allow
this do allow that don't allow that
well then everybody's gonna have an
argument it's not only you in the world
who gets to dictate what should and
shouldn't be allowed and what offends me
is very different from what offends a
[ __ ] Ted Cruz fan what offends me is
very different than what offends a
[ __ ] random Saudi prince who's in
favor of all these repressive policies
so in my mind you draw a clean line and
say no we don't ban anybody based on
that but if it's daxing if it's direct
threats of violence yes we'll ban them
but outside of that no we don't ban
anybody except the rules or don't accept
the rules but they're not doing that
Facebook loves to just immediately
[ __ ] cave and just give like all the
pressure from the government and and
what's their argument oh you better
filter fake news and [ __ ] Rush is bad
I hope your stop
being [ __ ] propaganda from Russia on
and so now they're begging Silicon
Valley oligarchs to filter what news you
do see and don't see and you're supposed
to trust Mark Zuckerberg judgment as to
what's a legitimate news story and
what's not I don't trust that
[ __ ] judgment but this is
what's happening and now they're going
down the [ __ ] slippery slope of what
well ban white nationalist cuz they're
why nationalists we ban black
nationalists hey we'll ban fascist will
you Ben and by the way one of their
sources that they said oh the Southern
Poverty Law Center was one of their
sources listen the Southern Poverty Law
Center has done a lot of great work so I
don't want to act like I'm a hundred
percent against them I'm not but they've
also done some questionable [ __ ] they've
added guys who by the way I don't agree
with this guy a lot there's a guy named
Maajid Nawaz who's a [ __ ] you know X
Muslim I think is a little bit of a
pompous douchebag but he's doesn't he's
not a [ __ ] hate merchant but they
added him to their list of like you know
anti-muslim hate group [ __ ] like that's
the Southern Poverty Law Center they
just added Rania Khalek and [ __ ] max
Blumenthal and Ben Norton to a group of
like they pulled down this article thank
goodness but they acted like a [ __ ]
propping up dictators and they do hate
speech what the [ __ ] all cuz they don't
want to do regime change in Syria so in
other words none of this stuff is not
objective and scientific and broken down
and so we know these people are extreme
and these people aren't a lot of it's a
matter of opinion and trying to figure
it out but what they're doing is banning
Richard Spencer and who knows where the
[ __ ] that slippery slope ends in my mind
that slippery slope does not end because
that immediately leads to banning the
black nationalists and banning the
communists and [ __ ] I mean you could
really do stretch arguments here say I'm
a hate speech guy cuz I curse that
[ __ ] world leaders as I rant against
them or whatever you know you can argue
my promoting of atheism is dangerous in
some countries because there are
theocracies and blah and those arguments
aren't true but they don't have to be
true you can be true enough for the
idiots and power to make it move against
them and that's what I'm afraid of and
that's why I wouldn't abandon or Spencer
and I hope you see the logic of that
