welcome to the jungle come and suck me
off that was an interesting way to start
this how's everybody doing
we my [ __ ] is it okay so here we go
again here we go again with the fun
back-end stuff um let me hit refresh I'm
gonna pull it all up see how I can hop
on into the super chat sentence I'm not
gonna take them just yet I'll take them
in a little bit well we got a bunch of
stuff to talk about first so we're gonna
hop into that in just a minute here we
go
live control room holla at you boy
already demonetised whilst you expect
okay there everybody is hello everybody
hello hello hello how was everybody's
Sunday yesterday for me it was a it was
a great day because I felt like a kid on
Christmas because of the the lineup of
what I got to watch so there was the
Masters everybody knows I'm a golf geek
the Masters was on [ __ ] love watching
the Masters um I have to go one year
I've never been there the tickets are
super duper expensive but I know a
friend of mine from when I was growing
up as a golf pro now not a touring pro
but a golf pro like teaching pro so he
might actually be able to get me on the
course for uh not to play unfortunately
but to watch the Masters so I was
watching the Masters yesterday that was
a lot of fun I just loved that
tournament so much it's my favorite golf
tournament of the year and man Jordan
speith made a [ __ ] run at it holy
[ __ ] you want to talk about Sunday magic
that's the old Sunday magic that we used
to see from tiger and Phil back in the
day when they would make a charge on
Sunday I get so excited when that
happens it with Spieth I was like holy
[ __ ] when he made that putt on 17 me and
my friend were texting each other we're
like he's like what the [ __ ] Spieth is
trying to be the next Tiger
now you can't compare anybody to Tiger
cuz Tigers tiger and tigers like barely
human
but Spieth was trying to be the next
Tiger it was amazing
so the Masters I watched then after that
I watched WrestleMania WrestleMania was
uh it was okay I'm a little upset
because my boy is Nakamura and Nakamura
lost
I always feel whoever I want to win
never wins when it comes to wrestling
but I think that's why that's they keep
me coming back like somebody said it
like you can't enjoy wrestling unless um
unless you hate every aspect of it like
the fact that we hate it is why we keep
watching because we're like hey maybe
I'll Ronda Rousey was good somebody
mentioned running around she was
actually really good and I was impressed
I was ready to [ __ ] on her and be like
she sucks who get her out of there she
was actually really good but yeah the
fact that I get mad every time I wash it
is probably why I keep watching it
that's that's probably just what it is
you are sexiest [ __ ] that is all carry
on wrong wrong but thank you I
appreciate that
so masters was great WrestleMania was
okay so it was a big it was a it was a
fun day for me yesterday I felt like a
kid on Christmas that's why there was no
actual live show today and I'm doing a
live stream instead because I was like
there's no way I'm gonna be able to prep
while I'm trying to juggle watching the
most awesome things ever so I decided
I'll just do a live stream instead and
we'll talk about what we probably would
have spoken about if we were gonna do a
show and I'm not gonna like clip it out
and everything but so there's a lot of
stuff going on and it ain't good it
ain't good at all so let me alright
let's just jump into the Syria thing I
feel like that's probably the most
important thing it's big on Twitter
right this second as it should be it
looks like we're about to get even more
mired in Syria well so we're already
there it's hilarious when people act
like the US and they're in action in
Syria in action my ass cheeks Obama put
us into Syria we're still there under
Donald Trump
the thing that's he probably most
infuriating well it's most infuriating
that we're there at all but we're
actually
arming and propping up both sides of the
war nobody talks about that I feel like
that's a giant scandal but nobody talks
about that so we you have Pentagon
backed rebels who are fighting CIA
backed rebels I mean that's it like
strike one you're out end of
conversation
what the [ __ ] are we doing what are we
doing so we're already there we were
there under Obama were there under Trump
but now so what happened is they are
claiming that Assad did a chemical
attack what they would say is another
chemical attack now the first time
around you know come and find out it was
[ __ ] they claimed he did a chemical
attack come to find out it was [ __ ]
it of course has not been proven there
is evidence of chemical weapons being
used but there's actually evidence more
evidence of the rebels using chemical
weapons than Assad using chemical
weapons so they tried this once before
and then they tried it a second time and
notice there's a really really really
clear line of events that happens
whenever it becomes apparent that Assad
has strengthened his grip on power and
he's defeated the rebels so whenever
it's like okay he's on the verge of
winning the war if not has already won
the war that's when you get all the
allegations of chemical weapons so now
again people don't talk about the fact
that Assad actually gave up his chemical
weapons you remember that remember when
John Kerry and you know a Russian
official we're doing a meeting and they
were trying to stop the u.s. from
intervening in Syria and the the Russian
official was like what can he do in
order for you to not intervene and bomb
him basically a new regime change and
John Kerry said well he could give up
his chemical weapons but that's not
gonna happen and then the very next day
Russian officials came out and Assad
came out he said fine here I take my
chemical weapons you could take him
don't care
didn't use them not using them now don't
care you could take them now again
nobody's bringing that up in the context
of this conversation because it's
inconvenient for the narrative and the
narrative that's being pushed by the
West now is even though Assad has
basically already won the war all my
goodness he decided to gratuitously use
chemical weapons against his own
civilians by the way the people that
they had freed from jihadist strongholds
recently so we're supposed to believe
that this this guy would do this totally
irrational action which would then spark
the ire of the West to possibly if not
certainly go in there and do a military
action directly against him so simply
put guys I don't buy it
I don't buy it I think the government's
lying to us I think the media is lying
to us and now I see every single outlet
you can imagine is contributing to the
war fever pitch at the moment and it's
maddening I even saw now I love the
intercept they do fantastic work and
Glenn Greenwald is actually a friend of
mine but I even they had an article
that's contributing to this to this
climate the same way that back for the
Iraq war Oh Saddam has weapons of mass
destruction Saddam has weapons mass
destruction Saddam has weapons of mass
destruction yet these goofy [ __ ]
stories about how in Iraq Saddam's
people would take babies out of
incubating cube aiders and throw them on
the ground insane
propaganda to try to get America to a
point where everybody goes oh yeah of
course we got to go in there what are we
waiting for of course we gotta go and
then also the idea this drives me crazy
nobody gives you contact nobody gives
you perspective the Washington Post had
an article like oh my god we really
should you know Trump is being Trump's
weakness is what led to Assad now using
chemical weapons against his own people
so again this is resisting from the
right this is why doesn't Donald Trump
be more aggressive more hawkish and why
didn't he stop Assad so in other words
the guy who just gave a State of the
Union speech where he bragged about
signing a pro torture memo Donald Trump
that guy the guy who says we should
quote take out the families of
terrorists the guy who doesn't have a
moral bone or humanitarian bone in his
body is now now he has the the so-called
liberal media pleading with him to go
intervene to go do military intervention
isn't that crazy
no matter what the arguments always end
up propping up the military-industrial
complex and propping up US intervention
and more empire more imperialism more
war so and this is the thing that it's
just unbelievable I would have if you
told me at the beginning of when Trump
got elected that Oh in a few months
you'll have or a few a year or so but
even within a few months people were
doing this that they would be begging
for Trump to be more hawkish and for him
to get more involved in Syria and it
would be Democrats doing it and
supposedly liberal outlets doing it I
wouldn't believed you and I'm jaded and
I'm cynical as [ __ ] but even I would
have said no that's not gonna happen I'm
gonna disagree a lot with the resistance
and how they resist but there's no way
that you would have overt calls for
bombings and interventions and remember
the last time when to Donald Trump get
the most a few civ praise from the
mainstream media when he bomb Syria he
bombed the Syrian the Syrian airport it
was like a military outlet and then you
had guys like Fareed Zakaria again who's
supposed to be a lefty goes out there
and he's like today's the day Donald
Trump became president Brian Williams
was talking about the beauty of our
missiles taking off and nobody's even
bringing up the fact that wait wait a
second don't aren't we supposed to have
a standard for when we do unilateral
military action is there supposed to be
a standard like okay we only do it in
situations XY and Z like here the here's
the plan we only do it for and of course
I would argue the most reasonable line
to draw is self-defense self-defense but
nobody's even bothering to make an
argument that well Assad's gonna attack
the US because everybody knows that's
just beyond preposterous Assad has well
what's the SOG in it seriously what
Assad tak
attack [ __ ] Kentucky is that what he
would do would he go after Arizona would
he try to do an invasion through Mexico
and ours are you kidding me and but the
thing is back churring even during the
bush years they felt like they needed
they needed to make some kind of
argument to that effect they felt like
they needed like Oh Saddam was connected
to 9/11 see he attacked us already so
that's why we have to fight back see
even back then
they felt like okay we need to give
something that would make your average
American who's actually thinking about
these issues when you bring them up to
those people you have to make them go
okay well it's understandable because he
attacked us on 9/11 so their propaganda
was built on well we have to make a case
that he attacked us or he wants to
attack us that's what they say all
weapons of mass destruction he's gonna
attack he's gonna launch he's gonna
launch it was all [ __ ] but they had
to make you feel like you were under
threat the United States was under
threat now we're at the point where the
military-industrial complex has taken
such a root in the in America's
political system where the Democrats and
the Republicans are both bought that
they don't even bother to make an
argument of like oh my god a solid
threat against us they say oh he killed
his own people and by the way again they
what did they is there an official
conclusion and an investigation that it
was you know Assad that used these
chemical weapons of course not and is
the same thing they did with the
situation recently with Russia where
they were like oh my god this guy was a
Russian spy and he was poisoned by the
government and so therefore what are we
gonna do we have to act we have to act
and that the UN the US was against an
investigation Russia was like okay look
do an investigation we'll do an
investigation whenever the investigation
comes - those are the conclusions the
u.s. blocked that and said no and then
of course we say our own intelligence
agencies go up say no but it was Russia
for sure will we're telling you it's
Russia so again the same people lied to
us about Iraq are now the ones who are
you know pounding the gavel and saying
nope same thing with Russia Russia's
poisoning their own people by the way
Russia is so brilliant at assassinating
these people that they survived and they
argued again that they used a Russian
nerve agent so they use the most easily
trackable thing back to them is that
what you know geniuses would do an evil
genius like Vladimir Putin he would
assassinate somebody by using the thing
where everybody would point directly at
Russia again I just need you guys to
think about this stuff and don't just
don't accept it at face value and I
can't stand the fact that nobody in
these conversations dares to bring up
the elephant in the room that everybody
else around the world would bring up
second number-one when we're having this
conversation which is who the [ __ ] are
we the United States government to say
were the moral are burgers and we're the
world police I just told you Donald
Trump was bragging about signing a pro
torture executive order he was bragging
about keeping guantanamo bay open there
you know there's a story that I'm gonna
cover on our next show about how some
top officials told him here's what we're
doing our drone strikes and we waited
for the civilians to leave in this area
before we did it and he said why'd you
wait you shouldn't wait so this
government the government that is but
currently bombing 8 different countries
the government that under the Bush
administration did an offensive invasion
against a country that didn't attack us
and killed minimum 200,000 civilians
this government is now gonna say well
obviously for humanitarian reasons we
need to do regime change in Syria so ok
by our own logic does that mean that I
don't know say Greenland can invade the
US and topple the US government because
of what we did in Iraq or because of
what we're currently doing in Guantanamo
Bay it's a fair question right I mean if
we're gonna have a standard the standard
is listen if you're a rogue regime and
you're violating international law you
need to be toppled militarily from a
foreign country
ok well then we should have been toppled
years and years and years ago but of
course the way propaganda works is you
do an arbitrary moral carve out for the
u.s. you go down oh it doesn't count
when we do it doesn't come when we do it
so we can't like Mulligan's non-stop you
know the same rules don't apply to us we
just declare we're above the game
everybody else has to play by the rules
in the game we're above the game so and
then listen at the end of the day what
it comes down to is might makes right
that's what the u.s. fundamentally
argues but then you don't get to you
know [ __ ] about other countries and
their humanity and their human rights
records because ours is absolutely
[ __ ] abysmal but we still have
supposedly liberal outlets begging
President Trump to intervene and they
just bought [ __ ] Bolton into the room
they just brought him into the
administration and now we're gonna see
the fruits of Bolton being there
listen man Donald Trump I can't I can't
[ __ ] take this Donald Trump so I look
it up because you know
and I know when it came to Syria excuse
me when it came to Afghanistan when it
came to Iraq his Twitter feed was just a
litany of what the [ __ ] are we doing
there this is so stupid
we're wasting so much blood and treasure
trillions of dollars we basically flush
down the toilet we're getting nothing
out of this he doesn't mention that
we're killing civilians over there cuz
he doesn't give a [ __ ] about civilians
over there but at least he was willing
to make the argument we should spend
that money here at home and rebuild our
country and why is why did Bush do it
and why is Obama doing it when Trump
campaigned in the debates he said the
same [ __ ] thing why are they doing it
why are they doing that this is so
stupid we shouldn't be doing this
non-stop he would just and again in
other ways he was hawkish you know in
other ways he said he wants to take out
the families of of Isis and terrorists
and you know so in some ways he's the
most hawkish but her other ways he's non
interventionist when he said let's not
go into Iraq let's get out of Iraq let's
get out of Afghanistan so I said you
know what let me check to see what the
deal was with Syria because I didn't
know hey maybe he was Syria he didn't
say anything about Syria for example or
maybe he was tepidly in favor of it for
whatever no guess what here I'm gonna
read you some tweets from Trump on the
issue of Syria he said and this is
September 3rd 2013 quote what I am
saying is stay out of Syria what
happened Don he said on September 13
2013 quote we should stop talking stay
out of Syria and other countries that
hate us rebuild our own country and make
it strong and great again USA he said on
September 9th 2013
don't attack Syria an attack that will
bring nothing but trouble for the US
focus on making our country strong and
great again
September 7 2013 President Obama do not
attack Syria there is no upside and
tremendous downside Savior powder for
another and more important day he said
on August 29th 2013 quote what will we
get for bombing Syria besides more debt
and a possible long-term conflict what
will we
for bombing Syria besides more debt and
a possible long-term conflict Obama
needs congressional approval so this is
[Music]
if we want to speak the language of
trumps own team here he's being cooked
by the deep state that's what it is he's
surrounded by the military-industrial
complex he's surrounded by bush Aaron
neo-cons and they are telling him time
and time again mr. president you have to
do something to stop this mr. president
we have to do regime change mr.
president we have to get involved in
this stuff we don't have a choice we
need to show the world that we mean
business and you couldn't get a worse
situation so now we have Bolton he wants
to [ __ ] attack North Korea he wants
to attack Iran he wants to probably do a
[ __ ] ground invasion of Syria is that
I think we would probably save time if
we just spoke about the places that the
United States doesn't want to invade I
mean this is getting [ __ ]
preposterous and then don't even get me
started on the Democrats ted Lieu was
just tweeting about this before mr.
president we think that I would like to
say that maybe he he all options should
be on the table okay there we go so all
options are there let me say maybe
military action maybe war why not maybe
