[Music]
[Music]
there are some big changes to the
drunken peasants patreon that all DP
fans should be aware of first of all we
now have a $1 perk that gives you access
to our patrons only feed see exclusive
photos and get behind-the-scenes access
to the peasants all for only $12 a year
the $5 perk as always gives you access
to our monthly private show it's a whole
other episode of DP just for you the $10
perk is DP commentary on a film TV
series or video game every month past
examples of commentaries include troll
two masters of the universe and the
unreleased Fantastic Four movie from the
90s the DP discord smoke sesh has gone
down from $50 to $25 you can hang out
with the peasants and chat them up on
discord for $50 you get your name and
mortalized by DP on air once a month and
you get a free pass to access DP
on-demand for $75 DP will shill your
product service or YouTube channel on
the show live it's absolutely insane for
a show our size to sell advertising this
cheap and slots are limited so get at it
for $100 you get to come on the show and
join us for the segment of your choice
and remember all patrons of $5 and up
are eligible to win the green ticket a
chance to hang out with the peasants and
be on the show live in-studio experience
the magic of stoner degenerates watching
videos live and in person you must be 21
or older to win you should also know
about new goals like the 48 hours show a
US tour and even a DP movie for more
information check out
patreon.com/crashcourse
[Music]
[Applause]
coming to you live from the frigid
armpit of America
pretty new opinion to the news of an
altered bring back socket you gotta join
[Music]
I don't have facts to back this up Italy
like you
what the [ __ ] you talking about nothing
KJ you're garbage now you are your host
[Music]
we'll do it live
we'll do it live look it do it live
[ __ ] thing hello everybody today we
are gathered here for a debate the
subject of this debate is very broad but
it's a debate at the very heart of
American politics liberal versus
conservative left-wing vs. right-wing
our debaters tonight represent some of
the youngest and most articulate voices
on these positions Kyle kolinsky is the
host of secular talk a YouTube channel
with over 370 thousand subscribers and
over three hundred thousand views on a
typical day he's also the co-founder of
Justice Democrats a political action
committee devoted to kicking corporate
Democrats to the curb and unifying the
Democratic Party as a social democratic
party with a progressive agenda
razörfist is the owner and operator of
the rageaholic a youtube channel with
over a hundred thousand subscribers
devoted not only to politics but also to
video games movies professional
wrestling and any other subject strikes
his fancy he's appeared on Steven
Crowder's show louder with Crowder
defended Trump's wall in a very popular
video and has long been a force forceful
and eloquent voice for the right debates
can often be the lowest form of
discourse because all too often the
concern among viewers becomes less about
which argument is better or which
position is more logically sound but
rather this who won mentality other
personality one personality triumphing
over another is not a good way to
measure ideas against one another so
I'll caution all of you watching this to
not allow yourselves to fall into this
trap look at this debate not so much as
a contest between two people but as a
platform where ideas can be compared and
contrasted in what will hopefully be a
respectful manner tonight's debate will
cover a wide range of issues Trump
gun control the wall not the Pink Floyd
album the electoral college single-payer
health care and more will be opening up
the stream labs about halfway through
for 20 minutes
so that you and our audience can also
pose questions to our debaters or just
leave us a tip to let us know that you
appreciate this discussion
but before we can debate any specifics
specific issues we have to learn some
basic definitions the words conservative
and liberal mean different things to
different people
so in order to avoid confusion I'll
start this debate off by asking Kyle for
his definition of liberalism razörfist
will then be given a chance to refute
Kyle's definition and put forth his
criticisms of liberalism razörfist will
then be given the same opportunity to
find conservatism and Kyle that so
without further ado drunken peasants is
now bringing to you what we hope will be
an interesting and poignant debate
between two people that I personally
respect hopefully they're up to the task
not only of entertaining you but
informing you and helping you see the
world from a new and interesting
perspective but they can only do that if
you the audience is willing to set aside
preconceptions set aside whether you're
a liberal or a conservative and you know
just open your mind I'd ask you to
forget about all your political
positions and remove yourself from your
own ego and simply absorb what's
transpiring in front of you this is my
recommendation to you I can't actually
make you do it so as discussed a moment
ago we're gonna begin with Kyle kolinsky
Ben you can go ahead and take me off of
a full screen at this point so we're
gonna be with Kyle kolinsky of a secular
talk Kyle are you are you ready to start
or both are you ready to start actually
sure sure let's do it ready to rock and
roll and and may I say just off the bat
it's good to make your acquaintance Kyle
nice to meet you too man don't let me
like you this early on because then I
can't argue as vociferously there you go
okay so on my mark I'm gonna be doing
i'ma be doing timekeeping duties here so
on you're gonna be given Kyle five
minutes to elucidate your personal
definition of liberalism or
progressivism or however you choose to
identify sure what it means to you and
why you think it's the correct lens
through which to view the world all
right I'm gonna also give you a warning
when you're coming up towards the end of
third
second mark I'll probably just shout out
30 seconds okay let you know that you're
coming out on your time I'd encourage
both of you to try to use as much of the
allotted time as possible if you run out
of things to say I mean that that's just
the way it is but try to use your full
time all right so with that Kyle I'm
going to yield the floor to you and that
question okay
well mark okay well I'm gonna let you
down on this one because I'm not gonna
be going on for five minutes but
nonetheless I proceed liberalism okay
well let me just say first and foremost
I'm not sure that's the best descriptor
that I would use for myself I would
choose to describe myself as populist
left or a believer in social democracy
but broadly speaking when I think of
liberalism I think of not believing in
tradition for traditions sake and
believing in progress so saying that yes
the government in many circumstances can
be used in order to try to ameliorate
social ills and bring about a better
future
unfortunately TJ you can clock me out at
one minute all right okay I'm gonna go
ahead and reset if you want razörfist
you got five minutes to respond okay
look I take not one issue with
particularly you know classic liberalism
it I find the very same cultural
permissiveness of OG liberalism makes up
the self-same rudiments of many of the
more like libertarian philosophies that
i stridently adhere to
I only bridle when that philosophy then
opted to subvert the electorate through
whether through unelected Supreme Court
justices for example or whatever or
voice itself on the citizenry through
the government's inevitable threat or
application of force like really my
opposition to modern-day liberalism
progressivism neoliberalism whatever you
want to call it can be summarized by an
willingness that I've observed in the
left to acknowledge a fundamental truth
that government is fundamentally force
and absolutely nothing else government
is not compassion government is not
large yes the government isn't money how
the government does not have a red cent
that it doesn't take from you or I all
the government has its basest essence is
the threat of force every government
program no matter how beneficial
detrimental or innocuous exists entirely
because underlying its perspective
implementation is an invisible gun press
to your temple which is why I think the
most valuable thought exercise one can
employ and I'm gonna kind of steal this
from Penn Jillette because I think he
made a good point is to ask yourself
like okay I'd like for the government to
do that but am i okay with pointing a
gun and another human being and forcing
them to do that because when you ask
that question I think it brings your
cherished beliefs under harsh
illumination and impels you to sort of
reexamine and a lot of times it may even
bring you farther to the left for
example having examined some of the more
ghoulish aspects of especially the late
term variant I find abortion utterly
repugnant on a personal moral level but
by the same token I cannot ethically
reconcile aiming a gun at another human
being and forcing them not to imbibe in
a readily available medical procedure
you know ergo I say hands off abortion
more to the point well it would be
wonderful for each of us to a man to
have medical care health insurance and a
big-tittied nurse to blow me
dawn-to-dusk
you know it ain't okay to point a gun in
someone's face and forcibly compel them
to do so and make no mistake that's the
end result if you don't pay taxes pay
your fine don't pay your fine you have
to pay your interest don't pay your
interest go to court don't go to court
bench warrant then the cops show up and
then you get to see the barrel of the
gun
charity is charity philanthropy is
philanthropy government is fundamentally
force and I've kind of wracked my brain
load these many months for many an hour
to comprehend how the same slacked of
his left that perpetuated the hands up
don't shoot fiction have any difficulty
whatsoever discerning the fact that
government is not only force but all too
elephant a an utterly unmoderated
application of it so
yeah that that would be what I have to
say on the subject of our my opposition
to modern progressivism all right so I'm
gonna open it up to a more freeform
discussion here and just you guys okay
good I want to say about that we'll
start it off with Kyle cuz I'm sure you
take issue with some of the things that
were said just now oh yes oh yes okay so
that was about four or five minutes of
denying the social contract is what you
just did
you're basically regurgitating the
talking points that 14-year olds
spew after they read a nine Rand book so
we by saying oh government is forced
that's all it really comes down to
that's a gross oversimplification and
what you're basically doing is saying
but it's all the same it's all the same
so when the government does Medicare for
example and saves the lives of people
who need health care and are over the
age of 65 when the government builds
roads and bridges when we have
firefighters and police what you're
doing is you're saying well look
ultimately at the end of the day
government equals force so all that
stuff I'm gonna lump into the same
basket and say it's it's useless or it's
not doesn't fit in my ideology or my
philosophy but what I would what I would
submit to you is literally every single
modern nation on the planet has a
government and the question is not are
we gonna have government or not is it
going to be an anarcho-capitalist
society or not the question is what size
government should we have so in other
words if you want to debate what kind of
tax rate we should have how much the
government should or shouldn't be
involved in somebody's life that's a
legitimate debate it is not at all a
legitimate debate to try to pretend like
these anarcho-capitalist talking points
are a form of valid argument where you
lump everything into the same basket and
say government equals forest therefore
let's just disregard it and pretend like
we don't need it well if you don't need
it you know what go ahead and move to
the tundra in Siberia and let me know
how that works out for you and then
before you know you'll be begging to
come back to civilized society where yes
we have government and the question is
to what extent do we have government but
here's the great irony
you argue for the social contract and
argue that when the government saves
someone's life then that's a laudable
experience but by the same token when
someone dies due to inadequate
healthcare from socialized medicine
which does happen socialized medicine
countries which are very near very
nearly happens to people in countries
with flat-out single-payer health care
systems where where they wind up with
healthcare complications due to
exorbitant wait times over healthcare
that's funny how that social contract
simply erodes and only works one way
well that what you just said is [ __ ]
that's not true I would argue further
I'm sorry what what you said is not true
so first of all every single country is
like rationing is this big thing the
people on the right like to point you oh
my god rationing health care and
single-payer systems every single
country rations care the question is how
do you ration it and how do you
prioritize it in the u.s. we do what's
called a wallet biopsy so the richer you
are the more likely you are to get good
health care in other countries they and
single payer countries they they ration
based on need so elective procedures so
yes if you want to [ __ ] chin surgery
or you want something that's elective
you might have to wait a little bit and
you know what that's totally fine
because the person who needs a
gallbladder surgery right now is gonna
get that gallbladder surgery and it's
always hilarious to me when I listen to
people like you talk about single-payer
health care and then you go and talk to
somebody who lives in a single-payer
system it's night and day they tell you
know I love our system and we think what
you do is crazy and by the way while
we're at it allow me to say that 45,000
people die every year in the US because
they don't have access to basic health
care that number in Canada and Norway
and Denmark and Iceland Sweden is zero
yeah and that's and that's invariably
what you'll fall back on but more people
have access it's true that's why I think
your thing is true providing access is
not the same thing as providing care you
know we're eating the number of people
who have access to character unless you
have a magic Harry Potter wand to
increase the number of doctors and
nurses overnight in a system that no
longer places ample incentives on
actually becoming a doctor welcome
threats all you did was give the entire
nation access to interminable wait times
I mean does it broaden coverage we
disagree the people in Canada tis
disagree the people in Norway disagree
apparently they have that magic Harry
Potter wand because they're making it
work right now and our system is not
working which which is actually not
factual because in 2013 alone in Canada
across all 12 major medical disciplines
average wait times swelled like an
improperly diagnosed neck tumour from
nearly ten weeks to eighteen and a half
weeks and I mentioned these improperly
what did I just tell you the wait times
are for elective procedures they're not
for necessary procedures they have now
and here's why I mentioned the
improperly diagnosed neck tumour because
I can I can use an example that's
actually very public and was very public
on our format YouTube prominent
philosophy youtubers stefan molyneux had
a tumor on his neck oh yes philosophy
YouTube or the very serious thinker
stefan molyneux oh please continue so
very relevant to this discussion you're
the one who mentioned they tell him they
tell him don't worry it's benign wait
three more months dude sitting near with
a shotput
in his jaw they're playing the smooth
jazz music for him over the phone and
asking him to please stand by for a
quarter of a goddamn here ten months
pass he finally gets airfare to the
states and gets it lanced off by one of
our inferior american doctors who by the
way takes one look at it says that [ __ ]
ain't benign and puts him on chemo
treatments he should have been taking in
Canada for the last year socialized
medicine quite nearly killed the dude
okay so ready that's one example you
ready for my example there's somebody
named Bob somebody named Steve somebody
named Jeff somebody named Chris somebody
named Barbara somebody named Susan there
are and this is a Harvard study I'm
quoting from youready quote 45,000
people die every year from lack of
health coverage and furthermore if you
want to talk about the Veterans
Administration suite do you want to talk
about specific cases let's talk about
specific cases there is a woman this is
under our private health insurance
system you know how people love to say
under Obamacare there are death panels
guess what they're right there are death
panels they're called private insurance
companies because what happens is they
try to find any way possible to wiggle
out of paying for your care because if
you have a private health insurance
system
you want to maximize profit as much as
possible that's the way it works you're
for profits so hey how do we make more
money deny as much care as possible
there was a woman who had skin cancer
and her insurance company said we're not
gonna pay out on your claim she's like
why this doesn't make any sense they
said well we look back into your past
and we found that you had acne she's
like what that doesn't make any sense
you're not gonna pay for my skin
treatment because I had acne they go
well you say it's acne we say it was
cancerous skin lesions and you had a
pre-existing condition so now we're not
gonna pay out and guess what she died so
you want to you want to sit here and
shoot anecdotes all day we could shoot
anecdotes all day but honestly I don't
give a [ __ ] about anecdotes because
anecdotes are anecdotes for a reason
they ignore them the macro picture and
the macro picture is from the Harvard
study not Kyle speaking here the Harvard
study quote 45,000 people die every year
from lack of health coverage in the US
that does not exist in Canada or Norway
or Sweden no matter how many shitty
little stories you come up with to try
to pretend like single-payer systems or
monstrous when they're actually
objective hold on we're gonna be able to
revisit this subject when there is a
