so here's a big story that broke a few
days ago that frankly I've been chomping
at the bit to get on air and talk about
CNBC says democratic party files lawsuit
alleging Russia
the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks
conspired to disrupt the 2016 election
the Democratic National Committee sued
the Trump campaign the Russian
government WikiLeaks on Friday accusing
them of conspiring to disrupt the 2016
presidential election President Donald
Trump's son Donald Trump jr. and
son-in-law Jared Kushner are among the
defendants the DNC says Russia found a
willing and active partner in the Trump
campaign to attack American democracy
and defeat Hillary Clinton now Tom Perez
went on Chris Hayes show to go into
detail about exactly what's going on
here let's take a look and then we'll
come back and break it down
Pelosi weren't alerted about the lawsuit
until the DNC was about to file Tom
Perez the chairman of the Democratic
National Committee and he joins me now
chairman why now why now three reasons
Chris number one we don't know how long
the criminal proceedings will take and
nor do we want to rush that and so we
have to file in order to preserve our
rights under the civil justice system
statute of limitations things of that
nature so we have that legal imperative
number two over the course of the last
year I've done my homework a year ago it
was clear to me that the Russians had
hacked the DNC and they did it with the
purpose of helping Donald Trump and
hurting the Democrats but we didn't have
the evidence a year ago
connecting the Russians and the Trump
campaign we have that evidence now and
that's why we move forward and thirdly
Chris I'm worried about the 2018
elections there is no accountability for
what the Russians did and when they do
things with impunity because this
administration won't hold them
accountable we've got to hold them
accountable that's what the civil
justice system is about it's about
accountability it's about deterrence our
democracy is on fire and we have to
preserve our democracy we've got to
preserve full and fair elections and
that's a big part of what this is about
but
but the entities aren't gonna be held
accountable before the 2018 midterms
right I mean I've been around civil
litigation a little bit and boy does
that take a while well absolutely we
won't finish the case before now but we
want to send a very very clear signal if
you want to mess with elections here
there are going to be consequences we
are raising the cost of your
interference we know that this
administration is Putin's poodle and so
they're not going to do anything so we
will continue to act if you want to do
that if you're gonna punch us quite
frankly Chris we're gonna punch back and
that's what this lawsuit is about we are
protecting our democracy when you go
after the right to vote when you go
after the institution of Elections that
is the essence of our democracy so this
wasn't simply an attack on the DNC this
was an attack on our democracy just a
few of the reactions from some of the
people that are named here Roger stone
says it's bogus it's meritless and
baseless based on conjecture speculation
supposition some lawyers will have to be
sanctioned for wasting the Court's time
the Trump campaign says the Trump
campaign will be prepared to leverage
the discovery process explore the DNC's
now secret records about the actual
corruption they perpetrated and of
course the president tweeting that the
it's good news it will now counter for
the DNC server that they refused to give
to the FBI and then he said the wendy
Wasserman Schultz servers I think then
later corrected to debbie Wasserman
Schultz document held by the Pakistani
mystery man and Clinton emails what the
the people you've sued have gotten your
attention I guess well I mean I saw that
response and it was kind of a greatest
hits of all their wild conspiracy
theories and here's the thing for me
Chris I spent 12 years or so at the
Justice Department they were some of the
best years of my professional life I
worked as a career prosecutor under
Republican and Democratic
administrations I believe in the civil
justice system this case now goes before
an article 3 judge it's not trial by
Twitter it's trial in a court of law
where fake news and the things that
they're talking about that are just so
unfactored what they're saying
what they're saying and I want you to be
clear listen they're saying is this is
fundamentally a political messaging
document it is not a serious lawsuit
well I'll tell you Chris this is not
about partisanship it's about patriotism
and I'll tell you one other thing when
the lawsuit was filed by the DNC against
the Nixon campaign that was the exact
response of the Nixon campaign and John
Mitchell and and other folks who later
became convicted felons and we saw what
happened in Watergate and we will see
what will happen here 1972
shortly after break-in DNC files a
lawsuit settlement on the day that Nixon
leaks leaves offices I'm mistaken I'm
finally I'm Senator Claire McCaskill
who's in one of the most contested races
in the entire country in Missouri of
course she called this lawsuit a silly
distraction and I wonder if you view
your response to that well we can walk
and chew gum I love senator McCaskill
we've invested in her race we're going
to continue to invest in her race
because she's a great senator but I'll
tell you I disagree for the simple
reason that our democracy is at risk
here we have to make sure that the
elections coming up in November are fair
and they they invaded us the last time
they hacked the DNC they tried to
influence the outcome of the election
there's no accountability in the white
house and why wouldn't they do it again
indeed Tom why wouldn't people [ __ ] with
our elections again if they [ __ ] with
it in the past and they got away with it
for instance you're the head of the DNC
the DNC it's been proven that they
[ __ ] with the 2016 primary and
fundamentally rigged it in favor of
Hillary Clinton and against Bernie
Sanders now don't take my word for it go
back read all the articles go back
directly to the WikiLeaks emails and
you'll learn very quickly that you know
for example the DNC had a legal
agreement with Hillary Clinton's
campaign and they made it so that she
got final say on every press release you
couldn't make this up if you tried even
Donna Brazile who's a big-time Hillary
Clinton supporter said that when she
realized
what was actually going on when she was
the interim head of the DNC it disgusted
her and she said wow what the Bernie
Sanders supporters have been saying all
along is absolutely correct that this
was rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton
Elizabeth Warren in a moment of honesty
after we learned about the nature of
that contract between the DNC and
Hillary Clinton campaign said on a
24-hour cable news show yeah it was
rigged it's clear that it was rigged we
learned that they hid debates they
changed voting times in pro Bernie
districts they undemocratically gave her
super delegate votes before the actual
votes came in so we're talking about an
organization that was disgustingly
biased in favor of one of the two
candidates during a primary and then
they had the nerve in court to say hey
listen we didn't necessarily [ __ ] with
it but even if we did it would be legal
and totally okay so the guys who just
claimed hey not having a democratic
system is a good thing not having a
democratic system is totally a fair game
because the DNC is a private
organization so [ __ ] right off if you
don't like the way we do things that
organization is now you know giving us
crocodile tears all the sanctity of our
elections we have to preserve our
democracy quote there are going to be
consequences for messing with elections
that's what Tom Perez is saying I've
never seen a more out of touch
disgusting PR stunt in my life and
understand there's there's only a tiny
group of people who are cheering on this
silliness
because here's who you lost first of all
your entire base why because your base
are the people who are out there
fighting day in and day out for issues
that matter and that fix people's lives
fighting for Medicare for all in free
college and a living wage and ending the
wars and a new New Deal and ending the
drug war and legalizing marijuana your
base is fundamentally issues driven if
somebody's on the left and they actually
care about the issues
the base but this is what consumes their
time and this is what consumes their
thoughts what you do here is yet again
take your eye off the ball and you get
mired in conspiracy theory and you'll
get mired in extreme partisan hackery
and you're not talking about any of the
issues that really matter so you lose
your base with the PR stunt like this
and then you know who else you lose well
they just set it right there Claire
McCaskill for example so you lose the
Blue Dog Democrats too because the Blue
Dog Democrats know okay listen I'm from
a red state so I can't be like rah-rah
super team Democrat I have to buck
orthodoxy every now and then if I want
to get reelected cuz my state is mostly
Republicans so this is a perfect example
a perfect time where they could just
come out and say no I think the DNC the
Democratic Party is being utterly
ridiculous and what a waste of time and
effort this is so you lose the right
wing of the Democratic Party who by the
way I agree with on pretty much nothing
else but you lose you know the Claire
McCaskill's the joe Manchin's and
there's a decent number of these people
you lose them you lose the base the
Bernie supporters and the only people
who you fire up are the most partisan of
the partisan hacks the people who still
can't get over the fact that Hillary
Clinton lost and on a daily basis are
out there blaming James Comey and Gary
Johnson and Jill Stein and Vladimir
Putin and the FBI and everybody except
her they're blaming racism and sexism
and whatever they could point to that
absolves the neoliberal corporatist war
monger that is Hillary Clinton that's
what they're doing so this is yet
another way for the Democrats to not
learn the lessons of the 2016 election
and by the way everybody's making fun of
this the onion had a hilarious headline
about this they said democratic party
files lawsuit to make sure you never
forget the 2016 election I mean wouldn't
you wouldn't that be the first thing
you'd want to do if you're the Democrat
party-like okay let's try to get people
to forget the fact that we lost to a
caricature of a human being a living
parody a [ __ ] orange faced fake
haired buffoon with a low IQ who can't
string together coherent sentences and
contradicted himself every eight seconds
you lost to a circus act anybody who
hasn't totally lost the plot would go
okay let's move past this as much as
possible no they're doing the exact
opposite they don't want you to forget
that they lost a donald trump and now
they're fun they're filing a sour grapes
lawsuit and then by the way even if
you're one of the people who says okay
you know what Kyle I think there's a lot
more to this collusion story than you
let on fair enough but there's still a
giant problem with this lawsuit do you
have any idea the First Amendment
implications this has for the future the
precedent that you're setting because
what they're saying is you can't have
newsworthy information be published by
WikiLeaks WikiLeaks does when news
outlets are supposed to do hey we got
this information on elites on powerful
people they're hiding it from you they
shouldn't be hiding it from you this is
obviously in the public's interest to
learn this stuff you get to see how the
sausage is really made and our
corruption really works so WikiLeaks is
doing what all the out the mainstream
media outlets should be doing and what
the DNC is saying is no we don't like
the consequences of you doing your job
as actual journalists and reporters now
we're gonna sue you now by the way let
me just say real quick as a side point
you know I don't agree with Julian
Assange Assange his assessment of the
last election it was pretty clear and we
learned through some unearthed dm's for
example that in Julian Assange his
estimation he thought well it's better
if the Republicans win and he believed
that in the 2016 election now I don't
believe that but having said that that
doesn't mean that releasing the DNC
emails is wrong in fact it is still
clearly right because we learned about
how the election was rigged in favor of
Hillary Clinton to to argue against what
happened because of the motivations is
fundamentally preposterous because look
at what happened with you know Edward
Snowden for example Edward Snowden what
he did was technically illegal hey
you're not allowed to release you know
information that's top-secret
information that's classified
information well what if the stuff that
they classified is top secret
his stuff that shouldn't be top secret
and he's exposing crimes and wrongdoing
and that's what it was that's what he
did
he said hey by the way the NSA's taking
everybody's information and spying on
everybody and it's without a warrant so
there's no more Fourth Amendment so the
government is violating the Constitution
and the Fourth Amendment so he does that
and then what did idiots say in response
to that oh I can't believe Edward
Snowden broke the law you can't believe
Edward Snowden broke the law talk about
missing the forest through the trees the
real [ __ ] scandal here is that the
government is spying on everybody by the
same token the real scandal is not that
Julian Assange and WikiLeaks release the
emails the real scandal is what was in
the [ __ ] emails and partisan
corporate democrat loyalist hacks have
been bending over backwards to try to
not discuss the content of the emails so
much so that they just filed the most
hilarious lawsuit mired in projection of
all time where as they were exposed as
rigging an election they're now filing a
lawsuit fundamentally claiming that the
Republicans are the ones who really
rigged the election what how far up your
own ass are you that you can't see
straight
and realize you have no case here and
again even if you disagree with me on
the substance of you know collusion
that's irrelevant because what really
matters here is the principle the First
Amendment and this would have a terrible
stifling effect on free
speech and a free press if you say hey
getting information and then releasing
it when it's in the public interest
you're not allowed to do that and we'll
sue you if you do that well any
administration can take advantage of
that for any reason whatsoever so this
is the Democratic Party they've lost
their [ __ ] mind
and then by the way this is the Pied
Piper strategy also needs to be
discussed here because it's been proven
that Hillary Clinton her campaign and
the Democrats they decided oh what we
want to do is we want to build up Donald
Trump as much as possible because we
think it's a slam dunk election versus
Donald Trump so we're gonna do
everything in our power to try to make
him be viewed as the serious contender
the real candidate
so you propped him up and then you lost
to him and your claim is that well
WikiLeaks and Russia they tried to prop
up Donald Trump and we're gonna sue them
over that
why don't you suit yourselves you tried
to prop them up it was called the Pied
Piper strategy it's documented it's all
out there in the open it's proven they
have fundamentally lost their minds guys
I mean this is I can't tell you the
seething anger I was filled with when I
saw that this is the PR stunt the
Democrats are currently engaging in
listen if I wasn't in New York in fact
here I'll just say it if you're in a
state that has open primaries what the
[ __ ] are you doing being registered as a
Democrat what are you doing what are you
doing if you're in a state that allows
you to vote in democratic primaries
while being an independent I don't know
why you're still a Democrat burn your
[ __ ] card burn it right now
I'm in New York so unfortunately I can't
burn my democratic card because then I
give up my vote for example for Cynthia
Nixon versus Andrew Cuomo which I refuse
to do I give up my vote in the the next
Democratic primary where I might have
the opportunity to vote for Bernie
Sanders again or some awesome
progressive so I can't burn my
Democratic card but if you're in a state
that allows you to vote in primaries
without being a Democrat burn your
[ __ ]
right now right that what the [ __ ] you
waiting for they've totally and utterly
lost their minds
this is comical on like 13 different
levels its but against the first
amendment in a way that's above and
beyond anything I could have possibly
conceptualized beforehand like they just
simply don't understand the First
Amendment they don't understand the idea
of a free press by the way a lot of the
things that they think are proven or not
proven at all even the idea that oh well
Julian Assange definitely got that
information from Russia that's not
proven that's not proven by a [ __ ]
longshot okay and you know Julian
Assange even though I have some
substantive disagreements with him this
is the guy who gave us that for example
the Chelsea Manning leaks this is the
guy who showed how the US government was
massacring civilians and laughing about
it in Iraq and then covering it up and
not having anybody being held
responsible for it so he has a track
record at telling me the truth even
though I disagree with him on some
political issues of course but he has a
track record of telling me the truth but
and I'm supposed to trust the democratic
party that just rigged the election when
they come out and say no Julian Assange
definitely got it from Russia definitely
out the information from Russia and
listen I've got a step further than
other people in that I've said I don't
give a [ __ ] even if they got it from
Russia I don't care I want to see the
corruption it needs to be exposed what
kind of a [ __ ] [ __ ] sits there and
goes no hide the corruption for me
because I agree with the party in the
first place so I'm gonna overlook their
corruption because they're on my team
you know who does that a tribalist idiot
now I also wish that there were leaks on
the Republicans and I got to see how bad
their corruption is as well at the RNC
because I'm sure it's just as bad as the
Democrats if not worse but I mean the
idea that people would say that's a bad
thing that we got that information I
mean you have to be such a partisan hack
that it's laughable if you really take
that position so it's ridiculous the
most important reason it's ridiculous is
the Pied Piper strategy that they did
what they're accusing Russia and
