it Halla [ __ ] Dow what it do
I'm gonna apologize to everybody because
I'm eating an apple and I will I will
not stop eating this Apple I'll he's
gonna be you because of the noise the
mouth noise she was like it's so
disgusting when you eat in your podcast
I was like I'm hungry at that time so I
want to eat I mean I agree with her but
if I don't eat this Apple I'll be like
dead by the end of the podcast sometimes
I'd like a snack or something like that
just to like I mean even in school back
in the day I would need something but
like just keep my like keep me awake or
some [ __ ]
yeah my brain I sat down like 10 minutes
ago in this heat and like my brain
wasn't working I was like okay I have to
do something about this so I just um
when someone talks with their mouth full
like is that something you notice you
know I'm weird because if somebody is
like really aggressively chewing and you
hear the mouth noises that doesn't
bother me
mm-hmm what bothers me is actually the
opposite what bothers me is like when
they're chewing and it's not loud but
you still hear it mm-hmm you know I'm
saying it's almost there in between
hiding it and just saying [ __ ] it boss
the wall that's the [ __ ] that bothers me
and actually what bothers me more is
just not eating noises but just regular
mouth noises if somebody's sitting there
and they're like there's one of those
people where it gets quiet and you just
hear like some mouth noises like like
some [ __ ] like that
yeah or some weird swallowing noise a
nice to meet like that battle but yeah
I'm using it terrible to like be around
for an extended period of time because
I'm probably like a curmudgeon
[ __ ] after a while did I do
anything on a road trip that you notice
that like was like man I wish you could
say I don't know I know you didn't but
that's why we vibe I think you're pretty
good at you're pretty good at like
sensing it's in the pipe yeah sensing
the mood of other people mm-hmm
and like you're cognizant of that and so
you know how to like navigate that
whereas some people they don't but it's
almost like they don't feed off of your
vibe that much and so they're just like
going their own [ __ ] 100 miles an hour
and that problem I'm probably hard to
beat those people it's hard for them to
be around me mmm because I might you
know after a while I might just lose it
F after a while on some stupid [ __ ] but
that's my fault you know I'm just a
weird kind of dude in that respect yeah
I used to remember the like I have
memories of like like being in school
and you try to eat chips or something
like that and you try and be like so
subtle about it and you because when you
eat a chip you hear it like in your
brain a lot more than what other people
do that's a great point so it's a point
you do hear a lot you remember that and
then that much yeah you'll be like like
and you hear that [ __ ] od in your head
and then the rest of the class you're
looking around like certain ones are
even louder I think like Frito Lays are
super loud corn chips mm-hmm they're
really loud I think they're them one of
the louder ones yeah I feel like Cheetos
like the puffy ones aren't that bad cuz
it's like just a lot of fluff no I
thought yeah Molly would always be like
don't eat on air cuz it's mad disgusting
and like it just sounds wrong and I'm
like it never bothered me that bad no I
never bothered me one thing I do notice
that bothers me though is if people are
doing podcasts on they smoke weed and
then they get the mean cottonmouth I'd
rather hear somebody chewing than hear
the cottonmouth
and I'm like clearing their throat or
something like yeah like the cottonmouth
and the clear in their throat because
like this I'm about cottonmouth where
you could hear that flyness
I put myself in their shoes and I'm just
like yo you need a drink right now like
you did chug the whole thing a Poland
Spring heart and even now you're just
putting a dent into your cottonmouth you
know what I mean mm-hmm but I don't mind
the eating as much as I mind that but
there are yes a listen to right now like
[ __ ] you you're eating right now and
talking now that [ __ ] doesn't buy and if
you do do it like you said like some
confidently [ __ ] and not on some like
trying to hide it yeah
like my most like iconic memories are
just like like videos or like I would be
at barbecues with just like a lot of
black people and they would be eaten and
they're just like over obnoxious
something like damn he looks like he's
really enjoying that [ __ ] eating some
ribs and it's just like this is
delicious and they're talking like
telling you a story about some [ __ ] like
back when I we were playing ball and uh
yeah I wanna be eaten on that type of
level one day not give a [ __ ] be telling
some story and someone just not even
like correcting me on my [ __ ] and I'm
just like really enjoying that [ __ ]
so I strive to get to that level by the
way this Apple has probably been in my
fridge for like over a week bad
Granny Smith it's what it's whatever the
green [ __ ] is yeah I don't know if Green
is Granny Smith and then the red ones
are like mama green dude to death you
don't like the red right or okay but I
like green a lot more do you ever get
funky with it and like cut it up and try
and put like peanut butter on it and
like really get weird with it when I was
younger I would do that I like apples
and peanut butter that's a good mix hell
yeah it's such a good combo like just
like the sweetness and then like the
peanut buttery sourness aren't there
yellow there's yellow are there yellow
apples too um I feel like there are okay
here my dog yeah that's alright no
worries
that [ __ ] barks all the time
when I come home and you would think
after like the tenth year that he's been
here he would realize that like it's
just gonna be me coming in with my book
bag and it's not some [ __ ] stranger
ass [ __ ] dogs are so dumb like dude
we've done this every day for the last
two years we've lived here we've
actually chill we actually touched on
two things I wanted to do polls about
the first one I was gonna do say red
versus green apple but that's why I
asked if there's yellow cuz we could
throw yellow in there there is a yellow
Apple I think those are pears right
while pairs exist but I think there's a
there's a yellow Apple to I'm gonna look
it up right now yellow Apple yeah I
think so
yellow and when I typed in AP apples was
the first thing that popped up a yellow
Apple yeah 25 different kinds of apples
damn that many yeah there's a bunch of
them you ever go apple picking yeah a
few times when I was younger I don't
really get the whole fun of it I don't
like strawberry picking because I don't
really like strawberries apple picking
was all right when you're a kid that's
some fun [ __ ] but as you get older it's
like whatever yeah and then you realize
the people that work there when you're
older just like some creepy Long Island
people who want to like steal your money
but when you're younger you're like so
what is the Apple place yeah like you
just realize that people who run these
businesses are just grimy creepy [ __ ]
people when you go there later in life
on like a date or something like that
like you want some apple potty but go
with that buddy and you're just like
yeah I just wanted to come here apple
picking cuz it was a date or something
have you ever had a pillared apple cider
donuts I think I have but I don't know
if I like them it's like when I had some
times it's too much like the they do too
much wood [ __ ] like there's too much
pumpkin [ __ ] there's too much apple [ __ ]
like keep it simple like there should be
some pumpkin pie that's banging and then
like you don't you'll need like pumpkin
syrup and pumpkin like dog food and like
I was never I was never a big fan of
pumpkin anything other than it was that
oh yeah okay so the first pole best
apple red green yellow I'm not gonna
micromanage it like McIntosh you know
what I mean granny yeah I think where
that is actually McIntosh now that
there's a few red but there's a bunch of
different red ones okay yeah like
there's a yeah when you go to the store
it's like there's a bunch of different
red ones um which can go with that best
apple red green yellow did you rinse the
Apple before yeah I did Israel
rush this [ __ ] I think so you think rads
gonna crush hey that's just the most I
think everybody's grown up with like red
apple is your friend that you grew up
with and like yeah but people some
people rebels like me and they're like
you'll [ __ ] your red apple where's my
green at I feel like it's like like
60/40 type [ __ ] yeah I think Reds gonna
win pretty handily
I think yellow is gonna get [ __ ] on it's
gonna be oh yeah yeah I don't even know
yellow like yeah we both know err we
didn't know was it existed like if I saw
a yellow Apple in the supermarket I
would be like something's wrong with
that [ __ ] like why'd you guys put that
out there what was the other one
you said dawg
you said you mentioned dog and I was
gonna do we were gonna do straight up
dog verse cat by the way I guess people
crush I asked people before the podcast
I was like give me Paul stuff anybody
hit you would [ __ ]
yeah the the dog verse cat one somebody
gave me and then there's a few more that
we're gonna do that the day gate that
some people gave me we had something
last week we were gonna do yeah I got
them right here okay Street Fighter
Mortal Kombat Tekken you're an Xbox
verse playstation do you play that
fortnight or asked you have you heard of
it
that video game no what is it
first-person shooter it's something like
that like a Henry was explaining that
[ __ ] to me well about how it makes it
different from any other shooting game
and I guess like the viewpoints are
different or something like that and I
was like sounds like every other game
why is it you know like everybody and
their mother plays that [ __ ] I can't
I've lost interest in games that I don't
that are not intuitive upfront like if I
have to [ __ ] force myself to learn
some [ __ ] and [ __ ] you like get make it
at least like I understand having to
learn to an extent because you it's a
game you have to learn how to play but
if it's difficult controls that even
after you learn it you don't get it then
that's not that's such a time investment
you know what I mean yeah yeah like you
got to make it so that it's somewhat
intuitive so yeah sitting there feeling
like a [ __ ] idiot on my twelfth time
trying to get that shot basis [ __ ] down
exactly like don't don't make it so hard
that I we can't do basic [ __ ] and I'm
gonna have to sit there and [ __ ] look
it up yeah I remember when I first the
only I I think I've said this before the
only game I used to play really on xbox
that was like a shooter was Tom Clancy's
like Splinter Cell mm-hmm and the game
was super hot up until this one point
where you had to like pick a lock and it
was like it was pretty far in the game
but like that made you lose interest
yeah it was impossible to pick the lock
and I remember like it was like when I
could go on the internet and look stuff
up and I don't really want to but then I
was like so into the game that I googled
like why is like how do you pick this
lock and there was like forums on it
like it's mad hard oh I can't do that
you got to do this that and the other
and I was like [ __ ] this game like yeah
I was really enjoying it up until this
point and I put a lot of work into look
like pick the lock but there should have
been a point where it was like all right
you could pick the [ __ ] even though you
don't really get it like you're trying
hard enough
okay that's exactly my point that's
exactly my point like you just lost
interest because it's like you made this
task too hard like the payoff if I get
through the [ __ ] is not even worth the
fact but you frustrated me so much in
the process to get through this lock
that even when I get through it it's not
gonna be like yes I'm through it it's
gonna be like [ __ ] you for making me
work that [ __ ] hard mm-hmm yeah it
wasn't it wasn't gonna be some sense of
like oh thank god oh thank god I beat
this level it was gonna go you [ __ ] this
game I never want to turn it on again
and like you make you want to break the
[ __ ] game I know that feeling man I
know that feeling
so for cats cat we're gonna do cats
verse dog straight up what are your
thoughts on that you're dog person right
yeah I've hate cats I think cats should
be thrown off of this planet that's
[ __ ] up dude
I was actually kind of torn I mean look
ultimately see here's the thing I like
dogs better cuz their demeanor is better
and [ __ ] and they are really loving and
they're more of a human being they know
like what's going on they're adorable
they're cute like yes so dogs win hands
down in that way but on the flip side
if the question is to own then I'm not
I'm not so sure I'm a dog person because
I was even looking into maybe getting a
kit in a while ago yeah I remember you
told me yeah it's a specific kind of
kitten it was like a British Shorthair
and there's another kitten called a
ragdoll kitten we're like they're they
want to like kind of cuddle with you and
[ __ ] they have like a very dog ish
demeanor for a cat but like the thing
about them that makes the cat's better
in my opinion to own is that it's so
much less work because cats are so much
more independent
yeah the nighttime maintenance you have
to do almost nothing almost nothing
mm-hmm so that's like versus a dog is
like you really have to give the dog a
lot of love and attention and you got to
walk the dog and they bark like a
[ __ ] every single bit yeah yeah
so to own I'm a cat person
I'm debt I would definitely be a cat
person but in terms of going over
somebody else's house Oh dog hands-down
if I'm going to somebody's house I don't
have to be around it for like three or
four hours yeah and then it's no
question a dog because you're gonna get
nothing but upside you're gonna get
nothing but you know the love and
attention and they'll play with you and
it's just like it you can't beat that
it's that they're the ideal pet yeah yes
so I just yeah I think if the question
was which would you rather be a dog or a
cat I'd absolutely want to be a cat I
think I relate more to look at Oh cuz
they're more independent and dogs or
more no because cats are just like I'm
just gonna chill right here for as long
as I want and then oh I'm gonna randomly
get up right now and just walk to
another spot and chill there it's good
that's like how I lived my life yeah I
saw this funny thing when I was when I
was younger I think my cousin sent it to
me like what's going on in the mind of a
cat versus a dog and the dog it's like I
woke up this morning my favorite thing I
breakfast my favorite thing I ran around
outside my favorite thing my owner pet
me my favorite thing and then for the
cat it was like some sinister [ __ ] like
looking at the owner like if I can find
a way to jump on the kitchen table and
take my claws and stab him in the neck I
think I could kill him and take control
of this whole domicile
and that's true it's like you see a cat
it looks really like independent and
like [ __ ] you I don't need you looking
at you like some big that's a master
plan in their head like I'm gonna one
day own this house yeah like if I was
bigger I can [ __ ] you up that's what a
catch thinking that's what like okay if
you think about it like they're
domesticated sure but if the cat was
bigger I mean how much bigger you have
to get and then all of a sudden it's a
[ __ ] Bobcat and then all of a sudden
it's a mountain lion and they all sudden
it's a [ __ ] Panther and then it's a
leopard and then it's a Jaguar and
there's a lion that's gonna rip your
[ __ ] neck so here the big would [ __ ]
you up what does a dog like evolution
[ __ ] would it like evolve all like a
horse oh [ __ ]
wolf dogs in fact dogs are domesticated
wolves that the dogs evolve to when
there were wolves that left the pack
because they would they would be around
the people and the people would feed
them scraps so like normal wolves would
[ __ ] a human up and just eat a human but
there are some like wolves that aren't
as fierce and don't have that mentality
to like be that killer instinct so the
last wolf in the pack yeah exactly so
that they would be the ones who kind of
hang out around the people they'd like
feed them their scraps and then though
the wolf and the people became friends
and then over time those kinds of wolves
when they would you know breed the next
generation would have those same kind of
characteristics those same traits and
then the further along you go the more
docile they become in the less fierce
they become and the more friendly they
become and then eventually dogs came out
of that hmm isn't that crazy that's
crazy
remember that from Neil deGrasse Tyson
this thing cosmos or whatever the [ __ ]
it was yeah yeah he was they were
explaining how dogs came about I was
like oh [ __ ] that's crazy that is nuts
I wonder if that'll happen with I mean
it's probably too small of a sample but
like those people that have like tame
lines and [ __ ] as pets
there's like only three of those people
out there but like eventually it takes
so much time like yeah yeah you're right
but like it takes so long for something
to evolve and like change characteristic
you know what I mean because yeah when I
say change I mean
[ __ ] change like their bodies got
smaller their ears took a different
shape their eyes took a different shape
their [ __ ] forgot a lot less hard it
got like softer so you know it's weird
you see this with pigs in a shorter time
frame if you take a domesticated pig you
know what a domesticated pig looks like
it's got like a pinkish kind of body
like a peachy pink --is-- kind of body
you release that pig in the wild it'll
grow thick hair and it'll grow [ __ ]
like [ __ ] what's the word toss fangs
not fangs like horn shits tusks or what
I think they're called tusks okay but
like they become a wild pig like a wild
pig is [ __ ] creepy looking
yeah that sounds creepy looking yeah
things are already [ __ ] creepy
looking as [ __ ] those things are nothing
to [ __ ] with wild pigs are nothing to
[ __ ] with thank you I wouldn't want to
[ __ ] with a wild pig yeah
okay so we got to do cat verse dog I
think dog is gonna crush in this pole I
think so too
yeah I just um I feel like there's just
more friendly dog stories than there are
a cat stories like you can't tell a good
cat story
we shouldn't even do this one cuz dog is
gonna crush so much not even worth it
yeah like there's no question here you
know I'm saying like it's worth it was
worth having the conversation so I can
make my point about how for a lazy ass
person you want to get a cat not a dog
you know what I mean like it's worth it
