Donald Trump had a meeting with top
Saudi officials at the White House and
he put on an embarrassing and shameful
display by bragging about how great they
are for doing business with us
thank you very much everybody it's a
great honor to have the Crown Prince
with us Saudi Arabia's been a very great
friend and a big purchaser of equipment
and lots of other things and one of the
biggest investments in the United States
is there I guess it's your big
investment is buying stock in companies
and various other things in the United
States and creating jobs we've become
very good friends over a fairly short
period of time I was in Saudi Arabia in
May and we are bringing back hundreds of
billions of dollars into the United
States and we understand that and they
understand that some of the things that
have been approved and are currently
under construction and will be delivered
to Saudi Arabia very soon and that's for
their protection but if you look in
terms of dollars three billion dollars
five hundred and thirty three million
dollars five hundred and twenty five
million dollars that's peanuts for you
should have increased it eight hundred
and eighty million dollars six hundred
and forty five million dollars six
billion dollars that's four frigates 889
million 63 million and that's for
various artillery some of the things
that we're now working on next and that
have been ordered and will shortly be
started in construction and delivered
that system thirteen billion dollars the
c-130 helic airplanes the Hercules great
plane three point eight billion dollars
the Bradley vehicles
that's the tanks one point two billion
dollars and the p8 Poseidon's one point
four billion dollars
and what it does is it really means many
many jobs we're talking about over
40,000 jobs in the United States so
we'll make the best equipment in the
world there's nobody even close and
Saudi Arabia is buying a lot of this
equipment and a lot of people are at
work making the equipment not only for
us because we as you know we were
getting a seven hundred billion dollar
military proposal and that's even a lot
for you guys but we're getting a seven
hundred billion dollar military plan
this year in 716 will be next year 716
billion dollars so we're we really have
a great friendship a great relationship
I would really have to say the
relationship was to put it mildly very
very strained during the Obama
administration and the relationship now
is probably as good as it really ever
been what a kook I mean this is a guy
who said when he was running for
president before he ran for president
he accurately pointed out that what is
it 16 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 came
from Saudi Arabia the ideology of these
extremists comes from Saudi Arabia I'm
talking of course about Wahhabism the
ultra-conservative far right
interpretation literalist interpretation
of islam that al-qaeda believes in Isis
believes in so you have a group of utter
extremists and Donald Trump goes from
calling that out before he was president
when he was running for president to
becoming the number one cook because
business overrides any practical
concerns pragmatic concerns or massive
ideological differences or even
terrorism so business as usual the
status quo the establishment keeping
everything trucking along as always
that's something Trump used to criticize
and now he's the biggest cheerleader of
it and he's bragging about
how close he is with the Saudi crime
family
what a mega kook that's my new nickname
for Donald Trump mega kook that's what
you are buddy so holy [ __ ] that's so sad
now the most important point here is
those weapons are being used in a
genocide that's not an opinion that's
not conjecture that's not Kyle putting
some left-wing spin on it that's the
reality of the situation look at what's
going on in Yemen right now
Saudi Arabia is blockading the country
not allowing in medicine so there's a
cholera epidemic over there not allowing
in food so there are people millions of
people who are starving to death Saudi
Arabia has targeted mosques and open-air
markets and hospitals and schools
they've even bombed schools for the
blind they're using cluster bombs that
the US has given them that are illegal
under international law so there are so
many violations of international law and
it's a humanitarian crisis and it's on
purpose it's a choice and the US has
been helping them by the way not just
arming them and giving the money and
propping them up but also helping them
in terms of pointing out the places on
the map where they need to be bombing so
this is we're carrying out a genocide
and you have this shows you how
disconnected we are from the
consequences of our actions because when
you're the world's sole superpower
doesn't Matt you don't who's gonna hold
you [ __ ] a complan was gonna hold you
accountable so you don't need to give a
[ __ ] about the consequences of your
actions but how pathetic is it that
they're bragging about these weapons we
know they're gonna be used for a
genocide and the media I haven't heard a
single [ __ ] thing from the media
connecting the dots going wow we're
arming people who are committing a
genocide right now that's wild maybe we
shouldn't be doing that nobody in the
media is saying this nobody in the media
is talking about this how pathetic is
mainstream media in the United States of
America I mean and then it's amazing
because the other day Donald Trump
called to congratulate Putin on his
re-election everybody melted down on TV
and in corporate media now Obama also
did that in 2012 and Obama did that soon
after a Vladimir Putin invaded Georgia
not the US Georgia the Georgia over
there but those you don't know so now
that really made a big deal about that
actually that's not fair that the right
wing melted down when that happened so
but I said back then no I that's what
you do when you're a world leader I
don't really care about words you're
just playing the game to try to have
influence over that country in one way
or another if you say hey
congratulations on your win
sure he didn't actually win it but
you're just playing the game when you
say stuff like that I don't really care
about words you know what I do care
about material support so in other words
in the eyes of corporate media it's
outrageous and unacceptable when you
congratulate an authoritarian leader who
won a election but it's not outrageous
when we arm and prop up an authoritarian
country carrying out a genocide I don't
care about the congratulations are you
kidding me I'd much rather have the us
congratulate Saudi Arabia over anything
then [ __ ] arm them and prop them up
as they carry out a genocide and we know
they're carrying out a genocide so I
care about the material support pisses
me off
and the u.s. supports 73 percent of the
world's dictatorships so the fact that
they're melting down over a phone call
to an authoritarian leader who we don't
support materially while they ignore the
73% of the world citator ships that we
do support militarily just shows you how
skewed the perception is that's all it
is is you're serving you know
militaristic ends and the
military-industrial complex when you tow
their line like that and again I just
can't get over the fact that these
weapons are gonna be used in a genocide
and nobody in the media is going holy
[ __ ] he's bragging about giving weapons
to somebody carrying out a genocide
could you imagine instead of us fighting
the Nazis if at the time we ended up
militarily supporting the Nazis
could you imagine if we're like oh here
take we're gonna sell you a bunch of
different war planes and we're gonna
sell you tanks and good luck and then
you show [ __ ] charts with how much
money or are you kidding me
but there's a genocide going on in Yemen
right now primarily being carried out by
Saudi Arabia with our assistance and
nobody bats an eyelash okay that's what
we're doing cuz jobs something jobs Oh
God
there are other ways to create jobs like
a new New Deal you could build a
high-speed rail you could build a
renewable energy economy there's a
million you rebuild our entire
infrastructure instead you're bragging
about jobs that will be used for
massacres of women and children and
civilians so this is a giant scandal
it's not being treated that way by any
stretch of the imagination and so this
is Trump being cooked by the Saudis but
guess what it's not just Donald Trump
the Senate also bowed down to Saudi
Arabia so it was Bernie Sanders and Mike
Lee were just a few of a number of
co-sponsors on a bill that stopped the
US support of Saudi Arabia in the
massacre in Yemen so they proposed a
bill to stop the siege of Yemen and 55
senators voted against ending it
why on earth why on earth would the
Senate be in favor of continuing the
massacre and destruction of Yemen well
we know the answer the answer is because
they have many jobs in their district
tied to the military-industrial complex
you know they're very clever with how
they go about this did you know that
there are there's military goods that
are produced in every state in the
United States so when that's the case
you get Democrats and Republicans
generally being okay with making these
weapons and selling these weapons around
the world because they have a number of
jobs in their district that are tied to
that but
more importantly many of these people
get money in campaign contributions when
they run for office from those so-called
defense contractors they're really
offense contractors at this point so you
have senators cooked by the
military-industrial complex in the Saudi
crime family now again this is one of
those issues where people are saying
yeah but hey it got more votes in favor
of ending the siege of Yemen than people
thought so yeh how's that gonna look in
the history books man like hey we almost
stopped the genocide that we were
partaking in almost doesn't count for
the countless dead bodies that are
laying on the ground that just got hit
with a missile from a plane almost
doesn't count so this it's just beyond
sad and the Senate and they always
routinely vote in favor of continuing to
arm Saudi Arabia is this what the
American people want take a poll ask the
American people how they feel about this
they're not going to agree with the
Senate and then the final point I'll
make here is there are now allegations
of the Saudis owning Jared Kushner the
Saudi prince was heard saying yeah Jared
Kirchner was in my pocket and they going
to intercept has a great piece where
they go into detail where they explain
how Jared Cushman was reading the
president's briefings like the most top
top top secret information I was getting
so he knew everything okay and one night
he decided oh I'm gonna fly to Saudi
Arabia for a meeting now
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the
time did not approve of it was not okay
with it but characters like I'm going to
Saudi Arabia so he went to Saudi Arabia
and they apparently him and the crown
prince stayed up until four o'clock in
the morning a few nights in a row
and guess what it was soon after Jared
Kushner left that the Saudi Crown Prince
went in
got all the people who were not okay
with his power grab and locked him up at
the hotel in Riyadh and tortured at
least one of them to death and force
them to sign over billions of dollars
worth of assets so the idea is Jared
Kushner was reading these briefings one
of the thing in things in these
briefings was the names of the people
who were against the Saudi Crown Prince
consolidating power his brazen power
grab so Jared Kushner went to Saudi
Arabia told the Crown Prince in exchange
for what
who knows told the crown prince hey here
your enemies and then the crown prince
said thank you I'll get you back soon
with whatever money investments and some
cushion or properties or whatever and
then the Saudi Crown Prince rounded up
all the people who were his enemies and
against his power grab and then locked
him away so this could be Jared Kushner
you want to talk about collusion you
want to talk about sharing classified
information and then Rex Tillerson there
was a there was a time when Rex
Tillerson heard about what Jericho was
doing behind his back and he's like who
the [ __ ] is Secretary of State here is
it me or is it him
so Kushner's doing some [ __ ]
there's no doubt about that and this is
the influence that Saudi Arabia has over
our government and this is the level of
corruption that we're dealing with the
Senate does their bidding even when
they're carrying out genocide Jared
Kushner likely told the crown prince
who's against him and then he locked him
up the crown prince locked him up and
now Donald Trump is just bragging about
the amount of weapons that were giving
them so they can continue to carry out
that genocide if you're not beyond
pissed off by this and outraged by this
you ain't paying attention
