hello [ __ ] yeah
holla at you boys I was just telling you
I upgraded my skype and knock on wood
everything went [ __ ] perfect like
they asked me for an administrative name
and password and I tried a couple times
like I got rejected but then after maybe
like the fourth try got it
it [ __ ] like updated it was like you
want to update this I was like sure
didn't ask me another password and now
this [ __ ] looks like a brand new pair of
Jordans you used to have to like ask to
be somebody's friend or something before
you could call them and now they got rid
of that yeah I saw a weird message it
was like from like core Anita or some
[ __ ] and it was like are you interested
in doing this and I was like how did you
even send me a message yeah used to be
you had to like reach out to the person
and get accepted and now they decided
like oh no just make it like you could
call whoever you want I'm always
skeptical of like how these accounts so
I mainly use Instagram and for some
reason if I'm like watching porn or
something like that I'll get all these
random accounts like friending me so I
mean like how is it just like a bot that
has like these like weird algorithms
that will somehow just friend me or
something because they can't be real
accounts of course it could be real
accounts people probably know you
through the through this podcast and
then they try to Mel but it's like it's
like weird accounts it's like some are
fake some are like a name with mad
numbers at the end of it like [ __ ] day I
could tell if someone's real from the
show trying to like maybe friend me on
Instagram or something so you're like a
hundred percent sure it's all fake one
thousand yeah for sure
well that happens sometimes on Twitter
that happens to where like when I
started getting a bunch of followers
sprinkled in with the bunch of real new
followers would always be some obviously
fake [ __ ] mm-hmm so I think maybe that
happens like if you get let's say you
get like three or four genuine new
followers in a day that then you might
get some BOTS or something too but what
is the there
only be bad things associated with that
right like there's no I have no idea to
be honest with you like what goes on I
know that there are like there were
scandals of like Mitt Romney and Newt
Gingrich and a bunch of these
politicians like buying followers on
Twitter like that was a scandal and like
I think there are companies that do that
but you could always track it because
what happened was and this is how they
figured it out and when they tracked
like Newt Gingrich's followers he got a
giant spike in followers they all came
from like the same place and like India
or some [ __ ] yeah so yeah you buy from a
company and that's what happens but in
terms of outside of that like I don't
know why there are BOTS and what they're
doing but they're they're out there I
could see the reasoning behind I know
there's a lot of them I like I know this
clothing company in New York that they
make hot clothing like it's dope mom but
when you go into a meeting with someone
now like social media is huge so like
you can be like we have you know 6,000
followers on Instagram and like our
photos are getting thousands of likes
when in reality I mean I know people
that on genuine photos um it'll have
like seven likes or something like that
but then you know a couple hours later
you'll see like 670 and I'm just like
huh and then you click on the thing
because you could see who likes photos
and it's all these weird accounts like
also they're buying it they're probably
buying buying likes and - my point is I
spoke to someone who was in a position
of like having a meeting with one of
these companies like the clothing
companies and she was an older lady but
she had no idea she was like oh their
photos get like 700 likes and you know
they have this amount of followers we
weren't in reality and you broke it down
yeah no one's looking at their [ __ ] and
she was like wow I didn't even realize
that like they have Fayette thing so
it's like I could see a startup company
doing that so people are like wow
they're pretty popular but yeah like one
company I don't get it well I have like
a hundred and a hundred and twenty some
odd thousand Twitter followers and
there's a certain number of like
guaranteed retweets and likes when you
have that many legit followers you know
what I mean so I've seen people that
have more followers than me but they
have much less activity
their account like they'll get two
retweets for a tweet and they have like
double the number of followers I have
and that's how you know that they bought
followers but then also there are people
who get legit like deals for just for
being popular online like all these
makeup girls on YouTube yeah they get
free makeup and then all day that you
know that there's a word for them that
all influencers or some [ __ ] what
they're called now it's like a new
profession yeah so it's weird because I
feel like every single like so there are
some Gulf youtubers who I I watched some
of their stuff and they ended up getting
like legit clothing deals and I think
maybe even a club deal with one of them
where like they're golfers if you're a
golfer on the PGA Tour like a golf
company like Callaway or Titleist or
Nike from back in the day even though
they stopped making clubs like a golf
tailor-made like they'll reach out to
these people they'll pay them a certain
amount of money and they have to play
their golf clubs play their golf ball
and then wear their clothes if it's a
clothing company to and like these golf
youtubers now they're getting deals too
so that tells me that the golf industry
is actually like a little bit they're
like kind of forward-looking in that
sense where they see all social media
stars can have a decent amount of
influence and then like I said with the
makeup girls same thing they'll get free
makeup and then but it also makes you
skeptical of their opinion out yeah
their opinion because that's your old
point it's just like all right like he's
given them gear and [ __ ] and clubs or
whatever mother should yeah if they do a
review they're biased gonna be biased in
favor logs like it will say [ __ ] you
we're not sending you any more [ __ ] all
right
that actually happened with one of them
one of them this guy had a Chloe with I
think it was Titleist The Golf Company
and then one of the other companies were
like we're not sending you our clubs to
review anymore because he used to get
free clubs from everybody to review he's
like we're not gonna send it to you
because you have a deal with Titleist so
you're gonna be biased against us right
up front so I think all that stuff is so
interesting and what's funny is like so
for what I do
I'm not above like if I like a certain
clothing company and I don't see any
ethical problems with that clothing
company like if I think like everything
they're doing is ethical and they're a
good company I wouldn't I wouldn't be
above wearing a shirt if a company
wanted me to wear it you know what I
mean so if you genuinely liked it though
but I have to genuinely like it and I
would have to be convinced that there's
no ethical problems with the company and
the funny thing is Dane would never it's
funny because even though I have a legit
like you know my my listeners are
awesome you guys are awesome like so I
think it would actually be a good thing
for a cart company to do but they're not
even interested they're they they're
interested they're just dumb as [ __ ]
like that celtic company that sent you
seltzer
that was juice it's one thing I got yes
so let me for let me tell the story for
everybody doesn't know because there are
people who probably have just come to
this show later on and they don't know
about hashtag big Seltzer but so what
happened was there was a segment I was
doing one day and in the middle of a
segment I legitimately like had
something either stuck in my throat or I
was coughing like something legit where
it was bad and so I said like hold on
and then I reached and picked up my
drink and drank it and then put it back
down and then I noticed oh I'm drinking
seltzer cuz that's pretty much all I
drink and then I held it up and I was
like this isn't a paid ad but and
whatever shelter was polar or vintage
whatever was I was like but he was
vintage right yeah vintage seltzer yeah
selling now and now I can remember the
[ __ ] that they sent you well yeah you're
right I really shouldn't know that but
anyway so I like smiled and held the
thing and put it down and a listener to
the show on Twitter took that clip sent
it to the the the Seltzer company on
Twitter and was like hey have you guys
seen this you should probably hook him
up with a deal and then that company
responded and was like you're right
we're gonna do that and I was like wait
what the [ __ ] going on here and then
it was dead legit reached out to me and
they were like hey we want to send you
like a thank-you package I was like what
the [ __ ] and so they sent me I honestly
I don't know if it was vintage or polar
I don't know which one it was I think it
was vintage
for I think it was Vincent you have a
shirt - yeah they sent a shirt and they
sent um like had the flavors that were
discontinued even so I mean the
discontinued shit's which is sort of
official they were like it was like
pineapple something and scenario right
they were they were super bangin to
taste something so d even though it
wasn't soda
but anyway so but that was the only
thing anybody's ever sent me and then
what's funny is that still stuck because
I did a segment after and I was like I
sold out guys hashtag big Seltzer
sellout and then that took over on its
own and now it calls me the Seltzer
sellout and there's something to it I
mean I'm [ __ ] drinking seltzer right
now [ __ ] yeah but but you genuinely like
sell to like I mean I drink it all the
time yeah regarde before that happened I
would drink it all it's all I drink I'm
not gonna knock um
cui tee but I'm gonna knock their [ __ ] a
little bit if that's allowed on this
channel
no bad you're not allowed to say
anything negative about them please god
but when we were out there it was like
you guys did a segment and in the middle
of the segment they realized that like a
mug for some [ __ ] law firm or some
weird bank wasn't on the set and I was
almost like what the [ __ ] like you know
like did that really happen I don't
remember yeah yeah they like they
brushed a mug on to the set midway
through or something like that and then
after the segment I think genk like
plugged it or something like that and I
sort of was like I just remember him
doing an ad I don't remember all it was
for mm-hmm it was like some Bank or
something like that but in the middle of
this segment he realized or one of the
producers realized that the mug wasn't
sitting in front of his notes or some
[ __ ] like that and it was just like
it was too much and you start to see
that like you know it's unnecessary if
you had a weird you know thing over your
shoulder or something it would just be
unnecessary like like people like you
just cuz it's raw it's like there's
nobody that is is like [ __ ]
contaminating your waters and it's just
like once you see that [ __ ] or you get a
like you know you get a plug after is
his show and you're just like no I
didn't need that you know well they do
that they have an ad team now and
they'll do like like they'll play a
little recorded ad that they do before
video whether it's like 15 seconds or
whatever and I think you know for me I
would have to love that product so much
that I honestly couldn't wait to share
it with everybody in order for me to do
something like that because I'm not a
fan of like putting it in every segment
I think that's like that's asking a lot
like you want a 50
excuse me a 15 second thing before a
video is like damn you're robbing 15
seconds from the people you know and
especially if you are putting your stamp
on it if you're the one who's promoting
it hardcore you have to fully believe in
that product now to be fair to TYT I
think I know the thing you're talking
about the the bank thing you're talking
about and actually the whole point of
that bank is like they divested from all
fossil fuels they dive out so like it's
supposed to be like a very left-wing
bank so that's not it to be fair to them
to give them credit but yeah I agree
with you that yeah that's not like to
interrupt in the middle of something to
do up an ad or to have product placement
yeah that feels weird but then again
like I said if I really like like a
clothing company and and they were
ethical or whatever and they wanted to
do to have some sort of deal I'm not
above that I would consider but then
again I mean I see all these sports
athletes and you hear other athletes
critiquing them on TV and they'll talk
about like hey well you can get it get
it
so like you'll see like a rod when he
was young was doing weird commercials or
magazine shoots like kissing a mirror
with his shirt off and dude just doing
weird [ __ ] so it's like if you could if
you can get that money like or you can
get that at at what point again it
depends what company I think that Matt
like if it's one of the if like [ __ ]
a big bank comes up to me and ask me to
do something like for like a rifle
company or some [ __ ] like you're the
reason the economy crashed it [ __ ]
like I've seen you know whatever Capital
One commercials and Jennifer Garner or
whoever is in it and it's like yo don't
like your that these are that's not a
good company they haven't done like
they're really [ __ ] up it's really
[ __ ] up to like push them you know
what I mean so there's varying degrees
of what is reasonable and what
not reasonable in terms of unbelievable
- like when shacks [ __ ] and trying to
fit his ass in a Buick or some [ __ ]
you're just like this [ __ ] just
trying to get money he is on every
single [ __ ] atom ya know Shaq I like
Shaq on a personal level but the thing
that annoys me about him is I remember
back he was doing literally like land
deals or some creepy [ __ ] some sketchy
[ __ ] with Chris Christie Governor Chris
Christie Shaq was yes he was in some
sort of real estate deal or something
and I was like yo yeah Shaq is like I
mean when somebody says sold out that
like his pictures in the dictionary
under sell out like he will promote
anything for any reason at all just
unscrupulous and how he does it you know
I miss [ __ ] in commercials with
the general like do you really [ __ ]
needs car insurance like he's probably
got personal drivers and all this [ __ ]
like and the general [ __ ] the general
man I want him to come after me if he's
a real dude out there because they're a
[ __ ] fake company because I needed
car insurance and I called the general I
was like they were like wolf [ __ ] give
car insurance to anybody and this was
when I was a team and I just gotten in a
car accident or something like that and
I was like no car insurance would give
me company State Farm whatever else is
out there
state farms the only one I could think
of or L um what's the orbits or some
[ __ ] I don't know the girl well long
story short I call progressive general
aggressive progressive I called the
general and all it does is tell you
every single car insurance company like
it's not an actual car so it's it's a
consolidation site where they give you
the prices of all the other ones yeah
but like on the commercial it makes like
their own [ __ ] yeah for the West has the
jingle go for the best low rate you
could go to the say sometime yeah
there's so many who's just singing
jingles the other day I'm so pissed off
Koren listening to like there are there
are commercials where the music I hear
the commercial so much and so I hear the
music from the commercial so much that I
want to [ __ ] break [ __ ] almost to the
point where I would consider if I was
president I would consider a ban on
jingles music in
commercials like did you know they
actually had a law that said you can't
for the commercial make it go louder
than what the show is yeah I heard that
yeah the FCC had some sort of rule like
you can't do that because what they do
is the companies were like what if they
woke up go to the bathroom I want to
hear it and so they made a make it's
like double the [ __ ] volume and
that's [ __ ] up and I don't think they
should do that and I feel like that
about [ __ ] songs now like there's
that there's that commercial for I
forget what car it is but they mix that
Havana song the yeah Havana they mix
that with oh don't I don't know what
it's like more commercial but I hear it
all the [ __ ] time and I'm like yo
stop with the first time I heard this
commercial I was like oh that's kind of
hot that they mix those two songs and
I've heard that [ __ ] commercial three
thousand times and I'm mute it every
time it comes on there's that there used
to be a I think pitbull was in some like
Verizon commercial wrapping to like and
there was some catchy number of this
other of the phone number to call or
something Selena won Barnes been at the
game for a minute there [ __ ] with the
Cellino and Barnes and I like Robeson
oil that jingle is [ __ ] classic which
one is that
Oh Oh son are you kidding me I'm gonna
play this [ __ ] right now hard body but
like I mean they've done their job that
they've like gotten their [ __ ] jingle
out there and I've heard some Cellino
and Barnes so many times but I know that
their injury attorneys and I would never
call them but God forbid I needed an
injury attorney I [ __ ] know Selena and
Barnes only people in the Northeast are
gonna know this commercial when I play
it okay this is okay I got to find the
right one there's so many [ __ ] weird
commercials out there you'll know this
when you hear
this jingles hot it gets better that's
like the Michael Jackson beat right I
don't know about that you got a friend
in Robeson all you that's it's a banger
though got a friend of all time I never
got tired of that jingle that's the one
I was like hot on that's a good one the
1-800 cars for kids the ones for kids
I want cars for kids the [ __ ] that
pisses me off the most and it happens
every [ __ ] morning when I'm home is
the lady
it's those like um she smoked cigarettes
and she's like I never lost anything
before except this and she [ __ ] moves
her thing and there's a big-ass hole in
her throat and I'm like eating my eggs
and I'm like oh yeah all those channel
every single time yeah it's [ __ ] up
cuz they work to like work how would
that not work that's like someone like a
mint don't [ __ ] have sex we're all
look at my dick and like his dick is
just all like like disgusting you'd be
like oh my god I'm never doing what you
did ever again like those commercials
are powerful man oh it's like I've been
