[Applause]
well it seems like you don't mean an
introduction these two do you you're
gonna get a short one anyway
Kyle kolinsky is a left-wing radio host
social democratic political commentator
and the co-founder of the political
organization Justice Democrats when it
can be shorter you get to the
conversation
please welcome Kyle kolinsky
and to his left is the weekday and
weeknight host on Russia I should say RT
America Scottie Nell Hughes say this
kind of put it on to the whole bio but
it doesn't make sense so let's get to it
who is witty is President Trump winning
how should we measure well we're going
to find out in just a second let's start
with the economy if we listen to the
president he says it's the best economy
in the history of this country we can
point to he will point to low
unemployment job grow the stock market
stock market up into maybe a week ago or
so it's the president winning on the
economy I will start with you Kyle first
okay so first of all I just want to say
thank you to Scottie no use for
accepting this
I think the setups a little funny
because I feel like we're making draft
picks or something like this is an NBA
yeah 2030 so she works for Artie and I
feel like Artie's a little unfairly
maligned in today's political climate
and there's some wonderful folks at
Artie the late great ed Schultz was
there Tom Hartman and so that's another
point I wanted to make real quick before
I hop into the substance is that I feel
like there's a lot of the treatment of
Artie has been unfair for many in the
establishment video and the fact that
you work for them I don't find that bad
disqualifying in any way shape or form
and I just wanted to say that as well so
um as far as the economy goes is Donald
Trump winning on the economy well you're
not gonna be surprised to learn that my
answer is no he's not winning on the
economy at all so I was one of very few
people on on the Left who actually gave
Trump a lot of credit when he was
campaigning because I actually think on
many issues he was more populist in his
rhetoric than Hillary Clinton he would
go to the Rust Belt and he would talk
about how NAFTA has been terrible for
working people he would rail against the
TPP and he was a rare Republican who
would say he wasn't going to cut Social
Security and Medicare and I thought that
that really helped him win the fact that
it was about 70,000 votes in the Rust
Belt that really led to his victory I
mean that was even though Hillary won by
a few million votes overall in the
country was really 70,000 votes in the
Rust Belt that made it so that Donald
Trump won and it doesn't help that
Hillary Clinton was like tepidly against
the trade deals after Bernie Sanders
kind of forced her to that position but
when it comes to Trump's record it
doesn't match the rhetoric on the
campaign trail so one fact I always
bring up is that there were 93 thousand
jobs that have been outsourced in his
first year as president that's actually
an increase under Obama there were 87
thousand jobs outsourced and so I don't
defend either one of their records on
that front I think yeah if you run as
the anti outsourcing president you
should implement anti outsourcing
policies and he simply hasn't done that
the
and rate being low it's actually a very
misleading thing when people bring that
up as if it's evidence that oh he's
doing well on the economy because that's
really not a very good economic
indicator wages is a much better
economic indicator and real wages are
falling they're not keeping up with
inflation even when Trump protected to
do good things like I'm going to save
the carrier jobs what ended up happening
was a few months later they shipped the
jobs overseas anyway and they moved
towards automation and on top of that
they got a giant corporate welfare check
so if anything that's worse on trade
policy so I think I'll leave it at that
for now but that's my thoughts on trade
trade in the economy it's good so let me
give my starting off first of all thank
you for being so kind and say the reason
why I accepted this is because your
opinions matter even if you don't I
don't agree with them your opinions
matter for far too long this country the
Republican Party didn't care about it
Nayla didn't care they stopped you in
the face with them and just completely
ignored you and I think the problem
we're at this state in the country today
is because we've stopped talking to each
other
we run separate ways we find ways to
demonize the other side and instead of
trying to figure out how we can work
together what works well for us we would
rather just throw lewd comments and be
vicious against the other side and guess
where that gets us absolutely nowhere
which is where we are today and I think
that's where
this is I supported Trump out of the
gate for one reason and one reason only
he wasn't Hillary Clinton and I could
not imagine this kind of tree underneath
her
I'm sorry whether you're playing there
the woman scared me and that was back in
2014 she was a woman that I think was
going to do extreme detriment because
just like so many elitist across both
sides of the aisle she could care less
about the little man she could care less
about the guy that's worked in three
different jobs the woman that is trying
to speak for kids by herself she didn't
care about it while she cared about was
her fat cats on Wall Street and just
like Kyle pointed out that's what Trump
campaigned against and Ed Schultz was
one of my delayed credentials was what
my mentors Tom Hartman taught me listen
we can disagree I mean both of those are
extremely amazing gentlemen and it's
such an honor to sit in ed Schultz
position every night and I have done
nothing to change his soul for his show
since it passed because he told me in
the reason why you picked me was because
I had no problem at the network that I
was on calling out that Network for
giving Hillary Clinton the debate
questions against Bernie Sanders I had
no problem calling out say that they had
stacked the cards against Bernie Sanders
that it was it I think the truth was
they underestimated how powerful the
Bernie Sanders supporters are and this
does have a lot to do with it kind of
because that's a big group of people at
the same group of people that helped
vote Trump in and it was on one issue a
big issues they just wanted to provide
for their family and they were tired of
seeing their jobs go across seas and go
across the border bad deals that both
Republicans and Democrat fat cats in
Washington had made and I had agreed
with Bernie on that so now we come here
today to
years later I don't say this at least we
did get NAFTA repealed replaced what's
all in it I'm optimistic we saw our
trade imbalance go through there five
hundred billion dollar trade about to go
through the roof for two reasons when we
let China the World Trade Organization
and two we put NAFTA in and that
outsourced our jobs
and we lost jobs and build America which
is where I'm from so you know I have to
say it's Trump winning on the economy
I'll give him more credit in this area
that other areas does you have a lot of
work to do
absolutely I still think that when it
comes to economy guess we're see you
know it I love that Wall Street's doing
well way to go for all the sex with
Avenue and Goldman Sachs people that
work at his administration congratz of
either making money but that doesn't
mean that you and I are feeling any
better on pockets the tax breaks were
good there would they helpfully to super
confidence and optimism that's always
good people always feel better when they
see boring their pipe more money their
paycheck but is it short-lived so he's
doing better on that than he's doing a
lot of others I think of all of the
issues were going to talk today that's
the highest ranking you should get the
rest of them who definitely gonna have a
lot to debate on or what Lodge talk so I
think that Trump governing Trump is very
different from campaigning Trump and
governing Trump I I often say that I
think Donald Trump really wants to be
Hillary Clinton because Hillary Clinton
gets the pat on the back from the
establishment and the elites and Wall
Street and I think that Donald Trump you
know he ran against those factions deep
down he wants to be like Hillary Clinton
so you referenced NAFTA their NAFTA 2.0
is very similar to the original NAFTA
there's maybe one or two decent
provisions in there like for our dairy
farmers but ultimately there's a giant
giveaway to Big Pharma in there so it he
ran against NAFTA and I predicted he
would do this like oh I'm gonna do some
tremendous trade deals they're gonna be
unbelievable
let me just tell you compression thank
you NAFTA 2.0 ended up being very
similar to the original NAFTA and with
Trump
I feel very similar to like I do with
Obama in that both of those presidents
had a uniquely anti-establishment
mandate where they were supposed to
really almost blow up the system and
start from scratch and really fight for
the people but especially under the
truck administration did not happen at
all so I would say he's been in more
than a litter losing beyond those and
let me just do one more fact to back
that up the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau has returned 11 or 12
billion dollars to defrauded Americans
giant financial institutions screwing
people over he picked a former predatory
payday lender to lead the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau so that
tells you everything you need to know
about Donald Trump well and one more
thing it doesn't matter if you think
that the economy is doing right I think
this is something it matters about each
individual person if you don't have a
job if you can't find a job if you can't
cover your electric bill if you can't
get to work because you've had to sell
your car to pay for your doctor's bills
the economy's not doing good for you and
we should live in a country where every
individual matters not just this grand
house or the grand elitist which is
where we've come to focus on you to a
bit very nice and respectful to each
other see a five victories I think
you're gonna be surprised no I think
there's a stark contrast as far as the
perception of this president will be
successful on these issues so let me
piss on your Cheerios real quick let's
go to immigration sure it's the
president succeeding and I guess we need
to define what success is is he winning
on the issue of immigration you can
define that however you want
get out of the way know the one fact
that I'll bring up about immigration
that really really concerns me is that
there's been a giant increase in
deportations of non criminal
undocumented immigrants and I think that
really exposes that you're not
humanitarian you don't care about people
you don't you don't respect the fact
that many people will come to this
country or citizens seriously just
trying to create a better life and you
see oftentimes on the far right this
demagoguery of immigrants and I think
that's totally vacuous and vapid and
they're actually doing the work of the
elites because the oldest trick in the
book
is where elites get working-class white
people to hate poor brown and black
people and they say they're the reason
that you know you're struggling and the
reality is no the rich people are
running out the back door with all the
money and rigging the system against
both of you immigration I think both
parts of me who here actually thinks the
Republicans or the Democrats want to
solve immigration neither party wants us
all because it works really well for
them I mean look at this we had this
caravan of mostly people who are fleeing
for their lives they're scared they're
coming up they're trying to seek asylum
and yet Democrats are saying hey
definitely you know there it's gonna
it's gonna get that base we're three
weeks out from the midterm this is great
because guess what this is gonna make
people say that you know the idea that
families could be separated at the
border that speaks well that gets people
to the polls to vote for me the
Republicans go absolutely please come on
let's have this be headlines because
then for sure the Republicans interpret
I don't want them in my country cuz
there are all just horrible people so
you know if Congress when to solve
immigration it's not hard it takes
common sense there's no reason why the
good countries in central South America
America and Canada could not all work
together so you know we have
prompt these refugees fleeing for their
lives how about we actually send them
proper proper air and proper groups to
the countries that can hold on to them
you know that Costa Rica can you take 50
Canada can you take 200 let's actually
get a solution to this problem and here
in America the fact that you have to pay
hundreds of thousands of dollars
sometimes just to become an American
citizen and it takes 10 years that's
ridiculous that's not what this country
was founded on sure we want to know who
you are that are here and that you
actually want to add to America but we
also want to celebrate diversity and the
reason why I hope we have a lot of these
people being jumping these boards it's
not because they don't want to be here
just because they can't get in here and
so let's make it simplified for those
that really want to be here provide
better for their families let's simplify
if we can simplify our taxes every April
and we can simplify the application to
become an American citizen let me ask
you this to be a father
if all that you say is true and I will
accept it as true
has the president improved or worsened
the situation visa vie immigration I
think the president unfortunately has
not had a shocky not the right verbage I
think across the board he's not enhanced
the conversation that we need to be
having about diversity in this con in
this country do you think he's a white
nationalist deep down they say this I
have a real hard time hate it's horrible
across the board and I haven't real hard
time pointing out somebody that I don't
calling anybody any names that are that
hateful can I say that some of his
policies definitely could have fringes
of it absolutely those are wrong but I
don't you know I wouldn't call someone
but I don't know 24/7 to how what their
actions are that way that see that that
doesn't help the conversation of it and
here here's the other side of it whether
you know his actions are positive or not
it doesn't help the rest of us that's
the prom' we have date we're too busy
pointing out you know what you're
someone that's racist okay how does that
solve the problem that's when we all go
to our separate corners we don't talk to
each other we bloomy
I mean I think every single one of us
here at some point I've been labeled
something that's not nice and it's not
correct I know I have so when we sit
there and put those labels on all that
does make us retreat to our little
places and we never have that
conversation I understand what you're
saying and I largely agree with it but
all I'll say is there is a time in place
for name-calling when it's factually
accurate and oftentimes you see people
kind of I feel like the far right
oftentimes even though they accused the
left of being snowflakes
there ain't no Twinkie on their order on
our side
yeah and I'm not just talking about the
color of the skin mostly that exact
reason is why cowardly Coulter as we now
call there was never a hesitation when
they called me on when they called me an
ass yes I know that and you've been very
and it was because I want to listen I'll
be the persons with my I'm not a truck
administration I'll admit when I'm wrong
and I will apologize when I'm wrong I
don't fit the real trump mold I guess
listen to you and that your opinions
really do matter because guess what it's
telling Kyle the reason why you have
your opinions is because something in
your life shaped it and that was
something very important and that does
not does not need to be ignored anymore
before we drift you for our field still
the question remains as the president
won advance his agenda as it relates to
immigration or immigration reform or has
moved us in the direction where the
country will largely reject what he
wants to do with immigration /
immigration reform the president all he
has to almost you got to give him this
whether you agree with it or not he was
almost completed everything almost
everything he completed on at least to
his satisfaction except for one thing
which is building a wall you build one
chip of that wall and I don't know if
he's running for reelection in 2020
because then you say look I've built a
wall so in his opinion in is he advanced
his agenda sure does that mean that
that's all those pieces of the gin is
best thing for America it's for you guys
to decide oh yeah I mean it's like the
wall issue I just I find it so stupid
because it's not that's not going to
solve any problem the ideally we have to
keep the criminals out of here that's
what we have to do well if you want to
lower the amount of violent crime in the
drug war and the drug war
what happen is because we saw this with
prohibition when alcohol was illegal
there was a giant spike in violent crime
because you have the Mafia underground
selling the product and they get power
and they get money and then right now
it's the same with the drug cartels so
if you legalize tax and regulate
marijuana and decriminalize all drugs
you'll see a giant decrease in the
amount of violent program ok comment on
this this is the one thing I respect
your your choice I get that my husband
is a comma he was diagnosed 228 glaucoma
would help my friend my mother has lung
cancer he would actually you know it
would help relieve a lot of their pain
where my issue comes with what you do in
your own home or your home bedroom that
isn't your call I don't care you know if
it's okay I hate opioid that it is your
choice I am very libertarian get the
government out of as much as I can what
I have a problem with the things and in
marijuana has to fall in this category
but any drugs that might alter my
judgment or your judgment that's gonna
be in a car next to my children when I'm
driving I still want to make sure
alcohol the same way too sir we do we
need to encourage responsible ownership
of everything from a gun to a joint to a
dollar would you ban alcohol of them one
thing we need to encourage responsible
ownership okay but the same with
marijuana right so allow people to make
their own decisions but encourage them
to be responsible I think it's a Tenth
Amendment right I think it's every state
should make the defendant for themselves
and if I live in a state the decides
they want to legalize marijuana and I
