CNN host Michael Smerconish talked about
Trump's mental health and he did it from
a perspective that's pretty unique and
surprising so I want to hear him out and
then we'll discuss one of the most
talked about aspects of Michael Wolfson
new book on President Trump has been
it's calling into question Trump's
fitness for office not just in terms of
his knowledge temperament and experience
but also his mental fitness and the last
one trends into territory that troubles
me let me explain in 1964 a magazine
called fact polled mental health
professionals on US Senator and
presidential candidate Barry Goldwater's
fitness to serve as commander in chief
the magazine published a cover story
claiming that many found him unfit after
the election Goldwater sued the editor
for libel and won this engendered a
debate in the mental health community as
to the propriety of rendering opinions
about an individual they'd never met
much less examined even if that person
is a public figure eventually this led
to the American Psychiatric Association
in 1973 adopting what's been known ever
since as the Goldwater rule which says
in part it is unethical for a
psychiatrist to offer a professional
opinion unless he or she conducted an
examination and has been granted proper
authorization for such a statement the
rule has been in place and was largely
respected for more than 40 years until
the candidacy and election of Donald
Trump his behavior led many to express
frustration at what they feel is a gag
rule claiming that they've seen enough
of Trump from his public utterances and
his tweets to decide a group of 27
mental health professionals went so far
as to collaborate on a book expressing
their concerns called the dangerous case
of Donald Trump and this week came news
that in early December the books editor
Yale University psychiatry professor dr.
ban DX Lee met on Capitol Hill with more
than a dozen members of Congress
concerned about Trump's recent behavior
now several quotes and episodes in
Michael Wolf's book have thrown fuel on
the fire of this debate including Steve
Bannon saying that Trump has quote
lost it on Friday when asked about
Trump's fitness for office on The Today
Show wolf said this let me put put a
marker in the in the sand here 100
percent of the people around him they
all say he is like a child and what they
mean by that is he has a need for
immediate gratification it's all about
him that some have questioned the
president's fitness is not new in fact
one election day poll found that 63% of
all voters thought that he lacked
temperament to serve effectively as
president that included 19 percent of
those who voted for him and those
numbers have not improved in the last
year but I don't think we should
encourage this sort of speculation first
its inexact and it's subjective second
it's unfair and unseemly just as I said
it was when some speculated about what
ailed Hillary Clinton when she took a
stumble on September 11 of 2016 I don't
distinguish between mental and physical
in respecting privacy but more
importantly I'm uncomfortable with the
idea of getting rid of the Goldwater
rule which was imposed for a purpose it
wasn't fair to Senator Goldwater that he
was the subject of armchair diagnosis
we'd set a dangerous precedent in
allowing our public servants to be
diagnosed by laypeople or professionals
who've never met them professionally we
might discourage some from seeking
public service and had this always been
the thinking we'd also have denied
ourselves many fine public servants if
we precluded those with mental illness
linked in a Churchill among them and why
stop with elected officials why not
speculate about the policeman or about a
cable anchor or a school principal or
even a psychiatrist not only is that
unfair to the person being spoken about
but it's unfair to those who are dealing
with mental health issues to have their
very real diagnosis become political
fodder if you want to impose a standard
that any person seeking the highest
office first be rendered mentally and
physically fit in a man
that applies to all okay but to
arbitrarily scrutinize one particular
candidate or officeholder at least in my
opinion is wrong now what if a certain
amount of instability is not a deficit
in a leader but an asset that was the
theme of a book that I read in 2015
which includes these statements when our
world is in tumult mentally ill leaders
function best and in the storm of crises
complete sanity can steer us astray
while some insanity brings us to port so
I think he's both colossal II wrong and
colossal II right at the same time so
let me explain exactly what I mean here
towards the end he's making the argument
hey what if mental illness in a leader
is a good thing and he's referencing a
book that made that argument that I
think argued Winston Churchill was a had
some mental illness and Abe Lincoln what
had I think severe depression and the
guy makes the connection between hey
mental illness and good leadership and
particularly when things are bad you
want somebody who's has some mental
illness issues because they're not
they're able to think outside of the box
you know that's I think in one of the
angles to the argument that they make
but I think overall that she's not
you're that's not nuanced enough of a
point so if you want to say hey mental
illness could be a benefit in a leader
but that's narrowly applied to mania for
example if somebody has mania issues
where they're you know really they move
really fast and they work at a really
fast pace and they think fast and they
kinda are ceaseless in in how hard they
work and stuff I'm totally open to that
idea in fact I could see that that does
make sense somebody that has some mania
issues some mild mania sure that that
person can be perhaps even a better
leader than somebody who doesn't have
that
even depression I can see the link there
you know I have a grandmother or had a
grandmother she's passed away now but
she was she had severe depression
throughout her life she also happened to
be one of the smartest people I'd ever
known in my life and you know I I don't
know if it's been proven or if it's just
speculation but there's been a lot of
discussion about how there might be a
connection between people who are
depressed and intelligence there's like
a link between all you're really
depressed but you're kind of morbid and
nihilistic and you're you're really
bright you're really intelligent so I
could see that too I'm open to the idea
that somebody with mania or somebody
with depression can be a superb leader
I'm open to the idea that somebody who's
really obsessive
you know really narrow-minded and
obsessive that that person can actually
be a good leader so I'm open to all of
that here's what I'm not open to and
here's where the where his point fails
and where it's not nearly nuanced enough
he's not drawing a distinction between
the different kinds of mental illnesses
you know talking about mental illness as
one blanket is like talking about drugs
as one blanket like all marijuana and
 crystal meth same thing like
what no no or marijuana and crocodile
which makes your skin rot off
almost immediately when you start doing
it it's the poor man's heroin Crocodylus
or bath salts yeah some guy ate some
guy's face off because of bath salts by
the way I don't know if that's actually
true I think that was the original
reporting and then it might have been
later they said no that didn't happen
but whatever like bath salts and weed
it's not the same thing man it's just
not let's stop don't it's not nuanced
enough to just say drugs by the same
token it's not nuanced enough to say
mental illness because somebody with
depression who could be a superb leader
that's not the same as somebody with
paranoid schizophrenia if somebody has
paranoid schizophrenia and they have
delusions and hallucinations where
they're seeing that is not there
and they can't and they don't have a
connection to objective reality
in a strong sense I'm not open to the
idea that that could be a benefit in a
leader I'm not I think that's a
ridiculous notion so you know you could
say that's unfair to people with
paranoid schizophrenia but I don't know
if the person has paranoid schizophrenia
but they're medicated and they never
don't take their medication and as a
result of being medicated then that
issue is taken care of and they can lead
when they're under the influence of
medication and they can connect with
reality that's fine but not when they're
unmedicated and they're paranoid
schizophrenic and they can't they have
hallucinations and delusions that's not
the same as somebody who's manic or
somebody who's depressive and they could
be a good leader it's not the same thing
so by the same token with Trump the
specific kind of mental illness that
people are speculating about is dementia
I wouldn't put that one in the category
of ones where you could be a great
leader again if you want to say mania or
depression or you know some obsessive
disorder and that person could be a
great leader again I can see that
totally not saying everybody who has
those things would be a great leader but
some people who have those things could
be great leaders sure but dementia is
one where look I've seen it the other
grandma I like how I'm mentioning both
my grandma's in this segment totally
random but my other grandmother when she
got to her older age she had old age
dementia and there's not there's nothing
about that that's Oh give this person
more power in control there's nothing
about that that that's that should be
your conclusion I mean that's like a
really terrible idea we're talking about
somebody who gets up at one o'clock in
the morning and thinks it's six o'clock
in the morning or seven o'clock in the
morning and they start cooking breakfast
and one o'clock in the morning and the
alarm goes off and they don't know what
the to do or they wake up in the
middle of the night and they're
screaming they start wandering random
places just walk out look it's a
difficult thing to deal with when people
have dementia now I'm not saying Trump
definitely has it or
doesn't have it to that level but
assuming that some of the reports are
true about how like when Melania was
standing right next to Mater rallies
like sorry Melania couldn't be with us
or the countless anecdotal examples of
people saying he'll tell a story and
then two minutes later with all the
exact same story and act like he didn't
just tell it two minutes ago if some of
those things are true dementia is not
one of the kinds of mental illnesses
that should be affecting a leader
certain ones sure that could be a great
leader and have them but other ones know
and dementia is one of those where I go
no where there's too much of a
disconnection from objective reality
where it's dangerous and you're not of
sound mind to make proper decisions so I
don't think he's being nuanced enough
and I honestly think overall his
argument is a little bit of like
honestly politically correct of
like oh how dare you maybe try to you
know try to say some people can't do the
job because of mental illness that's
exactly what I'm saying and that's right
some people can't do the job because of
certain kinds of mental illness other
kinds of mental illness might be totally
fine but certain kinds know it's really
dangerous and the point you're making is
a really bad point that has consequences
because here's ultimately what he's
trying to do he's trying to nip the
entire conversation in the bud and say
no the entire conversation about whether
or not Trump is mentally fit to be in
office it's an illegitimate conversation
so we're gonna nip it in the bud we're
gonna kneecap it this conversation
should not continue because you're being
like discriminatory or something against
people with mental illnesses and
therefore you can't have this
conversation well no come on man you
can't say that this is an illegitimate
conversation if the president actually
ends up having dementia that's a
dangerous situation for somebody with
dementia to be the most powerful person
on the planet okay so that's most of my
take I do have some other thoughts
though like for example the people who
talk about Trump's mental fitness
endlessly they annoy me just as much as
smear Khanna shy noise me hear
Smerconish is saying this is a total
non-issue you're not even allowed to
talk about it I think that's wrong
but it's also wrong when so many
corporate Democrats and corporate
Democrat apologists oh like all they
want to talk about is his Russia and his
mental fitness that's it
and they're doing that for a reason
they're doing that because they don't
know dick about policy and they're not
actually following the news to get the
actual information to argue against
Trump in a cogent and sufficient and
sound way so what they do is they go I
don't know low-hanging fruit what's the
low-hanging fruit
I hear he's Putin's puppet yeah Putin's
puppet Putin's puppet I hear he's a like
a legitimately crazy person and he you
know has dementia so uh he's unfit for
office he's unfit for office he's unfit
for office so I do kind of agree with
Samir Khan ich in that it's like the
people who only talk about that are just
they're dead weight in the
conversation they don't know anything
they don't care about policy so they're
just adding their voice to a chorus of
silliness we're like just because of how
I don't like him and how he is unhinged
that's why we should get rid of them so
they got nothing to say about tax policy
they have nothing to say about war they
got nothing to say about doing Wall
Street's bidding and nothing about any
of that Chinese unfit something so
that's like the lazy man's argument and
the ignorant person's argument when
they're anti Trump so that annoys me as
well
and I guess the final point I'll make on
this is Smerconish might be right on a
broader point though and that is the
that there's no if you go down this road
it's not gonna be an objective standard
so let's say Trump is ousted I don't
think this is likely to happen but let's
say Trump is ousted they use the 25th
amendment they say he's got he's
mentally unfit yada yada and he has
dementia whatever the case is you I
think are incredibly naive if you don't
realize that this will be used against
every president in a partisan way so
they'll say oh I don't agree look at
Obama oh my goodness look at the
terrible decisions that Obama made in
regards to backing Syrian rebels who
were jihadists which he did by the way
that's meh he's mentally unfit if you're
deciding to back people who are the same
kinds of people
who want to attacked us on 9/11 and I
mean what oh it's gonna be used people
are gonna take little Colonels little
nuggets like remember when Obama said
one there was 58 States or 54 States or
some somebody would say uh mentally
unfit eat it you don't know how many
 states there are obviously you
have some sort of deep-seated issue here
in your brain and we got to get rid of
you we don't have a choice we have to
get rid of you so if you're calling to
use it against Trump understand the very
it's gonna happen immediately with
somebody who you like who you don't want
them to use it against guaranteed
guaranteed and that's a point that's
worth making that all the hacks who want
to only talk about him being mentally
unfit today you know as soon as it's
used against their somebody they like
they will clutch their pearls and they
go oh how dare you this entire
conversation is now illegitimate to
speculate about whether or not a
president is unfit that's what's gonna
happen all the people who say it's
totally fair game now second it's use
against somebody they like ah totally
unfair never discuss that ever so there
that's pretty hacky and yeah I get his
point too about with other fields like
okay you want to open this door in
regards to the president what happens
when they start saying okay what about
this police officer what about this
firefighter what about this teacher what
about hey you maybe are mentally unfit
we've determined and it can be used as a
red herring to oust people in other
words the establishment might dislike
somebody because they're tough on the
establishment and then the establishment
uses the argument ah no it's not because
we don't like them that we're asking
them it's cuz they're mentally unfit so
it's it does open the door to genuine
discrimination but you know again my
notion here is I don't think it's an
illegitimate conversation to talk about
trumping unfit for office mentally unfit
for office I think people who only talk
about that or hacks and they're wrong to
only talk about that but in my mind it
just needs to be a very nuanced
conversation because certain kinds of
mental illness I don't see being a
problem and could even be a benefit but
Conn's yes are a problem and I think
that conversation is one worth having
but we should be aware of all the
pitfalls in the process
