Rand Paul went on CNN's State of the
Union on Sunday and he was asked about
Trump's new pick for Secretary of State
and his new pick for CIA head and ran
decided to resist Trump harder than the
Democrats are resisting Trump so let's
watch and then we'll discuss new
nominations by the president for
Secretary of State and CIA director
you've said you're willing to do
everything you can to block the
nominations of Mike Pompeo for State and
Gina Haskell for CIA what are your
objections to the two and and what does
it mean when you say you're going to do
everything you can do to block the well
you know the president one of the things
I liked about President Trump and still
do like is that he continues to say the
Iraq war was a mistake
but when you say it's a mistake
basically what you're saying is that
regime change in the Middle East leads
often to unintended consequences well he
keeps appointing people around him who
loved the Iraq war so much that they're
ready for a war with Iran next and so I
don't think you really want people who
are eager for war to be running the
State Department you want a diplomat I
frankly think that Pompey owes positions
are too much of an advocate for regime
change really everywhere North Korea
Iran Russia you name it and I think
really we need to see the world as it is
doesn't mean we need to support what
happens everywhere in the world but I
don't think our policy ought to be for
regime change and so I think Pompeo
really isn't a good fit to be a diplomat
or to be the chief diplomat with regard
to Haspel I think that you know what
America stands for is not torture you
know tortures the hallmark of
totalitarianism we should be that hope
for the rest of the world that people
who you know who want to resist
totalitarianism that you know they want
to be free from torture they don't want
to be free to torture and so I really
think that she's it's inappropriate to
put someone to the head of the CIA they
have so much power power to assassinate
power to spy power to collect all the
data on everyone in the world I don't
think the person running that agency
should be someone who ran a secret
prison in Thailand and will you
filibuster these nominations on the
Senate floor I'll do whatever it takes
and that includes filibuster I will try
to make a point to the American people
and
maybe the American people will rise up
and say you know we stand in solidarity
with those who seek freedom from torture
not the freedom to torture it's just
inconsistent with who we are as a people
to have someone run our spy agency that
has all these enormous power who was
intimately involved with torture and
from everything we're reading was
supportive of the policy and so no I
can't support that and I will do
everything I can including filibuster
you know filibuster doesn't stop anyone
the only way I would stop anyone is if
we convinced you know enough senators
and it would take actually a majority I
think in this case to actually stop
their appointment but you know when you
read through the tortured abort report
that senator Feinstein put forward I
would hope that she will stand up and
say enough Sanath we're not going to
appoint people who made fun of the
process and really one of the worrisome
things about Gina Hass bellas she was
also involved with destroying the tapes
there were actually videotapes of trying
to drown these people and torture them
and these videotapes were destroyed
years later the first she was involved
with the waterboarding and then years
later she was involved with destroying
the tapes there's no way in the world
that she should be running our spy
agencies with all of their power and
here's the pushback you're gonna get
congresswoman Liz Cheney of Wyoming the
daughter of former Vice President Dick
Cheney tweeted about you this week
saying quote Gina Haskell has spent her
career defending the American people in
homeland Rand Paul is defending and
sympathizing with terrorists unquote
your response you know juvett juvenile
but I think the the Cheney's both father
and daughter could spend a lifetime
trying to justify the thousands of
soldiers thousands of Iraqis who died in
the Iraq war which was an unnecessary
war made the Middle East less stable
emboldened Iran and really have been
wrong about every foreign policy
decision of the last four years so I
think when they're done explaining why
people had to die in Iraq why had people
had to be maimed in Iraq and why it
really made the situation worse the
changes can then stand up and try to
make some points about other foreign
policy but until they've proved that
they know anything about you know the
world I think probably that I'd just be
quiet
damn damn
I enjoyed every part of that so Rand
Paul is libertarian ish if you talk to
actual libertarians they'll be like no
he's not a libertarian but he's a
libertarian leaning and sometimes that
leads him to be more forward-thinking on
certain issues than almost all the
Democrats so that really is a testament
to the sad state of our politics when on
certain foreign policy issues and on
certain social issues we look to a
Republican senator from Kentucky to show
us the way forward and not the Democrats
and I would love with every fiber of my
being if the Democrats all decided to
get on the same page and use that same
rhetoric that Rand Paul just used
against Gina Haspel and against Mike
Pompeo and against the Cheney's if the
Democrats all got on the same page and
made all these arguments against them
then I think pretty much overnight you
would see the the opinion of the
American people towards these disastrous
nominees tank it would plummet everybody
would say why on earth no we're not
gonna nominate somebody who partook in
torture she she oversaw torture and then
she destroyed the tape she destroyed the
evidence after the fact we shouldn't be
talking about nominating her for CIA
head we should be talk about we should
talk about nominating her for cellblock
C I mean this is a war criminal without
a doubt and then when you look at Mike
Pompeo
I mean he said it Mike Pompeo is a guy
who's never met a war he didn't like
he's been begging for a confrontation
with Iran he's been begging for
confrontation with North Korea he's
super hawkish with Russia so and then
john bolton also i don't think they
brought up john bolton in that
back-and-forth there but john bolton has
now been moved in for a top national
security position he's Trump's national
security adviser
so this administration overnight went
from really hawkish to insanely hawkish
maybe the most hawkish administration
that we've ever had I mean you have
nothing but neocon Warhawk American
Exceptionalist fundamentalists that are
littered in this administration now and
you know Rand Paul says if I have to all
filibuster it oh that's great and then
also by the way john mccain that john
mccain is you know being treated for
cancer right now my guess would be he's
barely hanging on to life by a thread
but he said no under no circumstance
will ask porcini hospital and the issue
of torture is a super rare issue where
john mccain actually makes sense and you
want to know why he was tortured he was
tortured in vietnam so it since this
issue affected him directly this is a
rare issue where he's like no i'm
left-wing on this issue so you know
that's good i just wished the democrats
the democrats drive me nuts
chuck schumer came out with a statement
saying well we don't know if we're gonna
oppose them but if Mike Pompeo gets
appointed I hope he becomes he gets
tougher on Russia and Putin Oh God
so in other words we're not gonna really
block it I'm not gonna you know try to
rally the Democrats to all be on one
side of this and and defeat this
appointment but if and when he gets
appointed man he better be even more
hawkish you couldn't craft a dumber
argument than that I mean that just
shows in no uncertain terms the
Democrats have no backbone and they
they're not actually on the Left when it
comes to foreign policy issues and we've
known this for a while Syria when Donald
Trump bombed Syria as he's done multiple
times and of course I'm talking about
the Syrian government the response from
the Democrats actually was to support it
so corporate media came on themselves
and everybody's oh this is great Brian
Williams was like the beauty of our
missiles taking off it's
amazing fareed zakaria was like now he's
presidential and then the Democrats were
like yeah we support this what so we're
we're bombing 8 different countries
right now Donald Trump increased drone
strikes by 432 percent he just did an
executive order saying we're gonna
torture so we got all this stuff all
fertile ground for Democrats to say this
is immoral this is unethical this is
unamerican this is unconstitutional this
is barbaric this is savage and this does
not represent us we're gonna fight back
against this but instead what are the
Democrats do they agree they agree so
this is why we call it the meek
resistance the mik resistance votes to
give Donald Trump more NSA spying as
they say he's Putin's puppet well that's
a weird thing to do if you think he's a
agent of a hostile foreign power to let
him spy on everybody more without a
warrant in an unconstitutional way the
[ __ ] are you doing the mick resistance
is in favor of deregulating wall street
and now the mick resistance sits idly by
as war hawk neocon torturers get
appointed all throughout trump's
administration and we have to rely on
rand paul to to do the job that the
democrats are supposed to be doing
listen man I can't I really can't
describe strongly enough how terrible
this hawkish administration's because
they really do believe in American
exceptionalism and our Empire in in a
way that's fundamentalist in nature and
one time I remember Dick Cheney and Liz
Cheney wrote a an op-ed I think it was
in the New York Times about their
ideology and about American leadership
and as I was reading and it became clear
no this really does neoconservatism and
American exceptionalism really does
manifest as a fundamentalist religion
because it doesn't matter how much
evidence how much proof you show to
these people that are hawkish nough
surround the world has led to
destabilizing the world
killed massive numbers of civilians and
has just been a harmful force a poll
show people around the world say the US
is the biggest threat to world peace
they don't say Russia they don't say
Iran they don't say North Korea they say
the u.s. is the number one country
that's the biggest threat to threat to
world peace so it doesn't matter how
much evidence you show them their answer
is always the same
no no we need more US militarism around
the world and and whenever we torture
whenever we regularly Massacre innocent
civilians by the thousands doesn't count
doesn't count because we we mean well so
that that [ __ ] giant wet blanket
throw it over anything that we do it's
like what intentions we mean well so now
we can move on and we can keep doing the
same [ __ ] no no and thankfully Rand Paul
is standing up and arguing back against
it and you know how morally bankrupt
that crowd is the neocon crowd is
because look at the argument list Cheney
mate this is all they have left they can
never ever ever win on the substance
they just can't they just can't because
we've killed so many civilians created
so many more terrorists destabilized the
world so when you talk about the actual
issues that get obliterated so what did
she say about Rand Paul to try to fight
back Rand Paul is sympathizing with the
terrorists thank you for admitting how
morally bankrupt you are and how
honestly idiotic you are they're just
gonna smear you as being with the
terrorists you know this is going all
the way back to 2002 now when people are
like hey maybe we shouldn't do the Iraq
war oh I guess you're with the
terrorists what I mean what an
intellectually embarrassing pathetic
response that is but that's all Liz
Cheney has left
that's all Liz Cheney and Dick Cheney
and Paul Wolfowitz and Bill Kristol
who's been wrong about everything he's
ever said ever that's all they have left
because all Rand Paul has to do is point
out our record point out the facts show
how terrible our intervention has been
and their response is
Rand Paul likes terrorists that's what
he likes he likes terrorists so thank
you Rand Paul for resisting the way the
Democrats should be resisting and by the
way Democrats this is why they get
obliterated in countless elections then
they wonder why won't you vote for us
well because you're not doing your
[ __ ] job your job is supposed to be
to be the anti-war party your job is
supposed to be to argue for these
positions I mean we spend 100 billion
dollars a year maintaining nine hundred
military bases around the world why are
you not running on cutting those
military bases in half
taking that fifty billion dollars and
using that to go towards free college
here by the way it only cost sixty
billion dollars to do free college why
are you not doing that why are you not
arguing to save the money the 7 trillion
we spent in Iraq and rebuild our
infrastructure we get a grade of D plus
why are you not arguing to make it an A+
so you don't have any arguments as to
what you're for cuz you're not actually
for anything and then you wonder why did
we lose we you lost because you didn't
[ __ ] stand for anything and your party
is littered with corporatist neoliberal
war hawks
so it actually resists the shitty
policies as opposed to what are they
doing they're either resisting without
resisting and just making noises with
their mouths or they're resisting from
the right and they're saying Trump
should be more hawkish or they're just
yelping about stormy Daniels all day so
even if there is a giant anti Trump
backlash in this upcoming election
really it's just it's just rolling the
dice because you don't have a coherent
cogent argument to make to the American
people so it's just an anti-trump vote
and I've had conversations with people
where they're not even you know big-time
Democrats and they're like yeah I'm just
gonna vote down the line Democrat to do
a backlash against Trump but then guess
what so let's say we have this anti
Trump backlash and you got Democrats
let's say you get a Democratic
supermajority what good is that if they
end up doing right-wing policies anyway
and that's what happened the last time
when da when Barack Obama had a
democratic supermajority we didn't get
Medicare for all we didn't get free
college we didn't get a living wage we
didn't end the wars you know we got a
right-wing healthcare plan with an
individual
mandate Obamacare which was which was
originally Mitt Romney's health care
plan and was a health care plan that was
cooked up by the Heritage Foundation
which is a right-wing think tank so you
want people to vote for you [ __ ]
stand for something be populist left be
a social democratic party be a party
that's against imperialism but no we
have to again the libertarians man the
biggest you know hit or miss crowd out
there on economic issues you're like wow
you're the most ignorant [ __ ]
in the world aren't you but sometimes on
social issues you're like oh [ __ ] yeah
legalize drugs that's right or with
intervention you're like oh wow Rand
Paul is gonna stand up and fight back
more than the Democrats are and really
what should be the cases Democrat
Republican independent everybody
libertarian doesn't matter everybody
should be united against these people
because in the case of Jena Haspel she's
a lot criminal she she ran she was the
head of a torture outlet literally
literally ran a black site and then
destroyed the evidence
she should be in prison in prison but
when you have like Obama didn't
prosecute these people well now you just
made it hey there's two sides of this
issue and it's a matter of opinion are
you for or torture you against torture
well doesn't matter who knows who cares
it's a debatable issue it's like
abortion you're for abortion you're
against abortion it's debatable right oh
let's have that conversation it's like
the tax rate what should the tax rate be
should be thirty five percent should be
twenty five percent because Barack Obama
did not prosecute the war criminals in
the Bush administration now they all are
still accepted in polite society they're
all in the Washington elite bubble and
this is just like they don't bat an
eyelash or over this yeah Gina Haspel
and then they had the nerve to go out
there and say a woman a woman to be the
CIA had historic and this is Donald
Trump doing that this is Republicans
doing that and that's some Mick
resistance corporate Democrats doing
that a woman how are we gonna how are we
gonna vote her down she's a woman if you
value diversity over
war crimes i value diversity so much
that i don't care if you're a war
criminal as long as you are not a
straight white male it's okay well then
you're pathetic because you this is Mick
resistance this is Mick liberalism this
is Mick feminism and you basically have
become a caricature of the left and it's
sad but Rand Paul's leading the way on
this and I hope the Democrats hop on
board and there should be consequences
if they don't I'm sick and tired of
these Democrats on the most important
issues they back Donald Trump and then
they have the nerve to get mad at you if
you don't go vote for them no they have
to earn your vote and one way they could
earn your vote is if they stand up and
fight back against these neocon war hawk
American imperialist tortures
