so I was on Fox News again yesterday I
was honestly very surprised that they
invited me back on and given that the
first time I was on I was screaming for
the war in Afghanistan to be ended among
other things these are not opinions that
you know they're very open to on Fox
News but nonetheless they let me in the
lion's den and I unleashed the first
time somehow got invited back on I have
this conspiracy theory that the
producers are secretly leftists at Fox
News and in fact there are some evidence
for that conspiracy theory because you
know every time they've done a graphic
on Alexandria Ocasio Cortez like they
did on Hannity show they put up for
policy platform and all the things look
wonderful because they are and then
Hannity reads it and goes oh isn't this
scary Medicare for all free college
supporting LGBTQ people and it's just
all things that are like duh those are
good ideas so I think the producers
might be secret leftists and that's why
they're inviting me on but either way I
digress I had more fun this time than I
did the last time because this time I
think there were more fireworks now
having said that there are also more
points of clarification that I have to
give um after this most recent interview
so if you haven't seen it you know you
could check it out in the other clip or
here I'm gonna show you the whole clip
again now it's about five or six minutes
so let's watch and then we'll come back
and I'll give you my breakdown
look if the Democrats get in they're
gonna raise your taxes you could have
crime all over the place you're gonna
have people pouring across the border so
why would that be a blue wave I think it
could be a red wave I tell you what
there's the prediction president Trump
last night in Ohio campaigning a special
election for the House of
Representatives that takes place on
Tuesday ahead of the midterms the
president says he will be on the trail
almost every day here to discuss talk
radio panel Chris Stigall on the Left
Kyle kolinsky on the right you will soon
learn that that is not where their
political positions are but that is
where they are on the television screen
all right Chris to you the president
seems to feel as though he's got a
winning strategy here in saying that
Democrats are too far to the left to be
part of the mainstream for traditional
crossover voters winning strategy I
don't think he has to say it I think we
just have to listen to them I mean this
chaos that you've been reporting on this
weekend that went on in Portland with
the ice facility there with candidates
in New York calling ice agents Nazis and
calling for the shutdown of ice the
Sarah Jang woman who's now an editorial
board member of the New York Times
calling out you know whites and white
men particularly and making some really
despicable comments I mean they're
they're truly unhinged in a way we've
never seen I don't think Trump has to do
much heavy lifting frankly let them do
all the talking Kyle should moderate
Democrats worry about this far left push
no I think that the far left is actually
the way for Democrats to win believe
they're not so when you look at the
polls and you look at all the
substantive policy issues the American
people overwhelmingly support Medicare
for all for example they overwhelmingly
support free College they overwhelmingly
want to end the wars so when you go
issue for issue the American people are
actually with the far left and in fact
President Trump when he ran in 2016
stole some of those issues he ran
against the wars he ran against the
trade deal and anything Kylie might you
a point he also said he wasn't going to
touch any of the entitlement Social
Security right or Medicare you make a
good point in terms of where the
Democratic Party is headed there's a lot
of Democratic socialists beginning in
New York that have started to knock
folks off longtime Democrats
Tuesday's primary in Missouri Cory Bush
Democratic Socialist taking on lacy clay
longtime Democratic congressman if there
comes a question though in terms of how
palatable across the board these folks
are not just in primaries interview with
cory bush from about two weeks ago and
then we'll get your guys reaction
roll it the wealthy should pay their
fair share yes what is a fair share what
percentage so you're saying that forty
you're you're saying that they're paying
their fair share is what you're saying
no I'm asking what percentage is a fair
share their fair the same if I'm paying
if a third if my money is going to taxes
then I think a third of their money
should be going it does well it does I'm
trying to understand because you realize
the effective tax rate on the poor is
less than it is on the rich right okay
so first of all I'm not the poor I'm
very close to their line but I'm not the
police the effective tax rate the
effective tax rate on the middle class
okay is less than it is on the rich
correct what fair share would you like
to change the tax rate to on the
wealthiest what percentage of Americans
so it's a fair share so let's say the
wealthy one percent could pay let's say
if they pay less is given 45% child is
that the future of the Democratic Party
I hope it's the future of the Democratic
okay Jeff Jeff Bezos has over 100
billion dollars at the same time now we
have 60,000 homeless veterans in this
country and 400,000 homeless Americans
and the American people again to go to
the polls overwhelmingly want to raise
taxes on the rich overwhelmingly want to
raise taxes on Wall Street corporations
I'm talking about 58% of Americans isn't
so if your strategies to defend the rich
by all means go right ahead Chris
I'm guessing you just really hope that
Cory bushes the future of the Democratic
Party
oh these mathematicians are brilliant
this is this Alicia acaso Cortez before
her there these are wonderful
spokespeople as I said in the open let
them keep talking by the way it's not
like we're talking math and economics
with the most of the time although when
they do that's pretty golden we're still
talking about radical French stuff
abolishing ice abolishing law
enforcement you know polishing lawns
listen why are you making things up
that's made up you just made that up
who says abolish it yes you just made
about horsemen nobody you did is i
excuse me
is ice not law enforcement Customs and
Border Protection already protects the
border ice was created in 2003 and by
the way their allegation one second in
Kyle you made it you made a point about
polling ending ice or abolishing ice
does not play well in polls in the
Heartland that is not a popular thing in
Michigan in Ohio and in Missouri that's
correct but that's because we need to
make the argument and for example like I
just referenced before I was being
talked over there are allegations of
literal slavery happening at private
prisons run by acts you're laughing it
was in The Washington Post it's been
proven for guns it was proven court of
law there's merit I'm trying to figure
I'm still trying to figure out how we
got from there to here
we will dissect that in the postmortem
meantime fellas we got to run it was
great having you both on here Wow break
it up I'm correct great conversation
Rick all right Chris Kyle thank you
appreciate it fellas yeah so like I said
I I I had more fun this time around the
last time around there were fireworks
but I actually enjoyed the fireworks it
makes you feel like alive and focused
and and sharp and ready to respond so
let's break this down
the elephant in the room is obviously
the cory bush clip so when they played
that clip let me let me be clear up
front yeah it's obvious that she fumbled
that question like it's not the point is
so
obvious that I didn't even feel the need
to give a nod to that point because the
clip fix speaks for itself
and honestly I think if you talk to Cory
Bush in a moment of sheer honesty she'll
tell you yeah I fumbled that question I
didn't answer that question well now
there perhaps may have been a little bit
of misleading Fox News editing in there
there was a cut at a peculiar point I
don't know if you guys caught that but
if you go back and check it out you can
see it and I don't want to throw cory
bush under the bus overall because I
think the point to stress was the point
that I did stress there which is her
overarching point is undeniably true see
if I had if I if they came back from
that clip and asked me about it and my
immediate reaction was yeah you're right
she fumbled that question now what I
would be saying is stylistically she
fumbled it but the main point is
substantively she's actually correct but
if they come back from that clip and I
say yeah she fumbled that question
that's it everybody in in the Fox News
audience shuts their brain off and goes
aha see so Cory Bush is a bad candidate
her message is obviously wrong in other
words there's a lot that that goes
hand-in-hand with making that point up
front and it's actually a brilliant
propaganda trick a clever propaganda
trick the way that they presented that
because it's not like they steal man
their opponent's argument it's not like
they play a clip of Noam Chomsky
dissecting why a progressive tax system
is obviously superior and better for the
people compared to a you know a flat tax
or any other kind of tax system so they
don't lead with a strong argument from
the other side they lead with something
that's obviously comical and something
that's supposed to portray the entire
left-wing position as goofy and silly
and stupid so I was at it as I'm
watching that Cory Bush clip I'm at a
crossroads in my mind I go okay there's
a myth there's many ways I can respond
to this what's the best way to respond
to this and the first thing that came
across my line was of course to just
admit up front like yeah she didn't
she answered that question poorly that's
a given but I didn't want to say that
because by the end of the clip she
actually gave a reasonable answer they
were like hey what's the what should the
the tax rate be on the top one percent
she goes I don't know forty five percent
if that whole if the clip was shown and
it was just that and it wasn't all the
pauses and the awkward thinking in
between again that would be a perfectly
reasonable answer I mean the top tax
rate on the rich is thirty five percent
right now it was thirty nine percent
under Obama it was forty percent under
Bill Clinton forty five percent
honestly just goes back to what it was
through most of the golden age of
economic expansion in the u.s. under
Eisenhower the top tax rate was ninety
one percent now that was just the
nominal rate that wasn't the effective
rate the effective rate was actually
about forty five percent that was the
actual amount and again we're talking
marginal rates here not overall rates
that's another important point but I was
at a crossroads I had to think okay
what's the best way to respond to this
and again her fumbling that question was
so [ __ ] obvious I didn't even feel
the need to be like hoho you guys got
her cuz that's so like it's like does
she didn't answer that question well me
being a policy guy being a substance guy
what did I do
I decided you know what I'm gonna do
here I'm gonna go over the top on them
and I'm gonna go over the top on them
for a very simple reason the overarching
point is correct they're trying to
portray it they're trying to to make
this subtle argument the subtext of this
argument is oh obviously all the people
who want to raise taxes on the rich
they're just these hordes of irrational
and lazy lefties who don't know what
they're doing don't know how to manage
an economy don't know their ass from
their elbow and they're all dumb that's
the point they're trying to make so the
best way to counteract that is a little
bit of a shock to the system well oh is
this the future of the Democratic Party
Kyle yeah I hope it's the future I hope
it's the future and then I tried to give
an example that really is gonna burst
through so that even though everybody's
shocked when I say that at first that if
they just hang on with me for the next
ten seconds of my point that they're
gonna go oh actually
a very reasonable thing that Kyle just
said so admittedly I went over the top
and I said yeah I hope that that's the
future and the very next point was Jeff
Bezos has over a hundred billion dollars
at the same time we have 60,000 homeless
veterans and 400,000 homeless Americans
so yeah you know what we need a little
bit of redistribution [ __ ] and I think
that's actually a very common-sense
position and a very straightforward
position so that was my my line of
thinking there if I had come out and
stated the obvious number one it's
obvious already that she fumbled in that
clip but number two that's it after I
say that they already win because of how
they framed the argument how they
presented it how they strut it they
didn't steal man their opponent's
argument they took the worst example
their opponent's argument and put that
forth so if I were to say yeah she
answered that question poorly what
people are gonna hear even though it's
not what I'm saying what they're gonna
hear is the idea of raising taxes on the
rich is stupid that's what they're gonna
hear and I was not gonna give them that
so I tried to basically go over the top
of them swap that aside and say listen
yes she's right on the overall point
raise taxes on the rich oh and another
thing that was bouncing around in my
head as I'm watching the cory bush clip
is leland the host who was questioning
her in that clip he's not even correct
but this was a point that unfortunately
was too complex for me to make on air
because there's no way i would have been
able to get all of it out before i got
cut off but I can make the point here
which is the benefit of having my own
platform he said oh the rich are already
paying more than the poor and the
reality is sometimes yes sometimes no
not at all so for example many rich
people pay the capital gains tax they're
not paying the income tax and this is
what happened I always use this example
because it's a perfect example this is
why Mitt Romney was so hesitant to
release his tax returns because this
[ __ ] was making fifteen million
dollars a year sitting on his Mormon ass
while his money makes money in the
market and and he was paying a fifteen
percent tax rate because that was the
capital gains rate so Mitt Romney's
paying fifteen percent on fifteen
million dollars may
and then you have a construction worker
who makes maybe 80 grand and they're
paying like 25% so working people
effectively end up paying more than rich
people in many instances so when he
frames it as well you do know that the
rich pay more than the middle class
right that's actually very misleading
because what he's saying is the the tax
rate cuz we have a progressive tax
system in the US the nominal rate on
paper the income tax rate is already
more for the rich than it is for the
middle class or for the poor what he
doesn't tell you is a lot of the rich
are only paying the capital gains tax
they're not paying the income tax so
they are paying less in taxes as a
percentage so that's incredibly
misleading also they have armies of
attorneys to try to find ways to get
loopholes where even if they're paying
the income tax they find so many ways to
deduct so much money that they end up
paying less their percentage their tax
rate is less this is why Warren Buffett
years ago issued a challenge and he said
any CEO that pays a higher tax rate
higher percentage tax rate than their
secretaries I'll give you it was either
a million dollars or a hundred thousand
I think was a million dollars of my own
money and none of the CEOs were able to
collect because none of them did all of
them paid a lower percentage than their
secretaries and their secretaries were
making like 80 grand and they were
making millions so that's misleading now
again listen this is know I'm not making
excuses for Cory Bush because the
reality is she did answer that question
poorly she did fumble around but I do
think that she's right on the overall
point it's just she didn't back it up
properly and she didn't have the answers
ready to go now me on the other hand I
wanted to give all of this context and
say all of this stuff about how
misleading that is but you can't like
you can't squeeze that in in the Fox
News clip the segment six minutes long
I'm supposed to talk at best for two
minutes and 30 seconds you can only get
so much out so what did I do I decided
okay let me burst everybody's bubble and
go over the top here and say yeah Jeff
Bezos has over a hundred billion dollars
we have 60,000 homeless vets 400,000
homeless Americans we could use a little
redistribution I should have also
mentioned that half of workers in
America make $30,000 a year or less and
you're concerned about playing the old
pitty the oppressed rich game which is
stupid and
but see that's the thing the way they
presented it was actually it was clever
and it was brilliant and it was genius
now of course it's massively misleading
but what made it so clever and so genius
is that they're gonna play the worst
example of somebody arguing for hey
maybe we should raise taxes on the rich
and then they want me to respond and
they put me in a position where no
matter what I say if I agree with what's
being said there I end up looking silly
because then the reaction from the Fox
News viewers gonna be look at this dumb
liberal he won't even admit that she
didn't look good answering that question
when the reality is no that's not what
I'm saying I figured that was so [ __ ]
obvious I didn't even need to bring it
up number one and number two since she's
right on the overarching point I'm gonna
buttress that overarching point okay so
that's the first thing then let's go to
the the portion that I think people are
most are giving me most credit for which
is when he tries to slightly get away
with and I'm talking about the radio
host now not the not the TV host Leland
but he tries to get away with saying all
these Democrats are crazy by the way I
like his fake announcer voice it's so
silly these Democrats are you know
they're all you need to do is let them
speak okay let us speak world [ __ ]
beat you that's what you really want he
goes all they want to abolish ice
abolish law enforcement now I called him
out I said you just made that up nobody
said that you said that nobody said that
nobody argued abolish law enforcement
and then what does he do classic moving
in the goal posts he's like oh yeah
what's ice hey [ __ ] you said they
want to abolish ice comma abolish law
enforcement so you already said abolish
ice now I didn't object to the abolish
ice part because that's true what I did
object to is the abolish law enforcement
part because that implies it's beyond
just ice and it's not beyond just ice so
they try it's like it's these little
things that they'll get away with when
they're in their own bubble because the
