TYT reporter eric Beiler spoke to some
people at a trump rally they turned out
to be alex jones fans as well so they
had it interesting back and forth let's
watch and then we'll discuss life's
blood for this state is cold the more
liberal politicians tend to want to shut
down the coal plants and that you know
that's gonna bankrupt the state what
else is at stake for you as you look at
President Trump battling to keep control
of Congress
facing the investigations and all of
that freedom of speech number one
absolutely one of my one of my favorite
newscasters has just recently been
banned from you know YouTube and
Facebook platforms why do you think Alex
Jones was banned a lot of people don't
like his message I enjoy his message I'm
not one of those people that believes
everything he says however he puts an
interesting spin on turning the frogs
gay for example it really makes you uh
it really makes you look at the white
papers I don't know a single thing that
he says except for the Newtown massacre
not having happened but what is the
frogs being gay chemicals in the water
basically you've got male frogs you know
no longer inclined to breed with females
so it's like or talk I mean there's son
this stuff is done in labs there are
scientific facts there's things that
people do that aren't covered or that
they just mock at or laugh at but it
saying that there's something in the
water that turns frogs gate chemicals
that are put in certain places and when
they do these labs or they do these
studies and they find out hey this is
what's causing this and then it's just
thrown under the table like it's nothing
or that you know well we don't even
agree or we don't listen to you because
you support Trump that's what's
aggravating for our side is that when
you have general facts or you're like
well here we just want to understand
this or explain to us why this happens
and then they shut you down and scream
at you and call you names and call you
racist and call you everything else and
before this election I was never called
any of those things protesters actually
right out here we shouted some facts and
they did they didn't have much else to
say the ranked white supremacist and all
this they just scream at you when you
try to talk to them they don't want
anything to do with you so nice to have
some intellectual debate but there was
none of that
so we smile we wave when we go I mean I
asked them do you think it makes it any
more likely that they're going to
reconsider their support of Donald Trump
if you call them affections well if you
want to debate like an adult or have an
adult conversation that's one thing but
if you want to scream at me when you
don't know me and tell me all these
things that you think about me what
makes that any better
facts are inherently not racist not
misogynistic facts just are so if facts
hurts your feelings you know you can do
something to try to try to maybe change
those facts but just you know calling
people names and shouting people down
because you don't agree with the facts
that's that's not intellectual it's not
a form of debate either make someone see
your point
either that just makes them not like the
other side even more okay let me just
make sure I understand the frog thing in
a laboratory they turn frogs gay right
not in the streams and rivers you don't
have to take the frogs gay so literally
but it was there was just a bit that he
did on the show and it was like water
where these frogs had had chemicals put
in there and they chose not to mate with
the female frogs they didn't need to
make a stop they stopped obeying their
biology did they mate with each other
the male frogs meet with each other now
that I'm not sure of like I said it was
he said it's making the frogs gay it
drew my attention to the study so it's
just one of those things it's like a
headliner and it's like a headline
that's how it's how he gets your
attention and then you can actually look
into the issue but like I said I don't
necessarily believe that frogs were
turning gay maybe they were just not
interested in the emails going on that
was changing their their their biology
to do this to do this to do this and it
completely flipped when the chemicals
got introduced and instead of anyone
looking into that it was just shot down
immediately because Alex Jones said it
or because it was on Infowars and I
think a lot of things there he
overreacts don't get me wrong because he
likes it a lot more than I do I think he
is sarcastic yeah it's an entertainment
thing mostly but effects are facts on
something certain things and if you can
debate those with me then that's great
but if you're just gonna scream because
it's not what you want to hear that
doesn't get anyone's message across that
doesn't do anything you know there's a
lot to say about that um I think that
there are some people as I mentioned
before who are TFG too far gone but I
don't I think that that percentage let's
say we go way over the top with it it's
25% or 30% of the country at most that
you can put in that category where you
can relatively safely say I don't think
I'm ever gonna change their mind no
matter how much I try to let them know
hey I'm for you I want you to thrive I
want you to be happy I wanted to have
the right policies in place that are
conducive to a quality life for you and
those people you know whatever you can
say some of them are uber fundamentalist
religious folks some of them are like
genuine open white supremacist and
things of that nature but I do think
that you know at the very least half
probably more than half of Trump
supporters are people that can be
reached if the if you do if you actually
care and you do an effective job to try
to sway them to your side and when you
look at these people it almost strikes
me as they
actually do want to be engaged and I
think it is fair to say that mainstream
media when it comes to somebody like
Alex Jones they put the cart before the
horse and so they start they do the
mocking first and then in the case of
CNN specifically they have like one
reporter whose whole purpose is trying
to get Infowars banned for more and more
platforms so when you put the mockery
first and then also one of your main
points is I'm just going my whole point
is gonna try to try to censor you and D
platform you I don't think people
realize that that comes across as very
weaselly like that comes across as like
oh you're almost like the schoolyard
bully now don't get me wrong um the
biggest opponent of Alex Jones that
there is and if you type in Alex Jones
secular talk to YouTube you're gonna get
a thousand videos with me basically
mocking Alex Jones but there's a
difference and I think it's a very key
difference what I try to do is play a
specific clip of Jones breakdown exactly
why what he's saying makes no sense so
there's the explanation first and then
the mockery and I think that if you go
about it that way people like Hootie
whitey is talking to here I think that
they're reasonable enough to go yeah you
know what on this particular one I'm not
sure I agree with Alex Jones what he
said is wrong for the reasons that were
just laid out so I think that that's
important I really do and I don't think
that that's something that's done nearly
enough I've always said not to toot my
own horn but just to show how I don't
think platform D platforming and Center
ship is effective I think that I've D
converted more Alex Jones fans than CNN
or any mainstream media outlet has in
their crusade to get info war censored
from all these different platforms
because I'm engaging with what they're
saying even when it happens to be super
ridiculous
I will debunk it and then I will go on
to mock them so I'm not above mocking
but I do think that engaging is more
important to deconstruct it to debunk it
to dissect it to explain why it's wrong
and then you could go and have your fun
macht and things of that nature now the
other thing is listen they bring up the
facts over feelings thing and of course
they got that from Ben Shapiro now dude
the whole point that people like me are
making is that not that we're saying Oh
facts you know your feelings are more
important than the facts no that's not
what we're saying
our counter-argument to Ben Shapiro is
oh you say facts / feelings but you
actually don't put facts / feelings so
that's our counterpoint I mean they make
it seem like the counterpoint is people
are saying no Ben Shapiro and other
right-wingers we want to put feelings
over the facts no what we're saying is
it actually is the case that he does not
put facts / feelings and indeed he does
put feelings over facts I mean the best
example of that is he said something on
Twitter the other day like Oh God exists
I'm gonna paraphrase here I'm not gonna
get it exactly right but something akin
to God exists outside of this dimension
outside of space and time and he's
always there on omnipotent yada yada and
I responded to and said what happened to
fax over feelings because you can't he
tries to have it both ways on that one
religion now that's about belief and
that's you know a it's I it logic God
something has to exist no it doesn't
that's not true that's not true and
that's just one example I mean we can go
into you know a belief in trickle-down
economics and how that just objectively
does not work and actually leads to it
hurts the middle class and it hurts the
poor and it the whole point is to you
know basically turn the economy over to
the rich let them do whatever the [ __ ]
they want let them get richer at the
expense of everybody else so you know we
can go issue for issue he was writing
articles about how the Iraq war is great
and it's a wonderful idea and what what
about that is fact so her feeling she's
all about facts over feelings there
that's an offensive war against a
country that didn't attack us that's a
fact
that's me putting facts over feelings or
the war in Iraq was an illegal war
according to the UN according the
international law it was an offensive
war against a country that didn't attack
us he's writing article
saying the Iraq war is great but he's
putting facts over but he's not putting
facts over her feelings he wrote
articles talking about the gay agenda
but the [ __ ] you mean the gay agenda and
again these are people who I don't think
these are bad people because they go on
later on and when they the issue of
homosexuality gets brought up in the
context of people they're kind of like I
live and let live it's whatever
yeah but then to do that you're looking
at and you're idolizing you know like
ben shapiro with the facts or her
feelings thing he's he's deeply opposed
to gay marriage he you know again wrote
these articles about oh the nefarious
gay agenda is taking over and it's like
so listen i think that ultimately
there's a lot of blame to go around here
because I do think that like people like
these counter protesters at this Trump
event where they're they're screaming no
Trump no KKK no fascist USA and they're
like just shouting down the people going
into the Trump rally don't get me wrong
I think there is a place in time for
protest and but I think the whole idea
of protest is you go after the people in
the government or you go after people
the people on Wall Street who rigged the
economy or the military industrial
complex so you go to them and you talk
about specific things
hey we're protesting for a $15 minimum
wage we're protesting for Medicare for
all we're protesting to end the wars
we're protesting to close Guantanamo Bay
or whatever it may be those I think are
protests that are totally legitimate and
I'll lead those protests but what well
if you're just lining up outside of a
trump rally and you're just screaming at
the people who are going to the Trump
rally not only is does that not make
sense you're actively hurting the causes
you claim to care about because what's
gonna happen is exactly what happens
with these people where they'll get out
there and they'll give these interviews
and they're like hey listen man I'm
waiting to engage with people I'm
waiting to have a conversation with
people let's have a conversation but
they don't want to have a conversation I
want to shout at me and call me racist
when I'm walking into this rally so I
actually think there's a important point
there of there is a place in time for
protest but I think if you're gonna go
protest the same people who you're gonna
turn around in the next election and say
oh by the way can you maybe vote for the
candidate that I support they're not
gonna support your candidate if you
[ __ ] screaming at them calling them a
racist outside of a rally so you know in
my mind you have to engage and there are
many instances where you can actually
get the vote of somebody for your
preferred candidate if you're willing to
be honest and have an open discussion
and and tell the truth and not
immediately judge them as a bad person
per se that's not me saying there aren't
bad people at Trump rallies I just told
you there are some too far-gone people
who might actually [ __ ] legit be in
the KKK or what-have-you
totally Zuri that happens but most of
them are not that and you could probably
reach many of them but step one is you
don't just scream in their faces they're
walking into the rally you try to engage
with them so I don't know maybe um I
think some people might watch this
segment call me naive I don't know maybe
but I think that the fact that there's
what was it tens of thousands of people
who voted for Obama twice and then voted
for Trump and all you needed was tent up
whatever 70,000 people maybe more to
vote for Hillary in the last election to
win because the Rust Belt was really
where she lost it and it was just
because she lost the Rust Belt she lost
the election so I think that if you
focus on the people that are get Abul I
think you can win and you could win
pretty easily so maybe I'm naive and
maybe whoever dissents on this video is
right but that's my sense of it and I
think that when I see an interview like
that I don't walk away from that saying
that these people are in that too
far-gone camp I don't I walk away from
it and I think like if only you know
they saw effective debunking of the
people who they watch like alex jones
and ben shapiro if only they had
stumbled across a secular talk video
where i break that down if only they had
somebody who's on the Left who was
willing to kind of walk them through
certain things I think they could very
easily have been on the left and not on
the right and maybe there's still hope
for them now so that's my take on it and
I'm curious what everybody else thinks
