hello everybody welcome to the jungle
whoo welcome to the jungle wait I was
just [ __ ] um thinking like I don't
know how I'll be able to tell if I had
an irregular heartbeat
mm-hm yeah thank you know people like
like a doctor will be like or someone
was diagnosed with an irregular
heartbeat yeah I wouldn't know how to
tell ya cuz you get the palpitations
like I do I get those too well you just
sayin you sit there and be like yeah
yeah I get that too but then half the
time I think oh that's definitely my
heart I'm gonna die in like three
minutes and then the other half the time
I think I like stop and think about I'm
like no maybe that's like my chest
muscle that's like above my heart that's
like fighting off yeah like twitching
basically so could be that it could be
that there's one time I went to the
emergency room cuz I thought I was
having a heart attack did you know I
don't know I feel like it's a story I
should have already told on the podcast
but I guess I didn't yeah I was young
when I was probably how old was I I
guess I was in middle school but it may
have been like ninth grade or something
and I was sitting at home I was eating I
was only one home I think was in the
summer and everybody was out doing
something and I was eating a ham
sandwich in my living room and I felt
like I was having a heart attack I felt
like a sharp pain like right where
heart--it you would feel a heart attack
and I sat there for like three minutes
four minutes I'm like no I can't be I'm
[ __ ] I'm like young this is stupid
there's no way this is a heart attack
don't be stupid Kyle and then i sat
there waited waited waited and then
after like five minutes I was like
that's it I'm having a heart attack I
gotta go because I felt like I was
having a heart attack it was bad like
the pain was horrendous and so the pain
was in your heart cuz I've heard from
people that through our text they feel
that Shin they're armed I think it was
my my like I don't know if it was like
my right
armed in my right chest I've got read
that it was like you feel it on the
opposite side if I don't know if it was
before I had read that you would feel on
the opposite side maybe it was my left
PEC and my left arm but it was like a
sharp pain and I was like oh [ __ ] like
like if you had asked me to just imagine
in my head what a heart attack feels
like I would have imagined exactly what
I felt on that day and so I called my
mom she was at work she didn't were you
in like prime time eating like [ __ ] mode
like what did you first think like I
mean like [ __ ] or had a good diet like
yeah and start dieting good even half
the time until I was like 21 or some
[ __ ] but but I didn't think about that I
just thought like maybe I'm just having
a heart attack like I didn't think about
why or any of that [ __ ] though just like
I'm I think I'm gonna have a heart
attack so I call my mom she didn't
answer she was at work she didn't see
the phone ring or whatever I called her
like two times my sister wasn't around I
don't remember where she was call my dad
my dad didn't answer I'm sitting there
like I'm gonna die and it's gonna be
their fault and there wasn't have missed
calls on their phone yeah but so then I
decided oh I know what I'll do I called
my friend's mom who wasn't working
mm-hmm and so she would be like home I
would always be over my friends house
and she answered and I told her what was
going on she's like why and so she
rushed over picked me up took me to the
emergency room when I got to the
emergency room they give you like a form
they're like fill it out and tell us how
bad your pain is or some [ __ ] it was
like scale of 1 to 10 I put nine like
I'm having a heart attack I wrote on
this [ __ ] thing so anyway they bring
me in I don't remember if they gave me
an IV or not of like [ __ ] morphine or
some [ __ ] I don't remember but they did
do the EKG heart thing or whatever like
they put me on some meter and just
recorded the results and then after like
I don't know maybe I was there for maybe
two or three hours um yeah after maybe
two
for three hours ice I had started
feeling better and then they released me
and I think what it was and people are
gonna laugh but this is apparently this
is not uncommon like maybe it's it's
probably uncommon that people actually
take the step of going the hospital for
it but I think it was like either like
really bad heartburn or just like gas
that was there it was like you know
affecting me where I felt like a heart
attack and apparently what happens with
a lot of young people they'll go to the
hospital there with at least some young
people to go to the hospital thinking
they're having a heart attack
and it turns out being that that's
exactly what happened to me but then
with a lot of old people they will be
having a heart attack and they'll think
it's just heartburn or gas and they
don't go and then they die that's no
good yes it's better to just go if
you're feeling that [ __ ] yeah so I was
yeah that was a weird day man there have
been some points where I'm in like
[ __ ] really bad pain but I don't
think to the threshold everywhere I'm
like I got a I got a like go to the
hospital or dial now and one or some
[ __ ] like there's been times the middle
of the night it's only been like stomach
pains yeah it's not no it's because I've
eaten some [ __ ] like if I was just
eating healthy and all of a sudden I
like in the middle of the night I was
like my stomach was killing I big
something's off
yeah if I know I [ __ ] myself up with
some crazy-ass meal yeah I'm like now
you can't call nobody [ __ ] this
is all on you yeah and stomachs like the
one thing where I think everybody just
deals with it it doesn't matter who you
are everybody's like it's just stomach
[ __ ] it'll pass but like it is bad when
you're going through it you got a wrong
it is [ __ ] your brains out or you're
throwing up or whatever
not even that like like shootings one
thing but then there's a point where
I'll be laying on my bathroom floor in
like a sweat yep like just a cold sweat
yeah where I'm like I don't even care
right now if I just [ __ ] all over my
floor I'm still been there I've been in
that position where you're like I don't
I literally don't care yeah yeah I've
been I've been there I'm like I want to
cut open my stomach and just [ __ ]
take out whatever is [ __ ] me up right
now yeah this I mean medicine is so big
like there are places that don't have
any pain pills and like you know if you
go to like rural third-world countries
and you go to rural areas and
third-world countries and like people
will have like [ __ ] stage 4 cancer
and no way to take the edge off and just
be sitting there like reeling in pain
for hours and hours and hours in every
waking moment it's just horrendous and
I'm like you know I'm feel like I have a
very low threshold for pain
yeah I'm one of those people where like
I become a whiny [ __ ] real quick like
if something's bothering me a little bit
physically like I really quick I feel
like I'd rather die than feel this
[ __ ] pain which admit always it's
amazing to me that there are some people
who aren't like that like there are
people with high threshold for pain I'm
like how do you have that because I know
how quickly it takes me to just like and
by the way I try to think but like if
you break your leg or some [ __ ] you I
mean I'd be in pain but I try to think
that I'd be like cuz I've rolled my
ankle bad before and I tried it like I'm
like now I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm
good I'll walk this off I've broken
bones before and it's the worst thing
ever but do you turn it it's not like
you turn it to like you don't turn it to
a little punk you're just like cry I cry
I mean granted when I broke when I when
I broke bones I was young I was like a
kid but yeah I cried I cried and I cried
and I cried and then I said that
stitches a bunch of times and I cried
for that yeah it's almost impressive
like when cuz I watched Gordon Hayward
[ __ ]
I watched Paul George when he broke is
like they're [ __ ] tough because they
didn't cry they almost like I guess but
that type of injury you almost I think
they almost say those those bad of
injuries you don't you almost don't even
feel it yeah well there's I think
there's a line where if it gets so bad
that it's almost like your brain shuts
off of all the feeling that goes to that
part of your body until you look at it
and yeah and I don't know I think they
have to set that right like they have to
literally while he's still awake go okay
now we're gonna click your [ __ ] back in
place can you imagine that [ __ ] pain
oh my god what I'm under cuz that [ __ ]
would be bad oh yeah I was at the
hospital one time I was there with my
wife she was like she had like some pain
some [ __ ] and his old-ass lady came in
and they like said the same [ __ ] to her
that I think they asked you like ma'am
like what happened she was like I fell
and they're like like how much painting
when she was like a lot of pain I was
like you could probably help that lady
before you help looks like there's some
old-ass lady they just asked her basic
questions like like how much pain you I
was like she's old as [ __ ] and she's in
the hospital like probably just help her
I in a lot of pain yeah you know it's
funny how they had the system like that
like I would imagine I would hope that
if somebody comes into the hospital and
they're like I was a young kid and I
felt like I was having a heart attack so
it's understandable that I they would
hand me the form and say how bad your
pain and I listed a nine then obviously
they take everybody who's a 10 out of 10
before me like I get that but I would
hope that if somebody comes in in their
68 and they they're an old dude and they
look like they got a red face like
they're about to have a heart attack and
they're like oh did that person they
just take right away yeah yeah there's
some [ __ ] like that like when I'm at the
grocery store I've got a good amount of
[ __ ] and someone comes with like two
things I'll be a you got it maybe that's
the right movement that's that's the
right thing to do for sure
there's some things I'm not in a rush or
even like I've been on some [ __ ] lately
where if like the right exit lane is
backed up like a [ __ ]
I'll just skirt in the middle lane for
dumb long and then like skirt over and
cut mad people oh you do that quick
little bump over yeah I would sometimes
if I'm in the right lane I'll I'll be
like yeah you got it man like I know
you're trying to be a dick but I do this
all the time so cut in front of me well
see it's funny because I I I'm I'm the
opposite but I'm consistent with it so
like I've get tight when anybody tries
to cut in front of me at the end but I
don't try to do that to anybody okay
so then me you're allowed something yeah
so and so what I'm like and this happens
all the time like in that one place by
the George Washington Bridge and you're
trying to cross over yeah like that one
[ __ ] where people where everybody exits
and it's like at the end people just
like hop over real quick I'm like [ __ ]
you but again I never try but you know
what sometimes I'm too much of a
hard-ass because you got to be
understanding for people who might not
even know that [ __ ] area and they
their GPS tells them to go that way or
some [ __ ] and then they go that way and
it's like they did you can tell
you in person who [ __ ] up against the
person you like cause you see they'll
give you something if they [ __ ] up
like you'll give you a hand you know yes
something I do that I'll hit them with
like I'll tap my chest and I'll I'm you
know sorry sorry so yeah I'm big on that
if I [ __ ] up then I'm like my bad you
get your right your right one time I was
but recently I was like leaving a
parking lot and somebody like pulled out
in front of me but it did like it's
clear that cars could come from that way
but I just didn't think they were going
to yeah and so they were like yo and
there wasn't we didn't crash or anything
but like I had to slam on the brakes and
and the person was like what do you do I
was like yeah I know you're right my bed
my bed like what I'm going to allow them
to oh yeah I let her I lay was a her I
let her go through it like yeah like
come on you got it I was like yep that's
some things you know but then for that
person
they gotta allow you know like it's got
to be over like if you know you [ __ ]
up and you're allowing them to like
you're right they got they gotta hit you
with something back like respect for you
sitting there and taking this because
yeah I'm right do you know I'm right but
like sometimes they don't give you that
full feeling of like okay but they'll
hit you with like just a little
something to let you know like okay I
see that you get it so it's alright like
you're still trying to be tight but they
hit you with like okay he's being like
you can kind of sense in their [ __ ]
eye or in their yeah their facial
expression that they're like getting it
that I get it so they're like I guess
yeah and if not you [ __ ] pull up next
to them at the light and it's like you
give them that look just like I do that
I I don't get really mad on on driving
but if you are just like if you're
driving on their own like you like
anything you do is okay I mean I just
hang on slow switchin lanes or some [ __ ]
and you're just cutting people off just
on some you don't know what the [ __ ]
going on [ __ ] like not you're being a
dick you're just a bad driver yeah I
don't know what's going on I'll pull up
next to you at the light and just hit
you with some like yeah the ice grill is
always good alright I'll do the like
I'll talk but not to the person just
like talk out loud and they'll know
what's up yeah be like this [ __ ]
[ __ ] right here like you say something
like that then sometimes it's like tell
like they know what
ever you're saying even if like you're
not saying some [ __ ] you could be saying
something the totally different
direction if you pull up next to the car
and you're like this [ __ ] yeah and
they know you look at them they're like
baby heard me say that she yeah that's
true that's true
oh by the way while we were talking
about like [ __ ] stomach pains and [ __ ]
I had a weird dream last night I had a I
had a dream I don't remember most of it
I don't remember like a 95 percent of it
but there's one part I remember where I
think you me and one of our friends was
playing cards but then also showing
everybody your dick and then there was
another part where I think me and rush
limbaugh the right-wing radio host we're
gonna we're gonna play golf but like
we're sitting on a couch before we go
play golf I'm like yo man you ready to
go play and he's like he's got here like
a red face he was like yeah I'm ready
and then he's turns to the side and
starts throwing up and then he starts he
picked up like a garbage can start
throwing up in the garbage can then you
ran out and kept throwing up and I was
like well I guess we're not playing golf
anymore
it's a weird doing in the what was I
doing the Judas plane okay so there was
there was a different part of the dream
before the rush limbaugh part where like
I was playing cards you were playing
cards and our friend was playing cards
and I don't know the other characters
who were involved but then like directly
after that it was like you you
disappeared our friend disappeared and
then it's like cut to me sitting on a
couch a white couch with Rush Limbaugh's
like a look in porno oh my god imagine
it's a turn to do a [ __ ] rush
limbaugh for note see what a like it's
I'd wake up and just want to kill myself
yeah but he started throwing up and I
was like damn it's weird because like I
think the reason he was in the dream is
because he's like a talk show host I'm a
talk show host
he likes golf I like golf and I think
that was the connection that like could
see that yeah that like my brain was
like well you know hey he's a talk show
your talk show host you both play golf
so that's why you're about to play golf
with him yeah it was weird and that's um
I've had some good throw ups before
throw I'll never throw yeah
for me did I throw up and I was it I
felt great after you had like a
projectile joint once right
oh that okay that was a different time I
didn't feel great after that I've only
told up once did you do it okay yeah
throwing up no no I was gonna say I only
felt good once after I did it oh god
they're times I threw up and now it
wasn't like a relief it was just like I
just threw up but I still feel like [ __ ]
yeah yeah that the projectile when I
told the story here before it was New
Year's Eve I took a shitload of shots
and then standing outside with a bunch
of people and I tell them like yo I'm
about to throw up and they're like what
go over there behind the bushes and I
was like nah that one's an open my wife
in college like in bed sleeping while
you were both sleeping ya woke up just
with a whole shitload of like it wasn't
her only role yes or no no I don't think
it was in her face like I feel like you
would wake up from that yeah you have to
go from that yeah I think I just rolled
over and was just like oh no good wow
that's pretty funny though sorry Molly
look at this dusty I'm surprised she
like didn't leave me after that right
after that incident you didn't leave
you're like okay this could work really
really well it's weird how it's just
like you can you you'll consume some
[ __ ] it's good and then you just [ __ ]
throw it up and it's not good yeah yeah
but it's funny how like there was one
time the time that I threw up and I felt
good after it it was some stupid [ __ ]
like college thing and then I got drunk
as [ __ ] and I threw up but then right
after I finished throwing up I felt like
a million bucks I was like oh I feel
amazing now and then what did I do
I went and eat [ __ ] disco fries oh I
know after if you imagine after throwing
up you eat disco fries and it [ __ ] it
like gravy on it cheese on it ketchup
from a [ __ ] cheap-ass diner
wait so disco fries are is that a style
with like the meat and cheese and [ __ ]
on it well and to tell me that curly
fries weren't good and I was like you're
buggin
well.all fries are good all fries matter
hashtag all fries matter there's got to
be some fries that aren't
well there's there's levels but they're
all good like yeah that's true yeah I
mean you could say hey I'd like steak
fries better than [ __ ] waffle fries
or whatever but yeah they're all good
but no the disco fries I had were from
this and I don't know if they're the
same every diner or every place where
you can get disco fries but the one that
I had at this place it was either
regular fries or waffle fries with
cheese melted on top of it and then also
like gravy poured on it like almost like
the turkey gravy this was after you
threw up I would accent Aeneas Lee threw
up again well no in a disgusting savage
of a human being like you know as I was
