we're back [ __ ] so you pretend to
pick where we were talking I don't even
remember we're something about
psychologists and dick size and all that
I don't know but you remember Good Will
Hunting where it was like the best
[ __ ] person great movie but then
Damon like ripped his butt apart and
[ __ ] exposed him for being all [ __ ]
up that's such a good movie I think I
want to go back and watch that movie my
favorite movies yeah I think that was
one of my favorite movies too yeah I was
just watching Magic Mike before we came
on air Magic Mike that's that were there
strippers right yeah Matthew
McConaughey's in it
Channing Tatum Olivia Munn's in it I
never watched that movie is it good I
watched like the last half an hour and
it seemed like just like a coin I mean
it seemed okay it seemed okay but it's
definitely like a chick flick like
McConaughey was in a g-string falling
like dancing on stage all oiled up you
know that's pretty funny you know what I
uh I watched this week i watch The
Godfather I hadn't Sun up I've never
seen The Godfather I saw when I was like
15 or some [ __ ] and I just didn't
remember any of it
it's really good right it was pretty
good yeah it was pretty good it
definitely stands the test of time um I
guess I was just a mob boss yes I gotta
watch a godfather to now and Godfather
three but it was good it was good I mean
it was definitely like you get the sense
it was like an old-school II movie yeah
but it was definitely worth watching for
sure and I'm curious what Al Pacino's
great in it and so is Marlon Brando this
is like the usual suspects of Italian
dudes in there right is Joe Pesci in it
Joe Pesci is not in The Godfather know
but he's in Goodfellas he's okay and
that was a that was a good movie too
he's also in casino all right isn't he
in casino yes I think he's in casino too
I feel like I feel like they all made
their rounds in those movies like just
all those like DeNiro Pesci and they're
all pretty good on Brando you know what
I finished I finished Boardwalk Empire
too recently he told me I got a I think
I'll look into that one listen that it
started out for me it takes me a while
before I really get into a show mm-hmm
but for me it was at the end of season
three I was like god damn that's that
this is good for a Boardwalk Empire is
there like killings like what makes it
good like killings that are like just
like deceiving people and she like that
yeah he's a gangster he was he was a
politician and it's semi based on a true
story the guy's name was Nucky Johnson
in real life in might be in the show
he's Nucky Thompson and he was a guy who
was the treasurer in Atlantic City and
he was a politician and he was very
well-connected but also during
Prohibition he was bringing the alcohol
in and he was getting super rich and he
was a [ __ ] mafia boss basically oh
and then you have like you know them
versus and so you're gonna meet the the
guy who's the the black mob leader the
Nucky Thompson who's I guess Irish and
then there's Arnold Rothstein is in it
who's the Jewish mob leader and then you
have the Italians Missouri is him and
it's just it's it's just a good show
it's just all the [ __ ] that happens and
how he loses power and comes back to
power and what ends up happening and
yada yada yada yada yada so I just
recommend watching it but it's up there
now like I put it up there with [ __ ]
breaking Breaking Bad and I put it up
there with Sopranos it's up there man it
was good it was really good
yeah my sister watch and said she liked
it a lot she would always have to like
catch the episodes when they were on I
think I'm gonna have to look into that
one so I'm thinking next maybe black
mirror I'll do cuz black mayor
everybody's [ __ ] themselves over it
but the thing with black mirror is you
don't have to watch from season one to
like where it's up to you just pick no
every episode is different you could go
to season like season 4 episode 1 was
good
season 3 episode 1 was good like you
could so I just look at all the titles
to show house that was kind of like that
oh it's all separate kind of it's like
each show has its own medical thing
which is separate but the plot does kind
of go from episode 1 all the way through
but you're saying this like The Twilight
Zone then there were it's all each one
is an individual thing yeah I don't know
I don't know what the toy with the
Twilight Zone was all different [ __ ] all
different [ __ ] different
characters in each yeah that's different
exactly how black mirror is yellow and
it's dope cuz I literally just looked on
Netflix and like an episode title look
intriguing I was like I'm gonna choose
that one and it's just you could pick
whatever the [ __ ] you want so it's not
if you like you have to get invested in
that series like you could watch some
other [ __ ] and then just in between like
pick a black mirror episode and watch
well I'll tell you right now what
remains on the list it's still most of
the list is there which is annoying
because I didn't even put a dent in it
so since I started my my goal to watch
the good shows I've done Breaking Bad
The Sopranos better call Saul but that's
still on obviously the wire which was
great Deadwood narcos Prison Break these
are all you watched these are all the
ones I watched and Boardwalk Empire the
ones I haven't watched buckle up the
Americans Game of Thrones Mad Men
damages the shield 24 homeland billions
goliath ray Donovan lost Oz West Wing
house of cards the man in the high
castle Dexter Spartacus mr. robot Rome
black mirror orphan black Sons of
Anarchy Medici in treatment fan of
brothers Twin Peaks and Madea does yeah
Madea does whatever yeah so I still got
a lot more I don't know I feel like you
should not go off lost because I heard
the ending was whack to that [ __ ] and it
was like 4700 episodes
oh it was a lot of episodes I heard it
was like it's like the bajillion seasons
and also like that - and that should
supposed to be really hot which one Mad
Men is a zillion episodes oh really
yeah and it's like I want to see it
because it's hot but it's so many
episodes and it's like like Boardwalk
Empire wasn't there's five seasons and
it was like yeah that's not that bad ten
per season or maybe eight per season or
whatever the [ __ ] it was um you should
throw on and I'm I haven't watched it
but I heard it was good sons of anarchy
that's on the list yeah Oh was it on
there yeah I heard that was a good one
but then you can also take off house of
cards too because that [ __ ] did it oh
yeah I am gonna take that one off
because it doesn't have an ending yeah
and also because since I'm a I'm a
political junkie I'm always it's almost
like so the same thing happened with
so I like golf and when I would watch a
golf movie there's only like two golf
movies that are even watchable because
when they [ __ ] up little things it's
like with you remember in rounders where
the way they bet like I call and I raise
X amount and you're like no I guess not
a bloater play exactly you got to do it
got a raise all at once you can't
[ __ ] do that so it's like the same
[ __ ] like when I watch a golf thing it's
like the guy's got a swing that looks
terrible but he supposed to be the best
one of the best pros in the world it's
like don't [ __ ] like get a guy who
knows how to swing the club yeah so it's
just annoying and the same [ __ ] happens
with what was I talking about house of
cards and politics of cars and politics
ain't politics like Wesley would have I
see a West Wing because I'd be like no I
know how this [ __ ] works and you're not
no this is good you do have to make it
like extreme like how could they even
like with Boardwalk Empire where he was
a politician but he was also a [ __ ]
gangster yeah so I was like oh why cuz
he's a gangster I got it like now that's
the new angle I feel like a parody would
almost work too if it was like a joke on
pot like yeah like I'm like your bio it
was Billy Madison yeah yeah yeah of
course cuz like he was a golfer but like
what you're talking dad works too
yeah for sure yeah I've been watching um
on HBO there's a show crashing with Pete
Davidson I think isn't it no Pete Pete
Holmes Pete Holmes Pete Davidson's the
guy from SNL um he's like a religious
comedian dude who's like sort of
figuring out the like comedy scene and
the season 2 episode 1 he meets a Penn
Jillette you know I'm right again mm-hmm
Penn is like an atheist so I think in
real life too and he like he talks to
him about like religion and sort of just
has him second-guessing all his [ __ ] and
he goes out and gets like real drunk and
like has sex with this girl but I know
it's a good show I have a I have a
picture with Penn Jillette I met Penn
Jillette I'm like fascinated by them I
really like like yeah yeah they're
they're cool they're hardcore
libertarians but I like them they're
good guys that's not like a bad thing
right doesn't that mean they're like no
means they're half right in my opinion
half right half wrong but he had their
cool day they do a good show I saw their
show in Vegas uh-huh it's great show
I also saw Louie Anderson in Vegas that
was good Louie Anderson he was like a
thousand pounds I'm going back to 2010
or 2011 that I saw him he was like a
thousand pounds back then was he funny
funny as hell really he was yeah he was
funny was it like super dirty and
raunchy dirty little dirty he's good it
was funny hilarious that's funny
they're coming back with Roseanne I saw
that but she's gonna be a trump
supporter and it that's what I heard
supposedly oh she's a trump supporter
there's your show she's gonna be Trump
supporter that's like what their chart
that's like the thing they're trying to
do that's part of it like back when it
was the original Roseanne she was like a
working-class kind of person he was like
racist and like she's a little she's a
little iffy but you know I hope that
show doesn't do well she was number one
by a mile when her show was out like it
was crazy
good I don't know I never watched it but
she was like ridiculously big like
ridiculous like you have when you have a
conversation it's like Seinfeld or
Roseanne like those are that she's in
that you know in that I feel like she
was in that in the early 90s but then
like towards the end she started getting
smoked but they went out number one like
Seinfeld but I could be wrong
oh no you might yeah you might be right
maybe they did like and on their own
note yeah she she follows me on Twitter
Roseanne yeah really yeah I'm kind of
flattered by that okay so maybe I hope
to show des okay I watched actually
young Sheldon on CBS oh it's like it
don't this [ __ ] don't it was it was just
one episode so I don't have a big enough
sample size on that [ __ ] that supposed
to be the spin-off of the Big Bang well
yeah he's like he's the Sheldon like
he's the guy from Big Bang and he does
like voice talking throughout it
it's like The Cleveland Show like who
the [ __ ] watched the Clio no Cleveland
show is trash
but young Sheldon was okay there was
like a NASA scientist that came to his
high school classroom and he was like
explaining how it's very expensive every
time a spaceship goes up because when it
lands it just lands in the ocean and
then Sheldon raised his hand it was like
well why don't why doesn't it land like
on land and they would you would save
like losing the thing and the guy said
well it's very complicated and it's
something I can't explain he was like no
I can explain it for you right now and
he like goes up to the board and does
this whole diagram [ __ ] and all episode
he's like trying to get in touch with
NASA and would it like I don't know I
always I was entertained by it it's at
30 minutes or an hour 30 minutes right
thirty minutes yes they come that thing
is gonna get amazing ratings and it's
gonna be super high up there yeah the
Big Bang Theory super high up there
that's a big bank there he's been there
forever I don't like my uncle watches
that mine if you could turn to CBS and
they'll always say like watch Dave and
Dick it's the number one rated and I'm
like how is all this [ __ ] number one
rated cuz there's a lot of boring white
parents out there yeah
America is packed full of boring white
parents that's what they do
they'll come home I can't they may sit
there and a night of watching that [ __ ]
they've just been trying to find the
next friends since friends went off the
air
I think Big Bang Theory is almost like
dude that's it's on CBS it's on Fox it's
on like TNT and yes it's on all those
stations oh my god I think it is like a
hole that [ __ ] that's not on some Fred
[ __ ] then cuz friends is everywhere you
know there's not a time of day that law
and order is not on TV
it isn't notice on TV yeah they must be
making so much money I went through
phases with Law & Order there was a time
when I would watch it all the time and
then after like a year I was like I'm
good I don't need to watch this anymore
yeah but you can always watch it like
it's always there you put it on it is
always exactly it's always there like
watching episode alone order my wife was
saying there was an episode where a guy
put a camera in Starbucks toilets cuz he
got off on like seeing people pee and
like and [ __ ] oh my god yeah imagine
seeing somebody [ __ ] from that angle
where you see like the [ __ ] ass open
yeah yeah it's weird
oh one auto writers got to be pretty
like I mean they're creative but they
got to think of some [ __ ] up [ __ ] they
probably just go to like the police
blogger of like New York City and just
see what the hell happens okay are they
all based on true stories are just some
of them I don't know I know that I feel
like they're always in the beginning you
would see this like based on a true
story or something like that yeah I
think most of them are like loosely
based on a probably like portable yeah
Boardwalk Empire where it's like loosely
based on it is a story maybe they do
that
yeah the liberties with it but that was
the thing that was really cool about
boardwalk Empire's that like they said
usually in in these in shows that are
similar to it they will have it mostly
fictional but they'll sprinkle in some
real characters mm-hmm but with
Boardwalk Empire they did their reverse
where they followed the character who
they based on a real character and a lot
of it is real and then they sprinkled
into fictional stuff I could see that
yeah they made it interesting because
you're going oh it's like 50/50 is this
one of the things that really happened
or is this one thanks yeah usually this
[ __ ] that was like over-the-top extreme
OD it would be like the Hollywood Chum
shaman dramatization
don't drop ization droplet is easy oh
you know what we didn't do for a pole
that we should have done [ __ ] look I
mean we got to do Tupac verse biggie so
that's another one yeah you got to do
that you got to do Britney Spears verse
Christina Aguilera yeah you got it did
you throw Jessica Simpson in that pole
to like would Madonna be in that pole
would she be the New Kids on the Block
on that [ __ ] mmm you know yeah
you do kind of have to add her look down
a Britney or Christina did you all Lady
Gaga Lady Gaga to new right for that
poll that's like a nice big time that's
like going in sync Backstreet Boys or
Bieber yeah true true true yeah good
point did you watch any of the games
yesterday on TNT
I watched the Cavs Warriors one just
like the end of it and then I woke up to
like the whole melee that happened with
the Clippers rockets did you see all
that [ __ ] I did I was gonna ask you if
you if you heard about that apparently
just childish James Harden Trevor Ariza
and Chris Paul
and Chris Paul no they went to oh and
Chris Paul who who were they trying to
[ __ ] up Blake Griffin Blake Griffin and
Austin Rivers and what why I didn't see
the well just they were just beef in
because well I mean it just goes back to
when Chris Paul played with the Clippers
and everybody thought they got along but
I don't think Chris Paul and Blake
Griffin really got along and then Trevor
Ariza during the game was talking [ __ ]
to Austin Rivers who was on the bench
and shree close so they start a beef in
and I mean they probably are mad at like
Austin Rivers because his dad is the
coach and the GM gave Mike a 40 million
dollar contract granted he's a good
player so they were beefing about that
and then like Blake Griffin bumped into
Mike D'Antoni and likes like D'Antoni
started screaming at Blake Griffin so
everybody was [ __ ] screaming at
everybody oh [ __ ] and then after the
game they asked Blake Griffin like would
you say to a reason and he was like he
asked me if he was coming a birthday
party yeah Blake Griffin seems kind of
like a douche though like I don't think
I like him he seems like a douche but he
seems like he's he's a little witty he
seems funny on Sasha it was like a
creationist like he thinks the world is
6,000 years old really I thought I read
a long time ago oh I just listened to a
podcast with Kyrie Irving and JJ reddick
he's a flat earther Kyrie Irving yeah he
but like he was like I wasn't saying the
earth is flat I was more so just saying
question thing like don't question that
yeah
exactly you're not the question that
that's done that one settled you know
what to bring that one up and then JJ
reddick was like I have my own
conspiracy that arm that I know is not
true but I might think it's true um that
dinosaurs never actually exists oh come
on man they're just [ __ ] with people
at this point are they just trolling
they could just be [ __ ] with people I
don't know because then he was like you
know I went to I go to these like I went
to the Natural History Museum or
something like that and even do to work
there was like yeah all the dinosaurs we
have or only like we only ever found
like the most 80% of a dinosaur or
something like that it's all that
genetically computer ease those are
creationist talking points there that's
what they do they try to say is you like
that yeah there's the dinosaurs that's
what they try to argue even though
doctors died out 65 million years ago
yeah but there's like there's dinosaur
fossils like there's actual proof that
and never being true I don't think the
80% oh you only found 80% oh really and
even if that was that's not like a lot
of sound 80% of a dinosaur yeah like
they existed yeah if you found 80% of a
human being you'd be like okay they were
human beings yeah you wouldn't say
humans don't exist I only found 80% of
one [ __ ] yeah they're I mean Kelly they
were laughing man did you see Shaq and
Charles Ross you were laughing their ass
off at like oh you're gonna fight them
is out you're gonna do like you went
slow and make it forty million dollars a
year they were laughing cuz I think yeah
the police was called yes the police
revolved there was a police presence
like [ __ ] police presence like we do
officer Chris Paul is gonna hurt me yeah
they did a police blogger
