YouTube is at it again [ __ ] with the
algorithms and making their platform
more controlled from the top down and
worse so look at this YouTube's new
attempts to limit propaganda draws fire
from PBS so that's interesting now PBS
is upset well let me explain what
they're doing what they're doing here is
they're labeling government-funded
outlets on YouTube now that comes with a
warning like a banner anytime you watch
a video funded by a an outlet that gets
a lot of funding from the government so
they're labeling them and they're
letting people know like hey just to be
clear look at where the funding comes
from for these videos you might want to
take it with a grain of salt that's the
gist of it and they rolled it out slowly
so for example on artis videos that's
what this is really about they want to
say they rush it propaganda rdrd some
people already got the messages but
they're rolling it out slowly I think at
some point all of us are gonna have it
unless they decide to go in the other
direction now because of the backlash
from this but well what's happening is
now PBS is finally paying attention
because it's affecting them before it
affects them they have nothing to say
about it they don't care that's the
nature of the way this stuff works so
when it was D monetization well it
didn't affect them that badly so
whatever we don't care
well affected independent media outlets
like myself the D monetization scandal
the ad pocalypse as we called it well
what happens when there was the D
prioritisation scandal that's the new
one is that new people have a harder
time seeing my videos as well as the
videos of other independent creators
because we're deprioritized
so in other words YouTube is pushing
more traditional media outlets that
corporate media outlets MSNBC CNN so if
somebody's not already a fan of secular
talk it's harder for them to stumble
across a video of mine in the related
video section it used to be anything you
look at that's political online anything
there'd be a video The Young Turks that
pops up there because they have even
more videos than I do but a video of
secular talk as well and we're just
everywhere but now when you deprioritize
us in the algorithm
and put us in a lower level now we're
not everywhere now it's harder for us to
gain we were gaining 30,000 subscribers
a month not that long ago 30,000 a month
30,000 now we're gaining like 3,000
listen I'm open to the idea that some of
the drop-off is because the elections
over so people aren't as interested in
politics totally even if you tell me hey
man we're gonna chop that number in half
you're gonna get thirty thousand a month
then it's gonna be 15,000 I'd say damn
50 percent is a big drop-off but you
know what maybe maybe that's just
because of the election but when you go
from 30,000 to like 3000 there's there's
an algorithm issue there - but listen
this isn't just conjecture I'm gonna get
to the facts in a second here but isn't
it amazing that now PBS speaks up did
PBS say anything when they when the US
government decided RT is gonna be
labeled as a foreign agent remember that
coz is it's stunning that they said yes
foreign agent but did they say that
about Al Jazeera no did they say that
about the BBC No so in other words the
argument is not oh let's just be honest
with everybody and let them know that
these are government-funded outlets the
argument is let that one outlet from
Russia we're gonna scare people about
that one outlet and let the other ones
off the hook that was the US government
well now u2 is doing this and they're
doing it with government-funded outlets
across the board and now finally since
it's affecting PBS they're going oh [ __ ]
no this is a bad idea
and by the way man listen I so I take
everything from RT on when they talk
about Russia related issues with a grain
of salt but other issues they're just as
good if not better than other outlets I
mean ed Schultz is on RT he's he was
fired by MSNBC when he opposed the TPP
you have Thom Hartmann he's over there
I think Lee camp is over there Abby
Martin used to be over there and when
she was over there she criticized
Putin's move in Crimea annexing Crimea
so there's a lot of good hosts over
there but because of this hysteria
they're just trying to smear the whole
network
can act like no don't take any word they
say seriously well listen I'll take what
they say on the on Russian issues with a
grain of salt but I'm also gonna take
what CNN and MSNBC say about foreign
policy issues with a grain of salt why
they get tremendous you know money from
the military-industrial complex
go ahead watch one of the sunday shows
Meet the Press or whatever you'll see an
ad for like Raytheon or Boeing and
you're like what the [ __ ] what are they
trying to sell people in the audience
[ __ ] anti-aircraft missiles know what
they're doing is they're buying
corporate media's silence on their
[ __ ] that's what they're doing oh
don't do that expose on Raytheon or
Boeing they give a lot of money to the
network that's what that is
you have to read Noam Chomsky's
manufacturing consent to understand this
the propaganda that's spewed by
corporate media is just as servile to
the US government if not more servile
then state media is funded by
governments so that's a mind-blowing
fact but it's true and he details it in
just painstaking with a painstaking
amount of research he shows you know
this is the case and I'll prove it
here's how they're always doing
propaganda for US imperialism and the US
government but again is there gonna be a
warning on MSNBC and CNN are they gonna
say warning MSNBC fired every host who
was against the Iraq war are you gonna
say that no are they gonna say warning
they take a tremendous amount of money
from the military-industrial complex
warning they take a tremendous amount of
ad money from Exxon Mobil so be careful
about what they say on climate issues on
on Fox News are they gonna say warning
they're funded one of their main
stakeholders is Prince Alois bid until
all a Saudi prince or Saudi whatever the
billionaire Saudi guy are they gonna say
warning Fox News has close ties to the
Saudi government not gonna say that
again this is why people call this a Red
Scare because they're they're using that
issue Russia Russia Russia to crack down
on dissenting voices and now since
you're you're moving slowly towards
going after the mainstream also like PBS
now everybody's like whoa whoa wait what
we've been telling you about this from
the beginning but you didn't care when
it was just
you didn't care so now earlier I said
this isn't just conjecture on my part
this is a fact that there are D
prioritizing us look at this admission
in the middle of the article quote in
November Eric Schmidt the former
executive chairman of Google's parent
alphabet said that the company would D
rank R T and N and another Russian
government affiliated news outlet
Sputnik in its search results in an
effort to curb misleading and
exploitative content Schmidt added that
the company does not want to ban the
outlets and Google later clarified that
the company does not deer a deer ank
individual websites so ok you see what
they just did there there's an admission
there the admission is ok what more do
you guys want we made it so that the
algorithm is biased against RT and
Sputnik and we made us that we're
burying their videos what more do you
want that's that was his argument and
then when people were like whoa did you
just admit that you're like censoring
that outlet Google was like no no we
don't do you rank things you just said
you did the former head just said yeah
we do ranked him what more do you want
so that's the admission because YouTube
has been maintaining from the very
beginning and we knew it was lies cuz
we're youtubers so we know like no we
what do you know we're not no we're not
[ __ ] you know taking you know your
show Kyle in the humanist report and
Jimmy Dore and David Pakman and to be
fair right-wing outlets too and and set
and taking them and putting them in a
lower priority when it comes to
recommended boxes on the side why am i
all of a sudden unable to talk properly
when it comes to the search engine on
the side we're not we're not deep
prioritizing your stuff we don't do
ranked anybody and put them in a lower
tier well again I know you've done that
because I see the numbers on the back
end and I know what's in anomaly and I
know what's normal and we're in a
situation where looks like a permanent
anomaly because we're being
deprioritized and I told you guys show
the beginning it's not just us there's
been a 60% cut in our revenue on YouTube
there was a time when it was a 99
percent cut thankfully
they got we got off the blacklist which
was the new we're not gonna give you any
ads but now we're just in a lower level
of ads and again it's not just me it's
virtually every independent media outlet
that's what we're dealing with now
so they admit it and they're like no no
we didn't [ __ ] say that yes you did
say that and we already know because we
have the facts on our side we have the
numbers to show it and then again this
is where it gets a little conspiratorial
but it's not really conspiratorial
because I get the messages all the time
so what is everybody lying at once or is
everybody misunderstanding it people are
always getting unsubscribed from my show
and then the other one is you know
people will subscribe and click the
notification bell and then they just get
sun clicked what why they subscribe and
click the notification then all of a
sudden they don't get the notifications
what it's all because of this it's all
because of this and listen right before
I came on air another story look top
Intel dam warns foreign spies could be
manipulating YouTube okay here we go
again
here we go again here we go again here
we go again here we go again so now it's
not just oh my god fake news crackdown
on the independent outlets and say like
they're all like Alec Alex Jones now
it's not just that now its own foreign
spies too you know what they use as
evidence that foreign spies are on
YouTube I'm not kidding about this it's
gonna sound like I'm kidding I'm not
kidding they say in the article there
were six times as many anti-hillary
videos as there were anti-trump videos
and you think that's evidence of foreign
spies aren't that's not evidence of that
at all you know what that means you
idiots
that means Hillary Clinton's candidacy
pissed off the entire right wing every
right-wing outlet online and half of the
left-wing outlets that's what that means
because all the the left-wing outlets
The Young Turks myself Jimmy Dore
humanist report David Pakman Sam cedar
especially in the primary we were all
Bernie's uh boarders all of us so yeah
there were a lot of anti Hillary videos
because those things
to be pointed out she voted for the Iraq
war she voted for the Patriot Act she
supported NAFTA we're talking about a
hawk who is in favor of deregulation and
was Republican light her entire career
so yes we got we pointed that out
because that's her [ __ ] job is to
give the facts but they say oh that's
anti-hillary biased there were six times
as many anti Hillary videos as anti
Trump videos again a giant portion of
that is because the left was being
principled and going after Hillary when
she disagreed with us and also because a
lot of the anti Trump stuff is just duh
so we don't need to talk about that as
much because it's duh now that he's
president I would argue talk about a lot
more see obviously has more power but
that's not evidence of anything but they
say up foreign spies Florence what the
[ __ ] and it's listen it's Google it's
YouTube it's Facebook - Facebook - you
know what Facebook did sorry news and
politics we're gonna put you to the side
now people are gonna get more stuff with
friends and family
well you just took out there are many
news outlets independent news outlets
that their primary way of getting their
news out is Facebook you just crush them
on a whim doing it on purpose they want
to push the establishment outlets
because the establishment outlets that's
them
Mark Zuckerberg establishment guy
considering running for president he
wants independent outlets like me
[ __ ] on his attempt to run for
president on his own platform if he were
to decide that no they don't want that
it's ever it's Twitter - sending out the
letters Oh careful you retweeted
something that could have been Russian
propaganda what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
and they wouldn't again they'd never say
CNN it's fake news even though they've
spread fake news we know they had
virtually every US outlet called torture
enhanced interrogation because Bush said
we want you to call an enhanced
interrogation you know that is that's a
lie that's propaganda that's fake news
it's [ __ ] torture it's torture when
Iran does it it's torture when any other
country doesn't it's torture when we do
it but they called it enhanced
interrogation because they're puppets of
the state but they're never gonna say Oh
deprioritize CNN they said it was
enhanced interrogation they're never
gonna they all downplayed the WikiLeaks
emails which were factual did hey this
is what Hillary said she said there's
big
against the rich and we should be kinder
to the rich she wants totally free and
open trade borders which is like NAFTA
on steroids she said that they go ah
that source is from Russia so that's
propaganda the facts you're giving me or
propaganda and the places that don't
give those facts we're gonna prop them
up what they even said on many
mainstream US outlets all the WikiLeaks
stuff is fake it's not fake they just
call it fake so are you gonna deep-fry
or tie CNN and MSNBC because they said
it's fake when it wasn't no the game is
rigged the game is rigged and they're
gonna use it to crack down on
independent outlets across the board you
need to support people who you like at
this point I know this sounds like a
cheap plug but it's really not because
this is what we've been dealing with for
a long time and it is scary thankfully
you guys have made it so that we're
primarily grassroots funded now you're
the main source of funding for this show
and I appreciate every single one of you
that do it if you just want to give two
bucks a month on patreon so we can keep
doing the show exactly as is its
patreon.com slash secular talk again
I really really appreciate that all of
you do that and I actually take pride in
the fact now that I can tell people yeah
this is primarily grassroots funded
because you know what that is that's a
giant middle finger to all these [ __ ]
stories and all the ways that they're
slyly de prioritizing us and screwing
over independent content creators that's
you guys saying to them you know what we
don't care throw the [ __ ] kitchen
kitchen sink at us and we got their back
and that's something they would never
have ever nobody's gonna [ __ ]
crowdfund
wolf blitzer's pouring ass if something
were to happen to a CNN job never
because doesn't stand for anything he
just reads the [ __ ] prompter he's
like Ron Burgundy and everything the
prompter is usually stupid and
uninteresting so it says a lot that you
guys have said you know what yes here's
two bucks a month we appreciate what you
do and keep doing it so patreon.com
slash secular talk and always think of
the other content creators too if you
love their stuff whether it's humanists
report or jimmy dore or tim black or
david pakman or sam cedar and listen
there's with all those people we don't
agree on everything in fact there's
massive disagreement on a lot of
different things
but there's a you know a flavor for each
particular version of left-winger on
YouTube and whoever you support you know
basically what I'm saying is support
them if you support them because we're
all going through it and it's just that
some people aren't as vocal about it you
know what I mean
some of us are out here really
highlighting this stuff and talking
about it all the time
others don't talk about it as much but I
know from conversations with them that
they're they're all struggling so if you
could look out for them too that'd be
great
