hello everybody we're here time for the
podcast
after the podcast we just had a 10
minute podcast and we're like wait we're
not even recording I'm like [ __ ]
sweating you ever like do some physical
activity [ __ ] and then try to do
something serious afterwards but not
that this is serious but like like if
you work out and then you try to shower
real fast and like put your clothes on
you're just like you just can't stop
sweating oh the number of times I've
gotten out of the shower put on
moisturizer and then like did something
and then realize like 10 minutes later
that the moisturizer was now mixed in
with moisturizer and sweat oh I can't
even count the number of times that
happened that happened all the [ __ ]
time yeah oh it's one thing if you sweat
like if you're in the gym and you sweat
and you take a towel and you wipe it off
and you're good but if you are sweating
and then you shower and then try to put
your clothes on real quick and like if
you have a meeting or if like you're
meeting up with someone you meet them
and you're just like [ __ ] constantly
sweating it's not something that you
would wipe real quit just doesn't stop I
don't know that's like your your more
amped up your nerves are high or
whatever you know I've had that before
for sure I don't know if you know I'm
sure you did notice but when I did TYT
they had me under the brightest lights
ever and I didn't have any like powder
or makeup on it just crossed my mind but
and I don't have I used to have oily
skin I don't have any skin anymore but
under those lights I look like I was it
was so bad little thing I was sweating
basically yeah just shiny but well you
said at Fox News they put like coats and
coats of makeup on you right and it's
like when you looked at it on air you
sort of look normal
well that's right not only do they put a
bunch of makeup on you they use like six
shades too dark because they say the
lights are so bright that if they don't
give you a darker color makeup for your
face that you would look really really
white so they got to give you a darker
shade and I never realized the extent to
which that when they put makeup on your
face it's just like they're it's
basically like they are painting your
face with peach paint like that's what
it like they glob it on and then they
take a thing and [ __ ] put it
everywhere
it's literally like you might as well
take a [ __ ] paintbrush and just
like do that [ __ ] the first thing that
comes to mind when you say all that [ __ ]
is the mrs. Doubtfire mass like as soon
as you're done yeah you could almost
just be like take the whole [ __ ] off and
just be back to normal that's such a
great movie missed a fire
it never doesn't make me smile like I
always smile makes me smile but I get
depressed watching it because I know
that like the situations like [ __ ] oh
well then at the end full of the kids
right or she does she or he I don't
remember at the end like because I
remember he's doing like the puppet show
well maybe he gets it's a happy ending I
think it's a happy ending I don't
remember exactly how the happy ending
unfolds but that every scene in that
movie I like I like when he shoves his
face in the cake to cover up his head
he's like oh it's a facemask deer yeah
that's a claw that's a classic I thought
you might like by the way like my
grandma on my dad's side the Grubman
down fires seriously yeah and there's a
professional golfer everybody should
look this up right now there's a
professional golfer by the name of Colin
Montgomery type Colin Montgomery into
Google Images I've heard of him that's
miss Doubtfire as a man like that's
Robin Williams is not miss Doubtfire as
a man Colin Montgomery's missed out
fires man really he's got like the
grayish [ __ ] like he just looks like
Miss Doubtfire he's a man that looks
like Miss Doubtfire and then there's
another golfer his name's Charley
Hoffman and look him up guys he's the
human embodiment of Chris Griffin if
Chris really
Chris Griffin was a real a person to
real life it would be Charlie Hoffman I
feel like that wouldn't be a compliment
to him no it's not a compliment
it's just a steam in a fact yeah just
what he is he just looks exactly like
him
people never give me compliments like
that I get like like a like it I always
get like a in between compliment like
you look like what do I get
Shia LaBeouf you look Keanu Reeves oh my
god is that good or bad like um I don't
really see either one you look like
Horan to me cuz I've known you for so
long I never associated you with a
celebrity or anything and I'm sure you
never associated me with one no my
stepfather though looks like a
combination of like Jerry Springer and
Larry Bird yeah you made that point for
he definitely does so it would probably
be annoying just going through your
whole life hearing like just like oh you
look like this person or like cuz you
know people say you look like that there
is a dude who people say you look like
Joey salads or some [ __ ] is that his
name Joey salads salads some some
youtuber I think or something oh that
sounds like a dude I used to play at the
club with us I know right a Joey salads
over he give me like four hundred pounds
or some [ __ ] like that
that's how all Italians would do it they
would have the most like nickname that
you'd be like you'd be like like Paulie
doesn't smokes smokes all the time wait
can I just ask how he got that nickname
like yeah yeah yeah you know smoking his
whole life don't worry about it that's
what they'd say how do you get that
nickname don't worry about it give a my
lighting here I read some of the
comments man people well first off shout
out - we were talking before the podcast
pimple Update [ __ ] has gone down so [ __ ]
everybody who was saying hurtful
meaningful [ __ ] man no [ __ ] all you guys
dude don't feel bad
I you know the most embarrassing [ __ ]
that I would never have admitted to at
the time we've spoken about this before
on the podcast but back in high school
when my acne was bad I would put cover
up on like dot to cover up over it so I
was like wearing makeup but then if
anybody had ever brought that up to me
in it back then I'd be like no what are
you talking about I'm not wearing makeup
what are you talking about but I would
read [ __ ] and like I mean I'm not like
people say [ __ ] but I'm not like on a
celebrity level where they're getting
hurtful [ __ ] and all this stuff but it's
like I just laughed at all of it like
funk like and get what would disagree
with you more like is there anything
that ever like I mean you can always
have an argument back cuz I mean
normally you're you're right about [ __ ]
and if you're wrong you could say you're
wrong about it but like is anything ever
hurtful
no dings so that was mean the things
that the thing like if you insult my
appearance it doesn't bother me in the
slightest like I've been called every
name in the book your people say yeah
and it's fine and go to see yeah some of
it lesbian softball coach some of the
funny like that's [ __ ] funny I think
that is [ __ ] entertaining so some of
its genuinely entertaining so I don't
mind this stuff where they come after it
my physical appearance or anything like
that
the only thing I get really frustrated
about where it hurts is when somebody
types something and it sounds like they
really believe what they're saying and
it's they're totally mischaracterizing a
point I made or something like Bill like
I saw one the other day um there's been
a bunch but what did it say there were a
few I'm getting them jumbled in my head
right now they're not coming to me at
the moment they will come to me at some
point so just basically saying you're
lying about something when I context
like there was one that's it like I had
said something a while ago like if you
don't give trunk credit for something
that he when he does something right
then you're a partisan hack mm-hmm and
what somebody did is they quote tweeted
my thing and tweeted at me and said well
I guess you're a partisan hack and like
I think what they were referring to was
my segment on the North Korea South
Korea peace deal and like I made the
point in that video that the bulk of the
credit goes to the South Korean
president because it's a new South
Korean president and he's been pro-peace
all along and so he's the guy who had a
meeting with Kim jong-un
sat down and they made this whole big
thing and they basically agreed to end
the war now Trump is trying to take
credit for that
od well right so PC lying when he said
that Kim Jong and like gave him credit
no see that's the thing and in the in
the segment I break it down that's been
a strategy of this South Korean
president from day one this guy's really
smart he knows that not only does he
have to make peace with North Korea
which is something he wants but also at
the same time he knows how hawkish and
and how much people in the u.s. want war
with like John Bolton and Mike Pompeo
and Trump so what he's been doing is
using strategic flattery as they call it
so every time he achieves something
he turns around and he gives Trump
credit and in fact that he said the
other day because Trump people at a
rally were started for cheering for
Trump to get a Nobel Peace Prize yeah
but this South Korean president was like
I think he should get a Nobel Peace
Prize so that's not him he's not an
idiot he doesn't actually think Trump
should get a Nobel Peace Prize but it's
a it's a strategy it's trying to get
peace and trying to stave off the war
mongers by letting Trump take credit for
[ __ ] that he doesn't deserve credit for
so but even saying all that I still said
in that segment as long as Donald Trump
doesn't start a hot war with North Korea
I will consider him a success on the
issue of North Korea that's my standard
for the issue of North Korea as long as
you're not getting into a war because
virtually every administration and the
entire deep State for decades in the
u.s. has wanted war with North Korea so
as long as you don't fight a war I will
consider you a success so by my own
standard I think Donald Trump's so far
is a success on North Korea even though
he's heading saint's insane [ __ ] but the
points a low bar I know but but that's
my thing is like I'm below totally
honest and straightforward about what
the facts are and what my take on the
facts is and still some idiot tweets me
and he's like I guess you're a partisan
hack what do you want because what do
you what did you want did you want me to
say
Trump deserves a hundred percent of the
credit for something he does not deserve
1% of the credit for because that'd be
ridiculous and they don't they probably
don't even know the backstory that there
was a right-wing anti-peace president in
South Korea president Park and then she
was impeached over corruption and then
this new guy's pro-peace like what do
they want they want the new South Korean
president to get none of the credit even
though he deserves a lot of the credit
like that's it [ __ ] like that that
annoys me where it's like somebody will
say something and they'll like they'll
tell me what they think I believe and
then tell me it's wrong it's like well
first of all I'm not wrong second of all
what you're telling me that you think I
believe is not even what I believe so
it's like multiple layers of like you're
just trouble it's like these people
search for [ __ ]
to try to be catch me and be like argh I
gotcha
don't you know and it's like that's the
[ __ ] that annoys me yes you know then
it's like then you have to start
weighing okay let's see oh this person
has four followers I'll just love just
not [ __ ] respond and I'll just let it
go out there into the ether and then
sometimes you see in the person as a
thousand followers and their [ __ ]
tweet got like two retweets and four
likes and you're like now I kind of want
to respond because not only are you
spewing your [ __ ] but you might be
getting other people to believe some
[ __ ] that is just not that's not true
another one that annoy me was somebody
tweeted me and said props to whatever
left-wing outlets had covered a story
about the MSNBC host Joann read and the
ridiculous lie she told you doubt so
[ __ ] weird
they were like props to her it props to
those people for covering it and then it
was like shame on [ __ ] Kyle me and
like four other left-wing youtubers who
didn't cover it and are protecting her
and I read that I'm like [ __ ] I
haven't had a show since the scandal
broke like I haven't had a show yet and
then I'm just because you're defending
her but that's my point is that like
people will if not only in the mind of
some people not only do you have to
cover the thing that they want you to
cover and by the way I did end up
covering that because I thought it was
newsworthy but not only do you have to
cover the thing that they want you to
cover you have to cover it in the way
they want you to cover it and you have
to do right now so it's like it's just
[ __ ] like that gets under my skin like
unreasonable expectations or just
jumping to conclusions and assuming my
beliefs or something when they're not or
assuming bad motivations like that's the
[ __ ] that I'm like that's the [ __ ] that
makes me feel like angry like I've got a
like seething anger when I read that and
I'm like yeah but I'm scrolling within
trolling because the ones that control
that are trolling I don't mind is the
ones where I read it and I'm like oh
this person's serious and they think
like they think something that's wrong
like that's the [ __ ] that gets me but I
don't give a [ __ ] about you know
whatever insulting my speaking of that
lady
I just it almost like when I read her
response to it I think I've watched the
video on it and I was almost just like
in a way that's sort of like a genius as
a response is almost just like if I did
right like I don't remember right in
that would she almost said something
just like she didn't remember writing it
right like that wasn't her she said I
genuinely don't believe I wrote those
things yeah and I was just like if
someone found something I wrote mad long
ago I can almost feel like I don't
remember I don't remember I that I wrote
that and it almost made me believe like
that like that but the hack thing was
the problem she lied if she just said I
don't remember writing it but I wrote it
that's fine but she didn't say that she
was like I was hacked and then people
were like whoa wait a second
that [ __ ] is posted on like six
different websites and you [ __ ]
tweeted it at the time like you're lying
it's an obvious lie and then went as far
as to hire her own investigator or some
[ __ ] and that dude just said whatever he
she wanted him to say it I never
understand there's companies that do
that they're like we'll have an internal
investigation but yet like they're
hiring the firm to investigate whatever
the [ __ ] going on in their company you
think they're really gonna hire someone
that's gonna be like aha we got you
you're all going to jail [ __ ]
and like you're so right about that and
I always found internal investigations
hilarious because there is a conflict of
interest the entire time like the whole
thing is a giant conflict of interest
like so what I did is I hired this guy
who's gonna tell me if I'm a good person
it's like wait what then if you're
paying him you know what that person's
gonna [ __ ] say it's like when cops oh
we have an internal investigation over a
homicide that was committed by a police
officer well you're his [ __ ] buddies
exactly that's ridiculous that's like if
somebody was like okay Kyle you need to
[ __ ] you have to do an investigation
on Koren it's like well he's my friend
what [ __ ] you talking about I'm supposed
to find dirt on it like it's just the
whole the way that structure is is just
not gonna work yeah that should they do
that with the NFL they do it like I
think the Mavericks did it and it was
just like okay no one's gonna get in
trouble because it's your investigation
yeah so
let me tell everybody about how sick
I've been recently so it started on
Thursday no it was no Tuesday remember
cuz at the end of last the last Kyle and
Koren I was like I don't feel good well
you said during the episode yeah like
that was the beginning of Iran yeah so
that was the beginning of it then it was
Wednesday and Thursday I feel like by
Thursday it was bad and then Friday
Saturday Sunday was like oh my god so
first of all we've been worse it was
like it was way worse
it was way worse so it was so bad I
thought it might have been strep throat
but ultimately it wasn't strep throat it
was it was a it was a cold but it was
the worst cold I've ever had so it
wasn't it wasn't just like blowing your
nose stuffy the throat thing was the
real problem it likes of pain have you
ever had a cold so bad that like you
almost couldn't swallow mmm not no not
really but I mean I've had that choking
sensation where I've couldn't swallow
for like a second and that [ __ ] sucks I
can't imagine what that [ __ ] feels like
for an extended amount of time what is
it like swollen were you coughing or
who's just like no that was the one
thing I wasn't coughing I wasn't
coughing I don't think I had a fever but
I had nasal
nasal congestion that was terrible so
blowing my nose and my throat was the
worst part I mean the nose I could deal
with the [ __ ] blow in your nose all
the time but the throat was I literally
had trouble swallowing
I couldn't sleep because of it it was so
bad I wasn't able to sleep that sounds
like it's [ __ ] miserable
and so I basically I was using
Chloraseptic like a [ __ ] try
spraying in the back of your throat
trying to help it to the help it helped
a little bit but it was so bad that
nothing was really gonna help and then
here's the grossest part I like every
now and then I would have to hawk these
loogies that were like half the size of
[ __ ] ping pong balls and like in the
morning especially when I woke up they
were like hard oh it's almost like iLike
I would wake up and be incapable of
following and like couldn't talk because
it was just totally scratchy and dry and
impossible to swallow it was it the
worst [ __ ] and then afterwards I was
like I'm still I'm still like at the end
of it now like I'm just getting to the
end of it hopefully tonight's the last
night where it's like really an issue
but I was like I didn't I I didn't know
that because there's a million different
kinds of common cold viruses yeah I
didn't know that this one that I had was
like possible like I didn't know that
there was one that was so bad that it
made your throat like that level yeah
like I didn't know like I've had colds
before everybody's had colds before but
usually my cold is just like I'm blowing
