republican congresswoman Marsha
Blackburn released a long ad announcing
her re-election campaign so let's have a
little laugh together and check it out
the United States Senate
it's totally dysfunctional and it's
enough to drive you nuts and that's why
I've decided to do something about it
I'm Marsha Blackburn I'm a hardcore
card-carrying Tennessee conservative I'm
politically incorrect and proud of it so
let me just say it like it is the fact
that our Republican majority in the US
Senate can't overturn Obamacare or will
not overturn Obamacare it's a disgrace
to many Senate Republicans act like
Democrats or worse and that's what we
have to change here in Tennessee I
fought my own party to stop a massive
job-killing state income tax and we
stopped it we won I know the left calls
me a wing nut or a knuckle-dragging
conservative and you know what I say
that's all right bring it on I'm 100%
pro-life I fought Planned Parenthood and
we stopped the sale of baby body parts
thank God I shoot scaped have a
concealed carry permit for the gun that
I do pack in my purse I believe our
government spends too much grows too
much and is bankrupting our children's
future I believe in president Trump's
immigration ban and I'll fight with him
every step of the way to build that wall
I stand for hundreds of millions of
honest Americans who work hard and they
play by the rules and I stand for the
greatest country the world has ever
known
I stand when the president walks in the
room and yes I stand when I hear the
star-spangled banner
a great tennessean who wasn't so
politically correct himself once said
one man with courage makes a majority
well courage comes in both genders and
I'm running for the US Senate
because I'll fight every day to make our
Republican majority act like one too
much is at stake America needs a
conservative revolution and leaders who
are willing to fight in it I'm Marsha
Blackburn that's why I'm running for the
US Senate and I would be honored to have
your vote
[Music]
make the pain stop dear God make the
pain stop so there's a so many parts of
that that are interesting to me
I like how she repeatedly calls herself
politically incorrect as she's making
the most politically correct ad I've
ever seen in my life
that's like textbook generic Republican
[ __ ] like you have the cheesy [ __ ]
music in the background and you're going
through all your dumbass talking points
I shoot skeet the [ __ ] does that have to
do with being a congressperson I'll tell
you what it has to do with being a
congressperson nothing but the reason
you say it is because you are being
politically correct to appease to your
base and you're doing it in the most
menial preposterous silly ways so as you
got your corny ass music in the
background and you talk about the [ __ ]
you do to just try to make people have a
Pavlovian response and vote for you you
say I'm politically incorrect by being a
hundred percent politically correct to
try to get votes in the most generic way
imaginable
so please you're not so these people
think I'm like oh I'm some sort of bold
iconoclast no you're not you're a
standard run-of-the-mill douchebag
Republican and by the way this is
exactly this is the congresswoman who
CNN would have on to debate Bill Nye
about climate science cuz you know
Marsha Blackburn chants genius on
climate science no she reads [ __ ]
Koch brothers and ExxonMobil talking
points and goes out there and does their
bidding so yeah I have zero love or
respect for Marsha Blackburn she's a
she's a hilariously silly person and she
built she belongs nowhere near power but
I just find it funny that uh the cheesy
musics playing in the background she's
talking about shooting skeet she's like
I'm politically incorrect then maybe you
would have not run the cheesiest ad ever
of your [ __ ] shitty music and talking
about shooting skeet okay
and then so here's the there's a
controversy over this and the
controversy is as follows
she says in that ad as you just heard I
stopped the sale of baby body parts
being done by Planned Parenthood now
here's a reality about that not only is
that a lie that's a malicious defamatory
lie so of course she's talking about
that so-called sting video it was a
far-right group that went into making
these videos trying to show Planned
Parenthood has some sort of genocidal
organization what was really happening
was there was the sale of fetal tissue
for research purposes - like you know
cure diseases now it is totally legal to
take fetal tissue and put it towards
research purposes to cure diseases and
the money that was discussed was about
shipping costs you're not allowed to
make a profit on selling fetal baby
parts for obvious reasons so the
so-called sale was just the discussion
of shipping costs to get the fetal parts
the fetal tissue to the lab to research
to cure diseases but of course these
people are malicious liars and they took
everything out of context and they made
it seem like you know Planned Parenthood
was selling baby parts for profit and so
in steps congressman Marsha Blackburn
who says I stopped the sale of baby
parts but that is totally miss stating
the facts of the situation and it's a
defamatory lie because again you're
feeding into this narrative this untrue
narrative that's been proven false a
thousand times over that Planned
Parenthood is selling baby parts it's
just not correct in fact there were
lawsuits over this and guess what the
people who made the video lost the
[ __ ] lawsuit Planned Parenthood you
know there was lawsuits involving
Planned Parenthood people who made the
video and people who made the video lost
the lawsuit because they lie and they
take [ __ ] out of context to try to make
a look
like Planned Parenthood's a genocide
organization and then by the way you
also have [ __ ] crazy far-right
terrorists who go in there and shoot up
Planned Parenthood's because they see
videos like this so it's a malicious lie
that leads to literal terror attacks and
congresswoman Blackburn goes out there
and repeats it and goes oh yes no I
stopped I stopped the sale of baby parts
well the sale of baby parts wasn't
[ __ ] happening there was discussion
of cost to get transportation so that
the fetal tissue could be used to
research curing diseases that's what was
told to the people at Planned Parenthood
they were lied to
and then the tape was taken out of
context to make it look like they were
talking about the sale for profit so she
lies repeats the lie a lie has been
proven in a court of law and guess what
as a result of this she was run she was
buying ads for this to run on Twitter
Twitter was like we're not gonna run
this [ __ ] ad we're not gonna run this
because you're [ __ ] this is this is a
brazen disgusting lie and we're in we
don't have to run whatever ad you tell
us to run we could decide we're a
private company we could say no we don't
want to run this because there's a lie
in there if you take out the part that's
alive and we'll run it and by the way
that's exactly what they said
take out the parts that that's the
brazen lie and then we'll and then we'll
run so it was taken down here I want to
read you what CBS says about this
Republican representative Marsha
Blackburn Senate campaign announcement
ad has been blocked by Twitter over a
statement the abortion rights opponent
makes about the sale of fetal tissue for
medical research Blackburn who was
running for the seat being opened by the
retirement of Tennessee senator bob
Corker okay so let me just pause for a
second um she's not running for
re-election in Congress she's running
now for bob Corker seat in the senate
cuz bob Corker stepping down anyway
let's continue boasts in the end that
she stopped the sale of baby body parts
a twitter representative told the
candidates vendors on monday that the
statement was deemed an inflammatory
statement that is likely to evoke a
strong negative reaction all right let
me pause no Twitter no that's not how
you describe it you don't describe it as
an inflammatory statement that is a lie
to evoke a strong negative reaction
because [ __ ] everything is an
inflammatory statement that's likely to
invoke a strong negative reaction in
this highly politicized world that we
live in so no that's not the reason why
you're pulling it down the reason why
you're pulling it down is what I just
stated that it is a malicious proven
defamatory lie that's the reason you're
taking it down don't water down your own
cause here and that's exactly what
they're doing oh it's an inflammatory
but no there's a million [ __ ]
statements that are inflammatory I'm
inflammatory on Twitter every day I'm
sure your inflammatory on Twitter every
day I say things that evoke a strong
negative negative reaction every day I'm
sure you do too so but that's not the
reason why one would take it down one
would take it down because it is a
literal defamatory lie that's a proven
lie that she's repeating and expecting
no consequences all right let's continue
Twitter said the Blackburn campaign
would be allowed to run the rest of the
video if the flag statement is omitted
while the decision keeps Blackburn from
paying to promote the video on Twitter
it doesn't keep it from being linked
from YouTube and other platforms okay so
in other words what they're saying is
Twitter's arguing look you want to pay
us to run the ad we're not going to run
the ad since it has that in there and we
have the right to make that choice to
make that decision but that doesn't mean
that you can't link to the YouTube video
or something on Twitter doesn't mean you
can't link to somewhere else that has
the video and put it in a tweet so
they're saying this is by no stretch of
the imagination censorship of course you
can you know link to it on Twitter
we're just saying you want to pay us to
run the ad we're not gonna run the ad
because it doesn't meet our standards
because there's a [ __ ] proven lie in
there that you know was in a court of
law
proven to be a lie so that's that's
what's happening here
now even having said all that I do think
this is a little scandalous because so
as you know and as I just made crystal
clear I'm not mincing words at all it is
a lie it's a proven lie it's a
disgusting lie it's a defamatory lie
it's as bad as it gets and should there
be accountability for it yeah I mean if
the [ __ ] if a pharmaceutical company
tries to sell a pill
and they say oh this cures cancer and it
doesn't cure cancer well guess what some
somebody's getting in trouble you can't
run that ad that's why every time you
see an ad on TV for a pill the side
effects may include diarrhea little so
they do all that because the FDA says
you have to list the side effect you
have to be accurate about it so but for
some reason for politics no you say
whatever the [ __ ] you want but then you
could just brazenly mislead people so
here at least we have a situation where
a private companies going no we're not
gonna [ __ ] let you come out here in
line but at the same time this does you
know open a can of worms this is a
slippery slope because then now you can
have nitpicking over any [ __ ]
political ad you know there are a
thousand ads that Donald Trump ran and
Hillary Clinton ran and every candidate
ran where they go well you know that
part right there's not true you know
you're stretching here here you're not
you're omitting an important part of the
picture and if you nitpick yes you could
basically find that everything is just
chock-full of lies
so I mean look if I'm Twitter as much as
it [ __ ] pains me because I know that
everything she's saying there is a lie
especially that literal defamatory lie I
still run the ad because I mean Annie
you show me definitely any Republican ad
I will immediately point out four or
five lies in the end and that's not an
exaggeration like I said they're you
they can't make a case without [ __ ]
lying so what you gonna do ban all
Republican ads banned seventy percent of
Democratic ads I just it just strikes me
as yes at the end of the day it is de
facto censorship even though this is a
case where you're like censoring and
there is a [ __ ] good reason so even
though it pains me I probably would run
the ad if I was in charge of Twitter but
let's also I just want everybody also
get the facts out there because don't
like I don't want people to make it look
like it's an open-and-shut case I'm like
oh it's just Twitter censoring
conservative voices really is
why they [ __ ] ran every other
Republican ad that has bought time no
it's not [ __ ] just censorship of
Republicans that's nonsense it's
nonsense to try to portray this as a
black-and-white issue and like oh they
just want to shut down and conserve no
it's got nothing to do with that or I'll
say would have censored every
conservative ad no this has to do with
there is a literal defamatory lie that
we know is a lie that's in there and
they say no we're not gonna be
responsible for spreading your malicious
garbage and again they can still link to
a different you know to YouTube or
anywhere else where the ad is you can
still link to that on Twitter so they're
gonna because here's what's happening
already Marsha Blackburn is playing the
victim
you know she's oh you're just wanna
center because I'm a strong conservative
woman and that is garbage that's the
same kind of like know how we talk about
mik feminism where you know it's fake
feminism like oh I guess you don't want
to vote for Hillary Clinton simply
because she's a woman this is a case of
Republicans doing make victimization
like oh I guess you don't want to run my
ad with multiple proven disgusting
defamatory lies I'm such a victim no
you're not a [ __ ] victim spare me
you're not a victim I would have run
your ads but I would have understood as
I'm doing it that there's a question as
to whether or not I should be running
them because for [ __ ] sake there is a
defamatory lie in there so I don't know
it's a difficult issue it's not a black
and white case but there you have it
I hope what happens is she actually
takes out that part and then fine
Twitter runs the ad but yes when
something is like proven in a court of
law to be a lie and you just repeat it
casually it would be nice if there were
[ __ ] consequences when there's that
big of a lie
now wouldn't there be
