what it do what it do [ __ ] how's my
volume level how's my volume level
where's my snare
I have no snare on my headphones I was
just watching that Chappelle's Show skit
yesterday fisticuffs
he can't hear he's like where's my snare
no I'm serious where's my snare I can't
hear turn it up turn it up I can't here
on my left headphone Chappelle show is
probably the greatest thing ever
69 viewers uh-huh uh that's a nice
number uh-huh okay this went live
quicker than usually usually there's
like a countdown
there wasn't a countdown this time um I
just went to the eye doctor and I can
now see for the first time in like a
year it is [ __ ] amazing how my
eyesight got like gradually worse and I
didn't even like I didn't realize it it
was uh it's just like creeped up on me
and then so I go to the eye doctor today
and dude gives me I get some some
contact some more contacts but dude
gives me a pair to wear out to like take
and holy [ __ ] it was like the first time
I'd seen in like a year I didn't realize
how horrible my eyes are and everybody
knows I play golf and it got to the
point where like I would hit a golf shot
I'd hit a drive and I'd have to be like
where'd that ball go I have no idea
where that went like I could see the
ball take off but then I couldn't see a
land and I'd always have to ask people
like where'd that end up it got to the
point where I could sit in my bed and I
would look at the time on the TV like
the little time thing and it would be
blurry and I would have to like squint
somebody says hey Kyle you got me to
create him I'm taking the green strain
now what kind do you use all strains
I'll use red they'll use green just
depends on my mood Green is more of an
uppy strain red is more of a downer
relaxing strain my go-to is probably tie
red vein um but I like all the strains
and by the way guys hold off for just a
little bit on the super chats I'm gonna
get to your super chats later but first
I want to talk about some stuff before
we get to the super chats okay so I made
a little list I made a little list for
yes okay so the first thing is I
actually have to tweet a pole for this
I'm gonna I'm gonna do a Twitter poll
here now I have mixed feelings on
political labels on the one hand I feel
like there's an over-reliance on labels
and when people only talk about labels
and annoys the [ __ ] out of me
I feel like Dave Rubin is a big offender
on this front like he loves his just
throw around labels and act like that
makes him an intellectual like I'm a
classical liberal and missus and you
know they'll pontificate on just labels
for an hour and it's like okay are you
gonna get to a point at any point so on
the one hand I think there's this over
reliance on labels but then on the other
hand they're necessary they're necessary
because when somebody tries to when
you're trying to sum up where somebody
falls on the political spectrum I hate
to burst everybody's bubble but you all
do fit into this some sort of a box now
you there are minor deviations here and
there but there is a political ideology
that most accurately describes or a
political label that most accurately
describes where you fall on the spectrum
now if you listen to my show you know
for a long time I've thrown around a few
different labels that I've you know I'm
relatively comfortable with and I think
are accurate when describing my beliefs
but they all have their downfalls so I
got to try to figure out how to word
this basically I want to ask what do you
like more as a descriptor like give your
somebody who watches this show and
you're inclined to agree with me on like
90% or more of the issues what do you
like as a descriptor so let me see how
should i phrase this
what political label is the most
accurate descriptor hmm how high-level
is what political label is the most
accurate descriptor I was gonna say if
you tend to agree with me but that
sounds kind of douchey what political
label is the most accurate descriptor
for you
I guess I'll put but then there's gonna
be right-wingers who are like none of
those and there's gonna be moderates who
are like none of those [ __ ] I put in
parentheses they're all similar
so this poll is for those all in this
place on the spectrum no hmm what
political label is the most accurate
descriptor for you anyway guys you're
the options I'm just gonna tell you them
here and then I'll figure out a way to
word it maybe you guys can help me word
it here but I want to put libertarian
left populist left and Social Democrat
those are the three which one do you
like most out of those three now how
should I word this what political label
is the most accurate descriptor for you
and then I put those three does that
sound like a good idea
somebody say it in the chat tell me what
you think about this Nazi communist
somebody put Nazi communists that was
good everybody's giving me their answer
to the question how should I word the
poll is my question
populist
left you guys aren't listening to me are
you
how should I word the poll that's the
question what political label is the
most accurate descriptor for you and
then put those three does that sound
good to you guys or is that not good
this was a bad idea Kyle you're the gay
frog I'm having too much fun with this
uh chat you guys are going too fast I
think I'm gonna have to put on the post
per minute thing
oh whatever let's see live control room
info and settings I'm such a noob even
though I've done this like a bunch of
times info and settings no no that's not
it what are you gonna do no big deal all
right I'm just wording it the way I put
it I think I worded it in a really
shitty way but I'm gonna go with that
and just see what you guys say which
political what political label is the
most accurate descriptor for you what
political label do you like the most I'm
going with that of these options boom
got it
alright populist left libertarian left
social [ __ ] I like this poll I like a
lot I'll do a two-hour poll what
political label do you like - most of
these options populist left libertarian
left Social Democrat okay I'm posting
this now so go vote in that Twitter poll
guys because I'm trying to I'm tired of
when somebody asked me hey where do you
fall on the spectrum what do you like
what would you describe yourself as I'm
tired of saying like all of those you
know what I mean like throwing all of
them out there and saying well I would
describe myself as this
but also kind of this and also kind of
this I want to I want to kind of settle
on one of those but they all have their
downfalls so here's why I don't like
just progressive okay I'm tired of it
I'm tired of it I think it's worn out I
think that it used to not have a
negative connotation to it and then now
over over the years it's it has somewhat
of a negative connotation to it maybe
some of that negative connotation is
deserved but some of it's not deserved
but I'm just tired of the word
progressive it just strikes me as like
it's just boring and stale and I don't
think it's a great descriptor because
there's a lot of variation among people
who describe themselves as progressive
so like they're progressives who I would
consider relatively authoritarian where
they don't have the same belief on
freedom of speech that I do and there
may be very big disagreements between me
and some other people who describe
themselves as progressive so I think
it's kind of like an old term now it's
an annoying term not only that
historically when you look at the term
progressive like the actual progressive
era in u.s. politics which started I
think in like the 1890s and went to like
the 1920s those progressives were not
all that progressive like for example
they were in favor of prohibition they
actually propped up segregation as the
status quo so like the original
progressives had some like massive
downsides and then now in the modern era
the definition has evolved but I'm just
not a fan of using that word because I
think it's so broad and so vague and
also just kind of stale and annoying and
old and I'm just tired of it so
progressive I'm leaving off because I
just don't like that I don't like
liberal either because liberal I think
is again is too vague but also now you
have people describing themselves as
classical liberals and that has you know
I don't want to be lumped in with that
group because I have massive
disagreements with many of the people
who describe themselves as classical
liberals and that's another label I
think is kind of tired and and way too
broad to encompass where I would fall on
the political spectrum
now there are downsides to the ones I
just tweeted though - okay and by the
way guys just for a little bit hold off
on on the super chats because I got a
bunch of stuff I want to talk about and
then I'll get to the super chats so the
downside of let's go let's go one by one
for each one
the downside of populist left that has
the least downside I think populism is
on the rise populism is something that I
think is very good now it is true that
there are right-wing populist also or at
least fake right-wing populist so maybe
that'll model you know muddy the waters
a little bit muddy is that a word
muddled muddy the waters whatever it is
and it might confuse some people but you
say left right after populist so I think
that's a relatively I think that's a
good descriptor I like I like the term
populist left I think that encompasses
where I fall on the political spectrum
pretty well libertarian left I also like
but I think the downside of libertarian
left is again when people hear
libertarians sometimes their brain will
shut off and they'll immediately think
you know like anarcho-capitalist and i
do not want anybody to affiliate
whatever i label myself as with
anarcho-capitalist I mean the
libertarian and libertarian left
obviously comes from being libertarian
on social issues and left on economic
issues but can people make that
distinction
I don't know now as far as social
democrat i feel like that's lacking that
descriptor leaves too much unsaid for
social issues I mean I know it's social
democrat but Italy it doesn't give
people a good understanding of where you
fall on social issues so somebody could
be a social democrat and when you hear
that you think of all the economic stuff
you think of okay therefore welfare
state ISM so therefore universal health
care and universal education but it
doesn't say much about you know where
they would fall on marijuana like
somebody could be in favor not in favor
of legalizing marijuana and be a social
democrat like that is possible you can
have social beliefs that are more in
favor of
and more in favor of order and hierarchy
and still be a social democrat released
I think you can you can fall in that
group like some of the I don't know all
the positions of the Social Democratic
parties in Scandinavia but my guess is
that if you go issue for issue I
actually wouldn't agree with them on
everything so I think that that that's a
term that's already you know it
generally describes where I fall on the
spectrum because I tend to agree with
them completely on economic issues or
overwhelmingly on economic issues but I
think it just leaves too much unsaid in
the other realm like social issues and
again that that's kind of the same with
populist left to like you here populist
left and you think more economics
there's still questions about well hey
where do they fall on social issues
where do they fall on abortion where
they fall in legalizing marijuana where
they fall on something like euthanasia
so it's a it's a it's a difficult
question and I've kind of gone back and
forth with where the exact term I would
want to use to describe myself now for
people who are familiar with the show
you already and it pretty much nowhere I
fall on most of the issues but I'm a
huge proponent of Medicare for all I'm a
huge proponent of free college I I think
we should have paid vacation time by law
I think we should have strong unions I
think we should have a living wage I
wouldn't describe myself as
post-capitalist though I mean I think
there are some ideas that flirt with
that realm like I like the idea of
worker owned co-op
everybody kind of makes the decision
democratically in the workplace but I
also wouldn't ban the traditional
hierarchy where you have an owner or a
boss and then people working under that
owner or boss because I think some
people do just want to clock in and do
their work and then leave and not
directly participate in a democratic
sense to run a company so I'm kind of in
favor of both in that sense worker owned
cooperative myself as totally post
capitalist I do think social democracy
and the Scandinavian model is the best
it the best systems we have in the world
right now and I think that's empirically
proven but I just struggle with exactly
how
I would if somebody asked me and I have
to give one label hey where would you
fall I don't know I think I think I lean
towards the one that's losing right now
so far there's been over a thousand
votes and twenty-three percent say
populist left twenty four percent say
libertarian left and fifty three percent
say social democrat so social democrat
is kind of crushing I think I personally
lean towards using populist left because
that's not I think that's more original
than any of the others and it also I
think does probably best explain where I
fall because populist is okay so what is
popular what do the people want and when
you go through the opinion polls it's on
almost every issue that I'm with the
majority at least of the American people
but I'm sure if you looked at polls from
other developed countries I'm right
smack dab in the middle of them as well
because I mean maybe there's a few
issues where that's not the case like I
don't I'm not in favor the death penalty
because oftentimes we kill the wrong
people four percent of the time I think
that poll the death penalty is under
fifty percent in the US so maybe that's
an example of one area where I'm
actually not populist I'm against the
majority but on almost every issue I'm
right smack dab in the middle so I'm
very curious what you guys are gonna say
here I mean it looks like you're it
almost looks it done already because
Social Democrat is fifty two percent I'm
a little surprised by that to be honest
because Social Democrat is already like
it's already a thing and it's also a
little broad I like populist left
because it's not it's kind of like a new
phenomenon like a new label people are
using like there was a time when if you
said populist it was almost always
right-wing but I like the idea of
populist left because we actually are
populist
and we are on the left and nobody really
uses that or that's a modern thing if
anybody uses it it's very recent that
people started using populist and left
together so anyway that's my random
spiel on on labels I've been thinking
about that a lot lately what exactly
what's the most accurate way
to describe where I fall if I had to
give a quick you know just one flat
label and then of course there's the
democratic socialism issue which is you
guys are well familiar with it we've
we've spoken about it quite a bit on the
show lately Bernie Sanders kind of
[ __ ] it all up now didn't he he really
did he went out there and he called
himself a Democratic Socialist when you
actually look at Bernie's positions he's
not a Democratic Socialist he's not a
traditional Democratic Socialist he
doesn't believe in a post-capitalist
philosophy he believes in the Nordic
system the Scandinavian system he's a
standard Social Democrat but since he
described himself as a Democratic
Socialist what happened is a lot of
other people started doing that too and
now she's too far gone now Democratic
Socialist means traditional Democratic
Socialist and also Social Democrat so
and and I understand that and I accept
that I understand that there's no way
that I alone or myself and like three
other people can fight back against this
giant wave like that train already left
the station it's over on that front but
it is kind of a shame it is kind of a
shame I mean don't get me wrong I think
the right people on the far right would
smear us anyway but I think it did make
it easier for them to smear us because
now you have you know all this
conflation with well I guess you believe
in Venezuela I guess you believe in
whatever the Soviet Union I guess you
believe in Cuba because the actual
textbook definition for democratic
socialism if somebody is a traditional
democratic socialist it actually is a
socialist philosophy it's a
post-capitalist philosophy and so it
makes it easy for people on the right to
act like you are totally outside of the
mainstream and you're totally beyond the
opinions of the American people and you
are genuinely radical and so it's easy
for them to smear people on the left
like oh all of you are post capitalists
simply because Bernie adopted a label
democratic socialist that is
traditionally post capitalist even
though he's not post capitalist so it's
um that's an
is not going to be resolved the only
thing that drives me nuts though and I
have to say this is that people have
nowt on the right have have taken this
and used it as in opportunity to smear
the [ __ ] out of people who are just
Social Democrats you know and the only
way to fight back against that is to
accurately point out that no you're
wrong in in saying that this particular
person even though they described
himself as a Democratic Socialist has a
post-capitalist philosophy yeah and
again this gets back to the whole issue
with labels to begin with that's why
it's more important to listen to exactly
what people say on the issues than
anything else you know and that's why
labels can be misleading because
somebody could call himself like I
brought this fact up a million times but
did you know Bernie Sanders during the
primary he actually beat Hillary Clinton
among self-described conservative
Democrats now you're probably thinking
that's the most ridiculous thing I've
ever heard Hillary is just a fact that
Hillary is more conservative than Bernie
that's right it is a fact Hillary's more
conservative than Bernie
so then how did Bernie win among more
conservative Democrats because people
don't know dick about labels they call
themselves conservative but then when
you go through the issues they turn out
to be pretty far left or populist left
and so that that's one of those things
men like I when you ask the American
people most American has described
themselves as moderately conservative
but then when you go issue for issue you
find out that they're actually not even
