the goofballs over at FoxNews want to
talk to us about evidence for God check
it out Rodrigo Duterte has defied anger
the Catholic Church and Christians
worldwide after he said he wouldn't quit
if someone could prove to him that God
exists hello and welcome to spirited
debate I'm Lauren Green Duterte has been
in office just two years but critics say
he has become isolated at home and
abroad in part because of his spat with
the church he not only defied the
existence of God but used expletives to
describe the god of the judeo-christian
Bible so is it worth taking up the
tortoise challenge or should he just be
ignored and here with his thoughts is
dr. alex macfarlane author director of
christian worldview North Greenville
University welcome Alex well thank you
Lauren it's good to be with you well I
hear that does since then the turkey has
actually apologized to God but I'm
interested in just in you first what
your reaction to all this is well you
know he's not the first person that's
been on record sort of uh denigrating
God or slamming God you know fifty years
ago John Lennon of the Beatles had to
make a Maher culpa for saying the biddle
Beatles are bigger than Jesus and then I
don't know 25 years ago or so Ted Turner
said we need to get rid of the Ten
Commandments and have the ten
suggestions or ten voluntary initiatives
and then there was pushback but at at
one point the President of the
Philippines there said God or the idea
of God was stupid but I just read in
prepping for this interview that he's
apologized to God and if that be the
case I'm glad to hear it and hope it was
sincere well maybe he just got a sudden
sense of pragmatism because you know the
Philippines is a largely Catholic nation
and him has as head of state what's not
showing a lot of sanity and talking
disparagingly about God well yeah I mean
that's a pretty counterproductive I
would think that if your constituency
loves the Lord then you you better not
maybe you don't love the Lord but at
least you don't want to slam the the
Savior that they believe in but here's
what he said it was interesting in his
apology to God he said I want to be
clear I'm apologizing to God and no one
he said but the god I believe in my god
is all forgiving and and - that - he or
anyone I would say that is true God is
all forgiving but we have to come to God
humbly the Bible tells us that if we
will turn to Jesus Christ and say Lord
I'm sorry for my sins and I thank you
that you paid for my sins on the cross
that Christ will forgive he can be
forgiven duarte or I was I found that
forgiveness at 21 and so this is a
message that we all need to hear that
that God is all forgiving but we have to
come to him humbly and repentantly well
why don't we ask you a question because
he brings up the question though but
can't can anyone prove that God exists
in a sense in other words question is
you know what proof is there that if
there's a God he would give you proof
that he exists you know it really
becomes this deep philosophical question
and even though he is apologized the
questions to lose out there is it
possible to have an objective standard
to prove that God exists I think it
absolutely is and we have to qualify
what people mean by proof if they mean a
mathematical proof like we could
determine at what temperature steel
melts or something like that
no but you can't mathematically prove
that George Washington crossed the
Delaware but in in terms of what's
called a statistical proof or the
preponderance of evidence God is an
absolutely logical likely inference
creation had to have a creator design
had to have a designer the the moral law
came from a moral lawgiver so when you
look at all that we know about life the
most logical inference and admission is
there is an all-powerful creator a
supernatural eternal God that is beyond
this timely world a timeless God and
creator so I would say yes it is
possible to prove God not in the sense
of a mathematical theorem but in a most
logical conclusion based on all the
observable evidence yeah no okay where
do I begin with this one
so first of all I love what outrageous
people I mean it was probably duterte is
carrying out a genocide of drug sellers
drug users so you would think that that
would get the bulk of the ire from the
media like oh my goodness he's openly
talking about how regular people should
kill drug users in the street about how
you know people should kill their
siblings their their loved ones if
they're drug users and okay if you don't
have the heart to do it well then just
let the cops do it so and the body count
is ticking up man thousands of people
have been murdered in this drug
crackdown this anti drug crusade and by
the way he's also accused of being
addicted to fentanyl the strongest
opioid on the planet so as a guy is
taking drugs and the strongest drug he's
acting like Oh drugs are evil and drugs
are bad and we kill people for doing
drugs so duterte is a menace and I have
zero love for duterte but the thing
about all I'll quit if you prove to me
God exists I'm sure it was an offhanded
comment
I'm sure Duterte is an atheist not an
atheist because he's an intellectual and
he actually you know thought about it
and you know read about the topic no I'm
sure he's an atheist in the same way
that you know my friends uncle is an
atheist which is like he's angry at the
world for whatever reason he's just like
there can't be a god because I don't I'm
not a happy person there are there are
atheists like that I think we all have
to admit that even though I I'm somebody
who's not religious I'm somebody who's
an atheist but yeah I see different
kinds of atheists I see atheists who are
atheists because they're intellectuals
and I see atheists who are atheist
because it's just like they're angry at
what they thought was a god and so
they're like well God might must not
exist because I'm just not happy so he
strikes me as that kind of a person he's
just like an angry dude and so he's like
yeah if you prove God to me I'll step
down that's an easy side thing to say
and just throw it out there because you
know nobody's gonna prove it to you
because it there isn't a god or at the
very least there's no evidence for a God
so
I love how that triggers the media
because as I uh
look how arrogant this guy is stating
things that are totally accurate it's
like that's not I mean what an on bet to
make like okay prove God to me and I'll
step down
nobody ously nobody's gonna prove that
it's not even a cut a comment worth
commenting on
so they mentioned how you know oh
there's all these examples of people who
have made similar statements and there
was a backlash who was it the Beadle
said they're bigger than Jesus
yeah that's I'm saying we're really
really big it's not them putting down
Jesus although he's acting like you was
interpreted that way
I believe it probably was interpreted
that way or Ted Turner Oh get rid of the
Ten Commandments listen man that
shouldn't even be controversial if you
were to make a list of ten things that
people should never do that list is like
at least half wrong I pulled them up
while he was talking there you shall
have no other gods before me is one of
the commandments
okay strike one you're out that on the
list if you're making a list of ten
things you should never do that doesn't
make the list you shall have no other
gods before me is the first one you
shall not make for yourself an idol so
don't do idol worship why why some
people when they're growing up they look
at their dad if their dad is a strong
you know figure and provides and teaches
them about life yeah that's my idol my
dad why there's nothing wrong with if
you're a musician and you know whatever
you like we just mentioned the Beatles
if you're a musician oh my god I idolize
the Beatles I want to be like them
people get inspiration from all types
thing what's wrong with that cuz their
idols not God and that's bad it's just
so weird that doesn't make a list of the
10 most important things don't misuse
the name of Lord your God oh please are
we [ __ ] serious and we're three in
and none of them have been good yet
remember the Sabbath day by keeping it
holy for four of them wouldn't make the
list of the ten most important things
honor your mother and father wrong what
if your mother and father were [ __ ]
murderers what if they're lowlife drug
addicts who never took care of you and
you were raised by your grandma what
about that what about that so stupid
okay here we go finally one that's real
and we're on the sixth one don't murder
you
yes that would make the list of the 10
most important things don't commit
adultery that wouldn't make the list of
the 10 most important things you
shouldn't do it but you know hey child
rape should be on that list and it's not
rape in general should be on that list
it's not slavery should be on that list
don't do slavery it's not on the list
but they did find time to say you know
don't do adultery don't steal ok good
you shall not give false testimony
against your neighbor ok you shall not
covet anything that belongs to your
neighbor don't [ __ ] your neighbor's wife
I think is that one but dude listen come
on man come on the Ten Commandments are
totally outdated they're not a list of
the 10 most important things you
shouldn't do just because a few of them
are good like don't murder and don't
steal people like well obviously that's
the list of the things you should never
do coming straight from God know if it
was straight from God 10 out of 10 would
be the things you definitely shouldn't
do now now let's get to the meat of it
though he says well is it possible to
prove God it's not mathematically
provable ok thank you that's correct
it's not but it is statistically
provable what if you look at the
preponderance of the evidence what
evidence what are you talking about son
and then he says well you know hey the
design had to have a designer listen
here's the deal
that argument falls apart just by doing
a little bit of logical deduction so ok
in order for everything to look so
intricate and in order for everything
that seems so complex I mean look I have
an eye my eye is capable of seeing
what's out there in the world so what my
eye must be so complex and it's so
designed that it must have a designer or
else my eye wouldn't function properly
so the reason why that's [ __ ] is any
God that would have done would have had
the ability to do all of this creation
all of this designing make all of this
complain
city that God by definition would have
to be way more complex than this world
the designer has to be way more complex
than the thing that they designed but
then that begs the next question who
designed the designer so if something
this complex had to be designed okay
well then we had a designer but that
designer was also complex in fact even
more complex than us so who designed the
designer and then who designed the
designer of the designer if complex
things need to have a designer then
that's a never-ending chain backwards of
somebody had to design the designer and
then somebody had to design the designer
of the design and then somebody had to
and so on and so forth so that's not an
argument that's not an argument because
if you're actually what they're doing is
and they don't realize it but what
they're doing is scrapping one question
and replacing it with an even harder
question see they think that's an answer
that's not an answer it's the lack of an
answer because you just proposed an even
harder question if something complex
needs a designer well then our designers
even more complex than us so who
designed the designer so now listen I'm
I don't know I don't know the nature of
the universe
I don't know how everything is the way
it is I'm not a [ __ ] genius over here
I just know that what this guy saying is
[ __ ] and I think on some level he
knows it's [ __ ] and if he didn't
know was [ __ ] show him this clip and
by the end of it if he's being honest
with himself he'll know that what he
said there was [ __ ] and the final
point is and this actually is funny that
I'm covering us today because I just had
a run-in with ben shapiro on twitter
about this a few days ago he tweeted
something so ariana grande released a
goofy song like god is a woman or
there's no evidence for God and why are
we even talking about God let's not talk
about a wizard in space that's my song
no Wizards in space no Jigglypuff in
space there's my song Arianny like that
sing that one for me okay so she
releases a song called God is a woman
silly whatever I didn't listen to it I
don't care
ben shapiro takes that song and he you
know tweeted some hashtag and he doesn't
know how to do the hashtags properly
when you do a long hashtag you got to
capitalize the beginning of each letter
or else it gets lost he said something
like god is you know outside of the is
real and outside of the realm of space
and time or something like that and then
i responded him and said what happened
to fax over feelings he's the guy I care
about fax over her explaining in a tweet
about God is outside of the [ __ ]
realm we know of but he's definitely
there
that's not fact that's your feeling so
that's what this guy said he goes well
we the preponderance of the evidence
suggests that God is beyond this world
there's literally no way you can know
that because beyond this world is by
definition beyond the world so you're in
the world
you're not beyond the world so to say
like oh gods beyond the world you don't
[ __ ] know what do you dude listen the
only intellectually honest positions are
agnostic and atheist okay agnostic is
just somebody who gives us straight-up
flat out I don't know I don't know I
don't know
atheist is somebody who says I don't
know but I haven't seen any evidence of
therefore I'm going to might I'm going
to default to no those are the only two
intellectually honest positions if you
deviate from that you're lying to
yourself to yourself it's not about me
it's not about anybody else it's about
you though you're lying to yourself if
you do that so anyway that's my long
segment here but Fox News talking about
God in 2018 and doing this thing where
they're pretending to be serious well it
may not be mathematically proven well
but the preponderance of the evidence
suggested it's statistically possible
maybe
[ __ ] off [ __ ] off that's not you're not
making any sense and you probably know
it on some level
