Jordan Peterson and Matt Dillahunty had
a discussion or it might be a debate
recently I'm not sure which it is there
was an event and they were both in it
and the needle drop Anthony Fontenot
tweeted this video I want to share with
you for those you who don't know Matt
Dillahunty is from the Atheist
experience which i think is a local show
in Houston is it I think it's somewhere
in Texas and it's a an atheist call-in
show it's pretty interesting show I like
the format of it where they just kind of
shoot the [ __ ] with whoever calls and
they discuss issues of theism deism
atheism and stuff like that and of
course Jordan Peterson is now and now
everybody knows who Jordan Peterson is
he's a guy who kind of rose to fame
online and kind of defines himself in
this anti social justice warrior way so
he's he's made a very lucrative career
out of going after the goofy
authoritarian kids on college campuses
who like 2d platformer people and censor
people and whatnot but he also kind of
links in along with that aspect of his
ideology he's also kind of like a
self-help guru if you will like he has
this book 12 rules for life and you get
this sense that he's he's a self-help
guru kind of character and he also mixes
in pretty conservative politics along
with a religious worldview so that's why
this clip is interesting because you get
a sense of how Jordan Peterson really
thinks so here's Jordan Peterson - Matt
Dillahunty talking about the issue of
God they would be afraid of what we
would lose if we lost religion and I
basically said demonstrate to me any
benefit oh you'd lose art and poetry and
drama and narrative are there are there
no godless artists and poets there are
artists and poets who think they're
godless so we might have crossed over
into a problem area yes
I don't actually I can't draw for crap
although I do draw during the show but
one of the individuals who came to the
show the other night handed me something
that she had spent a great deal of time
drawing she's a wonderful artist I'm
very grateful to get it and you know
while I pretend to read minds onstage I
constantly acknowledge that I can't
actually read minds so I can't tell you
whether or not she actually believes in
a God but I can tell you that I actually
don't believe in a God and I could read
yeah coach for you huh buddy act like
you do that's why you didn't say I'm off
the stage no now you're making a claim
okay so I'm telling you I don't believe
there's a god and your response to that
is I really do because I have a moral
sense but my moral sense is utterly
without any appeal to a god explicitly
or implicitly see what's interesting
about a guy like Jordan Peterson is that
he's managed to take these arguments
that you know you go back five years ago
or eight years ago online and basically
the entire online community was unified
against shitty points like this the idea
that oh you're an atheist and your moral
well then you just think you're an
atheist because really you believe in
God on some level and that's why you're
acting in a moral way you know if this
is an argument that was presented by Ken
Ham which by the way it is he's made
that point before if it's an argument
presented by Ray Comfort by the way it
is he's made that argument before if it
was an argument put forth by any
creationist type character or religious
character the entire internet would you
know spread their ass cheeks and [ __ ]
all over the face of the argument and
say you are that's the stupidest thing
I've ever [ __ ] heard but you know
Jordan Peterson has this remarkable
ability to garner a giant crowd and
following to his arguments even when he
crosses the line
into the fundamentally absurd and that's
what this is and you know naturally
there's gonna be a thousand people who
who come to this segment and say oh I'm
mischaracterizing him or I don't
understand his argument or whatever the
case is listen man you go back and
listen that as many times as you want
you could take as much context into it
as you want
at no point does it start to make more
sense so his point is no if you act in a
moral ethical way you you by definition
or not an atheist you on some level are
a believer in God and a Christian God at
that so you believe in Yahweh and Jesus
in order to act in this moral sense
listen if you can't see the flaws in
that argument then you you're not as
bright as you think you are let's put it
that way because that's that's a non
falsifiable claim so in other words it
if somebody says to Jordan Peterson um
I'm religious and that person acts in a
moral way he'll go great then your moral
because you're religious but if somebody
says to Jordan Peterson I'm
non-religious and they act in a moral
way he goes great that's because you're
actually religious whether or not you
know it sin there's there's nothing that
can disprove that claim which is
fundamentally absurd because that means
you hold it as an axiomatic truth you
hold it up as a claim of this by its
very nature cannot be argued against so
no amount of empirical evidence no
amount of data doesn't matter how much
somebody insists on what they believe to
him he knows what you believe better
than you know what you believe you know
that that idea if it's ever used against
him everybody would rightly say oh my
god you're strong Manning Jordan
Peterson but if he tells you would you
believe they're like no on some level he
knows better than you do about what you
believe no he doesn't so I do not
believe in God and I never would ever
murder somebody ever think about
and murdering somebody would never
assault somebody would never rape
somebody would never steal and he says
well that has to be grounded in a
Christian metaphysics in order for you
to believe that's on some level you've
bought into the Christianity no or
number one my natural inclination is to
not do those things because something on
a very gut visceral innate level feels
wrong with that and this before I ever
had any teachings of Christianity
something felt wrong about that so
there's an innate moral structure to
begin with but on top of that now that
I'm an adult and I've thought through
these issues I can give you reasons why
I act this way without making any
appeals to you know zombie Jewish
carpenters in the sky so you know in my
mind
morality really manifests itself as a
mixture of in my mind the golden rule is
one thing I see the the fundamental
logic of the golden rule I see how it's
a rational way to act in the world
I don't want to treat other people as I
wouldn't like to be treated
now that is decoupled from any religious
conception of the Golden Rule the idea
of the golden rule existed before
religions existed because it's a way to
go along to get along in society to make
everything go smoothly and to make it so
that there's no I'm not creating
unnecessary threats to my own life and
again I'm also not treating other people
as I wouldn't want to be treated there's
something about that that it just on its
face is a common sense position it's a
it's a reasonable thing to do and it is
an ethical thing to do and you could
tell because it does the least amount of
harm to the most people so there's some
mix of utility version of utilitarianism
mixed in with the idea of the Golden
Rule you know mixed in with this idea of
human rights that strikes me as what
morality is and what ethics are and you
don't need to make appeals to the
supernatural in order to believe this
way and act this way in the world and in
fact many other people have made the
argument and I think there's some truth
in this
that if anything the scarier thing
it's what jordan peterson is alluding to
the idea that oh you need to act moral
because there's a god so if you ask
somebody hey why are you not rampaging
and murdering people and their answer is
simply because I'm afraid of the
punishment my sky daddy will give me
when I die well then that's actually a
terrible reason to not that's a terrible
reason to act morally because what
you're saying is me acting morally is
solely contingent on the the space daddy
metaphorically spanking me in the
afterlife me going to hell and burning
forever well then the obvious problem
arises what if you're not what if there
is no space daddy and they are not gonna
[ __ ] punish you in the afterlife
which is the reality there is no space
daddy there's not gonna punch you in the
afterlife well the implication is
obviously I would probably rape and
pillage and [ __ ] steal and act
immorally
in that scenario if you tell me there's
no God what reason is there to act good
so that's what's scary somebody who the
only thing holding them back from acting
in an immoral fashion is this idea of
this non-existent being that's scary
that's somebody you don't want to hang
out with you know but I think I think
most people even if they are religious
and you talk to them they go yeah even
if there isn't a God so in other words
even if on some level they're agnostic I
would still act in this way where I
treat other people like I want to be
tweeted a treat tweeted I treat other
people like I want to be treated because
it's fundamentally the the rational
thing to do the logical thing to do the
right thing to do and all you need to do
is understand the the fundamental
principle of treating others as you
would like to be treated to get that you
know to not do unnecessary harm in the
world and inflict pain on people is
enough for me I understand that negative
emotions are are terrible and so I
wouldn't want to inflict negative
emotions on other people because then
I'm adding to the net harm in the world
and the hurt in the world and life's
hard enough as is without my dumbass
adding to somebody else's pain but to
him it's like all this [ __ ] is like that
doesn't strike him as a compelling
enough reason to act moral to him you
need to invoke metaphysical [ __ ] and
listen if you still want to defend him
on some level just take out his appeals
to you know God in a deist accent's or
in the Christian sense that theistic
Christian sense and add in [ __ ] Vishnu
or add in Allah you know which means God
by the way but add in the notion of
Islam like imagine it's easy to imagine
in an Islamic scholar saying well no you
need Islam to be moral it's just as
stupid this what Jordan etirsa sin is
saying is just as stupid as an Islamic
scholar saying you need Islam to be
moral so any does he really believe that
if you get rid of or you really lose art
poetry and drama and narrative as he
calls it if you get rid of rid of
religion because that's what he argued
he just said that if you get rid of if
you get rid of religion you get rid of
art poetry karma and narrative or drama
not karma I'd my chicken scratched here
I mean again that would easily be
disproven by pointing to all the
non-religious brilliant artists that
existed but then he reverts to no they
just think they're non-religious they're
not actually non-religious I mean that
she's really sad and dumb I don't know
how else to respond to it just take
people at their [ __ ] word men take
them at their word don't think you know
better than they do because frankly you
don't you don't way before I ever got
any religious teaching whatsoever I have
felt on some level that acting certain
ways is wrong and immoral and unethical
and so there's much more evidence in my
mind for innate moral principles an
innate moral structure in human beings
and
the the the Chomsky argument of and he
proved this with language which adds
even more credence to the argument my
opinion but the idea is just like your
eye is it's a biological entity you know
and there you have the preconditions to
have an eye and your eye has capacities
and it has limits but the eye is
something that's in your genetic
structure and by the same token just
like any other body bodily system
biological system develops over time
morality is no different just because
morality is not something you can touch
you know oh you could touch somebody's
arm so you know it's an arm you can
touch somebody's foot or somebody's hair
well just because morality is not
something you could touch doesn't mean
that there's not an innate moral
structure and again the reason why this
is so compelling to me is because he
proved that in language the idea used to
be you're a lump of clay and you know
you well the way you learned to speak is
simply by absorbing the words around you
from everybody else and then as you grew
up you could piece together the words
that you learn from other people and
string together sentences well it turns
out that's not true because kids are
able to string together much more
complex sentences than things they had
ever heard before so if you're able to
to basically structure a sentence even
in when there's a lack of knowledge or
the words necessary well then that shows
that there's something else at play here
it's not just that you absorb from your
environment and regurgitate that proves
there's an innate structure for language
and language again is also something you
can't touch language but it's a
biological system by the same token
morality you can't touch more Allie but
it's a biological system so there's
capacities and there's limits and you
know sometimes there are aberrations and
people who do get some sort of sick
pleasure out of murdering people but
it's exactly that
[ __ ] aberration the overwhelming
majority people do not feel on a casual
Sunday night like oh it would be the
right thing to do to go [ __ ] bash
somebody's head in with a sledgehammer
so in my mind there's a tremendous
amount more evidence of an innate
morality in an eight morality or ethical
code than there is for this idea that in
order to act rational in order to act in
a moral way you need appeals to old
fairy tales from thousands of years ago
and I haven't even brought up the fact
that in the those books that he's
referencing in all these religious books
they don't just teach good things you
could take a fifth-grader sit them down
and say come up with their list of 10
things you should never any human being
should never do and that fifth-grader
will come up with the better list than
what the [ __ ] Ten Commandment says
because the Ten Commandments includes
honor your mother and father what if
they're your mother and father are bad
people written they're [ __ ] and
they've abused you and they raped you
like what if that was the case you know
don't make images to other gods that's
gonna be on your list of top 10 10
things to never do and then there's rape
in the Bible there's [ __ ] slavery in
the Bible there's genocide in the Bible
they give they give exact instructions
on how you're supposed to treat your
slaves so the idea that in order for a
human being to act in a way that's moral
and in order to create beautiful art and
poetry and drama the idea that you need
a [ __ ] contradictory massively
contradictory book from the Bronze Age
in order to act that way is frankly
absurd and you know this is what you're
in Peterson does he sprinkles in a bunch
of things that make sense
but then he slips in you know his own
political and religious ideology at the
same time and usually his political and
religious stuff is just almost standard
run-of-the-mill conservative opinion
[ __ ] just like Bill O'Reilly you're just
like Sean Hannity so even though in
don't get me wrong he's much smarter
than those guys there's no doubt about
that but he's equally
wrong on these points as would be a guy
like Bill O'Reilly so don't get it
twisted and don't sell your mind to a
charlatan because you agree with other
aspects of what he might say
