so Ben Shapiro and Alex Jones have been
sniping at each other on social media
and it's awesome I've been having a hard
time determining who I dislike more it's
it's a tough one you got to sit down and
think about it and I'm still not sure I
have a conclusion on that as to who I
dislike more but I do think I know who
you know got the better in this exchange
I think that's pretty straightforward
so let me explain the backstory and then
I have to show you the clip of Alex
Jones melting down on air over this so
Alex tweeted the following Ben Shapiro
crawls out from under his thought police
Rock to tell real Candice Owens and
Kanye West they shouldn't come on my
show shocking authoritarianism maybe
they should make Ben the head of the
Democratic Party
so what ben shapiro tweeted was
apparently kanye west or alex jones or
something like that tweeted Oh Kanye is
gonna be on my show like Alex Jones
tweeted that and ben shapiro tweeted
like no kanye no no and i find that
funny for a variety of reasons but most
importantly is like well why do you care
where kanye goes it's not like he's
doing well without going on Alex Jones
Show you know what I mean like he's he's
already been really erratic and saying
preposterous things the politics aside
even if you take away every political
tweet he ever made he's saying erratic
like stupid [ __ ]
so for Ben to be like no don't go on
aand Alex Jones Show it's like why what
rep he's not trying to save a reputation
or anything he's already been saying
stupid [ __ ] he'd just be saying stupid
[ __ ] alongside Alex Jones so it's like
who cares it's almost like bench piers
like no you just recently turned
conservative don't go conservative and
conspiratorial conservative stay
conservative and like mainline
conservative like me ben shapiro at
least that's the sense i get from what
ben shapiro was saying when he said no
no
like what's implied in that he's saying
no because it's like Kanye you were
doing so well but now you're turning
conspiratorial yeah Kanye is doing
really well without going on Alex Jones
Show it's like what
so Shapiro responds to Alex Jones dude
they shouldn't come on your show because
you are awful
have I been unclear about this in any
way then Alex Jones tries to take a page
at a trumps playbook you know how Trump
assigns people like nicknames and stuff
Alex Jones response to Shapiro since
hash tag tiny ben shapiro thinks he can
control who can come on my show as
guests and who can't I challenge him to
debate me on one of his platforms or on
mine he can name the place date and time
and if he doesn't he's a neocon coward
just like Glenn Beck
so then Shapiro responds by saying no
I'm not gonna debate you and here's just
a few of the reasons why and Shapiro
tweets links that show us how Alex Jones
pushed pizza gate and Alex Jones pushed
how Sandy Hook is a hoax and he you know
9/11 was an inside job and all this
stuff so basically this is Shapiro
saying listen man you have less than no
credibility so [ __ ] right off I have no
interest in wasting my time with you and
then Jones in again in trumpian fashion
responds and says oh look Ben Shapiro is
now tweeting out fake news clippings
from mainstream media to defend his call
for me to be banned from the internet
what you truly are following in the
steps of Glenn Beck then Shapiro
responds on the contrary I want you to
remain on the Internet
so we can all see your crazy firsthand
so listen I don't
again I despise both these guys but when
Jones says oh you're tweeting out fake
news clippings from the mainstream media
Alex you believed Sandy Hook was a hoax
I've played a clip back to back to back
to back to back and I only played like a
third of it but it's countless examples
of you saying yeah Sandy Hook is a hook
is a hoax Shapiro also tweeted out one
of the quotes of
Alex Jones saying about how the
chemicals in the water turning the Frog
gay and [ __ ] it's like dude stop trying
to be a weasel and get your way out of
it like on the fact that you said that
[ __ ] Alex Jones has a lot of just wacky
wild [ __ ] and then when people like
quote him or push back on it he's like
no you're misstating what I said no he's
not [ __ ] misstating it I despised ben
shapiro and often times he does miss
state [ __ ] all the [ __ ] time you miss
state [ __ ] but when you when he tweets
something that says you're a [ __ ]
sandy hook truther that's a goddamn fact
now since there's been threats of a
lawsuit if not an actual lawsuit he now
has softly backpedaled from that but
there were countless quotes of him
saying effectively Sandy Hook is a hoax
so I don't I hate to like Shapiro points
out things that Alex Jones believes and
he's accurate about that or thinks he
said and he's being accurate about that
and then Jones is like your fake news
it's not fake news it's not fake news
it's not fake news it's not fake news
it's not fake news and then he just
makes up like Shapiro wants me banned
from the internet he didn't [ __ ] say
that you just said it he didn't say that
so it's it Jones is even more erratic
than Kanye like Kanye says erratic [ __ ]
but Jones is like I'm gonna one-up that
I'm gonna 3-up that where's the cocaine
what oh did I say that out loud sorry I
retract my previous statement do I
really I don't know um so after all that
back and forth Alex Jones is [ __ ]
seething and anger because keep it real
Ben Shapiro got the best of him in that
exchange
I think that's cleared clear to see so
Alex goes on his show and just
absolutely loses it and goes super
unhinged watch Ben Shapiro the unmade
man
none of these so-called fake
conservatives can ever launch a company
they've always got billionaires
financing them which isn't a bad thing
but we're the only outfit self-made no
one else in media except Matt drudges
self-made no one Matt Drudge and in
fours at this level no one else Matt
Drudge and in fours that's it now think
about that
they say Ben Shapiro is buying the place
no Texas billionaires that he's
carpetbag down here to get are trying to
do it I think I'm gonna call those
billionaires and warn those guys I know
years ago I thought love people contact
me and I ever got back as I'm a I'm on
funding my own operation here that's my
mission
but if Shapiro really wants to get in my
business down here in Texas try to move
down here we already exposed back as a
fake he's out of business he's pretty
much closed shop he's gonna reach
Imperials website almost every comment
can't stand him and hates him
cuz it's this whole act of Howie's
intellectual and he's this genius and
he's this wizard and he knows everything
and then almost every comment I'm gonna
show you later hate his guts
and say oh you're so intellectual you
use terms like alex is awful
and of course won't debate me and why am
i mad because Glenn Beck got in my
business with radio stations and would
keep me off here I talked to many
station owners and managers where they
were threatened to not be on their
station and do all the stuff of if I
wasn't taking off and now you're in my
business again trying to tell people on
call my show I'm about to get your
business big-time you little arrogant
son of a [ __ ] now go back to California
go back to Los Angeles where you came
from wait till I go talk to those
billionaires they're good Christian men
seventh-day Adventist pastors and lay
out how you and Jordan Peter so you
think I'm stupid cuz I'm from Texas wait
till I go explain to those self-made men
that you aren't as a self-made Texan
myself how you and others in the Atheist
movement are taking control of the whole
conservative movement and that's why the
left puts Peterson and all you guys on
TV and doesn't censor you with a whole
atheist bent and the whole know Christ
isn't God thing all of that how did you
convince Texas Christians
sit there and prop up blend back in now
you you don't think I don't know
everything about you bro
and now you're trying to sucker them to
buy the failed garbage blaze you can't
make anything you parasite get behind me
Satan we should pray for Ben Shapiro to
find Christ is this whole act of how
smart he is is he just sits there greens
off and teleprompter and plagiarizes
people in my view so you're in my
business Shapiro I'm in your business
now I might just go drive up the Cisco
this weekend take a few army officers
with me have a conversation with with
the billionaire's that are financing you
maybe show them some files Shapiro what
that think you do I think I'll do it I
think I'll get in your business you know
what happens when I get in people's
businesses boy they ain't in business
long son it's it's not hard to go after
these people because they're already
can't help but sabotage the Christian
libertarian movement they're Judas
Coates their operatives and that's what
they do they try to act like they're
credible get control the movement and
then steer it into the ground and they
try to make sure the big funds out there
go into what they're doing and then they
bring on Jordan Peterson who I've been
looking at studying out of nowhere
doesn't believe in God but he'll tell
you how to wake up and suddenly the
Atlantic of New York Times like seamen
he doesn't get censored and they're all
together and they're gonna have a show
and they're gonna come and merge with
Glenn Beck and how Christian is that to
have Horton Peterson the atheist that
the Liberals love that Bill Maher loves
who explains to us that they're only two
genders and we all go oh they let him on
here say that this is so original
he gives us some Karl Yune passages
which is fine he's a witty guy I think
does some good but look at this is gonna
be the conservative movement this is the
new leaders of it number Christians
Wow
Wow I think he said a little too much
there listen man Alex Jones is getting
more and more unhinged as time goes by
and sometimes in his rants he like drops
hints about what he really believes and
that was that's ugly
that was ugly so first of all he said he
says we're the only media outlet that's
self-made that's nowhere near true not
even close to true
we're self-made Jimmy Dore is self-made
humanists report there are a lot of
people who are self-made we most of our
funding comes from you guys on patreon
two bucks at a time and if people want
to go nuts seven bucks there's the
option to two dollars five dollars or
seven dollars if you like this content
by the way patreon.com slash secular
talk good time to plug it that's where
most of our funding comes from and he
loves to do these things like blow
himself and act like he's special and
I'm the only one telling the truth and
Omni were the only only self-made outlet
only self-made outlet that's not even
close to true man
why do you say [ __ ] like that so he says
that and then he says to Shapiro I'm
gonna basically go threaten your funders
I'm gonna tell your billionaire funders
who you really are and then they'll cut
off your funding listen man I do I agree
with Ben Shapiro and his business model
no I'm sure he has big money backers
most of the people in media have big
money backers but should Alex Jones go
threaten Ben Shapiro's funders because
he has a personal disagreement with him
come on man and then Alec says screams
like get out of my business you just
said you're gonna threaten his funders
and you're screaming for him to go to
your business but he's not in your
business he's oh you're saying Oh cuz
he's told Connie not to go on whatever
man free country you can say whatever
the [ __ ] he wants
you could say whatever the [ __ ] he wants
and again it's not like I don't care if
Kanye goes on your show or not in fact I
actually probably wanted to come on your
show because it'd be hilarious to watch
that
so I disagree with ben shapiro on that
but he could say whatever the [ __ ] he
wants and by the way that's not gonna
have an effect it's not like kanye west
is sitting there and he's like he sees
ben shapiro tweeted him he was like i
will now make career decisions based on
ben shapiro it's like he's not gonna
[ __ ] do that so he's just totally
unhinged but then okay the parts were I
start cringing and and actually going
like whoa man he called Ben Shapiro a
parasite and then said get behind me
Satan and then said he needs to find
Christ listen that's that's all
anti-semitism 101
it really is get behind me Satan because
he's Jewish
he's a parasite again another one of the
old stereotypes about Jewish people he's
not a self-made man these guys can't
make it on their own they have to leech
off other people and we need him and he
just said it we need him to find Christ
the [ __ ] does that have to do with
anything I never I honestly didn't know
that Alex Jones had this in him like the
the genuine like he keeps freeing up the
fact that he's a Christian and then he
says you know all the atheist movements
moving away from Christianity none of
these guys who are now leaders or
Christians the [ __ ] does that do with
anything
you don't even talk about your
Christianity probably because it's
indefensible nobody can actually make
arguments nowadays for believing in a
zombie Jewish carpenter who walked on
water and whose three people but he's
one person like us we're past that man
is not 1956 any more [ __ ] Pat
Robertson can't waltz out there and make
up some [ __ ] voodoo and then
everybody believes it now we have
science and we have the Internet and
people just don't are moving away from
religion at the moment but he keeps
bringing up religion why are you keep
bringing it why do you keep bringing up
religion Shapira said nothing about
religion but he brings it up because yes
on some level he's really bothered by
the fact that Shapiro is Jewish and
that's the other thing is he brings up
he says a bench Bureau and Petersen are
part of the atheist movement
then Shapiro's Jewish and not like you
know Jewish atheists like there's some
people who describe themselves as like
oh I'm culturally Jewish but I'm an
atheist no he's Jewish Jewish Ben
Shapiro is Jewish and peterson is
christian he is christian and he does
believe in God and Peterson actually
talks about that [ __ ] so he's wrong to
say that none of these guys are
Christian number one but number two why
are you even bringing that up why are
you bringing up religion but number
three the Atheist movement does not love
these guys the atheist movement
generally does not like ben shapiro the
atheist movement i mean i guess some of
them like peterson but they all
recognize that he's christian and then
he says oh and liberals like these guys
what the [ __ ] are you talking about
liberals despise ben shapiro I'm on the
left
I despise ben shapiro i and that's see
that's the main point here is here we
have a feud between ben shapiro and alex
jones and it's not even close like I
probably despise them both equally but
ben shapiro obviously got the better of
alex jones in this exchange and alex
jones comes across looking really petty
and really insecure and really unhinged
and man he really should get some help
like a lot of the it's really I don't
even I feel kind of bad even doing the
segment for highlighting like how
unhinged this guy is but if you want to
do it if you want to feud with ben
shapiro alex let me give you a little
advice your buddy the first thing you
should be talking about is the fact that
ben shapiro
was unrepentant in pushing for the iraq
war how minimum 200,000 civilians died
in iraq thousands of our soldiers died
we did an offensive war against a
country that didn't attack us and did
torture to cover it up and then promoted
the torturers and ben shapiro all along
the way mocked and degraded and
disrespected the anti-war people who
were right factually right about
everything shapiro went right along with
the propaganda of saddam hussein weapons
of mass destruction and Osama bin Laden
and al Qaeda maybe maybe so here you
have a guy and that's the point about
ben shapiro genuinely odious in his
beliefs
was for the Iraq war you should go go
back and read his old writings on gay
marriage I mean that [ __ ] is literally
like Pat Robertson or John Hagee wrote
it talking about the gay agenda is
coming to take over shut the [ __ ] up
with that drivel so listen if you wanted
a feud with ben shapiro alex there were
a lot of things you could have held over
his head his Iraq war support his you
know strong stance against gay marriage
and a plethora of other things but no
you went to attack him personally and
threatened his funders and you keep
weirdly bringing up religion and
dropping anti-semitic hints it's ugly
and yeah it's gross but anyway if you
can't tell even though I the funny thing
is on actual policy to the extent we can
ascertain what Alex Jones actually
believes on policy I actually agree a
little more with Jones because he's he
says he's libertarian he's not
libertarian he's libertarian ish and
sometimes he talks about you know NSA
spying and he talks about civil
liberties being violated and he talks
about ending a war so on actual policy
stuff
I agree more with Alex Jones again to
the extent he actually believes any of
that [ __ ] really but I'm inclined to
defend Shapiro in this segment because
you're not talking about policy should
at all you're attacking you know him
personally and threatening his funders
and just saying anti-semitic [ __ ] and
it's like the entire time you're like
acting as if he's attacking you when he
just said you're a goofball and here's
[ __ ] you're obviously wrong about like
your conspiracy nonsense but instead of
firing back and saying well you push the
Iraq war and you know you were massively
against gay marriage and you know I'm
sure Ben Shapiro was cheerleading NSA
spying in the Patriot Act instead of
saying hey you were so wrong about all
this weren't you you took an ugly road
so even though I probably agree more
with Alex Jones on policy Shapiro got
the better of this exchange and it got
ugly man it was fun there for a while
but then I started cringing
