Halla everybody means you got another
episode of Kyle encore in here first of
all everybody go give corn some love on
Twitter because he just came back from a
holiday party to make sure that you
lovely people got a full dose of Kyle
and corn if people are trying to hate on
me this morning because I put out a
tweet about you know your fans are mean
on me man
I mean sometimes they're cool sometimes
they're not but I put a tweet about
because when I used to grow up when I
used to grow I used to grow and I grew
up I played on fields that had mad geese
[ __ ] on it yeah like I did too
sure yeah yeah everybody like you play
soccer football and there's [ __ ]
everywhere
yep there wasn't someone going around
cleaning up all that geese [ __ ] so I
must have just like eventually sank in
there yeah it's like it's just part of
the grass after a while exactly so my
dogs go out in my backyard I have like
this um cuz they're not trained well
enough where they could just go roam in
my backyard or not I'm gonna lecture
fence all that [ __ ] so I just let them
out of my backyard on this um I hope I'm
up to this attachment and skulls I don't
know 50 feet 75 feet yeah and they just
roam around my backyard and they just
take a [ __ ] whenever they want usually
I've been going out there and picking up
all their crap and I take a plastic bag
and it fills up with all their pool I
usually go like a week later it's all
there poop mm-hmm but lately I just been
lazy and I just been like [ __ ] it you
can leave it I'm just gonna leave it
because I feel like it's your backyard
right it's my backyard but I feel like
I've heard that manure or manure
whatever it's pronounced yeah is um is
good for the grass and it's like a
natural fertilizer
I mean if it's your own property you eat
it over the [ __ ] you want to do you
could have a bear [ __ ] back there if you
want but that's my pocket liquor [ __ ]
bag yeah you can if you want that's why
people were giving you [ __ ] because you
said that or no no because my grandma
was all [ __ ] oh you know because I
read that tweet I was like I don't get
what he's saying like III saw the first
line I was like I get what you're saying
about the geese [ __ ] but then like as I
kept reading it I like lost the the
thought like I didn't see the line of it
I
to do that when I was back in the day
when I was like I used to right say um
because I would want to get into college
basketball uh-huh and out like right to
college basketball coaches or college
basketball programs and I would I would
try and write the [ __ ] myself
but then my sister was like I think she
was an English major so she's really
good at writing and knows punctuation
where's the put commas and all that [ __ ]
I don't know where to put any of that
stuff so I would be like I have really
good content but I never know how to
like you know make it see yeah sure
exactly so like I guess the content of
my tweet was good but the punctuation
Allah [ __ ] wasn't good but so should I
go to the tweet now I'm gonna go to the
tweet and see what you see yeah well and
also the iPhone [ __ ] me up because the
iPhone because of the eye thing have you
had that um error or no if you come
across that I think my phone
automatically updated one night so it
went away but I did have that problem
for like a little bit was just in the
plane okay so here we go your tweet was
if no one oh I know why they were
ripping on you if no one every picked up
you wanted to say if no one ever picked
up the geese droppings from the soccer
fields I used to play on do I really
have to pick up the dog poo from my
backyard I'm going to skip today yeah I
don't mean they were probably ripping on
you because of the grammar but someone I
respect the girl that's just someone
tweeted at me some chick and just wrote
hashtag Granberg but I don't understand
what you just said that's from Jacob and
then hey what does your wife have to say
about this that's pretty funny
geese droppings did you play soccer a
Maybury high school how to get that one
I don't know what's made very high
school and then hashtag grammar was from
Milla Han shot at the Milla Han that's
pretty funny yeah no I get what you're
saying man I get what you're saying so
how was this uh how was this party that
you were at you were just telling me it
was at top
off which I'm jealous if it was a top
golf because I want to play top golf and
I [ __ ] everybody up at top golf because
you got it I wish you were there
it's got like Oh for those you who don't
know it's like it's like a points game
with golf like at a driving range where
if you hit it in a certain space you get
certain amount of points yeah [ __ ]
lights up and it's like cool looking out
in the driving rain it's like a regular
driving range yeah but the like certain
areas you can hit it to light up and you
get points depending on how far you
drive it and yeah accurate you drive it
it's really cool it is cool there's none
around me or else I would go to that
[ __ ] yeah I think there's one I think
they open one up in New Jersey okay it
might be the closest to New York but
they have drinks there they have food
there do you have any of the food or no
I had the drinks extra would drink
Corona Corona you went beer yeah one
beer um had a couple vodka sprites okay
couple shots there was like hot cuz damn
keeps growing it was a couple shots
tequila shots and then there was also um
like these hot chocolate shots and
because we were outside it was cold
oh it has to be free yeah so like I
guess they had this someone always
discovers this one drink that like
everybody likes or whatever and it was
like this hot chocolate type shot you
know remember those old chocolates I
don't know if they're old but it came
like a green wrapper and it was a like a
chocolate and I had like a little green
line through it it was called like Andes
or Ames or something like that that's
what they said like it tastes like those
things exactly like it it was probably
delicious right it was it was pretty
good yeah isn't that weird how you ever
had those drinks where someone's like
they go to the bar and the Hellmuth is
duck and pepper shot or let me get the
Willie root beer doctor am shot and it
tastes identical to like what a drink
would like what so
tastes like there's something yes I've
had delicious drinks like that but
here's my problem I never [ __ ]
remember what they're called in fact I'm
gonna text my friend I I had at like
their wedding destroyed they were having
this drink and they were like oh you
should try this I bet you'd like it and
they said it to me and I was like I'm
not gonna like that [ __ ] and then I
tried it and I was like this is the most
delicious drink I've ever had in my life
was it on the more candy side or like
more soda side
I feel like vanilla II or something okay
it was like a mix of like an
after-dinner drink and her Anna and
something else it was I'm just gonna ask
how else to get the answer and then I'll
tell everybody and then I am
recommending this [ __ ] to everybody
who's listening right now because you
will [ __ ] love it yeah that sounds
like fun man you got did you have
anything to eat when you were there no
they had some appetizers chicken
dumplings that sounds good what else do
they have meatballs and then they had
some chicken mashed potatoes like hors
d'oeuvres type of stuff I'm not the
biggest wall fan are you a big meatball
fan or no no I don't really get down
with the meatballs like mama balls are
too heavy mmm like you know what sucks
you eat like meatballs and then like
three hours later you burp and it's just
like that's the grossest [ __ ] taste
ever I'm simple like when I go to a
wedding want am NOT a fan of just like
cheese like the cheese is when they put
out like that stuff Oh like the
antipasto yeah yeah I'm a big big fan of
pot stickers Oh pot stickers are [ __ ]
from heaven staple is delicious how are
you with crab cakes mmm I mean no right
they're always better than I expect them
to because I don't really taste the crab
but I don't love them but you try it
like you're okay to try it I wouldn't
like I had it I've had it and it's it's
always it's always you know what it's
like it's like the movie snakes on a
plane it's better than I expected but
like yeah I expected it to be the
grossest thing ever and then it's just
like mediocre and I'm like okay but I
don't have that unless
like I would only eat some [ __ ] like
that if I am starving
true yeah because I saw them and they
sort of look like potato latkes a little
bit because it looked like potato
emotional delicious bangin those are
unbelievably delicious bangin first time
I had it was in like grade school
somebody brought him in and I ate them
and I was like what the [ __ ] is this
this is the most huge thing I've ever
had you're like I mean your whole show
was secular and you grew up in a
secularist
area where there was Jews Catholics but
did you know I mean like you knew Jewish
people growing up right like you went to
bar mitzvahs and stuff like that of
course you'd be so surprised because
like my wife is from an area when I
first met her we went to a diner by her
house and I was like oh we'll go to the
diner like they must have like just like
a matzo ball soup or something like that
he don't but like not even they don't
she was like like what's that like
what's matzo below one didn't even know
what matzo ball soup with was with and
then ii had to start thinking of like oh
yeah there was a couple jewish people in
my grade but like outside of New York
there's not that many Jewish people that
like people grow up with they don't know
Bar Mitzvahs so first of all when the
numbers are astonishing actually there's
not that many Jews in the world like oh
really it's written no in fact I'm gonna
look it up now because I wanna because
the numbers I remember being blown away
by it
which is crazy because they have their
own like [ __ ] state you know I think
like when you think of the big religions
everybody the probably the main ones
everybody goes Christianity Islam
Judaism and then you throw in like
Hinduism and Buddhism you know but a so
but here you go I don't know that's not
the right answer hold on I'll find it
[Music]
but it's a lot smaller than well let me
just type in size of religions but I was
gonna say our area that we grew up in it
is a much higher concentration of Jewish
people in the New York area
the
there is in most other places around
anywhere else yeah like there are there
are other places where there are a
decent number of Jewish people but there
are like some like where's like none
order welfare does people because they
moved from New York probably in
California in some places too but like
in the middle of the country you don't I
don't think there's almost any mm-hmm
you know okay so let's say Christianity
the biggest religion in the world 2.4
billion Jesus Christ literally Jesus
Christ Islam second-biggest 1.6 billion
then you have secular they say 1.1
billion Hinduism 1.15 billion Buddhism
376 million oh wow
Judaism 14 million total Wow
so that's surprising isn't it because
because that's cadet and that's just us
being biased by the perspective the
context where we grew up
because we grew up around a lot of
Jewish people a lot of Christian people
but like Catholics probably mostly but
also maybe some Protestants people who
just weren't religious and then it was a
mix of races to Hispanic black white but
that's just us being biased by our
context there are some places in the
country where you go there's no black
people you know there's there's no Jews
it was like what is this so yeah I'm not
I'm actually not crazy surprised to come
to think of it as to the response of
your wife because it's like where she's
where she is from there just weren't
like okay there were a few Jewish people
you know not that many by us
I guess the smallest minority around us
at least as far as I remember is
probably like Asian would you agree like
I feel like we had not as many and when
I say Asian I mean like Chinese
specifically like it wasn't Chinese or
Japanese people there's a decent number
of Indians so South Asian mm-hm but not
I don't recall Chinese do you growing up
no not really just like it's evil like 1
or 2 I remember yeah
but yeah that's interesting stuff man
but but the Chinese or Japanese would
still be they'd still fall in that
Christian Catholic category no I think
um
[Music]
Shinto is I think it's Shinto is the big
all they have their own in Japan let me
let me double check that that's
interesting I didn't know the hominin
religion in Japan I don't know why
Shantou public yeah ocean tow and
Buddhism are the two major religions in
Japan and then in China if they're
non-religious in fact it's like
literally and I don't even agree with
this it's like it's like it's on paper
it's a communist country they don't
really act like one
they act more like a hyper capitalist
country but I think they have like
almost state-enforced atheism so no it
almost sound like a good thing right I
don't know no because you're forcing
people like I'm an atheist but I want to
just give people the freedom to be
whatever the [ __ ] they want to be my
understanding is that in China they
actively like oppress all religious
beliefs because their view is that that
can that like threatens the power of the
state you see what I'm saying
mmm so religion in China okay let's see
what they say this is the all trusty
Wikipedia China has long I love how
Wikipedia can be super accurate but then
like right after an incident happens it
could be super inaccurate yeah like um
Austin Rivers I know in the NBA he I've
got into a confrontation with someone on
the sidelines or something like that and
was like cursing out and right after
that happened someone to is a copy your
page and change his profile picture it's
like a trash can
oh [ __ ] but it's just like people go to
this website to look for accurate
information and then at the most
important time when you go to that
website to look for the most accurate
information it's most likely when that
[ __ ] is gonna be most inaccurate
that's that actually happened with Steve
minuchin who is the Goldman Sachs guy
who Trump picked to be in his
administration I think it was Treasury
secretary who picked him for
I looked him up to learn more about him
on Wikipedia when I when he got picked
and it said it said named Steve minuchin
occupation Satan funny if you were at a
regular time to look at that I'm sure
his occupation would have been right it
would have been like secretary whatever
the [ __ ] he does but like the time when
you were searching him was probably when
he was like hot or probably when a lot
of [ __ ] was going on about him so some
went on there and [ __ ] changed his
[ __ ] okay so I'm not getting a good
answer here the government formally
formally recognizes five religions
Buddhism Taoism Islam Protestantism and
Catholicism
they don't recognize Judaism in China no
they say the government only formally
recognizes five religions and I don't
even know what that means formally
recognizes but then there's this other
site but this sounds like [ __ ]
travel China guide.com
it sounds fake they say according
according to the latest survey eighty
five percent of Chinese people have
religious beliefs or had some religious
practices and only fifteen percent or
real atheists I'm not sure
so I'll just plead ignorance on this I'm
not sure but my understanding was in the
past and this could be wrong that China
was kind of like state sanctioned
atheism if you will but yeah I don't
know whatever by the way we have an
answer for my drink amaretto and ginger
ale that [ __ ] sounds good amaretto is
what like I don't know but it's
delicious I think that's the
after-dinner drink amaretto but it was
delicious I mean again going holy [ __ ]
yeah there's some drinks that just works
so well together yeah and then there's
others we spoke about this already but
the fruity drinks where you could have a
lot of them and then you don't even
realize like oh [ __ ] I had too much to
drink
cuz you have like six [ __ ] you know
hi-c cherry [ __ ] fruity fruity
McDuck's and then you drink it you're
like oh wow this is tasty and then you
die yep that was this hot chocolate shot
that was just like how many did you say
hot chocolate one the good amount you
brought you have water
next to you you're probably thirsty is
[ __ ] cuz you got that no I got butter
snap pretzels the opposite of water and
I still got my Dustbuster from last week
oh nice
don't start spraying it you'll get in
trouble I don't have my drink I usually
have a drink that keeps me awake but I
have a drink this time I had the sour
gummy worms right before I came on
sticking with our tradition the trollee
kind yeah I know I was like the
store-brand one whatever the CVS store
brand was it was delicious
those are good but you know the brand
troll yeah I had those two they're
pretty good too but I really like the
store brand more I just saw that um CVS
bought out some health like there's
definitely back door shady [ __ ] going on
with CVS yeah that's not good it's like
they made a deal with Aetna but like for
billions like crazy billions like I
heard on the news it was like CVS like
they try to say it on some like just
like right before Colbert show was about
to start it was like CBS buys whatever
for twenty nine point five billion
dollars next up Stephen clip I was like
whoa I feel like that should be a bigger
story because we don't have like that's
gonna lead to an even shittier health
care system I mean we have like we
already have a shitty health care system
because we have health insurance
companies that are [ __ ] people over
and instead of moving towards a Medicare
for All system we're just like now we're
just having these shitty health
insurance companies get even bigger and
more shittier so I mean this is like
with net neutrality too there's a
similar thing going on these companies
are just like the Internet service
providers are just some markets only
have like one option when it comes to an
Internet service provider so they give
the shittiest [ __ ] service ever
and then now you've given them more
power like you know with it with net
neutrality they could speed up sites and
slow down sites and [ __ ] and like
it's almost just like when you control
everything you can just like have a
senior product because I need something
extra we'll send somebody to help you
out next Thursday we what
