so today is uh Martin Luther King Day
and I want to do what I've been doing
pretty much every Martin Luther King Day
which is lay out for everybody the parts
of his history that the mainstream of
society doesn't want to talk about so
the part of his history that everybody's
okay with talking about at this late
date is the idea of equality you know I
mean when you look at the horrific
systemic discrimination against black
people in the United States of America
it's undeniably disgusting you have
slavery and you have segregation and Jim
Crow and you now of course the the next
phase of that is the war on drugs where
some people call that the new Jim Crow
because it's used to crack down on
people of color and poor white people
and you just throw them in a cage for
tweaking their own consciousness
slightly and that the u.s. jails more
people than every other country on earth
which is a really wild thing to think
about that
for example we jail more people than
China shows you something's deeply wrong
with how we're doing it here but the
part that everybody will talk about now
is just the idea of hey equality we
shouldn't have segregation we should
have equal protection under the law even
like people who may be genuine racists
will tell you that even if they are that
and most of them will deny it but
they'll say well of course everybody
shut it you should have equal protection
under the law you know of course you
know wait we shouldn't have a [ __ ]
colored water found in a white water
fountain even most racist at this point
will go yeah no you separate the water
fountains that's that's nuts
and so this demonstrates one of the
oldest tricks in the book which is they
deny you they deny you they deny you and
then once you win they turn around and
go oh obviously of course I was on that
side all along I don't know what you
mean
and it's a classic case of if you can't
beat them join them you know and this is
why many Republicans nowadays say Omar
Luther King jr. as a Republican any vote
Republican view
around today because they know you're
not gonna win that debate anymore
the debate of hey was he one of the good
guys are one of the bad guys they used
to fight that back in the day now they
know oh we can't we can't win if we say
he's the bad guy
so okay can't beat him join it but he's
one of us he's been with us all along I
don't know what you mean
so yeah exactly so do you need to
understand that but again that's the
portion of his legacy that everybody
will talk about and everybody tries to
steal it
Republicans probably go oh yeah he was
with us and that's why we all agree he's
great but he's more with us than he is
with you the part of his legacy that
people kind of push off to the side
sweep it under the rug and shush about
it is Martin Luther King was a committed
anti-imperialist he was also a committed
Democratic Socialist now you can say
Kyle that you put in your own spin on it
but you would be wrong if you say that
so of course I'm gonna give you some
quotes here to back it up
in a letter to Coretta Scott King in
1952 he said this quote I imagine you
already know that I am much more
socialistic in my economic theory than
capitalistic and yet I yet I am not so
opposed to capitalism that I have failed
to see its relative merits it started
out with a noble and high motive to
block the trade monopolies of nobles but
like most human systems it falls victim
to the very thing it was revolting
against so today capitalism has outlived
its usefulness it has brought about a
system that takes necessities from the
masses to give luxuries to the classes
so he continued on this topic in 1966
which is years later and he said this
there must be a better distribution of
wealth and maybe America must move
toward a democratic socialism call it
what you may call it democracy or call a
democratic socialism but there must be a
better distribution of wealth within
this country for all of God's children
now think about what he said there and
think about how he's gonna be portrayed
today everybody's gonna act today like
we got hit his dreams were achieved he
had a dream dreams were achieved it's
over let's wrap it up and all go home
and have a sandwich that's how he's
gonna be discussed today but I just told
you one of his the things he was most
interested in was the distribution of
wealth being unfair let me ask you a
question if Martin Luther King jr. knew
that the richest six people in the world
have more wealth than the bottom 50% of
the world combined what do you think his
reaction would be six people more wealth
than over 3.5 billion people combined
what would his reaction be to half of
workers in the u.s. making $30,000 a
year or less what would his reaction be
to 20 million uninsured 45,000 people
dying in the United States
every year because they don't have
access to basic health care what would
his reaction be pretty sure his reaction
would be why the [ __ ] are we stopping to
celebrate my legacy without bringing up
these very important facts and trying to
fix them what are we doing here because
again everybody's gonna act today like
well man what a hero and he made it he
we he won Civil Rights Act Voting Rights
Act let's move along and even if you
look at him through that narrow lens
which is what the mainstream does how
many people are going to bring up that
the Supreme Court axed many provisions
of the Voting Rights Act recently how
many people are gonna bring up
gerrymandering which is still a gigantic
problem how many people are gonna bring
up voter ID laws where the specific
purpose is to block more people of color
from voting therefore making it more
likely that the Republican wins how many
people gonna bring that up
not many right how many of you looking
to bring up the war on drugs to say oh
my goodness look at this this is used
for social control this is used to crack
down on people of color and poor white
people
and throw them in prison and take away
their power in fact it's not just me
saying that it's Richard Nixon's but top
officials saying that they came out and
admitted a few years ago yeah that was
the whole point the whole point of the
drug war was to do social control we
knew that the hippy white people and
people of color weren't gonna vote for
us so what do you do I don't know try to
criminalize their what they do you
eliminate a problem that way and we
still have that system in place but
people will act today like I don't know
what you're talking about
we got the Voting Rights Act we got the
Civil Rights Act where's the problem
so in April 1967 Martin Luther King gave
a speech at Riverside Church in New York
City and in that speech he called the US
government quote the greatest purveyor
of violence in the world if somebody
says that today they're left out of the
room which is funny because our
government is just as militaristic as it
was then now he was referring to the
Vietnam War I wonder what he would have
thought of the war in Iraq an offensive
war against the country that didn't
attack us where minimum 200,000
civilians were killed and by the way we
did torture which is illegal under
international law and illegal under
domestic law we have an Eighth Amendment
protection from cruel and unusual
punishment in the Constitution that's
considered a ban on torture but we
tortured anyway we have an extra
judicial prison Guantanamo Bay still
open to this day I wonder what Martin
Luther King would think about that he
called the u.s. the greatest purveyor of
violence in the world right now we're
bombing 8 different countries 8 8 we
have nine hundred military bases around
the world that cost a hundred billion
dollars a year to maintain when you pull
the rest of the world and you ask which
country is the biggest threat to world
peace they answer the u.s. by far it's
not even close we crush every North
Korea they say we're a bigger threat
then Rush
they say we're a bigger threat than
Saudi Arabia they say we're a bigger
threat then and he said back then the my
government is the biggest purveyor of
violence on earth today now you would
think based on how everybody treats
Maher Luther King today that it's like
everybody's saying that every step of
the way I don't know what you mean he
was beloved every step of the way that's
why we celebrate him today it's so
obvious that he was right about
everything
no people fought him tooth and nail not
only that people fight him he was a lone
voice in the wilderness back then
standing up for things that were right
so the entire establishment elitist
liberal media will act like Martin
Luther King amazing so correct on
everything and everybody knew that
interesting listen to this the New York
Times editorial board blasted Martin
Luther King for linking the war in
Vietnam to the struggles of civil rights
and poverty they said it was quote too
facile a connection and that he was
doing a disservice to both causes they
said they're quote are no simple answers
to the war in Vietnam or to racial
injustice in this country the Washington
Post editorial board said that King had
quote diminished his usefulness to his
cause his country and his people for
speaking out against Vietnam I got it
was nice when you were talking about hey
maybe we shouldn't be overtly
discriminatory against people for having
a different skin color that was all fine
and dandy we tolerated that but now
you're gonna talk about not doing
imperialism and militarism you've uh you
know your usefulness has diminished and
then get this in all 168 newspapers
denounced him after he gave his speech
coming out strongly against the Vietnam
War where he fundamentally said we
are the terrorists here as we are the
government is we're using napalm and
Agent Orange on innocent villagers women
and children killing over a million
people innocent people
why Vietnam is not about to invade
Nebraska what are we doing here he comes
out strongly against that 168 newspapers
denounced him I'm willing to guess that
of the 168 newspapers all the ones that
are not bankrupt defunct today are gonna
sing MLK his praises now aren't they
Hafiz obviously he was right every step
of the way and everybody knew that don't
go back and look at our history of
denouncing him President Johnson
immediately terminated his relationship
with MLK when MLK came out strongly
against Vietnam and he said quote what
is that goddamned n-word preacher doing
to me we gave him the Civil Rights Act
of 1964 we gave him the Voting Rights
Act of 1965 we gave him the war on
poverty what more does he want man is
that a telling quote in other words
that's that's LBJ saying I don't deserve
any credit for all the good things I did
for the good things I did Civil Rights
Act Voting Rights Act War on Poverty I
don't even deserve credit for that
because what he's admitting is it wasn't
me it was MLK and it was the civil
rights movement that pushed me to that
position and what do you want of Corti
conceded and did the right thing in
these few areas so back up off me why
can't I slaughter innocent civilians in
Vietnam now that I gave you I was trying
to appease you by giving you a few of
the things you wanted and now you want
to like end the wars and stop massacring
people that's indicative of the entire
Democratic Party today today they don't
do things cuz oh I am ekran equality
Sheen who takes a tremendous amount of
money from Wall Street in the
military-industrial complex and the
private insurance companies
I was willingly going to do the right
thing no we have to force them to do the
right thing it's the same dynamic at
work today 100 percent this is what
happened with
medicare-for-all for example what was it
50 House Democrats that supported it and
you guys made it over 120 because you
said no no no we're not gonna take no
for an answer we're gonna vote you out
if you don't do this so to save your own
ass you're gonna come have to come out
in support of Medicare for all
how telling is that he's like what do
you want I gave you a few things that
you wanted now you want me to stop
massacring people how dare you well it's
because he actually cared about the
issues you're not gonna buy off him as a
constituency like oh I guess you'll back
my slaughter of innocence after I give
you a little bit of what you want [ __ ]
that no he's fighting for the right
thing which is why he didn't stop
fighting for the right thing and let's
be clear he wasn't just standing up
against the establishment which he was
he was standing up against the sentiment
of the entire country see we're under
the misimpression today that oh I guess
the people are always anti-war because
that's what the polls show today even
though we're still interact still in
Afghanistan only 17% of America still
wants to be in Afghanistan but were
there no backyard Vietnam the war fever
was peaking and so the propaganda from
the government convinced the population
know who really should be there so the
polls showed the people were for Vietnam
in fact a Harris Poll conducted after
Kings Vietnam speech found that only 25%
of even African Americans supported him
in his anti-war turn only 9 percent of
the public at large agreed with his
objections to the war 9 percent he was
one of the nine percent who stood up and
said this is wrong and I'm gonna explain
why and of course he also launched the
Poor People's Campaign in 1968 he wanted
what he called a quote grand alliance
between working people of all races to
fight for a brighter future to fight for
a living wage to fight for a job
guarantee from FDR's economic Bill of
Rights these are the things he supported
he was a Democratic Socialist
he said injustice inequality in health
care is one of the worst forms of
injustice that's a clear call for a
Medicare for All system a single-payer
system so today when you hear people
talk about them they're not gonna bring
up his democratic socialism they're not
gonna bring up his anti-imperialism why
because most of the people you hear talk
about him are gonna be in the
establishment they're gonna be elitist
to one degree or another whether it's a
certain newspaper outlet whether it's
CNN or MSNBC and if they don't bring up
his anti-imperialism
and they don't bring up his democratic
socialism then they're gonna give you
you the misimpression that his work is
done and you can go home and watch some
TV you don't need to be an activist you
don't need to fight you don't need to
protest you don't need to call your
Congress people you don't need to throw
your weight around you don't need to
organize it's done that's why we're
celebrating it's over that's it
Voting Rights Act Civil Rights Act move
along don't look into this thing any
further if they painted an accurate
picture of him that'd be a dangerous
thing for them now wouldn't it because
then all of us would be out in the
streets and we'd be fighting for
Medicare for all a living wage free
college and the wars legalize marijuana
and the drug war a new New Deal
so remember to keep fighting for his
legacy because he was right and if he
was around he would tell you my work
isn't even 20 percent done son so let's
keep fighting that's what he would tell
you don't let the establishment pull the
wool over your eyes and act like it's
over it's done man what a great hero
good thing we accomplished things
everything we were looking for and now
we could just all relax
no they hated him at the time the
establishment despised him at the time
despised him and now they turn around
and say his work is done and by the way
we totally supported all of his work
it's a trick and it's a trap well I'm
here to tell you about that trap so you
know how to react and you know to keep
fighting for his legacy because his
legacy is right
