the hill wrote an article expressing
shock and awe at Trump's policies in
regards to Russia now you know everybody
is aware of the current climate when it
comes to trump and Russia and the
narrative coming out of the mainstream
media and the focus from the Democrats I
mean I think it's fair to say that this
is now the Democrats main focus like
this is what they talk the most about
corporate Democrats talk the most about
this issue you know maybe this mixed in
with how Trump is just so unhinged so
it's almost like they make a point to
not hammer away on the policies which is
wild because Trump is just in terms of
his actual policies in many ways he is
MIT Romney he is an establishment
Republican extraordinaire pact his
administration full of goldman sachs cut
taxes for corporations and the rich you
know deregulated everything in sight you
name the destructive right-wing policy
endless war he's doing all that stuff
but instead of talking about you know
that stuff and instead of the democrats
selling a different vision medicare for
all free college living wage and the
wars they don't talk about that stuff
why they don't necessarily agree with
all those policies so what do you do
when that's the case you go ahh unhinged
unfit for office and you say stuff like
is Vladimir Putin's puppet that's what
he is
well when the people at the hills
decided to look into the policy angle of
the Trump Russia scandal here's what
they found in surprise Trump maintains
many Obama era Russia policies the Trump
administration has quietly maintained in
Obama era approach to countering
aggression from Moscow even as the
president's dismissal of Russian
meddling in the election and warm words
towards that country's leader have
scandalized Washington
it approved the largest commercial sale
of lethal defensive weapons to Ukraine
since 2014
a move that earned praise from both
sides of the aisle on Capitol Hill and
implemented sanctions targeting people
in Russia for human rights abuses under
US law some on look were on lookers
fretted the president might try to evade
okay let me pause so they're actually
they're not even right what they're
saying is oh he continued Obama era
policies that's not true in fact he's
more hawkish than Obama Obama refused to
arm people in Ukraine because he said
listen that's a direct escalation
towards World War three
you're gonna arm people in Ukraine who
are fighting Russians well then that's
you know this is just cold war 2.0
turning into a slightly hot war because
that's a proxy war that's a proxy war
that's the West and the u.s. in Ukraine
by the way a lot of the people who are
actively fighting the Russians there are
neo-nazis that's not an exaggeration but
Obama said no we're not gonna arm these
rebels because number one many of them
were [ __ ] neo-nazis and number two do
we really want to do World War three
over [ __ ] Crimea that's what Obama
said I'm not gonna arm him and he caught
a lot of [ __ ] from neo-cons and the deep
state and the establishment when he said
that Trump is like okay I don't care
tremendous believe me
so Trump is arming Ukrainians who are
fighting Russians that is a giant
escalation now if the resistance was
being competent they would say no don't
do that don't arm these people many of
them are neo-nazis don't arm these
people you want it [ __ ] World War
threes that what you want but no because
the narrative is Donald Trump is
Vladimir Putin's puppet foreign agent is
running the US government
the resistance is nowhere to be found
and I just told you bipartisan praise
what do I always warn you about
bipartisanship in Washington run for the
hills when you hear bipartisanship
coming out of Washington because the
only time they agree is to screw you and
to do more war so what was the last
bipartisan deal we had to deregulate
Wall Street in the big banks Joe Manchin
and a bunch of other Blue Dog Democrats
agreed with Republicans hey let's
deregulate the banks more that was the
last bipartisan deal coming out of
Washington now you have bipartisan
praise of arming Ukrainians to fight
against Russians it's amazing how it
doesn't matter how hawkish she gets
doesn't matter how right-wing he gets in
his policies the resistance arguments
why don't you go further right-wing oh
that is a recipe for disaster
and then again so we implemented
sanctions and he signed the sanctions
bill that Congress passed more sanctions
on Russia he was like fine I'll sign it
even though I don't want to he said I
don't want to but he signed it and then
the argument became I'm not kidding
about this people would be like but he
hesitated in implementing them so that
proves he's Putin's puppet are you
[ __ ] kidding that's your argument
sure he's escalating
but he didn't do it and they he did it
in a timely fashion or he didn't do it
in a timely fashion he escalated but it
took him a little longer than I expected
so therefore he's his puppet this is the
argument there mate I'm not kidding
about this people tweeted me about this
like Kyle so naive sure he increased
sanctions but it took him a little while
yeah all right so let's continue I'll
give you more information it increased
the budget for the European deterrence
initiative an effort begun under former
President Obama to bolster allies
defenses in response to Russian
aggression and deployed US soldiers to
Poland as part of a majority u.s. NATO
task force
and it is poised to announce more
sanctions against Russia faced with a
January 29 deadline to name targets
under a separate law grudgingly signed
by President Trump over the summer even
some obama officials call the approach
mainstream quote the policy has been in
continuity with the Obama administration
post 2014 after the Russian invasion of
Ukraine
said Daniel freed who under Obama served
as the State Department's sanctions
coordinator I think the actual policies
on the ground have been pretty good said
freed who also worked as a senior
official on Russia issues during the
Bush administration but those policies
have been obscured by the president's
unusually warmer rhetoric
toward the Kremlin so that that's it
right there that explains it so because
Trump dared to say hey wouldn't it be
nice if we got along with Russia because
he dared to say that people are
unbelievable
[ __ ] Putin's puppet over here who
doesn't want to like escalate to World
War 3 I think he's been compromised I
think he's a Manchurian Candidate
because of his rhetoric Democrats lose
their [ __ ] and they go see Putin's
puppet meanwhile all of his policies
they say it's the same as Obama's
they're wrong it's more hawkish than
Obama he is being more hawkish than
Obama because he armed Ukrainians and I
just told you increase sanctions
increase the budget for the European
deterrence initiative so in other words
all of trumps rhetoric about hey we need
to move away from NATO or reform NATO
because we pay too much and they should
pay more and all that stuff
nonsense what he's actually increasing
he's increasing funding for it
so let me explain you what's happening
this is Trump going yeah I don't care
whatever the establishment wants to do
you do in terms of Russia
I don't care and in his mind this is him
like disproving the the Democrats who
say he's Putin's puppet but what's the
problem with that the problem is how
would Trump disprove that he's Putin's
puppet by being more aggressive and
being more hawkish and what's crazy is
that even when he acts more hawkish as
he's doing Democrats go nah not hawkish
enough sir oh no so
now the resistance argument is why don't
you go full right-wing and go to
escalate to world war three with Russia
and listen that's the problem and people
have gotten mad at me like why do you
not cover the Russia thing exactly like
the mainstream media it's cuz I don't
agree with them Rachel Maddow did a
segment where she said if Trump removes
NATO troops from Russians border from
Russia's border that proves that
Vladimir Putin has the PP tape of him so
in other words the only way Trump can
prove you wrong that he's not Putin's
puppet is to continually keep us on the
brink of World War 3 don't you see a
problem with that Rachel and by the way
what a weird assumption I mean you want
to talk about Trump derangement syndrome
what a weird assumption if he moves us
away from the brink of war by removing
the NATO soldiers obviously Putin has
dirt on him as opposed to I don't know
maybe Trump doesn't want World War 3
that would be my takeaway oh [ __ ] good
he's moving removing the troops from the
nail from NATO's border so in other
words now even if Trump does the right
policies he's gonna be smeared as well
see told you it's totally soft on Putin
but see that's why I want to ask all the
people who are who pushed this Russia
stuff all day long I want to ask them so
forget all the things I think that you
know this happened or that happened and
he's doing their bidding in Yatta Yatta
put all that stuff aside for just a
minute and you tell me every policy you
favor in regards to Russia
what do you favor in terms of Ukraine do
you want to arm Ukraine what do you
favor in terms of sanctions do you want
a sanction Russia and what sanctions
exactly are appropriate do you want to
keep NATO troops on the border do you
want to increase funding to NATO answer
all those for me and the disgusting
thing is I think the overwhelming
majority of the hashtag-- resistance
would tell would say all those policies
that they prefer it's the right wing
side of those policies escalate further
arm the people in Ukraine and that's
where my core disagreement is with them
I don't agree with that I want to move
away from world war 3 I do want to get
along with Russia because I want to get
along with everybody I don't want to be
buddy-buddy and hold [ __ ] Putin's
hand and frolic in the park and ignore
his human rights abuses of course I
don't want to do that but do I want to
have it
the neutral relationship so we're not
living on the [ __ ] brink of war with
another nuclear-armed power yes that
used to be the Democratic position early
in Obama's time in office that was the
Democratic position remember when Obama
mocked Mitt Romney in 2012 because Mitt
Romney said Russia's the biggest threat
to the United States and Obama said the
1980s called they want their foreign
policy back al Qaeda is the biggest
threat to the US not Russia I want that
I want that kind of Democratic Party
back the one that says no I wanted to
kind of make peace with people who we
don't agree with and who we have issues
with but no now if Trump makes peace
with them she proves the Urim entry in
candidate and you're his puppet and
you're his [ __ ] that's my problem with
this stuff and by the way it's also a
matter of evidence people say Oh a trump
to Russia
Trump Russia trouble what okay where's
your evidence virtually everything they
point to has been retracted by the media
that originally reported it isn't that
funny and then again they screamed about
Russia Russia Russia meanwhile what
happened with Michael Flynn Michael
Flynn is indicted because this
[ __ ] took money from Turkey over
five hundred thousand dollars from
Turkey to push in Washington the idea
that now don't arm the Kurds the courage
don't want armed them to fight Isis even
though that would make sense because
they're the best fighting force in the
region against Isis don't arm them why
because stuff and things
I wouldn't arm them because he got paid
to take that position so there's a real
scandal there's a real turkey scandal
holy [ __ ] turkey is paying for influence
to get whatever policy they want in
Washington there's a foreign power
controlling your government and it
[ __ ] happened that happened um
Ukraine same thing with Ukraine Paul
Manafort and Ukraine Donald Trump in
Saudi Arabia they paid him to what
$250,000 to stay in his hotel why
because they actually spent $250,000 no
they gave $200,000 so that they could
buy weapons they bought favouritism this
is the exact kind of [ __ ] we got mad at
Hillary Clinton about for the Clinton
Foundation bills going around the world
giving shitty speeches getting paid
billions of dollars so that Hillary
Clinton can approve arms deals for
brutal dictatorships what the [ __ ] do
you think's happening with Trump in his
hotels and his businesses around the
world
Saudi Arabia gives him way more money
than they actually spent at his hotels
they shouldn't State his hotels in the
first place there's a conflict of
interest there but they stay there gives
him give him hundreds of thousands of
dollars and then look at that
Trump approves in over a hundred billion
dollar weapons deal Trump opened eight
new businesses in Saudi Arabia during
the campaign so he takes money from a
foreign government Saudi Arabia and does
their bidding and nobody says Saudi
Arabia scandal Trump's a puppet to Saudi
Arabia
well you [ __ ] should because we have
the evidence on that we have the
evidence on Ukraine we have the evidence
on Turkey we have the evidence on Saudi
Arabia we have the evidence on five or
six different countries because Trump
does business with 12 different
countries we have direct evidence of hey
they give you money you do favors for
them using your position of authority
that is a clear violation of the
embodiments clause in the constitution
but no instead of bringing that up what
do you do
Russia even though you've done no favors
for Russia even though you've been more
hawkish and more right-wing with them
Russia well this is why the Democrats
are trying to squandering their chances
to win in 2022 Trump has a chance to win
again at 2020 I know you know come on
it's no bad low approval rating that's
all true but what the [ __ ] do the
Democrats stand for if their only
argument the entire times Russia [ __ ]
Russia unhinged Russia and he's unhinged
your argument of I'm not him was already
tried and how'd that work out so you
need to fight for Medicare for all in
free college and a living wage and
ending the wars and a new New Deal in
legalizing marijuana [ __ ] stand for
something stand for something and one of
those things that you should stand for
is hey let's deescalate with Russia by
the way you want to oppose Trump Russia
good I do too
I'll be the guy actually resisting you
go no no no you want to arm Ukraine bad
idea don't arm Ukraine no no don't
implement more sanctions that's a bad
idea to implement more sanctions no stop
stop
giving more money to NATO troops to keep
him on the border stop stop stop
escalating to World War three if you
want to resist there's a way to resist
resist the actual policies
