right-wing pundit Tommy Lauren broke
with Trump on the issue of Syria I'm
absolutely floored by this because her
whole stick has been you know rush
limbaugh ask in that it's like
Republicans are always right about
everything and Democrats are always
wrong about everything so the fact that
she disagree with him on anything is
already a shocker but the fact that it's
over Syria is like wow okay that's so I
do have to give her credit for this even
though she's wrong about like 97% of
issues she's one of a grand total of two
main stream media voices that has
dissented on this issue which is beyond
pathetic because the other one is tucker
carlson so the hashtag resistance media
everybody on MSNBC and CNN mum's the
word on another offensive war against a
country that didn't attack us that could
potentially escalate towards World War
three because Russia is saying we'll
shoot your missiles out of the sky and
Trump is saying okay then I'll respond
so it's unbelievable but yes Tucker
Carlson dissented and Tommy
Lauren dissented check it out it's time
for final thoughts wouldn't it be nice
if we could remove ash are all Assad
from power unify Syria keep Isis and al
Qaeda out and tamaranian influence in
the region yeah it sure would but this
is the real world and the last thing we
should do is continue our involvement
another Mideast disaster yes the latest
chemical attack in Syria was horrific
tragic and despicable as Americans we
feel for the Syrian people but the cold
hard truth is this isn't our battle it's
not our war and we will not win it don't
get me wrong we have the greatest
fighting force on earth in the US
military but we can't win a war we don't
even know what victory looks like
overthrowing Assad doesn't solve the
problem not even close
this conflict is less about overthrowing
a savage dictator and is now more about
a struggle among branches of Islam that
goes back more than a thousand years how
do we win that how many times will we
keep sticking our fingers in the fire
before we realize that spreading
democracy in the Middle East does not
work how many times must be attempt to
pick winners and
losers in a civil and tribal war we do
not understand we've given the so-called
moderate opposition in Syria weapons
funding and training not to mention the
support of American troops one of whom
was just recently killed there that's
the spilling of American blood sweat and
tears and for what so a year down the
road those same US supplied weapons can
be used against us
we've been down this road too many times
that enough is enough yeah as a
Christian I pray for the victims in
Syria but we have enough problems here
at home when are we gonna put Americans
first what are we going to fight for our
own interests and protect our own
country we've got crumbling
infrastructure an opioid crisis veterans
dying in the VA health care system and a
border that's barely a border at all how
can we save the world we can't even save
our own backyard it is my hope President
Trump will stick to his plan and pull us
entirely out of Syria intervention has
so far been the status quo in this
administration has certainly continued
u.s. involvement but this president was
elected to break the status quo we have
nothing to gain in Syria and everything
to lose we cannot afford to lose more
Americans and someone else's unwinnable
conflict period
president Trump please remember it's
America first
those are my final thoughts feel free to
disagree from la god bless and take care
it [ __ ] breaks my heart that I have
to do a segment where I give Tommy
Lauren credit it breaks my heart and it
shows the abysmal failure of MSNBC CNN
the nightly news and every so-called
liberal left-leaning outlet out there
but this is where we are now some people
point out and this is true to an extent
they say well you have to be clear that
the reasoning and how these people come
to their non interventionist position is
different than how a lefty comes to
their non interventionist position so
it's not exactly the same thing that's
true you know like for example another
person who is against this conflict I
saw some of his statements on it stefan
molyneux the the libertarian ish you
know youtuber he points out like okay
well this is gonna increase the the
refugee crisis and you know there is a
strain of argument that comes from these
kinds of people that has a tinge of
xenophobia and bigotry to it where it's
like well I mean listen don't destroy
don't get involved and destroy these
places because then you just speed up
you know the hoard of of migrants coming
to the west who are gonna take away the
white majority so like yes there are
there are aspects of the argument that
they make that it's like of all the
things to point out about why we
shouldn't intervene that's not even on
the list but either way listen at the
end of the day what's the old saying
about a broken clock a broken clock is
Right twice a day
yeah and when it's right it's right so
the point remains and I don't give a
[ __ ] if there's some sort of an alliance
between the actual left and you know
paleo conservatives or
libertarian-leaning conservatives as
long as we actually achieve our goal of
not going to war then that's what you're
supposed to do how many times did Ron
Paul and Bernie Sanders back when Ron
Paul was still in office how many times
did they work together I think a decent
amount right and I think you know Rand
Paul and Bernie sometimes work together
now whether it's on criminal justice
reform or drug issues or whatever so yes
we have to not [ __ ] do this
but Trump used to say it himself how
many times did I pointed out I showed
his tweets his tweets were plain as day
what I'm saying is we should stay out of
Syria
you know it's stupid why are we wasting
blood and treasure and all that stuff
and Tommy actually makes a decent point
here she says we can't win a war when we
don't know what victory looks like now
notice it's never it's never talked
about in the mainstream media they
always like do the cheerleading for the
war they do the propaganda for the war
but they never they never explained like
and then that's why once we achieve goal
X we're gone we're out of there they
never say that they never say that they
just talk about it in a way like we have
to do we have to do we have to do it and
then there's no
and oftentimes what happens is like with
Libya they do all the propaganda to lead
up to the war the war happens then
sheesh all the people who had bleeding
hearts for Libyans all the poor Libyans
now they have nothing to say
they haven't written about Libya since
the u.s. toppled Gaddafi and there's
[ __ ] open-air slave markets in Libya
right now so the people who are so
concerned about the Libyans the Libyans
we have to save the Libyans now that
there's open air slave markets there as
a result of our misguided intervention
there like Shane also say so spare me
man notice they don't talk about the
fact we're even in Iraq and Afghanistan
anymore in mainstream media I mean there
are people I've gotten comments uh you
know people who listen to the show who
say hey I was born you know in 2001 when
we went into Afghanistan we've been in
Afghanistan my entire life I'm like holy
[ __ ] that's that's crazy and that's true
and then you know they point out the
media never talks about it
but never talk about under all-out war
in Afghanistan in Iraq nobody talks
about it
bombing eight different countries nobody
talks about it and they never say ask
somebody who's in favor of these wars at
this point define victory so when do you
get to plant the flag and go alright
we're done let's go home they don't have
an answer for you because listen what
was the original point when they said
we're going in Africa into Afghanistan
we got to get Osama bin Laden we got to
go to son Mellon well guess what [ __ ]
he's been dead for a while now hasn't he
mission accomplished get your ass home
but it's mission creep it's moving the
goalposts and it's moving the goalposts
because the real reasons why we're there
are not the reasons they said see that's
the part where they go oh that's
conspiratorial is it is it
conspiratorial when the US arms and
props up 73 percent of the world's
dictatorships when we've been at war 93
percent of our history when you look at
everything that we've done specifically
post-world War two you look at how many
times we've overthrown Democrat
democratically elected leaders and put
in fascist puppets it has nothing to do
with humanitarianism it has nothing to
do with any of that it has to do with
natural resources and geopolitical
dominance we act like every imperialist
power ever we just have a better [ __ ]
talking game to cover it up so with
Afghanistan they said we got to go get
Osama bin Laden and then we got a some
long time ago but we're still in
Afghanistan why like oh wow we have to
get al-qaeda okay but look it up even
bacterin but as far as like 2008 2009
there were less than a hundred al-qaeda
operatives in Afghanistan so why the
[ __ ] are we still there and then finally
they move the goalposts to we got to
defeat the Taliban okay so now we're
there and fighting the people who didn't
attack us on 9/11 funny how that works
you started out saying we got to go to
sama bin Laden we got him then II think
we got to get get out Qaeda we got them
now you say the Taliban well guess what
the Taliban [ __ ] controls what is it
60% of Afghanistan right now so you're
not gonna win that you're not gonna win
that this is the same [ __ ] this is
endless war they're fighting a guerrilla
war in their own country against the
United States just like in Vietnam so
you can't win that but that's the point
they don't even want to win it because
what is it in Afghanistan specifically
it has to do with probably opium but
also with minerals minerals trillions of
dollars worth of mineral wealth are in
Afghanistan and we're still there gee I
can't figure out why that is when it
comes to Iraq of course oil is a giant
part of it when it comes to every one of
these interventions the
military-industrial complex has a lot to
do with it
the war is very profitable for us for a
tiny class of elites and those elites
are always making the decisions when it
comes to Iraq what happened they said
well Saddam is responsible for 9/11
turns out he wasn't that was [ __ ]
but that was the original argument why
we were there we invaded on those
pretenses that was the argument that was
the premise we got to go in because
Saddam was responsible for 9/11 well we
found out that that was a complete and
utter [ __ ] then they just moved the
goalposts well Saddam has weapons of
mass destruction whoa whoa you just said
he was responsible for 9/11 now you're
saying okay okay he's not responsible
for 9/11 so there you go your whole war
rationale is out the window so what the
[ __ ] you're doing there come home come
home the second we learned that was
[ __ ] all the troops should have been
out the next day the next day cuz you
lied to us to get us into the war that's
a lie or at the very least is just
fundamentally untrue so you gotta say
okay let's go home but they didn't do
that you just move the goalposts and
then they move the goalposts again and
their argument was okay fine he doesn't
have WMD
here's no wmds but he's a bad guy oh
he's a bad guy he's a bad guy and that's
what they're doing with Syria now - Oh
Bashar Assad's a bad he's a bad guy are
you four bad guys I can't believe you're
four bad guys no it's that they're not a
direct threat against us we're supposed
to use our military unilaterally for
defensive purposes there are a lot of
bad guys we're arming and propping up
bad guys what the [ __ ] do you think the
Saudi Arabian government is what do you
think the Israeli government is in
Netanyahu with illegal occupation
permanently
we're aiding and abetting a genocide in
Yemen right now and we have the nerve to
pretend like we care about civilian
deaths are you kidding me you want to
stop civilian deaths stop arming and
propping up Saudi Arabia's they Massacre
Yemen stop propping up 73 percent of the
world's dictatorships this stuff is it's
unbelievable that they're still trying
to pull the wool over our eyes
but now even people like Tommy Loren can
see through it they never tell us what
victory looks like because that's not
the actual goal the goal is geopolitical
dominance and natural resources and
continuing our imperialism and the main
point that I think really really cuts
through and gets and gets people who are
on the left on the right just all
throughout the US the argument that's so
overwhelming to anybody who hears it is
this and she pointed it out
we're wasting how many trillions of
dollars over there and meanwhile our
infrastructure gets a grade of D plus so
our infrastructure is crumbling it's
crumbling and you're saying we need to
go you know
rebuild Duma we have to go bomb Syria
bomb the Syrians to save the Syrians a
little bit of a weird contradiction
there we're gonna have to we're gonna
we're gonna save you if it means killing
every last one of you bomb the series to
save the Syrians but the idea is just
like in Iraq just like in Afghanistan
whether it's Kabul Kandahar Fallujah we
got to rebuild them we got to rebuild
Conda are you [ __ ] are talking
about rebuilding Fallujah or Conda har
you can't even rebuild Flint
Flint Michigan doesn't have clean water
Detroit is a mess our infrastructure
gets a grade of D plus you got to
upgrade everything you gotta upgrade the
levees the bridges the roads you name it
the airports everything's got to be
upgraded but instead of doing that you
want to waste everybody's tax money
overseas it's not just misguided it's
also for illegal offensive war crimes
war crimes and obviously I don't even
need to bring up to you guys that a guy
who brags about torturing and a guy who
brags about taking out their families
killing civilians on purpose it's not
the guy who's gonna lead a humanitarian
intervention so it really breaks my
heart that I have to sit here and give
credit to somebody like Tommy Lauren and
and Tucker Carlson but how pathetic is
that that's the state of the country
right now we're in the media climate
they're the only people who are bucking
orthodoxy and saying no this isn't a
good idea they're the only people so all
the so-called liberal media Rachel
Maddow Chris Hayes [ __ ] Lawrence
O'Donnell goddamn crickets I don't hear
anything Anderson Cooper Wolf Blitzer
where are you I don't hear anything
certainly nothing anti-war that's for
damn sure
and even the Democrats man the Democrats
listen Tulsi Gabbard was that was one
who tweeted against it it was one tweet
okay I've been going nuts the past few
days they don't do it don't do it don't
do don't do don't do it even politicians
who I deeply respect and who I have
voted for and would vote for in an
instance I haven't seen anything they've
said yet right now on Syria to be fair
to these politicians they have said in
the past like no I'm not a good idea
let's not get involved there but now the
voice is needed the most and I hear
crickets so everybody's got to step up
and by the way you're not even taking a
political risk you think you're taking a
political risk you're not this would be
leading a moral counter charge which
everybody wants everybody wants the
Democrats to be a giant anti-war voice
that represents the silent majority of
Americans but no they sit there quietly
most of them are sitting there quietly
because you know they're part of this
disgusting grotesque broken system they
they get paid by defense contractors
just same as the Republicans do they get
paid by Big Pharma for-profit health
insurance companies Wall Street
just like the Republicans do that's why
some of them are silent other ones are
silent jizz because they don't know
politically if it's the right move to
make it is it is go speak against the
war speaking answer right now
