Jake Tapper did the most grossly
misleading so-called fact check
inaccurate fact check of all time so
let's watch this and then I'll break it
down for you hey everybody its Jake
Tapper from CNN's State of the Union and
factcheck.org and this week we're gonna
take a look at a claim made by two
self-identified Democratic socialists
Vermont independent senator Bernie
Sanders and New York congressional
candidate Alexandria Acacio Cortez they
say that a study funded by the
billionaire Koch brothers who are
generally I think it's fair to say
libertarians and conservatives that the
medicare-for-all proposal would actually
save the government money let me thank
the Koch brothers of all people for
sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars of lakenya
it shows that Medicare for all is
actually much more it is actually much
cheaper than the current system that we
pay right now is that true did a study
funded by the Koch brothers indicate
that Medicare for all would actually
save the US government trillions of
dollars no it's not true at least not
according to the author of the study the
study in question is a working paper
from the Mercatus Center at George Mason
University that looked at the ten-year
impact of senator Sanders proposed
Medicare for all plans now while it's
true that the Koch brothers have given
millions of dollars to the Mercatus
Center at George Mason University and an
AP investigation earlier this year
suggested that the Koch brothers do have
control and influence over the hiring
and firing of professors we should know
for whatever it's worth the authors of
the study said the Koch brothers did not
influence them in any way we asked
senator Sanders spokesperson he told us
that while the study says Medicare for
all would increase the federal budget by
roughly 32 trillion dollars it also says
that the projected cost of all
healthcare expenditures in the u.s.
would drop by two trillion dollars the
study's author says that that two
trillion dollar drop is not actually his
conclusion he said that's based on
assumptions made by senator
sandurz fact he wrote quote it is likely
that the actual cost of Medicare for all
would be substantially greater than
these estimates which assumes
significant administrative and drug cost
savings under the plan and also assumed
that health care providers operating
under Medicare for all will be
reimbursed it rates more than 40 percent
lower than those currently paid by
private health insurance in fact he lays
out an alternate scenario that does not
include savings from provider payment
cuts and in that scenario the report
says that there would be a net increase
in healthcare spending
now we're not here to make a judgement
on the viability of Medicare for all and
we have no idea if the Koch brothers
influenced the writing of this Merc a
dissenter study but it does seem pretty
clear that the presentation being made
by senator bernie sanders and alexandria
Acacio cortez about this study lacks a
lot of context and the author of the
study says they are not being accurate a
reminder to all you politicians out
there you're perfectly entitled to your
own opinions not to your own facts I'm
Jake Tapper from CNN's State of the
Union and fact check that or what a
perfectly smug way to end such an
incredibly misleading and wrong segment
so let's break this down because there
are from what I can take away from this
there are two giant issues here and Jake
Tapper is either misleading you on
purpose which is possible or he's just
so much of a nuance and and technicality
troll that he actually thinks he's
correct here which is actually a hard
thing to digest because once I tell you
his points here and the crux of the
disagreement you're gonna go oh really
that's how he interpreted this so the
first thing is the claim that he's
fact-checking that Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes and Bernie Sanders allegedly made
they didn't make this claim is that Oh
it will save Medicare for all will save
the government two trillion dollars
that is not what they said that's not
what they said at all you added the word
government if you go back go back and
listen to exactly what Bernie Sanders
said he played the [ __ ] clip of what
Bernie Sanders said Bernie said Medicare
for all will quote save the American
people two trillion dollars see Jake
there's a reason why he said the
American people and not the government
he said the American people because he
means the American people will save two
trillion dollars so in other words if
you take your private premium and you
say oh I'm not going to pay I don't need
to pay my private premium anymore
because now I do we have universal
health care in this country and it comes
out of my tax dollars well yes your
taxes might go up to get that health
care from the government but your net
saving money because your your private
premium now no longer exists you don't
have to pay it and you were paying more
in the private premium so do you
understand that that's very important
Bernie's argument is Oh take your
private premium throw it out the window
you ought to pay it anymore there's no
unnecessary rapacious for-profit
middleman there that's [ __ ] you and
price gouging you get rid of your
private premium yes pay more in taxes
but get your health care through the
government but you're still not going to
be paying as much as you were before
because your private premium was way
more expensive than whatever the
increase in your taxes is gonna be but
Jake Tapper takes Bernie Sanders saying
Oh Medicare for all will save the
American people two trillion dollars he
pretends like Bernie Sanders said
Medicare for all will save the
government two trillion dollars and then
he goes well that's incorrect Bernie
you're entitled to your own opinions
you're not entitled to your own facts
of course Medicare fraud would not save
the government two trillion dollars guys
this video has about 75% of the people
that watched it disliked it I mean that
is it is a stunning ratio it is like
whoa nobody likes this video because
even people who aren't like big Bernie
supporters were like yeah you're not
fact-checking this properly you're being
incredibly misleading he didn't say what
you think he said or
what you say he said and you're wrong
and then people on Twitter we're calling
him out over this and being respectful
to and saying oh I think you made a
mistake and they went back and they
changed like one or two things but they
kept the segment up and and the general
idea that that Oh Bernie is wrong but
he's not wrong
now the other thing is they're assuming
in this fact-check like oh we what if we
keep the private rates and have the
government like basically have the
funding flip instead of private funding
but it will be public funding of the
private rates that's the other trick
he's doing so when you put it like that
of course you're gonna say the
government is not gonna save money and
even the people under that scenario
wouldn't save money but why would you
have under a medicare-for-all system the
private rates being paid that makes
absolutely no sense because the private
rates include the profit margin include
the grossly higher administrative costs
which would not exist anymore or it
would be way more efficient when you go
to switch to a Medicare for All system
because we already know the Medicare
administrative costs are significantly
lower than the private health insurance
company administrative costs that's a
fact we already know that so for you to
act like oh we are gonna have tax money
so public money paying the private rates
Jake it's hard for me to think that you
didn't do this on purpose
because that is such a disgusting Mis
reading of a situation that it's almost
laughably stupid that you would even
think for a second that that's how the
system would work this reminds me of I
think it was the Washington Post they
did this to Bernie
during the election in the primary when
it was him versus Hillary they ran an
article about how oh my god it's so
unworkable and it's so stupid
now you're talking about Medicare for
all now how did they come back
conclusion get this guys they added on
top of our current health care spending
what a medicare-for-all system would
cost so they say
the private system it would still be the
private system would still exist as it
does right now there would still be the
price gouging in that system there would
still be the sky-high administrative
costs and we're gonna add on top of our
private spending the cost of a
medicare-for-all system and pretend like
Bernie's proposal is we have both of
those systems existing simultaneously
and then we're gonna take that total
number and lambaste Bernie for it and
say oh you're so stupid so many
trillions of dollars your system and
again anybody who read that and isn't
just a casual observer would go that
makes no [ __ ] sense he's not saying
keep our private system exactly the way
it is and then add on top of it to
Medicare for All system of course not
he's saying you reform the system you
get rid of the private system as it
currently exists you have a Medicare for
All system and you have supplemental
private care which is different so it is
it's so misleading and by the way again
here's why I think he might be
purposefully misleading people does Jake
Tapper unaware that in other every other
developed country they have one version
or another of a single-payer system and
those countries cover everybody and pay
significantly less than we do are you is
he unaware of that does Jake Tapper not
know about the Canadian system or the UK
system or the Australian system or the
system in any of the Scandinavian
countries is he unaware is Jake Tapper
that ignorant of what other developed
countries are doing no of course he
knows so then how can you make this
segment it's it's a matter of objective
fact we already know they pay
significantly less in some instances
half of what we pay and they cover
everybody and they have better health
outcomes so how do you do this segment
with a straight face somehow the United
States is unable to do exactly what
other developed countries have done for
decades get the [ __ ] out here this is
disgusting corporate propaganda it's so
it's so grossly off-base and by the way
even that murkiness study I think is
[ __ ] I think it's [ __ ] because
even though he mentions like oh they say
they weren't impacted by where the money
came from right sure in the same way
that if there's a [ __ ] tobacco funded
study on whether or not people get lung
cancer from tobacco
yeah there's no impact sure they're
being funded by the big tobacco people
they're not going to skew it in that
direction but that's the point is it
it's obviously [ __ ]
I read you guys the analysis before on
the show I've covered the article if you
extrapolate over the next ten years the
private system that we have it would
cost 49 trillion dollars for our health
care 49 trillion if you scrap that
system and do Medicare for all that
would cost 32 trillion and change so
we're talking about a saving of savings
of 17 trillion dollars I think that that
number is way more accurate I think
that's closer to reality than the two
trillion over a decade but see how the
how they they change the debate and the
conversation and they shift the
goalposts way to the right this is the
old Overton Window trick let's shift the
goalposts of the discussion so far to
the right that we're no longer having a
conversation about what's real anymore
so let's pretend like oh the two sides
of the ward debate are hey we should go
bomb and invade even more countries on
top of the eight countries we're already
bombing and open more military bases on
top of our nine hundred military bases
and the left-wing position is oh no I
don't like that idea
why don't we only bomb seven countries
and do it more with drones than fighter
jets so they set that up is like oh
that's that's the spectrum of debate
that's acceptable and reasonable and
anybody who's saying hey I think we
should pull out of all those countries
that were bombing oh you crazy far left
the idiot [ __ ] so then when I step up
and ice point out the thing that I think
is closer to reality based on the
numbers that we've seen in previous
analyses that oh I think Medicare for
all over a decade would save seventeen
trillion dollars they go oh legend
[ __ ] crazy [ __ ] idiot you
communist pinko loser
[ __ ] [ __ ] are you talking you know math
your letter to mouth nor do you even
understand basic economics bro so but
that's that's the reality of the
situation because now you get the people
on CNN oh I get paid millions of dollars
a year to do fake fact checks and we're
tie yes that's what I do
but he's effectively changed the debate
and the conversation now too
Berni a liar or is he not a liar when he
says medicare-for-all saves money cuz it
doesn't that's now the conversation
we're having when that is so far away
from the truth that it's mind-boggling
so [ __ ] you Jake Tapper you're pathetic
you're terrible at your [ __ ] job man
that's what you are the other day he did
this thing you know Donald Trump signed
a gross and obscene defense bill that's
717 billion dollars it's an increase of
over a hundred billion dollars in our
defense spending Jake Tapper goes out
there and does the segment does he go
after Trump and and the the Democrats
and say why are you adding I think it's
like thirteen new warships why why would
you do that when our infrastructure gets
a grade of D plus and it's crumbling why
would you send 8 billion dollars to
create a [ __ ] space force are you
kidding me we have people we have
homeless people in this country or is
gonna spend money on a space force we
already spend more than the next 10
biggest countries combined what are you
doing
what a stupid I thought the Democrats
said that Trump is beholden to Putin
he's a Manchurian Candidate and now
you're gonna give that guy a hundred
billion dollars more for his own army
are you [ __ ] crazy instead of going
out there and saying that what did he do
mr. president at the signing of this
defense bill named after John McCain you
didn't show due deference to John McCain
how dare you sir so we're gonna take
time out on this wonderful show to tell
you how great John McCain is thank you
for your service John McCain yes that's
what Jake Tapper does he serves
corporate power he serves the
establishment and he he puts on a
serious face and wears the ties you're
supposed to think
he's a straight shooter he's not a
straight shooter this is the opposite of
straight shooting this is [ __ ]
propaganda that serves the interests of
for-profit health insurance companies
and I think he's smart enough to know
that which makes it even worse
