special counsel robert muller charged 12
russian intelligence of officers with
hacking democrats during the 2016
election so this is from CNBC here their
bullet points are special counsel robert
muller has obtained a new indictment
charging 12 russian intelligence
officers with hacking democrats to
interfere with the 2016 presidential
election and with stealing information
of about 500,000 american voters the
Justice Department announced Friday the
indictment lodged by a federal grand
jury in Washington DC accuses the
Russian spies of hacking into the
Democratic National Committee and the
presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton
and of releasing emails obtained from
that cyber snooping with a goal of
influencing the election President
Donald Trump who has repeatedly called
Muller's probe a witch-hunt was briefed
on the case earlier in the week and that
the president is fully aware of today's
actions by the department said Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein okay so
here's what they say the indictment
lodged by a federal grand jury in
Washington DC accuses the Russian spies
of hacking into the Democratic National
Committee and the presidential campaign
of former Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton and of releasing emails obtained
from that cyber snooping with the goal
of influencing the election more than
300 people associated with the DNC and
the Clinton campaign were targeted the
indictment charges two of the defendants
are also charged with conspiring to
infiltrate computers of organizations
responsible for administering elections
including state board of elections
secretaries of state and companies that
supply software and other technology
used to administer elections said Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein it was
the hacking of a state election board
that led to the theft of information
about the 500,000 voters he said
Rosenstein said that conspirators
created fictitious online personas
including DC leaks and gucci fir 2.0 and
used them to release thousands of stone
emails and other documents beginning in
June 2016 okay so apparently right after
Donald Trump did a press conference and
said in that press conference this is
now a very infamous moment Russia if
you're listening see if you can find her
30,000 emails so in other words he was
telling Russian intelligence officials
were just saying Russia in general
whatever it may have been hey see if you
can hack in to get Hillary Clinton's
missing emails very soon after that
there indeed was a hacking attempt and
they did hack the DNC and Hillary
Clinton's campaign now he lists mulher
list specific Russian intelligence
officials in the indictment and says
okay these are the people who are
responsible for that so what I don't
understand is this Muller keeps indicted
people that will never spend a day in a
US Court ever so he's indicted people
last time it was the troll farm people
now the indictments that in my opinion
are perfectly valid and legitimate for a
Muller are manna fort and Flynn and I
think there's a substantial amount of
evidence to talk about you know their
guilt whether it be for money laundering
or other charges so I think he's spot-on
and I totally back him when he goes
after Manta Ford Flynn I hope he's got
something cooking for Kushner and some
others but in terms of this move it
strikes me more like the troll farm of
because you're indicted Russian
intelligence officials for doing what
Russian intelligence officials are gonna
do now this does tell me one thing
though I was not sure whether or not it
really was Russia that did the hacking
because Julian Assange swore up and down
that it indeed was not Russia that his
source sources were other people not
affiliated with Russia and he said that
over and over and looking at
history of transparency and exposing
dark secrets that should be exposed I
tended to trust Julian Assange because
you know he hasn't lied to me before so
why would he lie to me now I think it's
very likely he wasn't telling the truth
now and I think it's very likely that
indeed it was Russian intelligence
officials who did the hacking and then
did get the DNC emails to WikiLeaks but
I think where I diverge from other
commentators on the left or I should say
Democratic Party commentators on this is
I still think it was a good thing that
we saw those those DNC leaks in fact I
think it's crazy if you disagree with
that because we learned about corruption
we learned about the primary effectively
being rigged against Bernie Sanders you
know we learned about Hillary Clinton
giving speeches and saying there's this
bigotry against the rich in the United
States and why are people so intolerant
against the rich and we should have
totally free and open trade borders
which would be like NAFTA and TPP on
steroids we learned about the funding
agreement that the DNC had with Hillary
Clinton where Hillary Clinton her
campaign was so in control the DNC that
they would get veto power over press
releases at the DNC so one of the - one
of the two campaigns that were down to
the wire in the Democratic primary was
in control of the DNC as they were
pretending to be neutral all along so
what's missing in this conversation now
because all the focus is on would you
look at that Russia is the one that did
the hacks and and gave us the DNC leaks
there's so much outrage over who did the
leaks that we're now no longer
discussing what was actually in the
leaks and whether or not they should
have been leaked in the first place so
and this is the same kind of thing that
happened with Edward Snowden you had the
establishment saying over and over like
oh my god he's a traitor treasonous can
you believe that he leaked these secrets
to the dnsa had and that our
intelligence agencies had unbelievable
and the estat while the establishment
was focusing on that regular people were
like
oh my god the NSA is spying on all of us
in collecting all of our metadata and we
definitely should see this
I don't care how we got this information
it is objectively a good thing that we
got this information I feel the same way
about the DNC leaks that it exposed
corruption and primary rigging and it's
so important to see it that I don't care
how we got it and here's the real litmus
test man so let's say let's pretend for
a second we live in this hypothetical
universe where Russia hacked the RNC and
they leaked information about the RNC
doing primary rigging against one of
their opponents and exposed rampant
corruption within the RNC would you
still flip out would you still say oh my
god we've been attacked and a lot of
people are calling this literally
terrorism would you say oh my god we've
been attacked by Russia this is
incredible this is terrible this is so
wrong how dare Russia leaked that
information on the RNC that exposes
corruption and primary rigging or would
you say if it was the RNC you know what
I don't care how we got that information
I'm happy we got that information
because we need to know that information
because in what's supposed to be a
democracy we're supposed to have
transparency and we're supposed to have
our elections on the up-and-up and be
totally free and fair and open and we
learned that as a matter of fact that
was not the case so for me I'm just
trying to be logically consistent
because in a situation like that I got
to be honest with you guys I would shrug
and I would go I don't care if it was a
Russian intelligence operatives I don't
care if it was [ __ ] Swedish
operatives people from Burundi or like
Trump said a 400 guy a 400-pound guy
sitting on his bed eating potato chips I
don't care how we got that information
we needed to see that information we
should have seen that information and I
can't it's hard for me to fathom that
anybody would seriously be
arguing no we shouldn't see that
information because Russia because of
how it was obtained I'm not okay with
seeing this information which obviously
you should want if you want to live in a
in a democracy and a free and fair and
open system so if it was the RNC I'd
kind of shrug and be like I don't know
why you guys keep focusing on who leaked
it as opposed to what's in the leaks so
now with the DNC I find myself in the
same boat that yes it overwhelmingly
likely was Russia that did the hacking
and gave the the DNC leaks and Hillary
Clinton stuff to WikiLeaks but I don't I
don't care I don't care I don't care I
don't care and I know that that's gonna
drive a lot of you guys crazy and I know
you're gonna think that that's like you
know an outrageous thing for somebody to
say but again I think those leaks were
so important and so necessary now where
I would criticize WikiLeaks for sure is
you should have been working day and
night to try to get leaks on the RNC as
well because it's not like I only
support transparency for one side it's
like oh only exposed the dirt on the DNC
and not on the RNC no you should be
exposing dirt on everybody who has a
position of power who wants a position
of power who are in the government and
we know listen I'm willing to bet you
that the RNC is equally as dirty as the
DNC if not even more so because that's
the general trend with elected
Republicans and Democrats anyway is that
the Democrats are really dirty and the
Republicans are usually even dirtier so
that's the one part of this that you
know I reserve criticism for WikiLeaks
and others is that if you're gonna do
transparency do it across the board do
it across the board and we have the
quotes from Julian Assange saying he
thinks it's you know better if the
Democrats lose this was back in the 2016
election Julian Assange like is better
the Democrats lose now admittedly I
think he was making that criticism from
a left perspective in the sense that you
know it's the old backlash argument all
the worst guy will win and then when the
worst guy wins the Left unites and then
we try to fight and overwhelm the bad
guys and then everybody will be united
against the bad guys if the Democrats
lose this time
so I think he had a weird kind of
backlash he argument there but and he
was biased he was biased in favor of the
Republicans but the one thing I would
want is no you have to leak on everybody
you can't you don't get to say like
you're above politics and then play
politics and only leak on the DNC
another important takeaway from this is
the collusion stuff of like Oh Donald
Trump specifically working with Russia
no I mean if that's the case he wouldn't
have had to announce the thing he wanted
them to do in a press conference because
he would have had a direct line to them
instead he was talking and shooting from
the hip and saying Russia go get Hillary
Clinton's deleted emails if you can
please believe me
unbelievable and then they did it so
would you need to have this you know
very open very public pronouncement of
that if you are like whoa haha working
behind the scenes with Russian
intelligence operatives no you just tell
them behind the scene it's like oh
here's what I want you to do and I
definitely don't want anybody to know
that I'm telling you this but here's
what I want you to know he said it in
public he said it in public so if that's
what the Democrats mean by collusion
that Donald Trump told Russia hey get
the email or release the emails and
release DNC information and he said it
publicly okay fine guilty guilty of
collusion there you go there's your
collusion but anything beyond that I'm
still unconvinced and again to me I'm a
policy guy so it always comes back to
policy for me and when you have Donald
Trump arming Ukrainian rebels who are
currently fighting Russia when you have
the us permanently militarily occupying
Syria as we're doing right now remember
serious one of Putin's top allies when
you have US warships in the Black Sea
right on Russia's border as we do right
now when you have increasing sanctions
as we've seen repeatedly from the White
House it's hard for me to look at that
oh and the other thing is he spent all
last week
ripping Germany because Germany has an
oil deal with Russia and he was trying
to blow up that oil deal so that the
u.s. gets that oil deal with Germany he
was
Germany's a puppet of Russia and the
reason he was saying that it wasn't
projection like no I'm the puppet of
Russia so now I'm going to include
accuse Germany of being the puppet of
Russia no he was accusing him of being a
puppet of Russia because that their oil
deal with Russia and Trump wants that
oil deal to come to the US so if you're
a puppet of that guy then why would you
try to blow up his business dealings and
benefit your own business dealings
because he's not a puppet of that guy
Trump is as corrupt as it gets
his the people around him are as corrupt
does it get we we have so many examples
of this whether it be money laundering
whether it be working together with
other governments Saudi Arabia Israel
but when it comes to Russia the policies
are simply not benefiting Russia so it's
hard to imagine him being a puppet of
Russia but yes I will say I do think
it's fair to say at this point that it
looks like the original DNC hacks were
done by Russian intelligence but again
my counter-argument to that is one I
don't care because we needed to see that
information and - you're gonna indict
Russian intelligence officials for doing
what you know Russian intelligence
officials are supposed to do that's like
Russia deciding we're gonna indict NSA
guys for spying on them or we're gonna
indict CIA guys for spying on them how
would we react to that here if Russia
decided where we're now announcing a
list of CIA operatives or NSA operatives
or both who have committed crimes
against us and tried to hack us we'd be
like yeah of course [ __ ] of course we
try to hack you that's what we do where
the NSA where the CIA you're a rogue
state a foreign entity of course that's
our whole point so it's the same thing
here I think and then the final point is
and people have been making it have been
pointing this out weird the three days
before Trump is scheduled to meet with
Putin and do this summit what happened
this leaks so this information leaks
which puts a tremendous amount of
pressure on Trump to be standoffish with
Putin because now all US media in unison
is screaming oh my god Russia hacked our
election
this was an attack on our democracy this
is literally terrorism this is the worst
thing ever and and Donald Trump was
scheduled to meet with Putin three days
later so you have three days straight of
the media screaming it Trump you got to
be hard on Putin you got to be tough on
Putin you got to make sure that you walk
away from it not with good relations and
that scares the [ __ ] out of me because I
want them to listen I want the US and
Russia to have good relations I really
do I really do I don't want permanent
escalation I don't want a military
standoff with another nuclear-armed
power so it is curious timing that you
release this three days before they meet
and now there's so much pressure on
Trump to be more standoffish with Putin
so anyway I kind of filed this new round
of indictments under the same category
as the troll farm which is I don't know
what you're doing here dude I don't
Robert Muller what are you doing
listen I'm telling you I agree with you
with manna fort I agree with you on
Flynn
I think Robert Muller is doing a
fantastic job going after the people in
Trump's administration who are guilty of
corruption and money laundering in a
thousand different crimes I think the
fact that he's looking into Trump's
business empire is a wonderful thing
because you're gonna find a lot of [ __ ]
there man so I agree with that 100% but
the Russian troll farm [ __ ]
you know indicted people over memes and
now indicted Russian intelligence
officials for doing what you know
Russian intelligence officials are gonna
do it's just weird and it's just goofy
and it blows my mind that this like how
quickly this convinces so many people of
the the most grandiose extreme narrative
of like no Trump is now a Manchurian
Candidate and we all know it like the
number of tweets I got where people
thought it was like oh I just pwned Keio
cuz I told him chump puppet to Russia
get some things that are happening in
the media keeps talking about it are you
even gonna bother to
look into the details in the specifics
and try to you know go through these
things with a fine-tooth comb and try to
be objective about it and and see what
parts are [ __ ] and what parts are
not [ __ ] and then remember this is
these are indictments not convictions
and di't mints the old saying is you can
indict a ham sandwich so are we really
gonna pretend like we should shut our
brains off and go with the most extreme
media narrative on this without really
parsing through it because I think
that's stupid and when I see a lot of
the tweets that are directed to me like
Oh what now Kyle yeah what what now is
exactly what I'm talking about now that
this is my take on it I've given you my
detailed take on it and I guarantee you
they're still gonna be a lot of people
who think like ah gosh you know Kyle
he's won't admit the thing with
Manchurian Candidate idiot alright well
we'll see we'll see how this all ends
