convicted criminal Oliver North who sold
illegal weapons to Iran you know he was
a key figure in the iran-contra scandal
he's now working with the NRA
and he went on Fox News to respond to
the most recent mass school shooting
that we had we seem to have won like
once a month this one happened in Santa
Fe where 10 people were killed let's see
what he had to say about this and what
policy prescriptions he proposes it was
what do you say to young people like
that who have come to expect shootings
in their schools they shouldn't have to
they shouldn't be afraid to go to school
they shouldn't work at the fact that
they might not go home that night
because some crazed person comes in with
a firearm which is one of the reasons
why the NRA for over two years has been
advocating a program called school
shield there's finally legislation for
it Thanks there's 75 to 100 million
dollars appropriated by the federal
government to assist in it but if school
shield had been in place in Santa Fe
High School far less likely that that
would have happened the the problem that
we've got is we're trying like the
dickens to treat the symptom without
treating the disease and the disease in
this case isn't the Second Amendment
the disease is youngsters who are
steeped in a culture of violence they've
been drugged in many cases nearly all of
these perpetrators are male and they're
young teenagers in most cases and
they've come through a culture where
violence is commonplace what we need to
do is turn on a TV go to a movie if you
look at what has happened to the young
people many of these young boys have
been on ritalin since they were in
kindergarten now I am certainly not a
doctor I'm a marine but I can see those
kinds of things happening and
endangering those two gals specific
because this was the 16th 16th school
shooting so far this year that is the
most at this point of the year since
they start
keeping records after Columbine in 1999
to three key specific things that you
think would keep our children safe
well what school shield would because
school shell which is what it's it's a
program in the NRA introduced it two
years ago it's a will go do an
assessment cost the school nothing costs
the taxpayers nothing to get the
assessment as to what the issues are in
terms of ingress/egress the ability to
hide a firearm and get it into a school
the number of school resource officers
you really need in very few schools
actually have that but let's just talk
about that specific let me if I may just
talk about that specifically
this school has two policemen armed
roaming the halls the school
administrators said yesterday they
considered Santa Fe a hardened school
but there was no way to detect a firearm
being brought into the building okay you
and I came through the lobby here in
this in this building where we're
sitting right now there was a security
desk there there was a barrier for us to
pass through you can't get on an
airplane today without going through a
metal detector there's no metal detector
in our building are you suggesting that
there be a metal detector and I'm not
saying that's wrong a metal detector at
the entrance to every school for
millions and millions of schools if you
want to stop the carnage look that
you're not gonna fix it by taking away
the rights of law-abiding citizens
you've got to fix it in a way that
hardens to place sufficiently that those
kids are safe inside the door if that
means five metal detectors getting in
and out of the high school you get five
metal detectors okay Kameron Caskey one
of the park all right so first let's
talk about the multiple dodges this is
obfuscation and deflection this is what
he's doing here when he says you know
the disease here is violent movies
violent TV shows you know he implies
violent video games we live in a culture
of violence so I have a bunch of
questions for him over that the first
one is do you include you know for
example the worship of our military as
part of a violent culture how you know
at every baseball game for example it's
a showing of patriotic support
every sporting event period it's a
showing of patriotic support you know we
were in countless Wars all the time
we're bombing eight countries right now
do you consider that rampant militarism
as a part of our culture of violence my
guess is he draw a clean line around
that and say no no that's good it's good
that we're bombing eight countries to
the militarism is good what I mean is
you know the violent movies and video
games and TV shows that's the problem
well here's the problem with that pal
there is no evidence to suggest that
there's a link between violent movies
and TV shows and video games and mass
shootings in fact all of the evidence
points in the other direction there are
many countries that have the same
violent movies and video games and TV
shows and they don't have a mass
shooting epidemic like we do so you know
Japan is the perfect example they have
next to no mass shootings they have very
tight gun regulations but they have the
same video games we have same violent
video games we have so many countries
have the same violent video games and
movies and it turns out people are not
dunces they can differentiate between
watching The Walking Dead and wanting to
go shoot their neighbor Dave so I mean
what a [ __ ] pedantic condescending
shitty dodge that is like oh I'm gonna
stand up here and [ __ ] Yelp about
people's freedom but at the same time
I'm gonna imply that maybe we should
restrict the freedom to watch a violent
video game to watch a violent movie or
TV show or play a violent video game
what happened with your concern about
freedom I care about freedom unless it
allows me to deflect from guns which is
all I really care about in which case
I'll imply that maybe there should be
crackdown on those things the
entertainment angle of it because this
guy's obviously not playing [ __ ]
violent video game so he wants to come
for your violent video games while you
know maintaining a system and a policy
when it comes to guns where we don't
even have a universal background check
so [ __ ] you Oliver North and by the way
you're working for a group that lies
every time there's a mass shooting
remember the the mass shooting it was in
Vegas where the guy
wiped out I didn't know how many [ __ ]
probably over 40 people taking him out
from a hotel as they're enjoying a
concert and he was using the bump stock
and so the NRA came out after that
shooting and lied and said oh yes bum
stocks you know hey maybe these should
be regulated let's ask the ATF to
determine if there can be more
regulation in the current context well
come to find out they're mealy-mouthed
statement was nothing but a dodge
because the ATF isn't responsible for
regulating bump stocks anyway so that's
like saying hey maybe the DMV should
regulate Wall Street let's check under
current existing laws for them to crack
down well that's ridiculous because
they're not responsible for regulating
Wall Street so that's a way for them to
appear like they're in favor of
common-sense gun regulation when they're
not when they're not they're liars
that's what they are so [ __ ] you dodging
when you say video games and movies [ __ ]
off there's no link between that
violence where is there a link there is
a link between the more guns you had the
more violence you have okay now then he
goes on to Ritalin let me explain the
multiple ways now I don't know if he was
saying ritalin and really that's a
stand-in for oh there's a lot of you
know pills that I have a psychological
impact that are being prescribed so in
other words I don't know if he meant
literally Ritalin or if he's just kind
of saying that as a stand-in for all
pills
whether it's ritalin xanax or really in
most cases whenever people bring up
pills in this context they talk about
SSRIs antidepressants now let me explain
why this is preposterous aside from the
point that there's there's no evidence
for it let's say hypothetically it is
true that many of them who do this mass
shooting are prescribed these pills well
does that mean that when they did the
shooting they took the pills or does
that mean that when they did the
shooting they didn't take their
necessary psychological medication and
that's why they did the shooting you
understand the problem we have here so
is the problem that
they were prescribed the pill and they
took the pill and that's what made them
do the shooting or is the problem that
they were prescribed the pill and they
should have taken the pill but they
didn't take the pill and the fact that
they didn't take the pill made them do
the shooting like they should have been
on their meds they were off their meds
and that's what led to the shooting
so that's not like that's a really
really really kind of layman's armchair
pontificating response to this kind of
stuff I don't know the pills are
something know if we're gonna have a
conversation about this stuff stick to
the data stick to the facts
stick to the studies and of course there
was a Harvard meta-analysis done on this
of all the studies and they said where
there are more guns there is more gun
violence now that doesn't mean that you
know the oh we should ban guns and
that's the end of the conversation no
but it doesn't mean that we should be
having you know a debate about which
exact gun regulation should we do that
would make our system make more sense
and yes you can balance the idea of
protecting law-abiding citizens freedom
to have a gun but also balance it with
the idea of public safety and what kind
of gun should be allowed and what kind
of magazines should be allowed and what
kind of background check system should
we have and how comprehensive should it
be and who should we ban from getting
guns within that background check system
but we're not even having that
reasonable discussion because idiots
like this come out there and deflect an
obfuscated and then you know make up
[ __ ] like I don't know Ritalin or
something pills violent video games and
movies and then listen when when we get
to the police stated to the the solution
really what he's referring to as a
police state he's saying we should
basically have you know metal detectors
absolutely everywhere and we should have
like security out the wazoo everywhere
we go but as Chris Wallace pointed out
in this particular shooting this school
had two armed guards and it didn't stop
the shooting now that doesn't mean armed
guards are definitely the wrong way to
go it just means that if you point to
that
as a fix in an instance where we had
that in place that doesn't seem like it
makes all that much sense now I'm not
against the issue of the the idea of
some armed guards but I don't think
that's a cure-all by the same token I
don't think gun regulation is a cure-all
I just think that in the aggregate it
would tick down the statistics it would
take down the instances of gun violence
whether we cut at twenty percent or
fifty percent or whatever it may be I
think that all helps I would be willing
in a compromised bill to take the right
wing idea of having an armed guard or
something and mix that with actual
common sense gun reform like universal
background checks and a ban on
high-capacity magazines and things of
that nature but I do want to point out
there is one and this will be the final
point massive piece of hypocrisy in what
he's saying here that he doesn't he
doesn't recognize at all now these are
the types of people who say listen more
guns equals more peace and their
philosophy is hey the good guys there
are more good guys than bad guys so if
you arm everybody the good guys with the
guns will outnumber the bad guys with
the guns and that's why we need to arm
as many people as possible that's what a
guy like Oliver North would say that's
the NRA s position but if you notice
there he says oh my solution is
basically whatever metal detectors at
schools and more guards but my question
for Oliver North is if guns keep us safe
which is what his position is then why
would you want a metal detector to stop
people with guns from coming in if guns
keep us safe then wouldn't a metal
detector that's used to keep out guns be
the problem and the opposite of what
would keep us safe because again you say
more guns equals more peace so why would
you want a metal detector to stop people
with guns from coming into the school
and that that's the main point guys
is their logic implodes on itself
because ultimately they have to concede
on some level yes the idea is to keep
the guns out of the hands of the people
who shouldn't have the guns so since we
all really admit to that even though
sometimes they don't say it that they
admit to that step number one needs to
be a rigid universal background check
with strict standards as to who's
allowed to have a gun and who's not
allowed to have a gun and again that
won't stop all mass shootings bill
certainly tick them down for sure
because the idea is you disincentivize
the people who shouldn't have a gun from
getting a gun some of them will be able
to go on the black market and get a gun
anyway for sure but many of them won't
probably the overwhelming majority of
them won't because who the [ __ ] casually
has connections to the black market like
that so their logic implodes on itself
too and that's just something to keep in
mind if more guns equals more peace then
why would you want a metal detector to
keep out the guns wouldn't you want more
guns in the school because ultimately
they have to concede the logic of what
we're talking about which is you have to
keep the guns out of the hands of people
who shouldn't have the guns and if you
believe in that which everybody on some
level believes in that then the answer
is gun reform now your idea of gun
reform might not go as far as my idea of
gun reform and then there's somebody
else's idea of gun reform that would
probably go further than my idea of gun
reform but let's at least be
intellectually honest and talk about how
that's the conversation we need to be
having not this [ __ ] obfuscation and
deflection and oh my god it's the
ritalin it's the pills it's the [ __ ]
violent video games and movies it's none
of those things what it is is the
weapons
