Robert Muller has a new round of
indictments in his investigation that
broke over the weekend so this here is
from CNBC they say Special Counsel
Robert Muller Russians conducted
information warfare against us during
election to help Donald Trump win
special counsel Robert Muller said a
grand jury had indicted 13 Russian
nationals and three Russian entities for
alleged interference in the 2016
presidential election the defendants
allegedly conducted information warfare
against the United States election
process to help Donald Trump win the
defendants used fake American personas
social media platforms and other
internet media to advance their scheme
according to an indictment so let's dive
into the article itself we're gonna go
through the whole thing and as we go
along here and at the end I'll break it
all down for you and try to put it in
context and explain what it all means so
they say a federal grand jury has
indicted 13 Russian nationals and three
Russian entities for alleged illegal
interference in the 2016 presidential
elections during which they strongly
supported the candidacy of Donald Trump
special counsel Robert Muller's office
said Friday the indictment said that a
Russian organization called the internet
research agency sought to age
information warfare against the United
States to quote sow discord we've heard
that one before so discord in the
American political system by using
fictitious American personas and social
media platforms and other internet-based
media Internet research agency a so
called troll farm based in Saint
Petersburg Russia was allegedly
controlled by a defendant in the
indictment named I'm gonna butcher this
like crazy you have given e frog as in
who is a wealthy associate of Russian
President Vladimir Putin the indictment
said the internet research agency was
registered with the Russian government
as a corporate entity in 2013 and by May
2014 the group strategy
included interfering with the 2016 US
presidential election with the stated
goal of spreading distrust towards the
candidates and the political system in
general remember these words because
that's all important spreading distrust
towards the candidates and the political
system in general the indictment said
the indictment details in extremely
sophisticated conspiracy in which
defendants traveled to the United States
to conduct research employed specialists
to fine-tune social media posts to
ensure they appeared authentic and stole
real people's identities to purchase
online ads by early to mid 2016 the
defendants were supporting the
presidential campaign of then candidate
Donald J Trump and disparaging Hillary
Clinton the eight count indictment
charges the defendants also engaged in
operations to denigrate Republican
primary opponents of Trump such as
senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Florida's
Marco Rubio the indictment said some
defendants posing as US persons and
without revealing their Russian
Association communicated with unwitting
individuals associated with the Trump
campaign and with other political
activists to seek to coordinate
political activities foreigners are
barred from spending money to try to
influence the outcome of a federal
election as part of their efforts the
defendants also allegedly encourage
minority groups to either not vote in
the general election or to vote for a
third party candidate both actions would
have hurt Clinton who receives
significant support from minority voters
and after the election of Trump as
president in November 2016
the defendants used fake personas to
organize and coordinate political
rallies in support of Trump while also
doing the same to create rallies
protesting the results of the election
the indictment said on one day November
12 2016 the defendants organized a rally
in New York to show your support for
president elect Donald Trump while at
the same time organizing a Trump is not
my president rally that also that
also was held in New York Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein said the
defendants created hundreds of accounts
using fake personas on the social media
platforms Facebook Twitter and Instagram
to advance their scheme one example of
that was the Twitter account
Tennessee GOP which used the handle T en
ten underscore GOP and which falsely
claimed to be controlled by US state
political party the indictment said over
time the Tennessee GOP account attracted
more than 100,000 online followers the
defendants also allegedly used a
computer infrastructure based partly in
the United States to hide the Russian
origin of their activities and to avoid
detection by US authorities Rosenstein
said there is no allegation in the
indictment that any American was a
knowing participant in the scheme nor is
there any allegation that the scheme
affected the outcome of the election one
more time on this paragraph because boy
is that [ __ ] important Rosenstein said
there is quote no allegation in the
indictment that any American was a
knowing participant in the scheme any
American so I guess that includes Donald
Trump nor is there any allegation that
the scheme affected the outcome of the
election that seems pretty important to
me all the defendants are charged with
conspiracy to defraud the United States
three defendants are charged with
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank
fraud and five defendants are charged
with aggravated identity theft none of
the defendants is in custody the
indictment came four days after an
American named Richard Pinedo Pinedo
however the [ __ ] you say that pleaded
guilty to using identities stolen from
US citizens to bypass the security
systems of online payment payment
companies pinedo also bought and sold
bank account numbers over the internet
using stolen identities the indictment
said that the internet research agency
was registered with the Russian
government as a corporate entity in 2013
by in or around May 2014 the
organization strategy included
interfering with the 2016 US
presidential election with the stated
goal of spreading distrust toward the
candidates and the political system in
general House Speaker Paul Ryan said we
have known that Russia meddled in the
election but these indictments detail
the extent of the subterfuge the
Russians engaged in a sinister and
systematic attack on our political
system it was a conspiracy to subvert
the process and take aim at democracy
itself
today's announcement underscores why we
need to follow the facts and work to
protect the integrity of future
elections okay so I know that was long
but I felt like it was necessary in this
instance to give you the entire article
so that all of the facts are out there
and then I can turn around and interpret
it so my take on this is very simple all
of the things that are just the most
obvious crimes ever so for example
stealing real people's identities well
that's a crime and you absolutely should
enforce the law to prevent stuff like
that from happening the wire fraud and
bank fraud aggravated identity theft all
these charges to me those are legitimate
because you can't have people just
stealing people's identities and using
it for you know attempting to to swing
an election even if it was ineffectual
and they say hey there's zero evidence
that this affected the outcome of it but
those are crimes and of course you
should go after people for those crimes
now beyond that is this something that
has merited the response that it's
getting in mainstream media I would
argue no because what we're talking
about here is and we have to keep it
real about the reality of the situation
guys these are Twitter trolls they they
took like a dozen Twitter trolls and
they said we're gonna charge them and
you know our hair is going to be on fire
and we're going to act like
this is a giant attack on the United
States of America and if you think I'm
being hyperbolic by phrasing it that way
wait until we get to some tweets here so
that's my general take on it should you
go after the people who did this for
doing identity theft and for doing wire
fraud and bank fraud absolutely you know
just let people get away with crimes
like that but the reaction from the
media the reaction from the Democrats
has been wildly disproportionate to what
actually is going on here
because at the end of the day we're
talking about Twitter trolls who went
out there and remember they explained
it's not just that the Twitter trolls
were supporting Donald Trump the whole
idea was to quote sow discord so after
the election they had rallies in favor
of Donald Trump and they had rallies
against Donald Trump so they ran a
Tennessee GOP Twitter account and they
also you know there were reports from a
few months ago that said they were big
on trying to push black lives matter and
I think this is one of the reasons why
people like me have have been stunned by
the reaction from many people over these
stories is that we're just talking about
Twitter trolls that's what we're talking
about sowing discord is something that
sure you could argue they did it and
that was the goal and that was the aim
but even if they didn't do it I got news
for you it's not like the whole country
would be holding hands and singing
Kumbaya
we're deeply divided with or without any
interference from anybody so let me go
ahead and show you one of the other
aspects of this because one of the
points that I've been making all along
one of the points the jimmy dore has
been making all along and people like
Glenn Greenwald is we've all been saying
well you don't understand is when you
hype this up the Russia hysteria it's
inevitably going to be used they're
going to turn it back around on the left
now that's already happened because look
at what Google's done and what YouTube
has done in terms of the algorithm what
they've done is they've deprioritized
independent news and they've done it
under the guy
of no we're just protecting everybody
from fake news so Russian fake news
exists and it's out there therefore
we're going to deprioritize the Russian
fake news but right along with that
every independent media outlet well we
can't verify that they're totally
trustworthy and straightforward
so we're going to deprioritize them as
well so now I'm deprioritized
a bunch of your favorite political
commentators are deprioritized we're
treated like alex jones as if we're fake
news and you have independent outlets on
the right and the left are deprioritize
so now they they give they take
establishment outlets and those are the
ones that they hold up as Paragons of
virtue and truth-telling and of course
that's a nonsense it was mainstream
media that called torture enhanced
interrogation at the behest of the bush
administration it's mainstream media
that downplayed the the DNC email leaks
which proved that the primary was rigged
against Bernie Sanders its mainstream
media which praised Donald Trump the
most when he bombed Syria what a weird
time to praise him and act like he's
being presidential so mainstream media
spreads fake news all the time but
they're the ones that are being pushed
by the algorithm on Google and on
YouTube and independent media is being
suppressed so under the guise of
fighting Russian fake news and
propaganda they've attacked the left
myself Jimmy Dore print outlets like
alternate and truth out in TruthDig
alternate wrote an article months back
saying our views are collapsing and it's
because Google is hiding our website so
that's one of the main problems with
this Russia hysteria is that they're
taking the fact that Twitter trolls
exist and they go oh my god we needed
another round of cracking down so
Twitter please crack down more on
anything you might think is Russian
propaganda Facebook Facebook decided
we're gonna deprioritize the entire news
aspect of Facebook and they're gonna
push family and friends so that
destroyed a lot of outlets thankfully
Facebook's not our primary primary
source of getting our information out
there but for many outlets it was and
now they're screwed so what you have now
is Democrats
begging for another round of social
media and media censorship as a result
of this because what's the logical
response to this if you think oh my god
Russian trolls swayed the election well
we got to stop Russian trolls from from
swaying any future elections
therefore please Silicon Valley
oligarchs do us a favor and take
everything that you don't think we
should see because it's fake news and
hide it censor it ban it and that's why
this is so scary because if you don't
understand the consequences of this and
how this is going to be used as a moral
panic to crack down on the left well
then you're just not [ __ ] paying
attention so here's another round of it
right now as soon as Muller came out
with these indictments what happened
next well look at this so I tweeted here
we go chickens coming home to roost
again on Dems fomenting Russia hysteria
now your social media arguments in favor
of Jill Stein and Bernie are suspect
because their unwitting Russian
propaganda weird how Russia gate
arguments always backed the
establishment narrative and then you
could see there Vox tweeted an article
Donald Trump Bernie Sanders and Jill
Stein all appear to have been helped by
Russian election interference and then
Politico took it a step further
Sanders silent on claim that Russians
backed him in 2016 so you see what
they're doing there huh they're going
hey Bernie's not even speaking up about
this
so Russians helped him and he's not
speaking up about it is Bernie in
cahoots with the Russians is he a Putin
stooge is he a Kremlin agent I'm just
asking questions here this is like the
definition of McCarthyism and a Red
Scare okay so guess what Bernie Sanders
and he's been doing this all along he
half plays into this Russia hysteria and
so he released a statement saying it so
unfathomable that President Trump hasn't
spoken out and blah blah blah blah blah
well guess what Bernie what you said
wasn't enough it's never gonna be
considered enough to these people you're
already tarred with the notion of
potentially being a Russian
so even after bernie sanders released a
statement on this what happened well
look at what the MSNBC talking heads are
saying this is from re Mel burr Bernie
Sanders response to Muller indictment
does not address that this Russian
operation tried to help his campaign her
indictment just as I reported regarding
Trump that is a remarkable omission I
[ __ ] told you I told all of you this
is how it's gonna be used it's used to
suppress the left at home and it's also
used where the Democrats now make
right-wing arguments against Trump
they're resisting Trump from the right
hey why are you why aren't you putting
more NATO troops on Russia's border I
think you should do a military buildup
on their border haywire
why aren't you even more hawkish in
Syria sure I know you're staying there
indefinitely sure I know you bombed the
Syrian government four or five times
already but hey men I don't understand
some of those bombings didn't look like
real bombings maybe you should bomb the
Syrian government more you're resisting
him from the right which means you've
now all bought into the neocon narrative
why the [ __ ] do you think Bill Kristol
and David Frum have gone right along
with these Russian arguments because all
of their political ends are met by the
arguments the Democrats are making more
more censorship and marginalization of
the left here at home and then it's a
move to the right on foreign policy more
sanctions more escalation over Crimea
more NATO troops on the border with
Russia so move to the right on foreign
policy move to the right at home
domestically so look this is this is
insane this is almost that's almost the
definition of McCarthyism Bernie why
aren't you speaking out against this it
looks like Russia helped you oh you
spoke out against it well I don't know
you still didn't bring up the specific
points that I wanted you to bring up so
that's a remarkable omission Bernie what
are you hiding but it's even worse than
this why they're not just doing it to
Bernie Sanders you know who else they're
doing it to Jeremy
korban now in the UK so Jeremy Corbyn is
the UK's Bernie Sanders he's an
anti-establishment leftist he's in the
Labour Party of course leader of the
Labour Party
look at this meanwhile in the UK the new
Red Scare hits Jeremy Corbyn so they're
mucking up some [ __ ] against Jeremy
Corbyn about this hey are you in bed
with the Russians are you in bed with
everybody what's going on here Jeremy
why are you are you hiding something I
think you're hiding something and listen
this is how the neoliberals and the
corporatists try to win the civil war
that's going on on the left they can't
win on policy substance and ideology
because the populist left is going to
destroy them 100 out of 100 times when
it comes to policy substance and when it
comes to ideology and improving people's
lives so since they can't beat us since
Neo liberals and corporatist can't beat
us well then you have to play dirty and
how do you play dirty simple you just
declare that anybody that believes in
those ideologies and follows those
people Jill Stein Bernie Sanders Jeremy
Corbyn you name it well you're outside
of the realm of respectable debate
you're outside of the the spectrum of
Reason here because you're probably
tainted by Russia you're a Russian
stooge or you're a Kremlin puppet so
we're just gonna draw a clean line and
say you're not even allowed in the
debate and that's how the corporatists
and the Neo liberals try to win this
left-wing civil war that's going on
right now and what's said is I've seen
many people who were on the proper side
of that civil war now they've gone right
down that slippery slope they're there
right down that rabbit hole and I feel
like I'm in the twilight zone
where every virtually everybody's
feeding into this hysteria and they
don't understand the consequences of it
and they don't understand how damaging
it is and they don't understand that
they're being tricked so it's just
really sad now again I said you might
call my points hyperbolic when I showed
you how this is really about Twitter
trolls and then the reaction from many
people is were under attack
I wasn't being hyperbolic look at this
this is now mein
stream discourse in America this is
centrist Twitter in the US
imagine if FDR discounted the importance
of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor
and focused on how his critics had no
proof that he knew about it
hashtag Russian Pearl Harbor okay that's
not it
Chris Hayes had two politicians on his
