so it's time for ad pocalypse 2.0 on
YouTube everybody now
the first one as I've stated repeatedly
never really ended it just got less
shitty there was a brief period there
were we were on a blacklist secular talk
was on a blacklist
where we made no money even though we
had you know over five hundred thousand
views a day
nothing David Pakman was also on the
black list by the way they claim there's
not a black list they're reserved on
your block list there was a time where
they shut down all adds to our channel
but the bounce-back was hey we're making
absolutely nothing to well now it's a
sixty percent cut so be happy that you
at least got 40 percent that's where
we've been at and you guys have saved
the day by the way thank you so much
to all the patrons you have no idea how
much it means to me and how important it
is that you know you guys who are living
your life working going about your
business you care enough if you enjoy
this content to just throw like two
bucks a month or way I mean that means
so much it took me from not being able
to sleep because our entire business
collapsed in a day to saying oh okay
we've stabilized we've stabilized so
thank you to each and every one of the
people who support their show and I mean
that from the bottom of my heart um
now you now ad pocalypse is getting
worse so this is from reuters google
broadens takedown of extremist YouTube
videos it all hinges on what they mean
by extremist doesn't it alphabet inks
Google is the last in the last few
months has begun removing from YouTube
extremist videos that do not depend anat
depict violence or preach hate YouTube
said on Monday a major policy shift as
social media companies face increasing
pressure from
governments so they say YouTube terms
already banned terrorists from using it
so I've noticed that when you have the
word terrorist in a title instant
demonisation Isis instantly monetization
usually Israel Saudi Arabia instant
demonization sometimes we're able to
skirt the algorithms by you see those
weird letters I post in the titles
sometimes that effectively skirts the
algorithms and it stays monetized or at
least it stays monetized for a longer
period of time than it would have if I
didn't do that trick but sometimes they
catch on to it and they get rid of it
but they say the new policy keeps out
videos quote uploaded by others that
militants would likely try to distribute
if they could have accounts ok so do you
get that they're saying anything that
could potentially radicalize people
gonna get rid of it well let me ask you
guys a question
I've covered countless stories I just
did it this week of US drone strikes
that massacred civilians can that
possibly radicalize somebody yes 100% if
you're somebody let's say you know
somebody or your family was killed in a
drone strike and I'm covering a story
that explains the details of that and
how much the establishment does not care
in the US it's baked into the cake yeah
we kill civilians collateral damage
whatever it is what it is theoretically
can that story put somebody over the
edge and they become a militant yeah
yeah does that mean I shouldn't cover it
no it's a fact and I'm gonna cover it
because it's true did 99.99 I'm saying
the people who watch that are just
getting educated on what their
government is doing and also it makes it
so that they could potentially stop the
government from doing it we could fight
you try to stop the government from
doing so as massive potential upsides
but YouTube can technically look at that
look you're talking about drone strikes
that the US did that could radicalize
somebody sorry we're gonna we're gonna
have to take your video down we're gonna
and by the way though there's multiple
layers so just the first layer is D
monetization that's just the
first layer but then you get to you know
there's this scary new thing where
there's like protected mode and they put
people on and but then there's also a
mode where they try not to let your
go into the shared videos as much and
try not to ever promote your videos even
if it's relevant to what the keywords
people usually search for so there's
many layers of like de-facto censorship
and look in some instances nobody's
denying that there aren't actual hateful
videos on youtube like neo-nazi stuff or
you know Isis propaganda and stuff but
my arguments always been listen they're
not I totally get the D monetizing that
100% get it if they're literally like we
are in Isis and we want to be happy yeah
you could do monetize that no problem
but the idea of even pulling it down is
like why are you acting under the
assumption that when people look at that
video that they're automatically going
to want to join Isis when the
overwhelming majority people gonna look
at that like they would look at a
documentary on Hitler and they go oh you
guys are horrendous and we hate
you so the scrambled always sensor or D
platform or hide stuff it Det that's not
an instinct that makes sense man it
really does not alright let me give you
more they also say quote inflammatory
religious or supremacist content is
demonetised
so again now you're getting into where
do you draw that line supremacist
inflammatory religious or supremacist
content so that includes Isis obviously
al Qaeda what if it's just a very
conservative Muslim preacher what if
it's a very conservative Christian
preacher we cover Rick Wiles on this
show Rick Wiles the other day he was
saying how you know the left and the
Communists and the Muslims are the new
Nazis and they're coming to kill
Christians that's not true and that
could radicalize somebody should his
stuff be pulled down should his stuff be
pulled down that is supremacist content
inflammatory religious content when is
it just what is it supremacist content
when it comes to white supremacy like
okay neo-nazi sure what about somebody
niel Confederate what about somebody
who's just a run-of-the-mill racist
far-right person where do you draw the
line where do you draw it it there's now
they're inching that line more and more
towards I'd err on the side of caution
we want anybody to criticize us so just
hide as much stuff as possible D
monetize as much stuff as possible and
they also claim this my favorite part
quote their new policy does not affect
news clips or educational videos about
terrorism but YouTube will not always
have an easy time distinguishing experts
said on pointing to tactics such as
overlaying extremist commentary on news
footage to get around censors so in
other words if I'm talking about Isis
and I run some b-roll of Isis you know
talking or something on CNN that could
be demonetized and they're just lying
here when they say the new policy does
not affect news clips or educational
videos about terrorism I just tweeted
about this the other day one of the
shows recently we covered US tax dollars
funding the abuse of Palestinian kids
because that's a big story and it's true
human rights organizations are the ones
who wrote about this and that's why I'm
talking about it
we covered a story from ABC I think it
was a BC of the ROE hanga Muslims in my
am are fleeing I'm covering the how
they're starving and nobody cares and I
did commentary on that
what else did I cover oh the defeat of
Isis in Syria how series like a look
with the last town fell now they're just
scattered in the desert yay so I covered
all those every single one of those
stories perfectly newsworthy every
single one of those stories I am the
person advocating for peace I am on the
side of being a good person demonetized
every one of them and then they say they
have the nerve when I bring this up to
them to say well you know you gotta
submit it for a review but now recently
this is the new trick they're doing on
my channel at least I should probably
talk to david pakman jimmy dore humanist
reports see if they're experiencing the
same thing as me now the default thing
when i uploaded is demonetised soon as
it hits the airwaves does matter what
it's about like I did the Twitter D
verifying people story instant D
monetized
sinn I have to submit a review and
shocker look at that you need to have
over a thousand views first before they
you know they allow the review to happen
because there's a bandwidth problem too
many people are submitting it they say
well you gotta have over a thousand
views and when you submit it for reviews
I submitted the the Twitter D
verification one for review they said no
this is correct we're not gonna ver but
we're not gonna monetize this why I'm
talking about Twitter D verification how
is that what's wrong with that it
is arbitrary and I look what they need
to do is they need to have entire
channels have the ability to to say you
know what this entire channel monetize
cuz we know this isn't hateful even if
you don't agree with me and many people
don't but they were even saying on
Twitter look I don't agree with Kyle but
you should be monetize this is
crazy so and again here's my question do
you really want tech giant oligarchs to
be the ones deciding what constitutes
free speech and what doesn't what's
acceptable and what's not acceptable
mark zuckerberg my run for
president should he be controlling
should he have a say in what news his
real news or not real news if he might
run for president these these are the
same people who would have said back
during the lead up to the Iraq war
you're not allowed to say that Saddam
doesn't have weapons of mass destruction
that's wrong so maybe D monetize that
hide that call it fake news you say the
DNC was rigged well that goes against
the mainstream narrative so we're gonna
hide that too that's the same as some
 Alex Jones says about frogs
being gay or Sandy Hook being a an
inside job or conspiracy theory or
whatever don't trust the Silicon Valley
oligarchs don't believe me take the
Twitter example after Peter douche about
that you know Peter douches Peter douche
was a parody account that mocked Peter
Dow the most pathetic corporate Democrat
in existence it said in his bio
I am a parody account
his name was Peter douche not Peter down
on the site did nothing but mock
corporatists and neo liberals they
pulled him down he was like this has to
be some sort of mistake applied to get
back no it wasn't a mistake we're
pulling you down you're gonna trust
those same people
those people do it for Twitter but then
there's people who do it for Facebook
people do for you too you're gonna trust
them to determine whether or not my
video should or shouldn't be monetized
 you the whole channel should be
monetized cuz everybody knows I'm not
preaching hate you could disagree with
me ain't preaching hate and then
the final thing I want to bring up about
this is look at this this is from Kevin
journalist Kevin Rothrock okay
it says cheering Google News decision to
D rank RT and Sputnik it's part of the
company's ongoing crackdown against
offensive sites here are some other
apparent targets so Google said the
other day look we're done with our tea
and Sputnik what we're gonna do is
basically hide their stuff so even if
you do a search that's relevant where
there's an article on RT or Sputnik
about it you have nothing to do with the
Russian government or anything like that
you know we covered a story from RT
recently about I don't know what what
was it like a robotic sex doll or
something or some man in Denmark who was
arrested for having sex with a doll that
looked like a child or something like
that
that was a story from RT totally factual
you know normal story to talk about well
now they're saying all RT and Sputnik
content hide it so even if you search
for something relevant it's harder to
find it so D rank it ok well because
they say oh it's got it's fake news it's
Russian propaganda are you gonna hide
everything from CNN and MSNBC and ABC
and NBC and CBS for pushing the Iraq war
lie for literally calling torture
enhanced interrogation cuz Bush the Bush
administration said that called enhanced
arrogation we don't agree that is
torture they followed them like servile
puppy dogs are they fake news for
pushing fake news endlessly no because
by definition our mainstream outlets are
fine you know what what's not fine by
definition our alternative outlets
what's my proof look at these numbers so
oh yeah Google should prioritize stuff
well look at what fell here WSHH WSHH i
don't know who they are admittedly fell
by 67% AlterNet fell by 63% because they
say their fake news just like Alex Jones
Global Research fell by 62% Consortium
news these are all left-wing news
outlets fell by
47% Socialist Worker org fell by 47%
Media Matters which is even relatively
you know establishment II because they
do carry water for the Democratic Party
they fell by 42% common dreams fell by
37% International viewpoint 36 percent
Democracy Now fell by 36 Democracy Now
they're saying his fake news like Alex
Jones WikiLeaks fell by 30 percent truth
out fell by 25 percent counterpunch 21
percent traffic way down because Google
is de prioritizing them the intercept
fell by 19% the intercept fell by 19%
okay look man here's the bottom line
usually these outlets myself included we
I don't I hate asking for money
or support because I just want you to
enjoy this I don't want you to ever feel
like you're watching it's like guys he's
asking me to do cuz I would hate
that too of course of course but a lot
of these outlets men they're if you
support independent media if you support
support alternative media they need you
now more than ever
throw a couple bucks there their way you
know and whether it's me Jimmy Dore
humanist report david pakman Tim black
whoever you support donate to their
patreon help them out because right now
things are so unstable and they're
unstable on purpose because the powers
that be want to use so-called fake news
to hide pushes push aside and not
compete with all the outlets that are
not doing the bidding of the
establishment now listen of course
they're they're doing it to news outlets
on the right to I don't agree with the
news outlets on the right I don't think
their stuff should be hidden or
demonetized I don't agree with them but
I also think it's when they try to
pretend like we are the same as Alex
Jones you know what I mean that's
disrespectful and that's incorrect and
that's wrong and bottom line is we need
you now more than ever because if this
is I don't trust YouTube anymore at all
I don't trust them I simply don't trust
them I don't trust Twitter I don't trust
Facebook but I mostly don't
trust YouTube so understand there's
going to be absent flows in this thing
and alternative media independent media
needs your support because it feels like
an all-out onslaught on us
