so noam chomsky went on Democracy Now
and he weighed in on Russia gate this is
awesome let's watch there's a focus on
what but I believe our marginalia so it
takes a the huge issue of the
interference and our pristine elections
did the Russians interfere in our
elections an issue of overwhelming
concern that the media I mean in most of
the world that's almost a joke first of
all if you're interested in foreign
interference in our elections
whatever the Russians may have done
barely counts ways in the balance as
compared with what another state does
openly brazenly and with enormous
support Israeli intervention in us enter
elections vastly overwhelms anything the
Russians may have done I mean the even
to the point where the Prime Minister of
Israel Netanyahu goes directly to
Congress without even informing the
president that speaks to Congress with
overwhelming applause to try to
undermine the president's policies what
happened with Obama and Netanyahu in
2015 that Putin come to give an address
to the joint sessions of Congress trying
to calling on them to reverse US policy
without even informing the president and
that's just a tiny bit of this
overwhelming influence so if you happen
to be interested in influence of foreign
influence and elections there are places
to look but that even that is a joke I
mean one of the most elementary
principles of functioning democracy is
that elected representatives should be
responsive to those who elected them
there's nothing more elementary than the
now we we know very well that that is
simply not the case in the United States
there's ample literature and mainstream
academic political science simply
comparing voters attitudes with policies
pursued by their representatives and it
shows that for a large majority of the
population that basically
disenfranchised their own
representatives pay no attention to
their voices they listen to the voices
of the famous 1% the rich and the
powerful of the corporate sector the
elections Tom Ferguson's stellar work
has demonstrated very conclusively that
for a long period way back u.s.
elections have been pretty much bought
you can predict the outcome of a
presidential or congressional election
with remarkable precision that simply be
looking at campaign spending that's only
one part of it lobbyists practically
write legislation and congressional
offices in massive ways the concentrated
private capital corporate sector super
wealth intervene in our elections
massively overwhelmingly to the extent
that the most elementary principles of
democracy are undermined now of course
all that is technically legal but that
tells you something about the way the
society functions so if you want if
you're in terrific concerned with our
elections and how they operate and how
they relate to what would happen in
democratic society taking a look at
Russian hacking is absolutely the wrong
place to look well you see occasionally
some attention to these matters in the
media but very minor
as compared with the extremely marginal
question of Russian hockey and I think
we find this on issue after issue also
on issues on which what Trump says for
whatever reason is not unreasonable
so he's perfectly right when he says we
should have better relations with Russia
being dragged through the mud for that
is outlandish makes Russia shouldn't
refuse to deal with the United States
because the u.s. carried out the worst
crime of the century and the invasion of
Iraq that much worse than anything
Russia's done but they shouldn't refuse
to deal with us for that reason and we
shouldn't refused to deal with them for
whatever infractions they may have
carried out which certainly exists this
is just observed we have to move towards
better there are a right at the Russian
border there are very extreme tensions
that could blow up any time and lead to
what would in fact be a terminal nuclear
war terminal for the species and life on
Earth we're very close to that and we
could ask why first of all we should do
things to ameliorate it secondly we
should ask why well suppose NATO
expanded after the collapse of the
Soviet Union in violation of the verbal
promises to me fall Gorbachev mostly
under Clinton partly under both first
Bush then Clinton expanded right to the
Russian border you know for the past few
weeks actually probably more than that
but definitely more so in the past few
weeks I've been looking at the national
conversation i've been looking at the
meltdown that everybody seemed to be
having on twitter over that press
conference with Putin and Trump and it
really felt to me like there was some
sort of collective psychosis going on
almost like all of political Twitter was
having a psychological breakdown in
real-time and you know we were
watching it happen and it was really
strange to me because even people that I
I respect I was watching them go down
this rabbit hole of what I think is
genuine conspiracy theory and it's tough
because you feel after a while you you
know just just by asking for evidence
and not swallowing the mainstream media
narrative whole you you feel
marginalized and you feel lonely and
you're like damn am I the one that's
lost my mind or is it that I'm looking
at how everybody's reacting and I really
think they're unhinged which is it am I
the one with the problem here because
again all I feel like is I'm asking for
a coherent explanation of Russia gate
from the biggest proponents of it and
I've just never been convinced by their
explanations and I I don't see the
evidence now again this isn't me saying
like I'm against Muller's investigation
completely I'm not in fact I look at
what happened with mana for I look at
what happened with Flynn and I think a
Muller did a good job and I think the
money laundering and you know Flynn
representing the Turkish government
without registering as a foreign
lobbyist I think those are those are
totally real stories real crimes and I
support mullah going after them so I'm
not saying Trump isn't involved in
corruption I'm not saying that there
aren't aspects of his administration
factions of his administration that are
doing the bidding of foreign governments
I just have never been convinced of it
on the issue of Russia and when
everybody else seems so convinced I'm
like I don't know how they're that
convinced number one but number two I
don't know how this has become so
goddamn pervasive that it's like I'm one
of like three or four voices that's
going yep still not convinced but now
Noam Chomsky comes along he he talks
about this on Democracy Now and it's
almost like he just reminded me that I'm
not crazy and I watched this I was like
oh okay good thank God so somebody else
who I really respect and look up up to
and he was big influence on me even
getting started in doing what I do
and he soberly analyze it I go oh okay
good
thank you because that's similar to my
breakdown so first he says okay so the
issue is interference in elections
that's the issue that's the thing that
everybody's like Oh Russia's interfering
are let's stop he goes even if you
accept that as this is something that's
like really important that we should all
be focusing on ad nauseam now even if
you do accept that I think it's still
fair to say there's been way too much
coverage to this compared to other
issues like the fact that we're
participating in a genocide and Yemen
gets no coverage but putting that aside
for a second except that this is okay
this should be covered extensively and
it's really important well Chomsky
points out the interference from Israel
is worse and happens more than the
interference from Russia so again even
if you accept that premise that we
should really all go nuts of
interference in our elections even
though we interfere and everybody else's
elections and it's a given that they're
gonna try to interfere in our elections
and this should just par for the course
in international politics but even
putting that aside again being as kind
as we can to the opposing point of view
Chomsky points out but the interference
from Israel is just way worse so I know
that when you say this stuff people
accuse you of what about ISM but here's
the thing man how can you not account
for interference from other countries
especially if that interference is
orders of magnitude worse and that's
what he's pointing out so we discussed
it before but when President Trump was
president elect Trump Israel contacted
his administration and told them hey
you're gonna go to the UN and you're
gonna try to block this resolution that
condemns our illegal settlements and
they tried and you know remember Jared
Kushner got 30 million dollars from
Israeli banks so they're taking money
and they're doing the bidding of this
government and they're directly
affecting policy and this again was when
was President Elect not even president
yet and then
you know you look at what happened with
the Jerusalem embassy move is there some
monetary exchange there I just told you
a Jared Kushner took thirty million
dollars from Israeli banks I'm sure
there's other people in the
administration also taking that money so
and then they do a policy that no other
administration would do but the Trump
administration did that's a very
provocative policy that's exactly what
the far right of Israel wants and that
also ruins any potential for a two-state
peace deal down the road could be some
massive massive corruption there
Saudi Arabia is another great example
Saudi officials give Trump three hundred
thousand dollars when they stay at his
hotel for a few nights why are they
paying that much well they're paying
that much because they were buying
access and they were buying policy they
want like the over a hundred billion
dollar weapons deal the Trump approved
for them Trump registered eight new
businesses in Saudi Arabia on the
campaign trail then he gets in power and
gives them whatever the [ __ ] they want
he went from calling them responsible
for 9/11 to giving them over a hundred
billion dollar weapons deal and aiding
in their genocide of Yemen so again if
you interference in our elections
foreign governments controlling our
politics you have even worse offenders
even if you agree that that premise is
absurd we got to cover it all the time
and meltdown
you have worse offenders because the
strongest argument made against Russia
is that they were responsible for
releasing the DNC emails so they release
the DNC emails by the way they didn't
make the DNC rigged the primary against
Bernie Sanders they didn't make Hillary
Clinton and Debbie wasserman-schultz be
insanely corrupt they didn't make Donna
Brazile leak debate questions to Hillary
Clinton you know kourin made a great
point about this he said if the leaks
didn't uncover anything they wouldn't
have affected the election so if the DNC
wasn't rigging the election well then
the DNC email hacks and leaks would have
been useless so you're getting mad at
the people who are telling you about the
rigging as opposed to the rigging itself
that seems [ __ ] crazy to me I made
the comparison recently to Edward
Snowden
now it's not exactly analogous because
Edward Snowden was doing it as a matter
of conscience so he's like this is the
right thing to do to show everybody how
the government spying and taking all
your information and it's a violation of
the Fourth Amendment the Constitution so
Edward Snowden released information that
should have been released out of
conscience Russia did not release the
dnc stuff out of conscience and they
care about what's right no I think they
did do that because they preferred Trump
to Hillary but at the end of the day
either way we should have seen those
emails we should have seen those hacks
because it exposed primary rigging so
I'm more mad at the people who rigged
the primary than the people who told me
that the primary was rigged because I'm
not [ __ ] drinking the kool-aid and
going down this rabbit hole of insane
conspiracy theory and scapegoating so
now by the way does this mean that oh we
shouldn't take any action in response to
what's going on with Russia and their
election interference and all that no no
that's not no I I would lead the charge
if I was a senator I would lead the
charge I would immediately propose a
cybersecurity bill and I would
immediately propose paper ballots why
because that's how you try to protect
against this kind of stuff happening
again okay so let's do that
but you'll notice something guys every
single proponent of Russia gate that
shrieks and yells and screams and goes
nuts and points the finger and
scapegoats all day long and they won't
stop talk about anything but Russia gate
and the attack on our democracy go ahead
you check how many of them talk about
paper ballots all the time how many of
them talk about a cybersecurity bill all
the time they don't even talk about the
[ __ ] solutions so that's how you know
this is all being used for political
gain it's cuz they don't even [ __ ]
talk about the solutions you would think
that if you were really so concerned
about election interference and oh my
god we got to make sure this doesn't
happen again that you would lead with
the policies that would prevent it from
happening again and that would be your
main focus but no they don't talk about
that at all and all they want to do is
harp away on the problem without giving
a solution because they're using it for
political gain so I don't it drives me
crazy that people who are respect have
gone down this rabbit hole and are not
thinking logically
this and then again so final point is
Chomsky brings up concentrated capital
and that means you know big business
multinational corporations billionaires
lobbyists he says if you care about
interferes in our elections that should
be your first concern because just cuz
we've made that legal doesn't mean it's
any less real and any less egregious so
when you have a situation where in
Congress 93% of the time whoever raises
the most money wins well then you
understand why our system so broken
because those people raise money from
big business and corporations and
billionaires and lobbyists and then they
turn around and only do policy that
favors those lobbyists so we have an
oligarchy that's what we have they're
representing the moneyed interests there
was a study from Princeton that came out
a while ago that said indeed we function
as an oligarchy so if you care about
interference in our elections you should
be screaming about Big Pharma and the
military-industrial complex and Goldman
Sachs way more way before you get to
Russia releasing some DNC emails that
prove that they were rigging the
election so it's just the priorities are
all [ __ ] up and I lied I have one more
point the Democrats have now put
themselves in this position
anytime Trump does a reasonable policy
on when it comes to the issue of Russia
they will scream that he did it because
he's Putin's puppet so they will
position themselves as de facto against
any reasonable policy visa V Russia so
do you understand that's a very
important point let's say Donald Trump
says hey man looks like we're on the
brink of war I don't like that I'm gonna
remove the US warships from the Black
Sea that are right on Russia's border
I'm gonna get rid of the NATO troops
that are right on Russia's border
because that's a giant giant escalation
imagine Russia put troops on Mexico's
border with us we'd be like scrambled
we're going to war that's what's
happening right now but we can have NATO
troops right on Russia's border we can
have US warships in the Black Sea right
on their border and if Trump were to
decide I'm going to move those I'm gonna
get rid of those troops I'm gonna
de-escalate we're gonna do peace talks
and negotiations and we're gonna make it
so that we have a functioning
relationship with Russia and we move
away from war the brink of nuclear war
at that immediately every single elected
Democrat in the country would scream
that he's only doing that because he's
Putin's puppet and you need to not do
that so we're gonna have in the 2020
election we are gonna have the most
perverse incentive we've ever seen from
the Democrats on foreign policy where
they're all gonna be competing for who
can be more hawkish and who can escalate
more on the issue of Russia and that's
what I that's what drives me nuts is
that now policy is not even in the
conversation because we're so busy
hurling accusations of treason and
traitor and calling people Putin's
puppets that even if you proposed the
policy that Democrats should favor peace
talks negotiation not escalation not
increase sanctions well then now if you
do those things that's obviously
evidence that you're Putin's puppet so
we're in favor of a permanent standoff
and permanent escalation for rank
political partisan reasons and that
drives me nuts and I've tried to be as
clear as possible about this stuff from
the beginning man where I stand on the
policies themselves and what I can say
is this I support the sanctions over the
Crimea situation so that round of
sanctions I'm totally fine with but
outside of that I would not have US
warships in the Black Sea that's a
disgusting escalation and that that's an
unstable act I would remove the troops
from NATO's border and I would
immediately try to open up a line of
communication and have genuine
negotiations and talks and listen both
sides on this have legitimate bones to
pick I mean obviously Putin's upset
because there was Anna
that the u.s. not moved towards towards
Russia's border anymore with NATO going
back to the collapse of the Soviet Union
and we did exactly that
so they view that as rank aggression
from the West so they have a genuine
issue there with what the West is doing
now the West you know we can genuinely
be upset about how he annexed Crimea and
just took it and said Matt and you know
what he didn't Georgia back in the day
so there are real issues there but this
is why you need to talk this is why you
can't have a toxic political environment
where the Democrats are begging Trump to
be more hawkish and standoffish with
Putin so I told you guys a million times
I'm a policy guy that's what I care
about and so that's why this frustrates
me so much and why I think this is so
damaging is because now even if Trump
were to do the policies that I think are
the most reasonable policies every
elected Democrat in the country would be
against them and say how dare you do
that that's scary that's [ __ ] scary
so noam chomsky enlightening as always
here and you know if you're somebody who
has had serious disagreements with me on
this whole Russia gate thing you know
maybe you'll pause a little bit more and
they'll make you think a little bit more
when the person who's making the
argument it's not me but it's you know
one of the most world-renowned
