hello everybody hello malt oh by the way
for people who I mean nobody would know
this because we don't talk about it but
we literally talk for three seconds and
we just start recording
we don't yeah we don't talk for like 20
minutes and then we're like okay let's
do it
we're just like hey hey play record
gangster yeah so everybody like so in
other words people how what do you think
there's like foreplay to our podcast
well that's always gonna say how we
converse here is exactly how we would
converse off-camera you know what I mean
yeah there's no like yell we're gonna
talk about this yes keep there's no like
hey man keep this like off the don't
talk about that like it's just hey ready
set go and then we just talk you out
done like a minute ago and we started a
minute ago yeah I think I locked on 30
seconds yeah so I got I got the poll
questions for today man I was thinking
to god I got good ones for today I got
two polls that we're gonna do today cuz
I was trying to think of some [ __ ] but I
was like oh I can't really think of
anything well these are so good you're
gonna be like oh like I would have
thought of it if you didn't say it it
would have just came to you one night
cuz it's been there that straightforward
like these are like staples of the poll
question game that we could have asked
like the first time okay I'm ready for
him
oh are you eating the skittle says that
skittles nerds wrote let me see it hold
it up you got some hold up nerds a rope
you never had a nerds rule I don't think
I ever did no Oh what you can eat this
[ __ ] and then hang yourself with it if
you don't you can't make up your mind
what you want to do it's like it's like
a long gummy thing there's nerd stuff oh
that's good I like gummy gummy good you
know what I've had the meanest craving
for I talk about this all the time the
the old school WWF ice cream bars oh
yeah I've had the mean craving for them
on a level that like I didn't think was
possible and what's so frustrating to me
is that obviously now they don't exist
but nobody's like even it's not like
anybody else is thinking about maybe
making making it you know what I mean
like if they do like it'll be it'll be a
replica like it's not gonna be the
author you want one from like 1996
exactly like I don't know all
freezer-burned and [ __ ]
I don't know I think like good humor or
somebody makes it but I think so but I
bet that Vince McMahon is like no I'm
not gonna allow you to make it with like
it different well well kinnexa fell I
heard about that I heard XFL is coming
back gonna bring this [ __ ] back to me
except for ice cream bars maybe there's
hope then for the WWE ice cream bars or
XFL ice cream are as long as they're the
same [ __ ] taste of the old ones I
mean those were like seriously delicious
no I feel like when things come back out
that have been away for a while it's not
the exact it's not like the same you
know yeah like there's gonna I'm gonna
know right away though cuz I remember
exactly what those things taste like
they'll know on the first bite I'll be
like this is like a cheap knockoff yeah
that's um I'm trying to think of
something that like was big like back in
the day and they came back out with it
and then I was like Twinkie nuts well
Twinkies went away for like like a year
like they remodeled no they went out of
business and then somebody bought the
rights to make them mm-hmm but for the
second that like I even went out and
bought Twinkies when they were gonna go
out of business because I was like
they're like somebody might not buy them
again and then I will never live another
day of my life having eaten a Twinkie
yeah that's it tweek it's a wrap on
Twinkies so I went and I bought like
three boxes of Twinkies yeah it should
have kept them there probably still good
that's the that's the old thing is the
Twinkies like last forever because
you're so [ __ ] jacked up with
preservatives and [ __ ] exactly if you
see like all the zombie movies or any
like movies that's the truck you wanna
like find is like a hostess truck or
some [ __ ] if that [ __ ] probably has zero
nutritional value but it's so alysha's
so bad it's so [ __ ] up the good taste
the [ __ ] that tastes great is not good
for you yeah but then again there are
some things that are like kind of good
for you that taste good you know what I
mean but it's not so like like Mexican
food for example like the ingredients in
Mexican food are like good for you so
you should have good tasting Mexican
food and it's good for you you know what
I mean yeah yeah that's like the only
example I got yeah there's nothing like
that yeah there's nothing that hits the
spot like some [ __ ] bang and fried
chicken or some like Krispy Kreme
Doughnuts or some [ __ ] that's like you
eat it and you're like and this is
making me healthy yeah
Kayle you're not gonna be like oh my god
I'm have a craving for it it's like no
that doesn't happen it's so [ __ ] up
that that's it I died remember on the
sour powers that we get like the skinny
straw ones yeah you know it's got like
some like got some like kangaroo like
rabbit you lookin [ __ ] on the
front of it yeah yeah yeah mmm shower
pal they have on the bottom like they're
showcasing it it says fat-free on it
because they're fat-free like I guess
technically like through whatever
concoction Splenda and all this crazy
[ __ ] it's fat-free but mother [ __ ]
that's it yeah and plus like I think it
you know I was reading about how like
they tried to make it was the sugar
industry that tried to demonize fat for
the longest time and they were like
that's the problem fats the problem
that's the problem and don't worry about
sugar or carbs that's fine but fats are
the problem and then that was it's all
[ __ ] like you're supposed to have a
decent amount of fat in your diet the
thing you want to go lighter on is like
the carbs and the [ __ ] so everybody
was getting fat when they started eating
fat-free [ __ ] never he's like what the
[ __ ] is going on it's because you're
going nuts on like you're eating big-ass
bowls of pasta while you're eating some
fat-free [ __ ] and you think oh this is
gonna be good but no so that's like um
[ __ ] Oprah try to do that [ __ ] she
had like she was being Oprah and we'll
probably get to her later and help her
yeah but um she try to have this like
she came out with a whole weight-loss
thing or whatever and then her big motto
was like if you want to eat the bread
eat the bread Oh she'll still lose
weight and I was just like no I doubt
that work like I think like magazines
and [ __ ] came out later it was just like
yeah that didn't work
yeah there's no like none of the fad
diets work like I think there are a
bunch of actual there are a bunch of
diets that do work but I think that they
stand the test of time like you're never
gonna have I'm sure you all that looks
good I'm sure um everybody's seen those
commercials of like you know drink this
[ __ ] shake twice and you lose 30
pounds in a week it's like no [ __ ] stop
like the fad diets are [ __ ] or the
Newton the Nutri systems are over the
[ __ ] it's called it's like eating
[ __ ] cheeseburgers and
Fausta and you're gonna be good no but
there are different diets that work and
have different purposes like the
Mediterranean diet supposed to be very
healthy the diet that always made me
lose weight is a keto diet where your
body's in ketosis so it burns fat for
energy as a palooka to burning carbs for
energy sugar for energy so you just have
to eat a diet that's high in fat and
high in protein but yeah that was that
that's the [ __ ] that we do yeah that
we've done a bunch of times before is
your cholesterol levels could shoot up
and in the long run it might not be
great for your heart but I've seen
contradictory evidence on that so I'm
not sure exactly but in my point is that
that that is a diet where I know you
could lose weight on that because I have
you know what I mean yeah we've both had
results from that sure sure yeah
there's no shortcut though I mean
there's never a shortcut it's just
you're gonna have to sacrifice like the
big thing for me I'm Italian and I had
pasta like a [ __ ] all the time
growing up and then when I had to do
that diet there's just no more pasta
sorry you just can't have pasta no no
you want to cheat a little bit and cut
around the edges and usually you get
grilled chicken but you were like you
know what I'm gonna get a chicken parm
tonight okay like that's not as mine as
many carbs as a bowl of pasta but it
still carbs in that but you know you
should probably what they say like 30
carbs or less a day or something on that
diet if you wanted to do it ideally I
think yeah maybe yeah another you say
that I think that's what it is nothing
like you look at so [ __ ] everything has
everything carbs in it yeah that's like
that's nothing but everybody wants a
short cut I mean like yeah you can't
when it comes down to it you gotta work
out eat right you gotta like exaggerator
to be like hey what can I do in this
quick like two-week like no [ __ ]
you got to work out yeah you got to work
out and you got it you gotta eat at
least a clean-looking shortcut yeah well
you know what I've been I've been good
since I've been swamped if people were
wondering I've been sticking to my thing
from January 1st I haven't really [ __ ]
up yet the only things that and whatever
this is like semi cheating but every now
and then I have a bowl of cereal and
it's not a good cereal it's like a
shitty cereal but that's nothing wrong
yeah
what's the shitty cereal cereal of
choice Captain Crunch or Lucky Charms
bangers yeah they're good they're good
are you the type of dude that like I
think Lucky Charms was like we're coming
out with a marshmallow only cereal were
you a fan of that you need to mix other
thing in there yeah you can't just have
that but do you seek out the
marshmallows um
it's when you get a bite that has no
marshmallows that's a little bit of a
downer you want to have at least one
marshmallow in there you know yeah yeah
yeah no they're both good they're both
good I hadn't had Captain Crunch in a
long time but I was like damn comes to
play you know but outside of that it's
been a lot of grilled chicken you know
some brown rice vegetables you know I
drink that v8 [ __ ] all the time yeah I
saw that in the process but whatever
mm-hmm because I'm not gonna [ __ ]
what I'm gonna buy all natural like
ingredients and then grind it up in a
thing and I have time for that [ __ ]
wasn't my wife's been doing she makes
these smoothies and she has to eat uh I
think they're prunes or some [ __ ] damn
or I think it's prunes and she mix them
into her [ __ ] but they're like big-ass
raisin looking things yeah
best prunes I think yeah and like I like
the raisins but I think I like prunes no
I think it was [ __ ] yeah I think I tried
like prune juice and I'll leave this is
disgusting well it just sounds disgust
what I like raisins raisins are
delicious do you not like razors no no
I'm not a fan of raisins but I didn't
mind getting that little like it was a
red package right with that lady on the
go yeah yeah yeah yeah there's the
reasons California it was always mad
racist with like women and packages
ain't your mom remember Aunt Jemima mrs.
buttersworth that's to be our poll
because I'm tight and my wife she bought
mrs. buttersworth uh-huh and I said why
the [ __ ] didn't you buy Aunt Jemima like
answer mom is a [ __ ] when the first
Sarah Sarah yep yeah aunt you're my love
Andrew - Sarah oh my god but that [ __ ]
is dumb racist like [ __ ] the Washington
Redskins they should try to pull back
after Miami yeah they're like this is
our slave who we're putting on the phone
his [ __ ] Uncle Ben like food companies
were mad racist back in the day you know
it did centers that you're right about
that I think you're right about that but
at the same time I feel like it's been
around for so long that it's almost
the fact that it's racist cuz now it's
just Uncle Ben you know what I'm sayin
yeah but yeah right that the roots are
like San Francisco like cooking food
who's cooking food for like some white
dude yeah that's true yeah
I can't even live in San Francisco and I
got like [ __ ] job I got some money
like but I'm not cooking nothing I go
saying Francisco broke his [ __ ] okay so
you wanted to do Aunt Jemima versus Miss
buttersworth is one of the polls I gotta
add this to the list I don't know should
we do all three of these I'm thinking of
today or no man [ __ ] it I think Aunt
Jemima will win in a landslide that
might just be an easy one because I
don't think anybody [ __ ] with mrs.
buttersworth okay hold on I'm writing
this in okay we're gonna do today so
I'll just go right to the poll but here
are the ones I was thinking you're gonna
love these so the first one is who's
better or actually I don't even know how
I want to word this question because I
feel like I might want to word it by
like mess it mess it
messaging by bringing up MJ Michael
Jackson by saying like who's the best
since Michael Jackson or who's Michael
Jackson's heir apparent or okay and the
choices are usher Chris Brown or Justin
Timberlake that's a good poll question
that is good yeah
whoo you know I don't even my mind isn't
made up on this which is why I'm
bringing it up to you so that I could
hear your argument out because unlike so
much [ __ ] there's so many variables like
if you're like like a with it young like
light-skinned dude you're gonna pick
Chris Brown but if you're like a Corning
like white college kid you're gonna pick
Justin separately all right so okay so
that I anticipated you might say that
but what's interesting is you know you
know who Charlemagne is right yeah of
course yeah Charlemagne has a video up
from a few years ago where he was you
know doing an interview and he said
hands down Justin Timberlake is better
than Chris Brown and is the person who's
following Michael Jackson as the King of
Pop he said hands down and then he went
through a list of my justin timberlake
songs and was like you could like this
is a
Michael Jackson song I guess what this
is like I think you take back the night
and then he said remember when he did
that thing in like the MTV Music Awards
or some [ __ ] he did like all of his
songs and that [ __ ] went on for like 25
minutes and every one of his songs was
just banger banger banger banger banger
banger that's true you might have just
you might have just swayed me because I
think Justin Timberlake also embraces it
more than like Chris Brown is that dude
who plays basketball who's just got
crazy talent but like doesn't know how
to really like harness that [ __ ] in you
know so I don't think that makes him the
MJ like so okay so but now I feel like I
want to make an argument it's not that
crazy factor to beating women but put
all that aside for a minute because like
Michael Jackson was maybe did a little
little boys that's I'm saying that's a
pop made Michael Jackson Michael Jack
crispy I might get that so bad more
likely molest kids that's what the play
I think um I don't know man like to me I
think Justin Timberlake is great and but
there's like there's always a chance
that when I hear one of his songs at a
certain song I'm like may like most of
the time I'm like this [ __ ] is hot but
sometimes I'm like me did you hear his
newest [ __ ] that he just came out with
like it's okay like that's the same
thing that I thought right but when I
hear Chris Brown song it's almost a
guarantee I'm like this [ __ ] is gonna be
fire and then I hear and I'm like this
is fire that is true yeah like it but
that so but as over as a raw number
though Justin might have more songs that
are his that I love but it's a Garrett
it's like a guarantee that whatever song
Chris Brown releases I'm gonna love
where as uh sure uh sure's God forgot
about us her bangers but I for him I
feel like there's he doesn't release
enough you know what I mean I'm gonna
throw somebody else in the mix to go
ahead exciting tweet the poll yet Bruno
Mars I'll add him to the poll but [ __ ]
that guy he's out here too he's gonna
win the pole though that's the problem
is it you know like he'll get like 7%
[ __ ] [ __ ] with him but bet he's like
the more cookie-cutter one of all of
them even more than Justin Timberlake
yeah if anybody really is a second come
cutter he's like newer so people I love
Mars
you see they dig it you know he got
caught with like cocaine right and my
Vegas yeah that's why that [ __ ]
always working yeah he got like cocaine
charges or some [ __ ] in Vegas like
nightclub or something like that a
couple of years let him go let him go
[ __ ] you guys why you [ __ ] with
people [ __ ] okay so I'm just gonna put
who's better Justin Timberlake here's
okay my guess is this it's gonna be
close between Justin Timberlake and
Usher then you know it's gonna be Justin
Timberlake and Bruno Mars one in - uh
sure three Chris Brown four do you think
Chris Brown's in before I think he's
gonna be fourth because ever since the
thing with Rihanna even though we're
trying to put that aside for purposes of
the music people aren't gonna put that
aside you know yeah that's what I was
having that argument with someone the
other day or not the other day maybe a
month ago I was trying to say I could
still hear Chris Brown song and be like
that's a good song regardless of what he
did to Rihanna you know does that make
me [ __ ] up like I still thinks with 87
while he was married and that doesn't
mean he was not one of the best ever
best golfers ever [ __ ] saying like
there's a lot of Lucy Kate's still funny
yeah Louis okay there's another great
example yeah that he's hilarious but he
just jerks off in front of people
hey does weird [ __ ] not excusing it it's
just saying that that didn't take away
from his like that being that crazy of a
person maybe contributed to him being
such a brilliant comic but it also
contributed to him being [ __ ] up and
committing crimes sexually yeah I didn't
hear that [ __ ] and then be like Oh Louis
CK's not funny anymore okay so I'm
adding Bruno Mars to the poll right yeah
I think it needs to be added to that so
I just did who's better Justin
Timberlake Chris Brown Bruno Mars uh
sure and then do who would you rather
who would you rather the Spice Girls or
Hanson it's my sister saw Hanson in like
a New York City Street one time oh
really
did they look like her I live
really thought they were girls for a
while and then my sister was like no
they're there guys
I was like stop playing she's like no no
no they're guys I was like what I still
remember that like yeah yeah we could
have been girls in their first video
they all had long as they're playing the
drums and the song is like you know high
pitch they said they'd just come back
out with that song like it was so long
ago that they could come back out that's
a good foot you know I've thought of
that before like what if like a song
that was just super hot that just
