so last year we had the original women's
March 4 million people showed up I mean
that is such a large number I think I
think the articles of the time were
saying it was the biggest protest in US
history multiple different cities it
just all over the country people [ __ ]
poured out into the streets and it was
basically a sign of anti-trump ISM and
well yesterday in the day before we had
the second women's March that actually
carried over it was one day and then it
some of it carried over into the next
day but apparently in New York City it's
estimated that more than two hundred
thousand protesters marched this year
there were approximately 50,000
protesters in San Francisco five hundred
thousand in Los Angeles more than 40,000
in Oakland tens of thousands in Seattle
and more than 10,000 in Washington DC
they say that some cities like Chicago
and Philadelphia had larger protests
this year than last year and it's
estimated that the two cities combined
had more than 300,000 protesters now in
total about a little over 1 million
people showed up this year that's the
early estimates for this year's women's
March so you had 4 million last year
right in the wake of Donald Trump
getting elected you could argue that's
probably why we're even more people out
there now what year in 1 million people
showed up if that's a that's an
impressive showing you know you are
flexing some muscle if you get a million
people to show up anywhere for any
reason but I have to say you know in my
mind if anything it could have been the
reverse it should have been the reverse
so like ok if a little over 1 million
people show up for the first protest I
get it you know the guy didn't win the
popular vote Donald Trump he's a [ __ ]
maniac look at his countless statements
on the campaign trail that were just
genuinely scary and some of them
advocating for more crimes hey we're
gonna bring back torture and do it like
crazy we have to take out their families
killing civilians in the Middle East on
purpose so I get it I get it but there
was also an argument early on of hey
this guy's a monster we know he's a
monster but at least on economics he
said some populist things maybe he'll
pull through with it whether it's you
know stopping the trade deals that
outsource all the job
protecting Medicare Social Security or
any of that stuff he didn't come through
on that stuff but I could see it would
logically make sense to me that people
would say okay we hate him but just give
him a little bit of a chance first but
no you had the four million people
originally now a year later after all of
his monstrous policies there's fewer
people that doesn't make sense to me I
would say hey why don't you have even
more people this time around because
look at what the [ __ ] guy did the guy
just passed a tax bill that cuts
corporate taxes from thirty five percent
to twenty one percent that's a giant
giveaway to the rich and corporations I
mean we're already at a point in history
where corporations are paying a
historically low percentage of the tax
burden so it gives even more to
corporations shifting the burden on the
middle class and I mean that's like a
shock to the system holy [ __ ] look at
what this guys doing this is a this is a
class war waged by the rich and by
corporations on working people on
middle-class people and poor people
that's what's going on over a decade the
tax bill raises taxes on everybody
making $75,000 a year or less the guy
over three million people lost health
insurance his first year in office why
his countless executive orders that are
just taking a hatchet to the kneecap of
Obamacare gutting the the marketing
budget ninety percent so that they don't
get the word out of hey it's time to
enroll I mean the things that these guys
did they got rid of the individual
mandate in Obamacare which was the glue
that held the [ __ ] thing together in
the first place premiums are up twenty
percent and the list goes on and on he
appointed his cabinet is just packed
full of goldman sachs executives that's
why they did a tax bill that was in
favor of goldman sachs in favor of
corporations and Wall Street in the rich
because those guys wrote the [ __ ] tax
bill the estate tax cut that nobody was
asking for except the top point oh one
percent that's in the bill so the list
goes on and on I mean now we're bombing
eight different countries Obama was
bombing seven we added another one Niger
for good measure
you know we should have been bombing
seven now we're bombing eight and
Trump's first military rate as president
killed an eight-year-old American girl I
don't know why we're still not talking
about that that's a real
[ __ ] scandal right there instead of
the [ __ ] country's remark dad says
he killed a [ __ ] eight-year-old girl
who's in American his first rate as
president what the [ __ ]
increased drone strikes 432 percent so
with everything that the guys actually
done whoa uh how do you how was there a
decrease how is there a decrease how's
their [ __ ] decrease in people that
went out there and then look man here's
where my contrarian side kicks in and
I'm not doing this to be a dick I'm
doing this because I genuinely care
about these issues and I want to fix
them but look if you're doing a March
and the banner is women's March you're
blowing off steam that's what you're
doing you're blowing off steam
Oh women's March yay we're good people
it's got a very Hillary esque feel to it
a very mix em inist feel to it a very
you know we're for good things and
against bad things here's some
platitudes here's some cliches look at
the pink [ __ ] hats we're wearing and
there were I saw a lot of tweets where
people said listen I went last year the
women's March I ain't going this year
and the reason why I'm not going this
year is I don't think that these are
people who are really against
imperialism I don't think these are
people who are really trying to fight
back against corporatism and people are
saying look I'm like I feel like let
down by this thing that I became a part
of because and here's the main point it
is a largely leaderless now some people
will say oh that's a benefit but I
disagree I think you need somebody steer
in the ship I do I don't think you're
better off if there's no captain at the
helm and that's not to take away from
the people who are actually out there
protesting every single one of them
that's a good thing but you know you the
civil rights movement needed guys like
Malcolm X and Martin Luther King jr.
because you need to take this amorphous
rage that people feel and that's what it
is
it's a morphix rage I'm mad about stuff
that's what I'm mad about things are bad
and I'm mad well you need somebody to
step up and say let me let me explain
perfectly and crystallize why you're
really upset
and let me tell you the solutions Martin
Luther King came along and said what we
need is the Civil Rights Act what we
need is the Voting Rights Act and then
he went on to say his further arguments
were we need unionization we need a
living wage we need we need free health
care he said any just inequality in
health care is the worst kind of
injustice we need to end all these wars
the US government is the greatest
purveyor of violence my government is
the greatest purveyor of violence on
earth today so you had somebody come
along we said yes we're all mad you got
that amorphous feeling of anger anger
are vague rage but you need somebody who
says we're gonna color within the lines
here we're not gonna take the [ __ ]
crayon like a child and yeah no you're
gonna color within the lines here's
exactly what we're mad at and here's
exactly what the solutions are so I
think I think that's why you had a
decrease man you had a decrease because
this isn't issues based and when you
just and come on keep it real women's
March it's a strong identity politics
thing CNN did an article I read through
it I was cringing the entire time where
they spoke to some people who marched in
the women's March said why are you why
are you doing this so many of them were
like well you know I'm I'm for I'm for
women and people of color and the LGBTQ
community okay that's good
but what does that mean give me exactly
what so what do you mean so how exactly
are you for the LGBT community what does
that mean now if you said I'm in favor
there's over 20 states that still allow
legal discrimination against the LGBTQ
community they could fire you if they're
uncomfortable with you being gay so we
need anti-discrimination protections in
those places I'd say great that's a good
reason to March wonderful but when you
just say I'm for people or downtrodden
yes that's called virtue signaling I'm
just I'm Ford these people and these
things and then and then you know
there's a great there was a great
science
Nataly sure is a DSA member I think in
LA and she was holding a sign that said
single-payer is feminist or it said
Medicare for all is feminist now look I
know some people might look at that man
like why do you have to add the identity
politics angle to it but stop and think
about it because that's actually a
brilliant move because what it does is
it takes the issue of Medicare for all
and it personalizes it to many people
who are in that March in their primary
concern is identity politics now you and
I might disagree that the main focus
should be identity politics but as I
always say the solution to the all the
problems against minority communities
and downtrodden communities it's
universal solutions all the solutions so
oh you know the the criminal justice
system is racist because it
disproportionately uses the death
penalty against people of color for the
same crime when why people commit it
mandatory minimums are racist because it
usually are used against people of color
even if a white person commits the same
crime they don't get the mandatory
minimum so what's the solution in both
those cases get rid of the death penalty
get rid of mandatory minimums a
universal solution to a problem that can
narrowly be defined as you know a
problem affecting people of color so
that's exactly what Natalie Shar is
doing with that sign hey
medicare-for-all is a feminist issue
well of the 45,000 people that die every
year because they don't have access to
basic health care over half of them are
women so you say oh there you go it's a
universal solution to an issue that's
being framed in an identity politics way
now again if you're using that kind of
messaging to appeal to people and show
them the way to the right policies I'll
take it I'll take it you know in my mind
my sign would just say Medicare for all
but if you want to say it's a feminist
issue and that makes it so that Medicare
for all gets more momentum behind it and
guess people say yes this is exactly
what we want in the same way that vague
orphis Ange against a racist system that
Martin Luther King said Voting Rights
Act Civil Rights Act that's what we want
you take the vague anger of we're [ __ ]
really mad and say oh and here's the
solution fine fine fine let's do that so
but my point is you can't just when I
read through that CNN article I was like
this is a problem because you ask people
hey why are you marching you know I
don't disabled people aren't treated
fairly women and people of color aren't
treated fairly I'm for change you've got
it's got to be more than that or else
people will go you're just blowing off
steam that's what you're doing you're
out there going I don't like Trump okay
what's your solution yeah and you can't
just say oh I don't know Hillary some
politic no what exactly are you in favor
of cuz it's not you don't get to just
give up on all this when your side wins
because if you do that and you don't
pressure your side they ain't gonna do
deke mcgee-zax for you and that's why
you need strong leaders in a movement
and let me just show you my tweet on
this because this really encapsulate how
I feel about it
all of this grassroots anti Trump fervor
is a great sign now we must harness this
energy to real solutions for the 99% get
money out of politics medicare for all
free college living wage and the wars
new New Deal and the drug war and much
more so some might say I'm wrong but I
think that if you had a focus for the
women's March that went beyond just
women's March I think that could have
done better
I do and like for example a
medicare-for-all March that is the
solution that's the solution to our
health care 100% so I don't give a [ __ ]
if you say you know Medicare for all is
a [ __ ] feminist issue or Medicare for
all is a black issue or I don't care how
you message it but if that's the main
core of what you're arguing for I'm
[ __ ] right there with you but when you
just women's March okay and then and
then and
then I don't just want it like I was
thinking in my head how many people are
out there doing this March but in their
mind they're like okay I'm out here
doing this March and that's it like that
the like in other words the March is an
end in and of itself you know what I
mean I think there were some people who
were fine with that notion and other
people were like this is like getting a
little bit pregnant it shouldn't be a
thing like oh I'm a little bit pregnant
yeah we're marching for stuff and things
yeah that's what but no if you were out
there medicare-for-all we're not gonna
[ __ ] stop until we get it you know
living wage we're not gonna stop until
we get it by the way that's another
issue or if you wanted to frame it as a
feminist issue you can why most people
making the minimum wage which is not a
living wage are women so if you wanted
to hold the sign living wage as a
feminist a fine do it go ahead living
wage in my mind is an issue that's good
for all Americans like I said Universal
solutions for every problem but that's
um that's marketing that would work and
you would have a goal you'd have a
purpose you wouldn't just be a little
bit pregnant you would be [ __ ]
pregnant and you don't stop until you
have that baby that baby being a living
wage or medicare-for-all or ending the
wars or what-have-you
so you have to harness this energy
leaders have to harness this energy
towards productive solutions and what
happened over the weekend is when I
tweeted that it did decent in terms of
numbers for retweets and likes but there
was a congressman who actually responded
to me and he said you're right it's
start and this starts with electing you
know going out and voting and electing
the right people he said something of
that effect
now the congressman who said that to me
is Ted Lou I didn't respond to Ted Lou
but I part of me wanted to respond to
him because Ted Lou is one of the first
politicians who is relentlessly pushing
this new Red Scare he's all the time he
talks about Trump Putin Trump in fact it
says in his [ __ ] Twitter bio and I
don't take orders from Vladimir Putin so
my response to Ted Lou when he says that
to me is no congressman no it starts
with you a Democratic congressman and
all the Democrats putting these issues
Center shut the [ __ ] up with your Red
Scare and oh my god Russia Russia Russia
Russia Russia because there's no policy
ends to that that are that are positive
for the people there's no policy as to
that the only logical policy conclusions
from you fear mongering against Russia
all the time is an escalation with
Russia more sanctions against Russia
pushing to the brink of war with Russia
so instead of you putting that issue
front and center
you put those issues I just laid out
front and center living wage Medicare
for all and the wars and the drug war
new New Deal so on and so forth you
shouldn't be telling me oh it starts
with voting no it starts with you saying
these things to make us want to vote for
you
we don't want vote for you when you're
[ __ ] message listen Josh a [ __ ]
something no it starts with you
congressman it starts with you and
that's my message to the protesters as
well for the women's March I think
you're overwhelmingly you're good people
and you mean well but you have to
sharpen your message or else it
nothing's gonna happen you're not gonna
win if you're if all you're expressing
is amorphous rage and anti-trump anger
then all you're gonna get is amorphous
politicians who are anti Trump and what
does that mean it means nothing cuz you
get rid of Trump and what you have you
still have the system in place that got
us Trump in the first place
so again by and large I think the people
we're dealing with here good people and
they mean well but you need leadership
and you need to sharpen that message
because that's not amorphous vacuous
message list identity driven drivel is
not a long-term solution
it's called blowing off steam and it
makes you feel good but at the end of
the day it changes nothing
