so Donald Trump decided to write what
might literally be the single worst
op-ed of all time I don't think I'm
exaggerating it from beginning to end
it's just packed full of lies so he
wrote it in USA today and it's about
Medicare for all he wrote an op-ed
specifically on the issue of Medicare
for all
by the way shame on USA Today for
running that now some people might say
oh come on Kyle that's crazy he's the
president he couldn't you know he could
write not bad wherever the [ __ ] he wants
to write it but if your USA Today and
USA Today for the record is not known as
like a right wing outlet it's known as
almost like a very wishy-washy neutral
centrist outlet if you will your job in
the media is supposed to be to
fact-check those in power and to give
people news and information and what
they're doing here is abdicating that
responsibility and they're just letting
the President of the United States do
rank propaganda factually untrue
[ __ ] riddled throughout that article
and they just present it as if it's like
oh yeah this is one side of the debate
yeah but if you're doing your job you
would say hey here's the 17 different
areas where he's just flat-out incorrect
and to be fair like NPR for example did
an article where they fact checked
Trump's op-ed and they go no he's wrong
here here here and here and here's the
reality of the situation yeah that's
what the job of the media is supposed to
be you're not supposed to be a
stenographer to people in power and
that's what USA Today did they acted as
a stenographer to Donald Trump they just
wrote hey here here's what he says I
mean honestly it's it's comically dumb I
mean if you stop and think about this in
the context of imagine an official state
enemy of ours so you know take for
example the Grand Ayatollah in Iran if
he wanted to spread his propaganda and a
news outlet in Iran goes okay here just
just write whatever you want and we'll
show it to the people what would we say
about that we go oh so you're doing
state propaganda that's what that is
you're not doing your job in the media
you're not fat checking you're not
giving information you're not
trying to be objective you're just doing
propaganda for the government that's
what that is so if they do it that's
what we'd say when it sucks it's like
what do you know it's normal that's not
normal
that's not [ __ ] normal so if you run
it and check his ass that's one thing
but they ran and they're not checking
his ass and it's just I think how bad
the op-ed really is is leading to this
reaction for me because it is I mean
seriously
probably the worst I've ever read so
here's what he titled it Democrats
Medicare for all plan will demolish
promises to seniors that's already wrong
that they have this new talking point on
the far right and I'm amazed that this
is the point that they all sat around
and said okay we're we agree to do this
one yeah let's do that talking point
because at face value it's absurd
they're talking point is oh yeah if you
do Medicare for all then you're actually
hurting Medicare for seniors no Medicare
for all by definition is an expansion of
Medicare so that everybody else can get
the wonderful care that seniors get but
they they actively chose to go with the
talking point Medicare for all is bad
for Medicare you guys don't really
believe in Medicare we want Medicare for
all not only does that mean we like
Medicare we like it so much we want
everybody to have it yeah but that would
be bad for seniors how why are you
asking questions bro it's so bad okay so
here's what he says throughout the year
we have seen Democrats across the
country uniting around a new legislative
proposal that would end Medicare as we
know it it would expand it you jackass
and take away benefits that seniors have
paid for their entire lives
pause nobody's talking about taking away
benefits we're talking about expanding
Medicare so dishonest and
can USA Today went yeah go ahead you
could write this it's cool well no
problem whatever it is what it is you
want to lie brazenly to the American
people
fine go right ahead dishonestly called
Medicare for all the Democratic proposal
would establish a government-run
single-payer health care system that
eliminates all private and
employer-based health care plans and
would cost an astonishing thirty-two
point six trillion dollars during its
first ten years the idea that the
Democrats Medicare for all plan
abolishes eliminates he says all private
and employer-based health care plans
that's just not true
in fact in Bernie Sanders Medicare for
all bill one of the provisions is 100%
explicit and clear oh just so you know
this doesn't ban private insurance so if
you want to get your own private
insurance you go right ahead and do it
this has nothing to do we're
establishing a medicare-for-all system
if you want to get supplemental private
care free country by all means go right
ahead so when he says oh this is this
eliminates all private and
employer-based health care plans that is
just wrong it's not a question all it
took was just the tiniest amount of
research to go okay well that's just not
true the bill does not do that I mean
again shameless shameless lies and then
he said he says oh it would cost an
astonishing 32.6 trillion during its
first ten years listen to me
anybody who cites that without giving
you what the cost would be if we didn't
do Medicare for all he's lying to you I
need you to understand that it's not
like like oops sorry they just they just
kind of messed up and it slipped their
mind to give you that number the cost of
what it would be without Medicare for
all the cost if we just kept going the
exact same way we're going if they just
tell you the thirty six point thirty two
point six trillion number and I don't
give you the other information they're
lying to you and misleading on purpose
that's not conjecture that's the reality
of it so even according to a Koch
brothers funded study it would save
Medicare for all would
save two trillion dollars now my guess
is it would actually save more than two
trillion dollars but even according to a
Koch stunted fuddy is stunted funny nice
words funded study it would save two
trillion dollars so in other words if
thirty two point six trillion is the
cost of Medicare for all over ten years
it would be thirty four point six
trillion if we just kept going exactly
as is weird how he's not fear-mongering
over that weird how nobody says how can
we afford to continue doing a healthcare
exactly as we're doing it which by the
way that's the real concern how can we
afford it we paid at least double what
other developed countries pay and they
cover everybody and they have better
health outcomes so the real question is
how that how can we afford our
disastrous system that we have right now
well what does he do lies mislead you it
would cost thirty two point six trillion
hey Don what would it cost so we just
kept doing what we're doing now Shh new
phone who it is he says as a candidate I
promised that we would protect coverage
for patients with pre-existing
conditions and create new health care
insurance options that would lower
premiums I have kept that promise and we
are now seeing health insurance premiums
coming down alright I promised that we
would protect coverage for patients with
pre-existing conditions the Trump
administration right now is involved in
a lawsuit to eliminate the protections
for pre-existing conditions and it's
actually honestly it's worse than that
too because as his administration is in
court trying to slap down the
protections for pre-existing conditions
he's doing rallies all across the
country going I'm gonna protect your
pre-existing conditions
well then drop the [ __ ] lawsuit but
he's not doing that why because he has
he doesn't it doesn't bother him when he
lies it doesn't bother him at all he's
like yeah I'll just say this and we'll
do that he says oh we've created new
health care insurance options what are
you talking about under Trump you know
how many people lost their health
insurance in the first year as a direct
result of his executive orders that went
after Obamacare so he's basically you
know
shivved Obamacare in the side and and
acted like what what do you mean this is
what everybody wants raising this a
wonderful thing 8 million people have
lost health insurance under Trump's
first year in as president and when he
says oh we created new low-cost plans
Obamacare got rid of catastrophic
coverage because it was they were scams
so in other words they would say oh look
we a health insurance company we say oh
we offer really cheap insurance here
we're gonna charge you like 120 bucks or
a hundred fifty bucks a month and then
what would happen is if you read the
fine print of the plan you get no
coverage like they take money from you
and then they give you nothing and the
only time they pay out anything at all
and even if they pay out it's a tiny
percentage of what the cost would
actually be it's when you're like gonna
die
so the catastrophic insurance plans were
eliminated because it's a scam that's
what it is
so Trump comes along and goes oh well
let's allow the health insurance
companies to scam people and then what
happens he brags about it I've created a
new health care insurance options that
would lower premiums yeah cuz you're not
giving anybody coverage these notes
don't give coverage that's why they were
eliminated they were it was basically
fraud and he's bragging about bringing
back the plans that have fraud so
misleading this entire op-ed is
disgusting he says I also made a solemn
promise to our great seniors to protect
Medicare you do know that his tax bill
actually cut Medicare right he continues
that is why I am fighting so hard
against the Democrats plan that would
eviscerate Medicare Democrats have
already harm seniors by slashing
Medicare by more than eight hundred
billion dollars over ten years to pay
for Obama care
pause pay for Obama care [ __ ] you
talking about pay for Obama care
the majority of Obama care is the
individual mandate which makes it so the
people have to buy from private health
insurance so it cut the deficit the idea
that like oh it's cost so much I had to
pay for Obama care
again I don't think he understands the
most basic things about our health care
system he really doesn't okay more
likewise Democrats would gut Medicare
with their planned government takeover
of America
health care the Democrats plan threatens
America's seniors the Democrats plan
means that after a life of hard work and
sacrifice seniors would no longer be
able to depend on the benefits they were
promised by eliminating Medicare as a
program for seniors and outlawing the
ability of Americans to enroll in
private and employer based plans the
Democratic plan would inevitably lead to
massive rationing of health care and
wrong again so again we already
established it's just not true that all
this bans private health insurance the
Medicare for all bill specifically says
we are not banning private insurance
he's I don't care just lie better anyway
and the point on rationing this is the
point that you run into the most when
you talk about Medicare for all and
ironically it's one of the most
misleading points - but it's powered it
over and over and over and over
the reality is literally every country
on earth rations care it's just a matter
of how you decide to do it now in
single-payer countries what they do is
they do it based on care so whoever
needs care the most gets it immediately
that's the way it works so in other
words if you have an elective procedure
so in other words a seed you don't
necessarily need right away then yeah
you might have to wait a little bit you
want to know why because the the health
insurance the health care system is busy
helping people who need the care right
this second it's kind of an important
point don't you think now in the u.s. we
ration care based on size of your wallet
so don't get me wrong if you are you
know in the elite if you're in the top
1% if you're a [ __ ] Saudi prince oh
yeah you're gonna get health care in
America because we got the best for the
very top for everybody else it's the
worst in the developed world again not
an opinion a fact not an opinion
a fact our health care system for
regular people the worst in the
developed world this has been studied
over and over and every report comes to
the exact same conclusion so we do
ration care but we ration care based on
how rich are you other countries ration
care based on oh do you need do you need
help now then of course you're gonna get
it right now and then furthermore they
love to come up with these like
individual stories
there was a guy named Ted who lived in
the UK and he had a bad experience with
the NHS obviously single-payer health
care dum tell them to take their
anecdotes and shove them right up their
ass why there's a reason it's an
anecdote it actually doesn't tell the
whole story the reality is in the United
States of America
depending on the year anywhere between
30 2014 5 thousand people die every
single year because they don't have
access to basic health care between 30
2014 5 thousand Harvard study came to
that conclusion that's how many people
die because they don't have access to
basic health care you know what that
numbers in Canada zero
you know what that number is in
Australia zero you know what that number
is in France or the UK 0 0 Norway
Denmark Iceland Sweden zero zero zero
zero so you have to understand that in
order to say the things he's saying you
have to be working backwards from your
conclusion or you have to be just
massively corrupt because you're just
doing the bidding of the for-profit
health insurance companies so you're
like I don't care I'll just say whatever
that's the only way you can come to the
conclusions that he's coming to you know
and let's face it like I said a thousand
times ready this is just the whole thing
is alive from beginning to end
he's just lie lie lie lie lie one after
the other from Donald Trump all right
more doctors and hospitals would be put
out of business and wrong seniors would
lose access to their favorite doctors
and wrong there would be long wait lines
for appointments and procedures and
wrong previously covered care would be
effectively denied aren't wrong in
practice the Democratic Party's
so-called Medicare for all would really
be Medicare for none how non witty did
you come up with that yourself you
[ __ ] buffoon under the Democrats plan
today's Medicare would be forced to die
it would be forced to expand the
Democrats plan also would mean the end
of choice for seniors over their own
health care decisions and it wrong
instead Democrats would give total
and control over seniors healthcare
decisions to the bureaucrats in
Washington DC wrong and by the way you
guys are so concerned with death panels
or so you say you do know we have death
panels right the [ __ ] now right
they're called for-profit health
insurance companies and they can just
willy-nilly decide yeah we don't want to
cover your your surgery so either die or
go bankrupt by the way how many medical
bankruptcies are there in other
developed countries none how many are
there in the US it's one of the top it's
one of the leading causes of
bankruptcies neon states of america
medical bankruptcies that's a thing that
exists here doesn't exist there doesn't
exist in other developed countries
endless lies the first thing the
Democratic plan would do to end choice
for seniors is eliminate Medicare
Advantage plans for about 20 million
seniors as well as eliminate other
private health plans that seniors
currently use to supplement their
Medicare coverage all eyes next the
Democrats would eliminate every
American's private and employer-based
health plans notice how he's just
repeating the same lies over and over it
is right there in their proposed
legislation no it's not the opposite is
in the legislation Democrats outlaw
private health plans that offer the same
benefits as the government plan
Americans might think that such an
extreme anti senior anti choice and anti
consumer proposal for government-run
health care would find little support
among Democrats in Congress
unfortunately they would be wrong 123
Democrats in the House of
Representatives 64% of House Democrats
as well as 15 Democrats have already
formed a code and have already formally
co-sponsored this legislation Democratic
nominees for governor in Florida
California Maryland are all campaigning
in support of it as are many Democratic
congressional candidates yeah it should
be more and by the way if the Democrats
shy away from pushing Medicare for all
now as a result of this Trump op-ed they
are the dumbest people politically on
the planet because this is I mean he's
giving you a gift the gift is hey I'm
arguing against health care for
everybody that's cheaper and better and
my guess is especially among like Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer's they already
don't support Medicare for all
all they're gonna behind-the-scenes
they're like you have to stop talking
about Medicare for all we're gonna get
clobbered by the Republicans or Chuck
you can I don't know what's that word
I'm looking for respond like you have
the ability to fight back and you have a
political winner here
100 percent 70 percent of the country
now supports Medicare 70% of the
country's ports Medicare for all did you
know even a majority of Republicans
support Medicare for all it is wildly
politically popular and that's only with
a handful of elected officials
Democratic politicians actually making
the case so Bernie Sanders is making the
case Rokon is making the case you know
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes who's not even
in Congress yet is making the case so
honestly stop and think about that
there's only a handful of people even
making the right points on Medicare for
all and it's already 70 percent popular
imagine if the entire Democratic Party
got on the same page and all push the
proper arguments and all said the things
that I tell you guys on a regular basis
like oh yeah would save two trillion
dollars and you cover everybody and we
cut our health care costs in half just
imagine for a second if every Democrat
was like you do know we're the only
developed country that doesn't have a
one version or another of a single-payer
system right you do understand that that
we ranked last in the developed world
you do get that right if every Democrat
make this point I swear the polls would
be like 95 percent in favor of Medicare
