holla holla holla here welcome to the
kyln quorum podcast today I will be
speaking with the white Malcolm X how
much is the one you know is it the Wi-Fi
or is it not honest not the Wi-Fi think
it was my I think I unplug my headphones
been there done that and now the new
iPhone has a like a USB cord that it
comes with like an adapter yeah you were
talking about the headphones last time
you hate that you wanted them to just
put your phone jack in there sucks yeah
I'm used to I I never used the
headphones on my old iPhone so like me
plugging it right into the thing where
the charger goes in it didn't bother me
I was like whatever I don't care
wait you had the adapter you didn't have
the adapter no no so I'm talking about
when I had the iPhone 4 oh I had an
iPhone 4 forever because that's that
dude who doesn't like to change like now
I have iPhone 7 I probably will get rid
of it in the year 2026 and that might
not be an exaggeration so like I believe
when they came out with like the first
like iPod yeah I had the mini the iPod
mini like the first iPod mini did you
have a color one or no no just the
regular silver one cuz like once they
started coming out with the color ones
those well they first came out with that
Mac computers back in the day remember
when they had those shits and it was
like a different colored ones yeah
yeah I never got one of those but like I
think one of my friends maybe had like
the the turquoise one or the orange one
those would have been the only colors
they made for for the old Mac computers
yeah you remember they had like the
colored computers hmm yeah I think I do
but didn't they come in a whole bunch of
different colors I feel like they did
but the only ones I could remember was
like it's like a turquoise blue and an
orange one I don't I can't
I don't can't picture like and I
remember the old old old Macs when Mac
was like not even Mac yet like the Apple
computers yeah like when the keyboard
was connected to the actual computer
yeah yeah I remember those I feel like
we use them back in school like way way
way back in the day
yeah those were the ones we played like
Oregon Trail and all that [ __ ] oh yeah
and I got dysentery and died I had or
clock cholera or some [ __ ] I had the
iPhone 4 and I never used like I'm I'm
not that person that like you know
listens to podcasts sorry I'm getting a
phone call I gotta turn that [ __ ] off
what is your ringtone sounded like a
like a old like hippopotamus or
something like that
oh you heard the thing I thought I heard
like ah alright I think it's just like
no it's I got the normal ringtone thing
but I think it's just uh maybe it comes
into our call like that Oh maybe cuz I
got the call on my iPhone and we're
talking on a Mac and so it linked up and
hit the [ __ ] number Oh corner of the
screen and I was like what the [ __ ] is
this Oh anyway I was gonna say I had
that iPhone 4 I'm not that kind of
person that like usually listens to like
podcast and [ __ ] on my phone and I just
started doing that more recently but I
used to have an i the the headphone plug
that like I didn't use that on my iPhone
4 so for me to plug it straight into the
charger port thing didn't bother me I
was like whatever it's same [ __ ] sure
wait so what do you so do you have the
port at the bottom of the 7 you do right
you could just plug in that head right
see that see that oh you don't have a
plug it in I plug it right into the
charger thing okay I got the same thing
yeah you always had that no I used to
have a little circular thing and I could
plug in any type of headphones no no I
know no I know but I thought you were
saying you didn't realize you could plug
you know that you had headphones now
that would plug directly into that thing
- charger thing well I need the adapter
that came with the phone yeah the thing
yeah the headphones that our on a
[ __ ] wire that plug right into this
is that the adapter thing you're talking
about
no the adapter thing I'm talking about
is like a tiny little thing that like I
could plug into my like the end of the
regular headphone has like has like the
I don't know has like a pointy looking
thing huh that plugs into this tiny
little adapter that plugs into the phone
oh so you didn't get so when you bought
your iPhone 7 it didn't come with the
headphones that connected strong the
charger thing mine did oh I just bought
seven and with it came headphones that
plug directly into that no see even well
okay so that's why you were so mad is
because it day didn't even it's not like
they gave you an option of here here's
headphones at work no it was headphones
here's an adapter plug your adapter into
your headphones oh wow why do I like
automatically get that with my iPhone
and you didn't I don't know they sort of
hooked you up cuz the eight they must
have reverted back or some [ __ ] I don't
know I have no idea but that's weird but
anyway you were just watching the the
Yankee game
yeah I'm still watching I got it in the
background of our laptop right now so if
I look like I'm looking at you with like
a cockeyed lazy eye it's because that's
good look at the Yankee game directly
behind the screen okay I don't watch
baseball so catch me up on what exactly
is happening is it so baseball is
usually boring as full yeah three hours
long and it's just usually like just a
bunch of boring this and if you are
following Oh turn the DoublePlay
so yeah usually it's boring because if
someone is a star player they only bat
like four times a game so if you're
trying to watch this then they only come
up to bat every whatever so innings but
this is um
the Yankees make this is technically the
playoffs so the Yankees made the
playoffs because they won the wild-card
mm-hmm
it's like you could win your division
but then you can also win the wildcard
so every other team that doesn't win
their division battles to win the
wildcard so the ink is won the wild card
but then they they implemented this new
rule a couple years ago with the top two
teams play each other to decide who
plays in like a series mm-hmm it's sort
of sounds complicated it's really sort
of stupid and complicated so this is a
one game playoff to decide who will
actually play in like a series against
Cleveland okay but it's not for they're
not eliminated if they don't win no if
they lose they're eliminated yeah this
is [ __ ] yeah so the first inning
they were down three nothing oh [ __ ] and
then dude came up in the bottom of the
first inning and hit a home run so they
tied at three three so it's for four
right now is pretty exciting hey what
inning is it third inning okay
oh that's pretty early in the game is
real early in its highest glory what are
they playing on the west coast or
something
another plane in New York really damn
that's weird what time the game start
8:30 a 8 o'clock New York time okay yeah
um what so what's the deal with all the
NBA trades I heard there were big moves
that happened recently
yo Melo is in OKC now so he's with
Russell Westbrook and who else Paul
George is with OKC okay um Chris Paul
went to the Hornets he was back in the
day he was there right no he was with uh
New Orleans yeah I'm sorry did I say
Hornets I meant Houston Rockets oh he
went okay yeah he so he I was right he
was with yep um white Howard's on the
Hornets now with who Anthony Davis still
no no Anthony Davis won New Orleans New
Orleans Hornets New Orleans pelicans Oh
New Orleans pelicans they don't exist
anymore little Charlotte okay yeah they
brought them back okay they're like
random players and then weights on the
Cavs now any weight on the Cavs and
Albert they got the old heat back at the
in Cleveland now yep pretty much Chris
Bosh still has like crazy heart problems
and he's just like probably dying to be
playing basketball somewhere is he yeah
he's just dead he's no he's not dead but
he's uh he's he is like a heart problem
and he doesn't play right now
and where's melot melot is Houston
he's OKC okay sorry yep and he's doing
this thing now they call him hoodie Melo
because he had like some videos of him
playing and like the local gyms back
home and the offseason where he wears a
hood so like his whole [ __ ] now is like
he wears a hood when he plays and that's
like his whole like mantra type of thing
it'd be like if you did your show and
always wore like a like a blue coat on
like Thursdays or something like that
and just everybody knew it was like oh
no Kyle wears a blue coat on Thursday
you should do some [ __ ] like that I wear
t-shirts pretty often over my coat but
people are like don't people where it's
like every Monday they know they're
gonna tune in and see you know like
you're secular talk shirt
like that or people were talking I did a
Q&A for 500,000 subs and one of the main
questions was like can you show us your
legs and it's like you [ __ ]
have seen it like there I've there
videos of me on the chat like there was
one I put up my golf swing from way back
in the day and people saw my my legs
yeah there's a picture I put up I think
from 88 like you were teeing up a putt
and you could see your legs like I mean
you have legs yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah the one where it was like from high
school and you see my legs yeah here
I'll try to show people now but I got
wires and [ __ ] they probably don't they
probably are like yeah watch he's
paralyzed you can't move his [ __ ] on his
own and I got shorts on so calm down I'm
not naked for all you who are wondering
sometimes that [ __ ] is crazy though you
see that in I don't know if I seen it in
movies or just in real life but like
someone to be running or doing something
and all of a sudden they'll just like
take their leg off and you're just like
whoa like means like take their leg off
like you don't expect that the person
was like an amputee or something like
that so I guess people have a right to
be questioning because they've never
really seen legs often your legs
well FDR went while he was president
right then people didn't know that he
was in a wheelchair for a while mm-hmm
like he was always in a wheelchair and
people didn't know they just because
every time they saw him it was like with
me like I was just always sitting that's
I'm saying I know a kid here in Chicago
he played in a basketball league I
played in and when we started playing in
the league he healed like a full set of
hair and everything was good and all the
pictures that he was taken in and like
his Instagram pictures you could see his
hair um and then towards the end of the
basketball league maybe like a couple
years later he started losing his hair
and one day he came into the gym because
he can't play ball with a hat on
and I think he owns like his father
owned a car dealership or something like
that so he doesn't work in a
professional type like setting where
he'd have to you know not where I had or
you know show is show the top of his
hair so he came to the basketball game
one of the last years I was
they are playing in the league and he
had to take his hat off and he had like
shaved his head and it was like bald but
he was still trying to figure out what
the look was like if he was gonna shave
his head or keep it totally bald and
then going forward all the pictures he
was posting or with a hat on so people
just probably assumed that he still had
his hair so then when you took it off
everybody's like what the [ __ ]
yep nobody like in outside reality world
who saw him probably just suits still
assumed he had hair yeah he didn't it
was a shock every time he took his hat
off [ __ ] is this yeah some people look a
lot better with that on them with the
head off yeah 100% I before I was
married I would go to there was a
shallow girl that I just remembered it's
just we were at a bar one time I think
it was Mickey Spillane
she was talking to a guy and I think I
overheard it and she was just like like
take your hat off like let me see if you
have hair and I was just like you're so
like like who says that like why would
you even say that that is a little blunt
but in her defense I mean if you're a
girl and you're about to date a guy
you're gonna want to know like what his
situation is up top yeah I guess I
respect it I mean you're not dating a
guy but like you still you can't have a
conversation with the guy and then
eventually like he was hitting on her
you think oh I mean who goes just like
hold on here
take off your that's good that's like if
a guy's talking to a girl he's like what
pause excuse me turn around let me see
your ass is your ass nice enough to
continue this conversation you guys do
that please turn around and it's like
okay anyway what were you saying we can
proceed on this conversation now that'd
be so weird that's like um don't like
math professors do that as some [ __ ]
like you have to like like solve some
equation before they I mean like oh they
do that for big job interviews like for
really big tech companies that are yes
yeah they'll I ask you like some
preposterous ly hard question and you
can yeah yeah so I would hate that [ __ ]
I had a friend I think you know him but
he
he was interviewing with Google or
something like [ __ ] like that
yeah and they I don't know if they like
tapped his phone or he got a survey to
his phone to like answer like to pass
this test and answer these certain
questions um that's a little weird if
they've literally like I don't know if
they tap something right to his phone
well no they definitely sent something
to his phone because he said he was in
an uber or something like that and got
like this random survey or questionnaire
from Google that he had to answer and
pass the test I think prior to his job
interview or something like that or
maybe like the second round of a job
interview which to me is crazy
yeah they don't work in there well yeah
there's some you know probably probably
Apple does that too I bet Google does
that Apple does that any any big tech
company where it's like a really high
paying job and you do like really high
level [ __ ] thinking about this before
like can you blame them because
ultimately any job interview if I'm
going there and I'm interviewing just
one time like you you can't [ __ ]
decide if you know yeah it depends what
the job is I'd imagine four jobs like
that they just want to really really
highly competent people in the field so
if they ask you a really difficult
question in that field then yeah that's
a fair game but I wouldn't want to put
myself in that position yeah like where
they ask a question where it's like you
have to not it's almost like you have to
also on top of getting the answer right
and having the ability to get the answer
right it's almost like you have to
suppress any nervousness you might have
at that point in time and you know what
I mean yeah it's just a very difficult
thing but job interviews in general I
mean when I went through a job interview
I think I had to write out like answers
to a question and had to be like
grammatically correct and there had to
be punctuation and I was just like [ __ ]
man like that's tough like so it was
like it's almost like they give you they
put roadblocks in your way just to see
if you will get past the roadblocks just
to see if you're obedient enough to
listen to them when you're hired
yeah you know what I mean yeah it's like
here do all
menial nonsensical things and if you
complete these menial nonsensical things
well then you can work for us because I
know that now when I tell you do
anything you're gonna do it go get
coffee go do this go do that and it's
like okay you know what I mean so it's
like yeah be servile okay here I'm being
that way all right you're on it yeah
yeah I don't like this I don't like that
I mean the job interview outside of the
actual job interview when you sit down
with your boss like so say you go into
the offices and it's like conversation
part of it
the conversation part of it it should be
nothing the whole job interview and and
I've had to hire people for my old job I
hired basketball trainers the job
interview should be when you are sending
the emails to them to set up the job
interview to see like how fast they
respond to how quick they answer their
phone calls I bet people weigh that sure
I bet people way that I mean they'd be
silly not to yeah you know because when
I sit down and talk with them I'm
already I already have in my mind like
all right this dude wrote back to me
within an hour you know he you know he
said he gets off work at 4:00 he was you
know he was here 15 minutes early like
all the [ __ ] that's pretty rude to the
interview is all the [ __ ] that I've
already plugged into my mind like I like
yeah I don't care what he says right now
because he was here on time he did
everything properly to be in this pot
right now yeah you know it is almost
certain extent it's almost like a
popularity contest
you know it's like all right can you get
the balls to like you if you can and
that's probably for most jobs for those
high-level tech jobs and we were talking
about it probably is a lot more of a
meritocracy and based on you know
competence in whatever field it is or
what are the specifics of that field are
yeah for most jobs it's probably just a
likability contest and I mean that is
kind of [ __ ] up too though when you
think about it because if it's a
likeability contest then that means
there's somebody who might be really
good at the job but not very personable
might get [ __ ] yep
you know yeah that's not cool man that's
not cool
yeah it sucks I mean we spoke about this
[ __ ] like you can't you can't figure out
what someone's like after speaking with
them for one time you know I remember
one time back in the day you might
remember this friend of mine I won't say
his name but he he was selling [ __ ]
kitchen utensils
like selling these [ __ ] kit boxes of
kitchen utensils and they were
supposedly like really good kitchen
utensils or some [ __ ] feel like I know
who was but you probably did we'll talk
better all fair I just don't like give
people random shouts if they don't want
it but yeah um but I was like I could do
that [ __ ] cuz it was easy enough like
okay you just sell these things every
now and then and whatever you make a
hundred bucks or whatever the [ __ ] it
might be every time you sell it and so I
went to this thing where they have like
a big-ass job interview and you narrow
it down so they were like maybe 15 or 20
people there to start with and I went
there and I was wearing my [ __ ] suit
and [ __ ] I don't know how old I was
probably to be like 17 18 or some [ __ ]
and and then so they narrow it down I
end up being one of like two or three
people that gets it and so now I got the
job of selling these you know utensil
things and I just never sold it I was
like I'm not gonna I don't feel like it
like it was so weird just a bizarre
[ __ ] thing but anyway the point of
