what's up [ __ ] welcome to the jungle
we go suck you balls
watchin write the background of this
Knicks Lakers ESPN oh [ __ ] yeah turn it
on also but I have to keep going back
and forth between CNN and then this
because the whole because there's an
Alabama special election going on right
now there's so much attention on that
[ __ ]
yeah it's cuz Jeff Sessions was the
senator from Alabama and now Jeff
Sessions is the Attorney General so they
got to fill that seat so it's Roy Moore
who's a pedophile fundamentalist
Christian versus insert anybody else
somebody who's not a pedophile hmm what
do I do here someone tweeted something
that was like oh it was that one guy
that you retweet her like can clip in
store and see an Alabama for like to
like just watch this all unfold yes he
went as a journalist for TYT lmao it's
crazy um but one of his things was like
something about Roy oh he saw a lady at
a bar and asked her about maybe the
other candidate or some [ __ ] and then
she was like I don't know anything about
him and then someone wrote in the
comment like does it matter some [ __ ]
like that like like like who cares what
are you like yeah so that's two like
there's so yes there's there's two
points to make about that in the case of
this election you do have somebody who's
a Christian fine he was removed Roy
Moore was removed twice from his job as
a judge in Alabama because he refused to
take down the Ten Commandments from his
courtroom look like dude you're and it's
what's so funny these are the same
people who pretend like they love the
Constitution meanwhile that's totally
unconstitutional to do that like you
can't do that with this isn't we don't
govern ourselves by [ __ ] Christian
biblical law like it's not the way this
country works so he refused to do that
he got removed as a judge twice for
doing that he said in the past he thinks
homosexuality should be illegal
he said God's law should override man's
law
I mean there's [ __ ] multiple
allegations of him you know
molesting [ __ ] 13 year olds 14 yes
and [ __ ] so like that's it's true like
this is one of those instances where
yeah you go one guy's a [ __ ]
pedophile fundamentalists and the other
guys literally anybody else it's like
okay that person's better so go vote for
him but you know it's everyday it's also
true though that if Roy Moore wins which
he might win one of the reasons is this
guy Doug Jones is all he has is he's not
Roy Moore going for him so in other
words like like there was there was an
account that was [ __ ] on Democratic
Socialist in Alabama who basically said
like listen I'm not I'm not gonna vote
in this election I'm not gonna vote for
Doug Jones because he's not for a $15
minimum wage or medicare-for-all and so
people were [ __ ] on that guy like
like boo [ __ ] you [ __ ] like what the
[ __ ] wrong with you but it's like no
why don't people say hey Doug maybe you
should be four or $15 minimum wage and
Medicare for all you can get this guy's
vote like it's always there's always
like shaming of people on the far left
who say no I kind of have very strict
standards I go by and I think to defend
those people a little bit that [ __ ] on
those people I think in their mind
they're saying well you know what he'll
lose voters if he goes for $15 minimum
wage or Medicare for all he'll lose
those voters in the middle but my whole
point then the point I've been trying to
make for so long is that's simply not
the case that's it because like take
Bernie Sanders for example he was going
to West Virginia and given town halls in
rooms full of Trump voters like
literally everybody in the room was a
trump voter and he made a room full of
Trump voters in West Virginia give a
standing ovation to Medicare for all and
a living wage and free college so it's
like the idea that like well obviously
you're gonna lose moderate voters if you
push for these ideas that's just not
true
like I know a lot of people think it's
true and they think that when I go after
doug jones and say oh you're not roy
more that's
you have going for you they interpret
that as me like [ __ ] on the guy when
a reality that's me saying like no dude
you can be a lot better if you do X Y &
Z because at the end of the day if I'm
in Alabama like I just said I'm voting
for Doug Jones there's no question about
it because because Roy Moore is that
[ __ ] bad yeah but the point is
instead of [ __ ] on the people who
say I'm not gonna bother to go vote why
don't you [ __ ] make them want to go
vote you know what I mean like make them
want to go vote yeah you know like you
for example you don't vote a lot like
sometimes you vote sometimes you don't
but like if like let's say for example
it was like I don't know if you voted in
this last election but if it was Bernie
Sanders I guarantee you you would have
voted yeah yeah exactly because you
because you go okay I know exactly what
that dude stands for and I know he's
gonna help me and I know he's gonna help
me I know he's gonna do the right thing
but that battle also have a platform to
get at Hillary and be like yo can you do
this I mean like it takes a lot more
which I mean is is sort of a cop-out but
it takes a lot more work to try and
start reaching out and like shoot like I
don't know joining a group to get
someone to like where do you even go
about doing that like okay here you go
was his name the dude running against
them Doug Jones Doug Jones like like if
I'm a gif I want him to be for something
woah how do I do that you know oh you're
saying had it like literally how you get
in contact with him or you're saying my
admit may say these things that both of
those things like well yeah I can want
him to like a certain thing but it's
just like to the latter question I have
an answer for the second part of that
which is you're their boss you're their
boss like and so like what you think
improves your law it would improve your
life for the government to do that's
what the government should be doing you
know what I mean like yeah it goes to
that bigger picture of like my wife
saying she won't shop at Hobby Lobby
because they don't like support this and
that and I'm like your dollars not gonna
make a [ __ ] difference whether or not
they're you know but I guess if
everybody has that suppose your wife
would argue it's the principle of the
thing yes that I'm not gonna [ __ ]
support this organization that's trying
to take away you know woman's ability to
get [ __ ] birth control through their
health insurance like I'm not going
and I think what she's doing is she's
saying she's acting on the principle of
if everybody acted like me in this
situation that Hobby Lobby wouldn't
exist anymore and everybody would be
better off you know I mean yeah so but I
you know I as a co-founder of Justice
Democrats a group that's primary the
corporate Democrats to try to get
Democrats actually believe in something
that are gonna fight for something i
100% understand the mindset of the
people like again i don't agree with
that person who said i'm not even gonna
bother to vote because of doug jones is
not good enough I don't agree with that
person but it's a similar to like a
Hillary Donald type of thing or a lot
yes it's very similar that it's very
similar to that that's exactly what this
is but you know I I understand that if
I'm in Alabama and those are my only two
choices you're gonna just be grudging I
would be grudgingly vote for Doug Jones
and say okay I don't like that that's
the point is if Doug Jones doesn't even
have to be good in this instance like
I'm gonna suck it up and and I would
vote for him but like at the same time
whenever people go after Doug Jones from
the left to try to hold them accountable
and make him be for better things like
stop people need to stop [ __ ] on
those people who are like no I really
want this guy to [ __ ] to help improve
everybody's life and they're like oh we
[ __ ] [ __ ] I guess you like ROI
more like no that's not what they're
saying not saying they like ROI more
they're saying that [ __ ] Doug Jones
needs to be serious here you saw that
you saw Charles Barkley was campaigning
for Doug I saw your tweet um and he was
just like stop stop acting like idiots
just I'm a big fan of Charles Barkley
like even though you said he
contradicted himself like in the
sentence right after it oh no he didn't
contradict himself
I was joking around and saying like oh
he then went on to say and I just mean
did he actually say that or not me
that's the thing I made it up but he
said it exactly because that's how like
Charles Barkley said when he was
campaigning
come on Alabama we need to show to the
world that were not a bunch of idiots
and I said they say I'd like that's a
good I like that style of campaigning
because he's just [ __ ] talking and
just being normal but then he goes on to
say I made up the next part I said he
goes on to say what the [ __ ] is wrong
with y'all do I need to take my belt off
hey you
see it saying that I won't resent saying
it and I was just like I respect them
for saying that ya know I like that what
did you I mean like people outside of
Alabama just have this perception of
Alabama people they're just like their
dumbest like they're not smart um
they're they're racist you know like all
this [ __ ] mm-hmm and if this guy wings
it's just gonna put the stamp of
approval on that [ __ ] and what's so
funny is that I I would imagine if you
talk to one of those people one of the
right-wingers in Alabama who's gonna
vote for Roy Moore I would imagine that
in their mind they're thinking like
we're voting for a guy who's gonna bust
up the establishment and help us like
that's how they're thinking like all
this guy he's he's just loud to me like
he's just like me I think it's more like
we're gonna do this because everybody
wants us to vote for the Democrat guy
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a huge part
of it right like doing it to rebel
against what everybody wants yeah like
there's this big and they have that
thinking mindset of just like a child
where it's just like I'm being told not
to do this I'm gonna do it yeah it's the
mindset of like elections have been won
on the idea of I can't wait to trigger
the liberals like trigger their stupid
libs like I triggered you are you mad
it's like well yeah we're mad but like
now we're [ __ ]
it's like it's like they vote for
[ __ ] I saw a tweet about this it was
funny like they vote for face Ripper
monkey and then they're like I can't
believe the monkey ripped off my face
hey [ __ ] face Ripper monkey would you
expect and when liberals were like don't
do it don't do it it's like with a hot
stove somebody puts their hand on a hot
stove and they're like look at the
Liberals like and we're like don't don't
do that that's not a good idea and
they're like [ __ ] you and then they do
it I just have this perception of
Alabama people that I feel like if I
were to meet someone from Alabama which
maybe I have maybe haven't they they'd
be exactly what I think they are just
someone who's not like smart uneducated
whereas I think when we go abroad people
have that perception of like Americans
and just like that same Alabama mindset
but from what
seen my people I've spoken to like
they've they've heard that Americans are
nice like we could sort of flip that I
guess maybe because America is bigger
than Alabama I think your your first
point was right that people around the
country look at Alabama like oh you guys
are some backwoods Hicks [ __ ]
but then people in the world like people
in France look at people from the US
like you guys are some backwoods Hicks
[ __ ] yeah even if you're from
like California or some [ __ ] they look
at America like like you know like
[ __ ] America yeah yeah it's a lot
it's a lot of weird [ __ ] man that goes
into like what makes a Republican from
Alabama Republican from Alabama I mean a
lot of it's probably like that was like
the hub of slavery in America like that
was literally the hub of slavery yeah it
was like the biggest slave market and so
you have I don't know a culture that was
kind of rooted in fundamentalist
Christianity and racism and it's you
know the room just goes to like
education right yeah that's a huge part
of it is like I mean if you were to go
to like an elementary school in Alabama
like it's not the same [ __ ] as like they
don't school in New York you know like
you're not are you think they're
learning about Martin Luther King jr.
and like all this [ __ ] like you're
making me talk about black people you're
making a great point because I remember
I think all the way back in like 2014 I
covered a story on secular talk about in
this case it was the textbooks in a in a
public school in Texas I think it was
and no they don't teach it they don't
teach it at all like like it's taught in
most of the rest of the country they
teach it like you know War of Northern
Aggression as opposed to the Civil War
yeah and they're not teaching it they're
you know they're teaching I think the
story I covered was they almost totally
avoided the New Deal and FDR because
that was like you know the Social
Democratic president who's viewed is
like one of the best presidents in US
history and he took us out of the
depression and all that they ignore that
and they go to Reagan and talk about how
Reagan is the best and Reagan is
wonderful and it's like yeah they'll
they'll [ __ ] they'll try to teach
creationism alongside evolution and act
like like hey some people think this
some people think that in fact Roy Moore
he covered the story the other day he
was talking about how he says drive-by
shootings are done because we teach kids
evolution like oh they think they come
from animals so they act like animals
yeah so it's it's a lot of it has to do
with education a lot of has to add
cultural reasons a lot of has to do with
religious fundamentalism yeah it's just
a weird brew of things and think about
how bizarre it is that like Donald Trump
is is like a [ __ ] like a demigod to a
lot of these people to like Republicans
in Alabama like that's their boy like
they donít Trump is like like coach the
more novices from them yeah then that's
the point is like Donald Trump you won't
talk about
he's like an elitist rich dude born with
a silver spoon in his mouth from New
York like you know how they always scoff
it god damn cultural elites look down
their nose at us in New York so I guess
that [ __ ] battle Trump you're
describing Donald Trump that's what he
is like he was a dude that came he's
like financially well-off came from a
rich dad [ __ ] hand to everything his
entire life went bankrupt seven times
[ __ ] is a big-time adulterer and
philanderer
you know like it was it was in Playboy a
bunch of times like this is the guy that
if Barack Obama had the same resume as
Donald Trump went bankrupt seven times
appeared in a few softcore porn so to be
fair he wasn't but like you know was a
shady [ __ ] businessman refused to
release his tax returns like all those
things if Obama did that I mean they
they had to make [ __ ] up about Obama to
try to make him seem even more far in an
evil like oh he was born in Kenya yeah
yeah I tried getting a more like a
practical level like if Donald Trump
were to go into just like a random bar
in Alabama like not being the president
yeah super rich guy from New York I feel
in a weird way he'd he'd get the
attention from the people in the bar and
they'd sort of like him just because you
know they felt maybe because I don't
know this is my perception that they're
not very smart in Alabama that they
would just be like maybe we're gonna get
some money from this guy and then like
they'd sort of befriend him just because
like he
looked wealthy and all this [ __ ] whereas
like a normal newer person come in there
they might not [ __ ] with him that much
is because like yeah we're not gonna get
anything from from this guy don't I
don't like the way he rubs off on me
well Bill Maher made an interesting
point about that he's like everybody
from New York has a friend that's like
Donald Trump he's the guy who you're
talking about him with something and
then he'll be like listen I know a guy I
could get you an amazing deal you go see
my guy I'll give you his number he's
amazing like everybody knows that guy in
New York but in New York we more brush
that guy off because we know he's just a
[ __ ] he's a [ __ ] con artist he's
just a guy who's a joke feels insecure
tries to be friends with people but he's
not really friends with anybody but he
tries to act like he's friends with
people and I know people I can get you
things like but but in that time in
desperate times we've been in those I've
been in those situations where I'd lead
it maybe a guy or some [ __ ] I'm just
like I gotta hit up this person and see
if his [ __ ] connect could come through
so it's like and just four times use you
sometimes have no one really to turn to
and you're like there's always that guy
and that could be that guy that's a
metaphor for the country you know it's
those desperate times people are
struggling and they're like let's roll
the dice on this [ __ ] because we know
what Hilary's gonna give us that's the
same old [ __ ] but to your point about
the people in Alabama and maybe you're
right that if Trump were to walk into a
brand Ambala not being the president
random dude but instead of looking at
him like oh he's a [ __ ] elitist from
New York like they might look at him
like oh I kind of want to be like him
he's wearing a suit
and he's [ __ ] he he's telling people
what to do
and they'll look at that like I like
that he's boss over here yeah he's just
like me you know in a weird way that was
a tweet story had just how they want to
be that was a tweet storm I read the
other day on the show after the election
there's this dude who's a gay
mexican-american who grew up in rural
Oklahoma around almost all white people
and he did it was a tweet storm saying
why he thinks Donald Trump won and it
was brilliant because he laid out
everything he laid out like you know how
people feel like poverty if they're in
poverty in Alabama they feel like it's
some sort of moral
failing on their part like I must be a
bad person on some level that I don't
make a lot of money like I failed so
when they look at Donald Trump they
don't see a guy who's rich because he
like got a handed down from his daddy
and because he exploited the [ __ ] out of
people when he ran his businesses they
look at that guy is like [ __ ] he must be
really moral and really smart because
he's rich so that's what I that's what I
could be if it wasn't for all these
[ __ ] Mexicans and black people
holding me back yeah that's how they
that's the thought process you know and
whether it's conscious or here's a
different question but on some level
that's how they're thinking that you
