we are back [ __ ] gonna get
tired I know there's gonna be a
conspiracy that pops up that's like he's
just trying to upload two videos so he
can get more money from the two videos
the last [ __ ] was bad like it was good
for a while I have a picture of the
frozen screen so I could tweet that [ __ ]
out I haven't been on Twitter in a while
but um it was like and I was like
[ __ ] put your finger down at me
and it didn't stop right it was just
like oh and then it had like the
rotating spinning wheel [ __ ] but I heard
you good yeah it was like it got it got
bad like Barrow is making out words it
could be a Wi-Fi issue we could be a
Skype issue it could be some other [ __ ]
but whatever it is what it is
right now I still have the thing now
when I hear you and then I see your
mouth move but it doesn't matter it's
all really yeah what's the latest some
porn search that's probably what's
hacking this [ __ ] milf squirt [ __ ]
deep crowded public masturbation saline
[ __ ]
Jesus Christ that's some that's some
weird [ __ ] that's some weird porn sites
huge butt plug somebody types in
worldstar somebody typed in sex with
sister homeless man imagine just someone
put like like Nikes or groceries like
some normal [ __ ] they thought they were
they thought they were like typing into
Google something I was just somebody
typed Scarlett Johansson like
Valentine's Day gifts or something good
anyway
so we still got poles beach poles yeah
dude okay so so we get the one live with
Britney Spears Christina and Jessica
Simpson yes that is live okay
and then we did sprite verse seven up
versio did we put that one up yet or no
I thought that one that was as I was
starting to not hear you but I thought
okay like sprite would win on a
landslide on that [ __ ] oh we didn't put
that up yet okay so let's put that one
on now sprite verse seven up verse
Sierra Mist
I think sprites gonna wax that ass
I also think sprite is gonna win but
it's gonna be closed with 7up I think I
think it's gonna be closed with 7up 7up
is come on strong but sprite I don't
know sprite is like more relatable to
hood kids and stuff like that like they
get him well with rap music and [ __ ] and
what 7up is 7up some preppy [ __ ] 7up is
like sprite 7 can I compare that [ __ ] to
7up is like you're at like your your
uncle's barbecue and there's seven up
there yeah seven up is like I don't even
know like I like 7up better I think
it'll be closed between sprite and 7up
yes the Aramis they ain't [ __ ] moving
nothing on that shoe yeah you in that
category what what category is mountain
doing didn't we do in the pole for best
soda oh no we didn't did we miss that
and I meant to bring that up too because
I know we didn't put it in there but we
should have I read comments afterwards
and some people in the comment section
were like how did you guys not even
think of Mountain Dew and I was like
you're so right like that should have
been in there really Mountain Dew yeah
you don't like Mountain Dew I don't
think I've given it enough chances Oh
I'm stunned right now because man I love
Mountain Dew number one and number two
if you were to ask me like does Corinne
like Mountain Dew my response would be
without even asking you I'd be like he
loves Mountain Dew didn't he asked me
that I'd be like he loves Mountain Dew I
used to like they came out with the Code
Red by the way while you were away I
grabbed one of these oh you're smart man
I texted you on Sunday I thought I was
trying to have as many as I could
how many did you get - that's half that
at five I told you man we're we're old
now we can't do that [ __ ] when we were
on college we could put more than that
away but I think I have like I don't
have 15 or 16 in my fridge or something
like that and then at 5:00 I was just
like I just feel full and like hey did
you feel fine or no yeah I felt fine cuz
I took a shower at night and sort of
just washed all the [ __ ] off me mm-hmm
and sort of felt
good start a drink in middle of the day
right yeah early I started yet first
football game I like two o'clock okay so
that's why you felt fine yeah
I'm not I don't generally like alcohol
like I when I drink alcohol makes me
especially if I have it like early and
by the night I have a headache if I
drink it early and if I drink it a night
it's fine but I always feel sloppy when
I like now I since I don't drink anymore
if I have like I don't drink anymore you
just show me I'm saying you know I don't
drink like this is the first time I've
had a beer and [ __ ] weeks yeah but
like if I have three beers I will be
legitimately like tipsy slash drunk and
I'll feel and I'll feel sloppy like
that's why I'm not a big fan of clocks I
feel like sloppy when I drink it yeah
every Bowl like intoxication it's like a
[ __ ] like yeah yeah intoxication and
you feel dehydrated bloated and [ __ ]
yeah so it's not my favorite but like
these are the let this was the last beer
in the fridge so what I think we should
have I think I think Coronas are [ __ ]
just like the best beer out there right
well this is next week's ball if you
have morning shower verse night and then
we'll do beers in next week but I still
have some I wanted to get through today
so maybe we should save these for next
week but wait one note on Mountain Dew
wasn't there a study I think the reason
I was turned off to Mountain Dew because
that [ __ ] will always like your sperm
count right thing but it's not just
Mountain Dew it's like a food it's like
a it's like a flavouring or something
that's in a lot of [ __ ] it's in like
whatever like [ __ ] a lot of different
sodas and it's in a lot of different
foods oh really
yeah it's it's some food coloring or
something like that and that's what
turned me off to it like I always wanted
to give it a chance and I think I did
like it but then I heard that like study
came out a rumor or whatever and I was
like nah [ __ ] that I can't no I'm not I
don't know how significant that is
though because it's it's like the same
thing like with accutane there when
everybody was like oh [ __ ] that [ __ ]
causes like depression and and suicide
so they click a warning on the on the
bottle for it but basically excuse me
the way the story goes is like there was
literally one case of somebody who
happened to be on accutane who commit
suicide and then they like it was like
anecdotal and they were like well we
need to put the warning because this
person was on [ __ ] accutane and the
committed suicide but it's like you
don't know that that was the [ __ ] that
caused the game do it like that's
ridiculous there might actually be like
a lower incidence of people who take a
guillotine to commit suicide than the
general population committing suicide
like it's just they drew the connection
where they're necessarily one so I took
accutane I never had a single problem
with it my friend
so yeah Kay never had a single problem
with it uh-huh so it's one of those
things I don't know how yeah it could
have just been a myth that started like
there could have been a video of a guy
like a porn or something banging his
girl and then like took a sip of
Mountain Dew lost his hard-on because he
was like a porn star or some [ __ ] and
then a rumor just got started with that
like rumor spread fast yeah that was the
Mountain Dew that he couldn't get hard
cuz the Macan do these t like has the
whole video just trying to explain that
[ __ ] so the other poles I wanted to do
which I think we'll save for next week
but we could discuss them now the pole
of which is the best tic-tac in fact I
have tic-tacs there it's actually across
the room now but oh they're so white are
orange hands I was gonna say that's my
favorite they're light orange and green
are the tekneqs
orange definitely number one but white
is putting up a strong fight because
that's like the grown man tic-tac now so
I think it's funny you say that because
I think I think white handily beats
green like yes white beats green handily
but in my mind get worked up by orange
if they were industry orange tic tac is
the Tiger Woods of the tic-tac world
yeah like like that's that 14 major
championships for orange and the closest
is like Phil Mickelson with like six
just way back there like Phil Mickelson
is is the is the yet the white but it's
not touching the [ __ ] orange yeah no
no no yeah White's not touching orange
but I think I think there is a
progression of that [ __ ] I think Orange
we liked it because it was when we were
younger but now I've sort of advanced to
the white not me man
I still orange team yeah cuz I just I
came up with the idea for this poll then
I was like I'm gonna get a thing of Tic
Tacs for each one
so the past few weeks I had like one of
each year and I started with orange I
was like these are [ __ ] good yeah and
then I was like okay now I'm gonna get
the green I was expecting the green to
be bangin I was like these look like
you're gonna be good and then I said
it's not even like a green green color
right isn't it like a light it's like a
lightest turquoise e-type kind of green
but it's masculine as green should [ __ ]
we're poisoning the well here we have to
do this pull now because then people
listen to us and be like oh we're going
Orange - I got another [ __ ] pole just
sprung off of that pole [ __ ] we got so
many poles Kylie and corns poles is the
new name of the show oh great a
starburst of all time hell yeah that
[ __ ] is where's the question I don't
know other people would say no I think I
spoke to someone they said they didn't
like the pink [ __ ] I was like no like
the pink [ __ ] that's like not [ __ ]
utter obviously came out with a
starburst flavor like starburst
and like the thing was all pinks so if
you have that genius like a the [ __ ]
that everybody likes you know that's got
to be the best [ __ ] okay that is genius
and I'm gonna go buy them yeah they have
that all Pink's the whole shoot is pink
okay so I'm doing the tic-tac one now
because we have to do it is your
prediction that ours is gonna blow them
out of the water in the pole though or
no it might be stupid it might be like
84% orange in a three purse oh you think
so yeah I do
orange orange like people in Japan know
about orange people in like third world
countries know about orange tic tacs I
feel like I feel like the others might
actually surprise us because you and I I
don't know we bias because we like the
sweetness of the orange one the bet
better by far but other people when they
look for a tic-tac they might not be
looking for the sweetness they might be
looking for the mint enos you know what
I mean yeah if if you like if you ask
anybody tic-tac they say the orange [ __ ]
like whether or not they like it or not
orange is just the goat of Tic Tacs okay
maybe you're right maybe I'm curious to
see the results now I'm happy we did
this poll now and we didn't wait till
next week that's like Girl Scout cookies
like there's better flow
but when you think of Girl Scout cookies
you think Thin Mints like there are
better flavors but Thin Mints is just
like would win a poll hands-down just
because that's the that's the Air Jordan
like that's that's the [ __ ] test to
[ __ ] but that's not I feel like white
tic tacs or more the go to tic-tac for
people then the then the orange even the
orange are way better just in the same
way for Girl Scout cookies I hear your
point I think you're right
but the Samoa is in my mind are way
better that's what I'm saying but but I
don't think people going into a poll I
think they would just give it to
thinman's just because it was like you
got to bow down to that [ __ ] now you go
to CVS the most stuff of the most Tic
Tacs that are gonna be missing are the
orange shits that's a good point
there's that's a good effect like I'm
not really gonna see the white and the
green and then the on it it could just
be like a lot less yes if you're like
hey which which one sells out the most
the dude behind the counter will be like
probably orange all right [ __ ] so I
wrote down starburst pole Girl Scout
cookie pole morning shower overnight
shower beer pole I got and I haven't
even gotten to the other the last one I
wanted to do today which was pancakes
versus waffles vers french toast that's
a good ass pole cuz I was just thinking
about that [ __ ] the other day I would
never order waffles if I went to a
restaurant or some [ __ ] never I don't
think so I think really I think and
pancakes is some [ __ ] that you would get
as a side like because usually your
omelette comes with two pancakes with a
bowl that statement
I always feel how pancakes or some Maine
[ __ ] I feel like oh really
that's me in my mind that's what it is
but then again the I've had pancakes
more in my life when like my mom has
made me pancakes
versus I know you're talking are you
gonna like IHOP or some [ __ ] yeah but
our pancakes like a main [ __ ] even at
IHOP or no I don't think so I think it's
on side [ __ ] at IHOP what
because pancakes I don't know how you
feel about pancakes in terms of how like
full they get you but I get so full from
pancakes like I yeah I guess I'm like so
[ __ ] full yeah yeah I agree they're
haters here's a here's another thing
- [ __ ] on French toast even though it
could be at the top of the list in some
people's opinion if you have a bangin
french toast
there's an International House of
Pancakes there's a Waffle House but
there's no French toast like restaurant
change [ __ ]
so if they can't even get into the
[ __ ] restaurant chain business how
they trying to be number one on the list
not buying it because I feel like yeah
because you would think you would think
there would be like a waffle like a
waffle zone or some [ __ ] because the
opposite the same point you're making
could be a reason in the opposite
direction which is it's more of like a
delicacy like oh [ __ ] we're having
french toast in this [ __ ]
oh so it's more exclusive than its own
it's like the VIP room like oh [ __ ]
that's a good argument I mean look in my
mind but you I was thinking of a
different point about French toast when
you mention that which is it's hit or
miss like you could get a french toast
that you're like I know people who make
bad french toast that's what I'm saying
like somebody can make a French toast
and you're like you see like a little
bit of egg on it and you're like why is
there why do I see the egg on it like
know sometimes the egg on that [ __ ] is
bangin though what that yeah that's the
thing is like so yeah but when it's not
right when it's all white looking and
[ __ ] [ __ ] up french toast and you're
like it's is this should be delicious
but it's not that delicious but like
pancakes I feel like even shitty
pancakes are pretty good like I've never
had pancakes and been like you yeah
you're right the first couple pancakes
that you make in the pan usually are the
ones that are [ __ ] up there's no
there's no I think they're the better
ones because there's more butter in that
[ __ ] oh no I disagree because they're
not because it doesn't get the pans
either not hot enough and unless I maybe
on my pan that isn't hot enough but
those are the ones that are usually the
most albino looking okay okay the first
couple ones cuz the pans not hot and
then you put the like the fourth one on
and the shit's brown all around back in
the glory days of life when my mom used
to make me pancakes
it was I would tell her like this is I
sound like [ __ ] Cartman like name do
this for me man
I mean I I would tell her like you gotta
add like after the first batch of
Pancakes like pause for a minute and
heavy butter into the pan cuz then when
she cooks the first one with the butter
it's delicious if she doesn't add more
butter then it's just like the later
ones become like dark and not as fluffy
and delicious
that is true obviously okay but in my
mind I do have to say though and when it
comes to waffles there's like I prefer
the Belgian waffles the fluffier waffles
I don't know how you feel about that
versus regular waffles like I eat I go
to the difference well like in eggo
waffle for Legos I like like that kind
of a waffles a little thinner oh you're
talking about the kind like that they
have at the hotels that you could flip
the [ __ ] over and it's 2 minutes and
this [ __ ] is like yeah yeah the thick
fluffy waffles
yes the Belgian waffles I like those the
best but I also like Eggos I in fact I
eat that goes more yeah but I like the
Belgian ones but in my mind look overall
I'm gonna have to give it to I'm gonna
have to give it to french toast in my
mind because really yes and here's why
cuz when you get good french toast
it's just soars above waffles and
pancakes like that's a good-ass point
because the french toast
it's like french toast to draw another
golf analogy is like John Daly like John
Daly's a crazy [ __ ] you know
he's fat he's out of shape but he's a
regular ass dude with regular ass
problems but like when he played well in
his prime he won two majors like like
that's his peak that his peak is high
like he blowing away a field and [ __ ]
hitting the ball 350 yards like that's a
french toast french toast is like you
could have won that's gross but then
when somebody nails french toast you're
like yes that's a good point the ceiling
on french toast is way higher than like
pancakes you know what you're gonna get
even like the top chef in the world can
make pancakes that potentially me or you
can make yeah
waffles same type of [ __ ] you're using a
waffle maker mm-hmm french toast like
you got to have the right amount of egg
you could throw some you could show
throw some of that white [ __ ] on it that
is like powder didn't throw some [ __ ]
like whipped cream on that [ __ ] yeah I
could do that I think that's gonna be
the most evenly balanced poll that we
have
I think see I think pancakes are gonna
win i think pancakes are gonna win and
maybe by not by a lot but not
necessarily by a little like I think
pancakes are gonna crush yeah I think
pancakes will win but I'm with you I
think french toast because of that
reason the ceiling is way way high on
that [ __ ] and waffles is just like
anybody [ __ ] baby can make that [ __ ]
doll can make that [ __ ]
so so then you agree with me french
toast is your pick but you think wow
yeah you think waffles will edge it out
or kind of win a little comfortable no I
think pancakes
okay I'm insane cakes yeah holes
pancakes french toast is a good [ __ ]
but then there's a [ __ ] another poll
it's just straightforward I hop or
Waffle House I'll add that to the list I
don't I honestly don't think I've ever
eaten at a Waffle House before I've
eaten that IHOP but isn't Waffle House
more in the south
yeah it's just more and random like
