Paul Ryan gave a speech last week and he
lied relentlessly about medicare-for-all
you know what as you sort of mentioned
it I'm more of a policy guy ideas are
what brought me into this line of work
I love taking an idea putting it on
paper going through the debate tweaking
it improving it adjusting it and then
seeing it come to fruition and most
important of all watching it actually
improve people's lives they are
proposing to abolish our health care
system as we know it
and it is in the best representation of
how far the Democratic Party has gone
off the rails in my opinion they now
call it Medicare for all because it
sounds good but in reality it actually
ends Medicare in its current form it
ends private insurance altogether
including for the roughly 180 million
people who count on health insurance
coverage through their employer everyone
no matter how much you like your plan
would have their plan take it away
instead you will be put into a
government-run plan where you have no
say in the cost or in the coverage
Obamacare meant fewer choices Medicare
for all means no choices no competition
how much do you get charged for this
that's a good question a nonpartisan
study found that a single-payer program
like this would cost the government a
whopping thirty two point six trillion
dollars over the next ten years just to
put the price tag of this idea in
perspective we could double all federal
taxes yours mine families businesses
everyone's taxes and still not be able
to pay for this the only way you could
control costs would be to ration care
and restrict access to doctors and
treatments all of these decisions would
be made in Washington of course so even
after the failures of Obamacare this is
the direction that the left wants to
take our country taxpayers paying more
to get less fewer choices if any choices
at all
poor quality of care all while having
the government control this huge part of
our lives such as personal intimate
thing for us a single-payer system is a
singularly bad idea
it all brings to mind what Margaret
Thatcher once said as she described the
problem with socialism eventually you
run out of other people's money and it
just shows how today's Democratic Party
has gone further left to the fringes
further back to discredited ideas the
fringes discredited ideas like you know
every other developed country on Earth
already has in place I was tweeting
about this yesterday because I really am
I'm impressed at how brazenly they'll I
listen
they act like at best Medicare for all
is this pie in the sky
unicorn fairy dust idea and they act
like at worst it's a dangerous hellscape
of a failed system when the reality is
it's not untested its tested and it's
not a dangerous hellscape it's actually
the opposite it kicks our ass and they
he talks as if like people in France and
the UK and Canada and Australia and
Norway and Denmark and Iceland the
Sweden can't like can't hear him because
when they hear this they laugh
hysterically
they think you're a dumbass Paul or
you're a liar both probably they think
you're both because you're just so wrong
everything you're saying is so wrong
problem with socialism is that you
eventually run out of other people's
money they think that's like witty and
that that's like a really good point
well people pay taxes every developed
country has taxes taxes go to fun
certain things in the United States we
have taxes taxes go to fund the roads
the bridges the cops the the fire
department the military you name it can
you look at any of those things and say
you know the problem with socialism and
taxes is that you eventually run out of
other people's money No
because it's grandfathered into the
system because you go well I mean come
on certain things the government is
gonna have certain functions just
question what are those priorities and
what should they be and most reasonable
people put health care in the same
category as like hey maybe we should
have roads but he's just such a [ __ ]
smear merchant all right let's go
through this I like how I put in that
first part for you because I find the
juxtaposition hilarious he started up
the speech by saying me you know
whatever bro not a big deal but like I'm
a policy guy I'm just like an ideas guy
I'm all about debating ideas and helping
people who are you dave rubin i'm all
about these ideas bro i got these ideas
i'm out i'm an ideas guy i want to have
the battle of ideas that's what I'm all
about ideas they always say that but
then they don't tell you what their
ideas are it's just like they like to
talk about talking about [ __ ] but they
don't actually just talk about the [ __ ]
it's just like I'm gonna ideas brah what
are the ideas to say the ideas free
speech and stuff bro yes I agree with
free speech also easy next moving
forward but see Paul Ryan's doing the
I'm a policy guy I'm all about ideas and
then what does he go on to do viciously
smear and strawman the other side when
they present an honest coherent idea so
he goes from that to I'm a policy guy
I'm an ideas guy I'm such a policy guy
that these Democrats are off the rails
for proposing Medicare for all what if
you're a policy guy and you're an ideas
guy you would immediately look at for
example the Commonwealth Fund study that
came out a few years ago which found
very clearly the United States is the
worst in the industrialized world in
terms of our healthcare we leave
millions of people 29 million people
without health insurance medical bills
are one of the top causes of bankruptcy
we paid about double what other
developed countries pay and we have
worse health outcomes
so mr. policy guy ideas guy didn't even
look at the [ __ ] Commonwealth Fund
study didn't look at the United Nations
World Health Organization ranking
policy guy I'm all about ideas bro ideas
like [ __ ] lying about
medicare-for-all and smearing the other
side he says with the Democrats are off
the rails for proposing it and then he
says it ends Medicare as we know it I am
[ __ ] stunned absolutely stunned that
the Republicans the the elected
Republican officials all got in a room
and they said all right what talking
points are we going with for Medicare
for all and they agreed to go with hmm
how about we say Medicare for all
is anti Medicare you're gonna say
Medicare for all is anti Medicare
Medicare for all let's say that ends
Medicare that's like saying I want to I
want to create a program Universal shoes
shoes for all and they say well why
don't we counter that by saying you guys
hate shoes but we said shoes for all so
you guys like hate shoes bro you're so
stupid
I'm not kidding how I'm in awe of how
stupid that is because guys you have to
understand that clear to rule full of
top Republican officials how about we
say that Medicare for all like ends
Medicare how about we say that shoes for
all like ends shoes and then he says
they want to end private insurance and
not true the [ __ ] Medicare for all
bill the Democrats proposed Bernie
Sanders bill specifically says this does
not ban private health insurance if you
want to get Supplemental private care
you can get it guys notice something
they don't have a real response so they
have to lie that's what's happening and
again Medicare for all is expanding
Medicare not ending Medicare
you know who really wants to end
Medicare you do Republicans and Paul
Ryan why do I say that because on a
regular basis you guys proposed
privatizing Medicare which is ending
Medicare oh my god they're so
disingenuous and then he goes on to say
no matter how much you like your plan
you lose it there are no choices he says
why don't you please go one layer deeper
Paul one layer deeper you fo
intellectual prick one layer deeper
there are no choices because everything
is already covered he leaves that part
out I never I never own even when I was
a [ __ ] kid and I first learned about
health care and health insurance I never
understood like what do you mean a
choice of a plan so like some plans are
gonna say hey man if you break your arm
will cover it and other plans are gonna
be like nah not on the arm breaking one
will leave that one off I never got it I
was like why would you have it just
struck me as absurd that's something
like health insurance and health care
that there would be like plans or
choices my idea
I think it's expressed very well in the
movie John Q I think it's called with
Denzel Washington where he's like sick
help sick help that's it
either sick you get help and you don't
go bankrupt and all have to pay out of
pocket
that's it sick help that's it but he's
like it get rid of choices by by
covering everything and actually
improving upon under in Bernie's bill
they even pay they even cover like
dental and eye care which is not in the
overwhelming majority of private health
insurance plans again liar liar liar
lyin Ryan that's all he's got and then
finally we get to again here's how you
know somebody's just lying if they if
they bother to talk about health care
and they tell you the price tag of
Medicare for all
without telling you
we currently spend there a liar
full-stop medicare-for-all would cost
thirty two point six trillion dollars so
that's designed to make you go oh thirty
two point six trillion well that sounds
like a lot you know what it would cost
if we didn't do Medicare for all
thirty-four point six trillion so the
real question is how can we afford not
to do it how can we afford to keep our
current shitty system where we pay
double what the rest of the developed
world pays and we leave twenty nine
million people uncovered and we have
medical bankruptcies as a top cause of
bankruptcy how can we afford to keep
doing what we're doing but he doesn't
say that he doesn't even tell you what
the current system would cost so think
about it they never tell you this that
yes your taxes would go up but you
wouldn't have a private premium anymore
so you would actually net save money and
even when Bernie Sanders made that point
CNN took it out of context and they just
played him saying your taxes will go up
they didn't play the rest of the
sentence but you'll no longer have a
private premium and you'll save money
they didn't say there because what is
with our current health care system
what's your insurer insurance payment
that you have to pay every month what is
that what is that private taxes you're
paying taxes to a private company have
to have health insurance have to have it
so you're paying a private tax so you're
you would you're paying more as a
private tax than you would if we had
Medicare for all where it comes out of
your taxes but you actually save money
so he's a liar he's not telling you the
truth and finally he brings up the
ration care point you know I've
responded to this point so many times
and it hurts me that other people have
not picked up on this and started using
it because it is vitally important when
they say medic Medicare for all we would
have to ration care into Medicare for
All system you say we already ration
care we have anywhere from thirty two
thousand to forty five thousand people
that die every year in the US because
they don't have access to basic care so
we already ration care and
a result of it up to 45,000 people die
every year because they don't have
access to basic care in this country the
way we ration care with our private
system is by how rich are you how much
money do you have
are you well-off because then you'll get
care pretty quickly are you not that
well-off middle-class sorry
you're not gonna get help that quickly
now are you whereas in single-payer
countries they go by okay who needs to
help the most that's what we're gonna
help immediately
imagine having to actually structure an
argument against that position the
position of okay in our healthcare
system whoever needs help the most gets
it the quickest imagine having to
actually argue against that position
like no I think that's a bad way to do
it excuse you please I'd love to hear
this what's your argument but see Paul
Ryan doesn't bother to do that because
he can't argue answers we just lies
that's the whole point of what he's
doing here so Paul Ryan just come back I
just want everybody to know that he's
not an intellectual
he's a phone intellectual he read Ayn
Rand we was a [ __ ] teenager and that
helped shaped his life and shape his
life and it it's amazing that this guy
has people dude like this really using
this guy's like intelligent it's I get
this feeling about many of the elected
Republican officials they're just as bad
as Trump
it's just that they pretend better you
know like Trump he has got the whole
unfiltered thing Paul Ryan's totally
filtered but you look at his voting
record and I haven't checked it out on
538 but they have the tracking you know
politicians in the age of Trump thing
my guess is Paul Ryan votes with Trump
over 90% of the time so the idea that
like oh he's intellectual but Trump's a
dumb ass as many in the mainstream would
have you believe silly
absolutely silly
