the insanely bloated military budget
just passed the Senate and nobody's
really talking about this I mean the the
immigration issue is really snagging the
entire news cycle I think that is an
issue that should be discussed a lot but
I do think that this military issue
should be discussed at least equally as
much because it's that important
so Washington Post says US military
budget inches closer to one trillion
dollar mark one trillion dollars as
concerns over federal deficit grow so
the the vote I hope you're sitting down
was 82 to 10 so what that means is the
same Democrats who oftentimes scream and
Yelp and [ __ ] and moan about how Donald
Trump is a lunatic Donald Trump is
thin-skinned Donald Trump is crazy
Donald Trump should not have access to
nuclear weapons because he's genuinely
unbalanced those same Democrats who make
that argument on Monday on Tuesday they
go oh and by the way let's give this guy
what about an eighty billion dollar
increase in his military budget are you
[ __ ] kidding me that's like taking
the genuinely unbalanced village
alcoholic and saying oh this guy has
major issues anyway let's go buy him an
arsenal that there's no logical
connection there there's no reason to do
that that's the opposite of what you
should be doing if he's such a danger
and by the way I think he is then you
should not only should you not be
increasing military budget you should be
decreasing it massively you can't give
this man an army you can't give this man
the ability to do whatever whenever
wherever and by the way a lot of these
Democrats were also in favor of Donald
Trump's illegal unconstitutional bombing
of Syria without a vote from Congress
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi supported
that bombing oh my God he's so unhinged
he's so crazy he's so unbalanced and by
the way he should totally be bombing
people with no authority whatsoever it's
just we live in the
damn twilight zone and every time I have
to come out here and talk about this and
we're one of very few shows talking
about this and it's like CNN won't touch
it MSNBC they won't touch this and 82 to
10 only 10 people are against it I don't
even know I know Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders were on the proper side
of this I don't know who the other ones
were I know Rand Paul probably voted
against this military budget but I the
fact that 82 senators the overwhelming
majority of senators so most Democrats
were like yeah let's give him this it's
unbelievable man so this is the biggest
military budget since the height of the
Iraq war Donald Trump now has that so
what happened in response to this is
Bernie apparently has similar feelings
like I do and he thinks this is
outrageous and unbelievable and he took
to the floor of the Senate and he lashed
out seven hundred and sixteen billion
dollars at a time when in Louisiana as I
understand that they're not going to be
cutting food stamps for hungry children
where schools throughout this country
don't have enough money for books or for
teachers salaries we're talking about a
seven hundred and sixteen million
billion dollar military budget and this
process as I understand it will allow
for no amendments despite the fact that
I think virtually every member of the
Senate has concerns about this bill you
know mr. president over and over again I
have heard my Republican colleagues and
a number of Democratic colleagues come
to the floor and talk about a very
serious issue and that is the 21
trillion dollar national debt that we
are leaving our kids and our
grandchildren
but somehow when it comes to giving huge
tax breaks trillion dollars in
tax breaks to the top 1% suddenly we
don't hear much about that national debt
and when it comes to spending 716
billion dollars on a defense bill my
Republican friends are mute suddenly the
debt has disappeared because it's okay
to spend unlimited sums of money on the
military the president I have heard my
Republican colleagues tell us that the
United States just cannot afford to join
the rest of the industrialized world
every other major country and guarantee
health care to all of our people as a
right to a Medicare for all program to
what the American people want but I'm
told we cannot afford that 716 billion
dollars in one year for the military we
can't afford but health care for our
children and for our working people and
for the 30 million people who have no
health insurance and the tens of
millions of people cannot afford health
insurance that we cannot afford it's the
president at the moment that we are
engaged in a highly competitive global
economy I am told over and over again
that we cannot afford to make public
colleges and universities tuition-free
hundreds of thousands of our young
people are unable to go to college
because the families lack the income
millions leave school deeply in debt oh
no no we cannot afford to make public
colleges and universities tuition-free
but we can afford to spend seven hundred
and sixteen billion dollars in one year
on the military mr. president over half
of older Americans have no retirement
savings no retirement savings and yet I
got Republican colleagues in the house
and here in the Senate to say oh we
can't afford Social Security we got to
cut Social Security for people are
trying to get by on 1213
$18,000 are you cutting their
prescription drugs that have cut Social
Security yes but think about dealing
with the 716 billion dollar military
budget in a rational way no no no we
can't afford to do that we can't even
accept amendments here on the floor mr.
president the time is long overdue for
us to take a hard look at the enormous
amount of waste that the cost overruns
at the fraud and at the financial
mismanagement that has plagued the
Department of Defense for decades I've
heard many of my Republican colleagues
worried about that low-income people are
taking advantage of this program with
that program well you know where the
money is the money is at the Department
of Defense and it may be time that we
took a hard look at the fraud in the
financial mismanagement that exists
there and that is why I am offering a
bipartisan amendment I want to thank
senators Grassley and Lee for their
support on this amendment to end the
absurdity of the Department of Defense
being the only federal agency that has
not undergone and audited mr. president
it will not surprise you to note that
according to a Gallup poll in February a
few months ago 65 percent of the
American people opposed spending more
money on the Department of Defense
sixty-five percent say we should not
spend more money and yet over a two-year
period we're gonna spend some hundred
and sixty five billion more on the
defense so it shouldn't shock anybody
that what happens here is a direct
contradiction to what the American
people want Bernie goes on for about 25
minutes and he just keeps lashing out at
the military-industrial complex I love
this idea of auditing the Department of
Defense I mean we know what we're gonna
find is tar ilion's of dollars of waste
fraud and abuse and we know that because
we've seen the reports specifically for
the Iraq war in the Afghanistan war and
what happened was trillions of dollars
of waste fraud and abuse so you know
that's one of the reasons why the Iraq
war it's projected that by the year 2050
three it will cost seven trillion
dollars a lot of that is because we have
to pay the the interest because we
borrowed money to for the war and a lot
of it's because there was waste fraud
and abuse with a lot of these private
contractors that we didn't know bid
contracts and they can't account for a
lot of stuff man so it's just an endless
money pit that's what it is for the
military and you're not allowed to
question that because if you question
that you're unpatriotic and you don't
support our troops and you don't support
America they immediately tar you with
the same [ __ ] they put on people who
kneel during the national anthem why do
you hate America why do you hate America
oh you're not strong on national defense
you didn't vote for this this military
budget why do you hate our troops you're
not strong on military so then they'll
try to paint you as a terrorist
sympathizer if you do that and the thing
that drives me crazy is the things
Bernie Sanders is saying here it's it's
common sense I mean look you can see
here look at how much more money we
spend in every other country when it
comes to the military I mean you could
cut the US military budget in half and
we'd still have the biggest military in
the world by a mile and a half so I mean
come on man he's pointing out obvious
stuff yes we should audit the Department
of Defense yes we should at least cut
our military spending in half and we'd
still have the biggest military and we'd
still be the world's sole superpower and
you'd you know you would stop a lot of
the unnecessary harm that we actively
cause around the world if you did that
and he goes through a list there he says
okay
so let me get this straight people want
to cut Social Security s what the
Republican politicians want to do they
want to cut food stamps they want to cut
education they just did tax cuts for the
rich that's gonna add over a trillion
dollars to the deficit they say we can't
have health care for everybody we can't
have college for everybody but yeah you
want to do an 80 to 100 billion dollar
increase in military spending over a
single year fine I love that did you
know that just the increase in the
military budget okay so not the total
military budget just the increase from
last year to this year in military
spending is enough to fund free college
for everybody and still have about ten
billion dollars left over see that right
there that fact right there immediately
blows up all of the [ __ ] myths about
oh my god the dead the deficit we can't
what are we supposed to do we can't
afford [ __ ] health care we can't
afford college but we can't afford
something that's more expensive than
that which is urgently not needed which
is more money for our defensive budget
really it's an offensive budget for our
nine hundred military bases around the
world for our bombing of eight different
countries for our two full-scale wars
that are going on right this second so
it's like we live in the twilight zone
and Bernie Sanders is one of just a
handful of sane people left in the world
and again the crazy thing is Washington
is unique in this because he just cited
the number what was it 65 percent of
Americans don't want to spend more on
the military so Bernie's representing
the overwhelming majority the American
people which means in Washington the
vote was 82 to 10 in favor of this
gargantuan disgusting toxic grotesque
criminal military budget 82 to 10 82 to
10 in favor of it so that goes to show
you yes you want to talk about the
[ __ ] swamp there you go Donald Trump
there's the swamp but no he's part of
the swamp because Donald Trump is gonna
sign this with a goddamn smile on his
face then he's gonna hit the campaign
trail and brag about it and talk about
how all we have to cut all the programs
for you but oh my god we just had made
the military strong again we made it
great again meanwhile under Obama the
military budget was exploding as well it
was too high back then but they act like
aw it's depleted it was depleted and I
just made it be even better how's that
look to you does that look reasonable
does that look sane in a country that
has an infrastructure that gets a grade
of D plus [ __ ] Flint Michigan doesn't
even have clean water and they're not
the only one there's a lot of places
around the country that don't have clean
water over 70% in fact according to one
poll 80% of Americans live paycheck to
paycheck but this is cool but that's
cool right there it makes no [ __ ]
sense and more people need to start
saying it you need to start saying it
you need to tell everybody you [ __ ]
know about the reality of our military
budget and how the American people are
getting hosed the American people are
getting screwed the American people are
getting bamboozled why because the
military-industrial complex
so defense companies Raytheon Boeing and
the like Honeywell what they do is they
give money to the politicians for their
campaigns and so when they get elected
oh I got to pay back the people who put
me in office by giving me all the money
so endless military budgets as far as
the eye can see we got thousands of
tanks sitting in the Nevada desert right
now thousands of them thousands of them
why why do you think corruption
corruption we got to make more money and
we got to keep the jobs tied to the
[ __ ] endless military-industrial
complex and war is profit for the US we
don't it doesn't have to be like that
doesn't have to be like that at all we
could totally rewire our economy we can
have a green technology renewable energy
revolution we could have great jobs tied
to that we could have great jobs tied to
the rebuilding of our infrastructure but
no we have a permanent warfare economy
and at the same time they spend more
money on needless suffering and death
they say we got to cut grandma's Social
Security should we gotta increase the
prices of her medication sorry we can't
do anything about student loan debt
sorry we can't give everybody healthcare
sorry food stamps and a little too much
to ask to be able to pay for kids who
are hungry that we got to cut all day
long but we got plenty of money for the
military baby and if you disagree with
it why do you love the terrorists we
live in we live in what seems like a
shitty movie with facts on the ground
that are almost too too unbelievable to
mention it's almost like if you didn't
know all these facts and somebody just
told you this for the first time if
you're just learning about this now you
almost don't believe me you're almost
like come on this is really how it is
this how it is man this is how it is
because again in a movie if they had
these facts they the immediate response
would be people wouldn't accept that
they'd say no we can't have it like that
that's what it's like right now but
there's this massive effort to try to
pull the wool over your eyes to get you
to be passive and not give a [ __ ] about
stuff like this that's what's going on
so now you know and you should spread
the word as far as you can and we got a
like Bernie Sanders our next president
so we could at least start to untangle
some of the grotesque [ __ ] that's
been happening with our money in our
name
