I hope everybody's ready to get angry
today because that's what's gonna happen
take a look at this story from Politico
Tillerson US will maintain a military
presence in Syria this is an official
announcement of we're gonna stay in
Syria indefinitely we're just gonna stay
there a country that didn't attack us
yeah we're just gonna invade it and
occupy it and never leave this is why I
get frustrated and this is why I'm
really tough on the so-called resistance
because they love resisting when it's
trump's vulgar language they love
resisting when it's on the surface
Russia Russia Russia Russia so whenever
it's not policy related right yeah let
me let's just resist resist resist look
at my [ __ ] pink cat or whatever the
[ __ ] but when it's actual policy
crickets [ __ ] crickets [ __ ] that's
what I hear right now so here's the
here's an opportunity where the
mainstream media can go wall-to-wall
anti Trump coverage and they would be
right to go wall-to-wall anti Trump
coverage oh my god look at what he's
doing
invasion occupation of a country that
didn't attack us do the American people
want this no the American people don't
[ __ ] want this look at the polls they
don't want this you could resist wall to
wall on the mainstream media the
Democratic Party every elected Democrat
in the country can be out there saying
what are we doing what are we doing they
didn't even vote on this war there
wasn't even a vote that's that's against
the Constitution
that's a violation of the Constitution
you have to vote on a war Congress
approves war but no the administration
says oh we'll just go in there and we'll
pretend like this is all linked to
[ __ ] 9/11 9/11 Vedic Syria in goddamn
2016 2017 2018 is linked to 9/11 in 2001
when Al Qaeda barely exists anymore
there are jihadis Shore but other of
jihadists the ones the ones in Syria are
they the ones who attacked the United
States on 9/11 no are we even fighting
them in Syria no they're the ones were
de facto aligned with in Syria because
those are the rebels who are fighting
back against Assad the Syrian government
Democrats and [ __ ] mums the word
nobody's saying anything
this strunk resist what we do is resist
we're so strong where the opposition but
then when this happens nobody does
anything and then they wonder why you're
not super excited to go vote for them
maybe cuz you're not offering us
anything you're not doing anything the
American people want Democrats voted
with the Republicans to deregulate Wall
Street again that just recently happened
now we have this situation and by the
way even when they actually do oppose
Trump they have no backbone
they have no spine they already folded
once on daca they already Foley once on
it that's an area where they actually
disagree with them yeah we're in favor
of the dreamers they're not in favor of
the dreamers okay what are you gonna do
about it sorry we already folded once
around Christmas are we gonna fight now
maybe I don't know it depends on the
mood we're and we'll see well here's an
area do you have any idea you could win
an election on this issue alone you know
how easy it is these guys want endless
war play the clips of Donald Trump what
are we doing in the Middle East this is
what he used to say what are we doing in
the Middle East
we're wasting all of our money there our
infrastructure gets a grade of D plus
let's rebuild our infrastructure with
the money we're wasting overseas
why are we wasting this money it's so
stupid it makes no sense meanwhile our
soldiers are also dying in these
conflicts overseas countless civilians
are dying overseas which makes people
hate America even more and radicalizes
more people what are we doing bring the
troops home bring the troops don't play
clips of him saying that show the poles
of the American people only 17% of
Americans still want to be in
Afghanistan we're still there and that
was as of 2013 I bet that number is even
lower now probably 10% of Americans who
want to be in Afghanistan talk about the
7 trillion dollars wasted in Iraq 2
trillion dollars wasted in Afghanistan
why are we why are you not talking about
this stuff why are you not saying we are
a hundred percent against this
indefinitely saying in Syria are you
kidding me because they're just not
they're not against it they're not
against it it's not like Obama's hands
were clean on this front
he went into Syria too he was doing
drone strikes too he was bombing seven
countries Trump escalated it to eight
countries he threw he threw Niger in the
mix let me give you some of what's said
here Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on
Wednesday indicated that America will
maintain an indefinite military presence
in Syria to fight terrorist groups we'll
get to that in a second stand up to
Iran's growing influence and pave the
way for an end to the regime of Syrian
leader Bashar al-assad
all right let's pause what they just
said there makes no sense so what
they're saying is we're gonna stay in
Syria to be against everybody that's
where they just said because how are you
gonna go against Iran and Assad but also
against terrorist groups I Got News for
you it's Iran and Assad who are fighting
the terrorist groups you don't know that
but they do know that they're just
trying to pull the wool over your eyes
cuz they think you're an ignorant
American who's not gonna look into this
[ __ ] listen I don't care what the [ __ ]
you think about Iran or Assad you don't
have to like them you shouldn't like
them I don't like them but the fact of
the matter remains they are the ones who
are fighting the jihadis on the ground
in Syria that's a fact
all the store
we recently covered about how Isis
genuinely is on the brink of defeat and
they're running scared in the desert why
do you think that is it's because of the
Syrian army and it's because of the
Kurds and it's because of the Shia
militias and Iran it's because of the
Iraqi army it's because of the people on
the ground they're fighting them not
because of us
I know Trump likes to take credit for it
it's not because of us so how are you
gonna fight the people who are the
terrorists but also the people who are
fighting the terrorists and act like
these aren't contradictory goals those
are 100% contradictory goals so that
doesn't what they said already doesn't
make sense we're gonna stay there to
fight the terrorists but also to get
Assad out of power and also to fight
Iran so we're gonna stay there and fight
everybody that's what you're saying
you're gonna do do you have any idea how
moronic that sounds - anybody who knows
anything about the region more Tillerson
remarks were the clearest enunciation
yet by a trump administration official
of us plans in Syria they were
especially striking in their open-ended
commitment given the president given
that President Donald Trump campaigned
on a desire to extricate the u.s. from
messy wars in the Muslim world Tillerson
speaking in California at Stanford
University's Hoover Institution said the
Trump administration won't repeat the
error former President Barack Obama made
in withdrawing US troops from Iraq only
to have to send them back later to help
fight the Islamic state terrorist
network look at the [ __ ] framing
there we're not gonna make the same
mistake as Obama of pulling the troops
out they're not saying oh we're not
gonna make the same mistake as Bush of
going in there what that's what you
should be saying we're not gonna make
bama's mistake was taking people out no
it wasn't no it wasn't it was Bush's
mistake for sending anybody in in the
first place now you could say hey we'll
wire you know if while we're there what
are we supposed to do now now that were
there get the [ __ ] out
and guess what let's say you pull out of
everywhere in the Middle East and
everything goes to [ __ ] so so you want
help people help people send some
humanitarian aid to people who are not
jihadists I'm fine with that I'm sure
you're fine with that
if the choices are send people
humanitarian aid or [ __ ] stay there
indefinitely militarily and occupy them
wasting trillions of dollars and our
lives and the lives of civilians on the
other side which one is a better choice
but no they act like we have no choice
Obama's mistake was pulling out we have
no choice we have to be there forever
stop trying to pretend like we have no
choice we obviously have a choice we
clearly have a choice I just told you we
wasted seven trillion in Iraq which the
two trillion in Afghanistan we're
bombing eight different countries right
now drone strikes increased 432 percent
under Donald Trump the military budget
is what over seven hundred billion
dollars did you know we could fund free
college in the United States not with
the military budget with just the
increase in the military budget from
this year there was a 100 billion dollar
increase in military spending this year
Bernie Sanders free college bill cost
about 80 billion dollars so when they
tell you they always tell you this oh we
can't afford free college Medicare we
can't afford or can't afford a can't
afford can't afford our own we can't
afford it but endless war they don't
even [ __ ] blink
yeah sure blank [ __ ] check I don't
care that it's not helping anything I
don't care that these are illegal wars
of aggression I don't care that the
American people don't want this at all
in a [ __ ] democracy
I don't care well then stop pretending
like you're a representative government
you're not you're not a constitutional
republic you're not a representative
democracy you're not you're a goddamn
oligarchy and plutocracy you're
representing the rich you're
representing the corporation's you're
representing the military-industrial
complex a lot of people are making a lot
of money from these endless wars but
also a lot of innocent people are dying
where the [ __ ] are you media where are
you I know you're too busy still talking
about the [ __ ] country's remark so
you're too busy
doing fake resistance to do actual
resistance on policy issues you what is
it gonna take what is he gonna take
we're already permanently in Iraq we're
permanently in Afghanistan for those you
who don't know we have nine hundred
military bases all around the world that
costs a hundred billion dollars a year
to maintain what are we are we just
gonna endlessly throw money at this [ __ ]
while we have 45,000 people that die
here at home cuz they don't have access
to basic health care tens of millions of
people who have no health insurance
whatsoever we're just gonna sit around
and let this happen
half the country makes thirty thousand
dollars a year or less we're just gonna
pay all that's fine
don't care don't care wages have been
stagnant since the 1980s the minimum
wage is not a living wage so we have
millions of working poor people I don't
care about any of that just keep
throwing tax money overseas killing
innocent people creating more terrorists
all of this is illegal under
international law what we're talking
about here as a terrorist government the
United States imagine imagine if the
facts of this were reversed and it was
Iran bombing eight different countries
invading them illegally and permanently
occupying them what would we say imagine
it was [ __ ] North Korea all we saw in
to North Korea oh my god threat North
Korea the North Korean threat North
Korean threat North Korean threat is
North Korea bombing eight different
countries invading and occupying three
of them indefinitely is that what
they're doing do they have nine hundred
military bases around the world at a
cost of one hundred billion dollars a
year that's us we're doing that and you
don't get a goddamn peep from the
so-called left-wing party not a word not
a word from them
[Music]
and don't and then god damnit if any if
I hear anybody try to browbeat somebody
on the left word you voting for
Democrats I don't want to hear it I
don't want to hear it all the energy
that you've spent berating the left how
about you take that energy and berate
the corporate Democrats for going right
along with Donald Trump right along with
them not even a question it's not a
question yes your policy were with you
we want you to be able to spy on
everybody NSA spying we just voted to
give you warrantless spying power ten
Democrats did that about the same number
of Democrats voted to deregulate Wall
Street so you vote with them on Wall
Street you vote them on NSA spying you
vote with them on foreign policy and
then you're like gosh I can't a white
count are we winning
I've wonder [ __ ] why I wonder why
because with you your slimy little
weasels who try to pretend like you're
on the side of the people and then you
don't vote with the people at least in
recent times Trump's out there like yeah
I'm a [ __ ] [ __ ] sure I've had
enough of this man I've had enough of
this an immediate [ __ ] sound asleep
sound asleep nothing to say about this
nothing to say about the NSA spying
either the Democrats sound asleep
because they're there right along with
them we're not having we're having a
fake debate in the country this is all
Kabuki theater the Democrats will what
course language Donald Trump uses and
Donald Trump will get out there and say
yeah I'm his [ __ ] whole country's Naha
and then all day long the [ __ ] media
Oh
language language rhetoric let's talk
about the surface level semantics
literally [ __ ] I don't care about
some I care about policies and on
policies
you guys are continuing this rotten
disgusting Empire and we can't sit back
and let that happen anymore
the US has backed the rebels in Syria
the rebels are unquestionably aligned
with gee
they are jihadis many of them in fact
there was a study that found over 60% of
the rebels are jihadists 60% there's
been stories of us weapons given to
rebels those rebels immediately hand him
over to al-qaeda there's been stories of
literally us-backed rebels beheading
children there's also been stories of
Pentagon backed fighters in Syria
fighting CIA backed fighters so we're
arming both sides in a conflict even
along with supporting unsavory extremist
characters so understand that this has
nothing to do with protecting you
nothing at all what this has to do with
is us power us domination hegemony
that's what this has to do with it has
to do with the United States maintaining
control of what's viewed as a vital
region of the world and we look at the
world as a global chessboard and we want
to dominate that we want to keep Russia
in check we want to have our allies
dominate the Middle East we've aligned
with Saudi and Israel and we want to
have total control the region for
natural resources purposes so just
understand what this is about
they're gonna pretend like it's about
protecting you from terrorists if they
were so concerned about protecting you
from terrorists why did they armed them
in Syria if they're so concerned about
protecting you from terrorists why did
they give Saudi Arabia over a hundred
billion dollar weapons deal recently
Saudi Arabia is the home of Salafism
Wahhabism the extremist ideology that
the terrorists have they've been in fact
Saudi Arabia has been arming terrorists
jihadis
on the ground in Yemen they've also been
bombing women and children in Yemen so
we're aligned with them as they as the
government tells you no we we need to
keep doing all these wars and illegal
occupations because we're fighting them
it's the saddest most disgusting thing
I've ever seen and again anybody who's
well read on this stuff knows
immediately that the points the
government is making are total [ __ ]
so it's time to rise up and fight back
against it and not allow the government
to do this anymore
because we can't take it anymore
we don't have the money to do all this
[ __ ] around the world we got to stop
massacring innocent civilians we have to
stop backing terrorists if we just
stopped arming everybody in the Middle
East and elsewhere terrorism in the
world would be cut in half in a year we
give the arms to everybody who ends up
fighting how about we don't do that
that was Jill Stein's idea people love
to [ __ ] on Jill Stein but Jill Stein had
a brilliant idea when it was like you
know they're trying to figure out Oh
what do we do to be terrorism huh how
are we gonna be terrorism everybody I
know we're gonna get involved in this
war in that war and this war and Jill's
like no here's an idea how about you
stop arming everybody if you stop arming
everybody they're gonna not gonna have
the weapons to fight if they don't have
the weapons to fight you get a lot more
peace around the world now don't you so
just know that the government's lying to
you they're lying to you what they say
their purposes are that's not their
purposes they're not looking out for you
in fact what they're doing is robbing
you taking the funds and dominating the
world while backing terrorists
