so Joe Biden is a very mixed character
in my opinion he sat down for an
interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo and
you're about to see classic Biden which
is gigantic downsides but also the
occasional upsides just so everybody
knows he's likely gonna run in 2020 and
we're gonna see he's gonna give us here
some clues some hints as to what his
strategy would be going into a 2020
election
so first let's see the mumbo-jumbo angle
and the part where it looks like he
doesn't know what he's doing are we
heading down a very bad road or do you
think this all ends well look when I
when the president first got elected I
got heavily criticized for saying I hope
he succeeds because America succeeds and
the president succeeds and I found
myself first first bemused thinking that
maybe these were just over the top gas
that we're going on but now I've gone
from that to I'm genuinely concerned
there's two things that have popped up
first one is that on this business this
this naked nationalism that it's now us
against them as Richard Haass says
there's three ways countries lose their
ability to influence the world and lose
their power and one of them which is
advocating that power we're advocating
our responsibility around the world and
putting everything in terms of us versus
them the second thing that combines with
that is this phony populism this notion
that the way in which that you the only
reason you have a problem is because of
the other it's because of that immigrant
or that minority or because of someone
else doing something to you
and so this president spent his entire
time since he's gotten an office trying
to divide the country study unite the
country and as I said it we I am more
optimistic about the chances for America
in the 21st century than I have been in
my whole career we have the most
advanced universities in the world where
all the research comes out oh we have
the most productive people
world where have the most agile venture
capitalists we're in a situation where
we're energy independent North America I
mean what are we doing we're not talking
about any of the things that really
matter and all he seems to be trying to
do is undo everything President Obama
has done but he's not able to do that by
the way why not well because if you see
what happens you have he's tried to get
he's damaged health care but it's not
gone
he has gone after the Paris Accord but
you see mayors and governors and local
leaders getting together and making sure
that doesn't have the effect that he
intended it to be you find us in a
situation where you know there are
millions of people still have as I said
health care and preventive care you find
ourselves in position where the
education system it's actually getting
better and better so that was a poor job
and I'm gonna break it down for you and
explain why it's a poor job because the
message is it's all over the place it's
just garbled up if garbled is a word I
may have just made it up but if I did
make it up man that's a great word
garbled bar gold bar bar belt whatever
you got the point
he's just mumbo-jumbo he's all over the
place so he goes first he starts
attacking Trump he's like ah man
nationalism as nationalism is bad then
he goes to well you know the other
problem is the u.s. is abdicating power
around the world what so for those who
don't know Trump's bombing 8 different
countries number one that's not a good
thing number two that is certainly not
abdicating power around the world you
know people like Biden and establishment
types were upset with Trump when he was
on the campaign trail not because they
thought this guy's a lunatic who's gonna
start blowing up everything in sight and
starting unnecessary wars but because
they thought he might not do that
because half the time he did non
interventionist rhetoric on the campaign
trail and said let's get out of
Afghanistan and let's rebuild here at
home now he didn't end up acting on that
stuff but I wish he did act on that
stuff Joe Biden is upset because oh no
America seems to be abdicating power how
Joe how we're bombing a different
countries how we still have 900
military bases around the world how so
then he moves on to his phony populism
there's phony populism going on here
stop you know the Democrats need to stop
attacking the idea of populism and
there's also doesn't seem to be a clear
definition that everybody's getting on
board with for populism so he seemed to
indicate that populism is bigotry no
populism is doing the appealing to what
average people want doing that which is
popular among average people so stop
stop smearing that word understand that
the populist angle of Trump's campaign
was oh I'm not going to outsource your
jobs I'm against NAFTA I'm against TPP
so that was the populist angle of
Trump's campaign it not
man I hate immigrants so when he starts
attacking populism but I think most
people intuitively understand the
populism means you know look doing what
the average Joe wants then that's not
you're not that's not kind of land
that's not a message that's gonna land
so the when he goes after Trump he goes
after Trump for nationalism abdicating
power which is a terrible idea to go
after him for if you want to go after
him you should go after him for not
abdicating power in other words not
withdrawing US troops from around the
world that would be a more powerful
message because people want to stop
wasting money and all these dumb Wars he
goes after him for populism and he goes
after him for bigotry then you get to
and this is why the message is so
confused he goes I'm optimistic about
America wait what you just went through
a million reasons why you're like God
things are so bad and then he pivots to
a domme optimistic what what you can't
say I'm gonna attack this guy who's
president now because he's doing so many
fucked-up things and then also say but
I'm optimistic which is it either you're
like holy things are really bad
look at this guy in here or you're like
oh I'm optimistic about the country he
tries to have it both ways and then he
he references venture capitalists come
on Joe Kahn Joe really as if you know
Rhett a regular person is sitting on
their couch in
in the state of Washington going yeah
you know we do have some great venture
capitalists don't we know they're like
 you venture capitalists it's
because that's the circles he runs in
middle-class Joe is now is now wealthy
ass Joe that was not catchy enough well
you get the point and then he goes on to
say well we and we got the best schools
hey maybe you should be focusing on the
student loan debt crisis for example or
the fact that you know people are still
paying off student loan debt and they're
in their 50s and 60s that seems to be a
big problem to me but no you're bragging
about how great our schools are and then
finally the he does the the bragging
about Obama's half-measures Obama's
incrementalism the Democrats are not
going to win elections on half-measures
you're not going to win elections on
half-measures you're gonna win elections
on saying here's what I'm in favor of
and you guys already support these
things Medicare for all free college
living wage new New Deal legalizing
marijuana it's not an inspiring message
to go out there and say well you know
Obama did some good things that were
incrementalist and Trump is trying to
take him away but he's not totally
succeeding and taking him away what the
 is that what is that so at the same
time that he's lambasted trumping only
things are terrible he's other messages
America is already great just like
Hillary Clinton did and we know how that
message worked out people rolled their
 eyes you want to know why people
rolled their eyes cuz they're hurting
they're hurting Joe people are
struggling half of workers in America
make thirty thousand dollars a year or
less you pick one you either go holy
 things are up and we have to
fix them or you go America is already
great now what I would tell you is drop
the Americas are too great stick because
it's nonsense that's the old-school
political playbook Ronald Reagan won on
his sunshine and cheeriness it's not the
1980s anymore Joe
it's not the 1980s anymore you have to
run on a message of is up
and we got to fix it you want to know
why you have to run on that message cuz
 is up and we have to fix it
so
but this is the downside of Joe Biden if
he runs in 2020 and he runs a campaign
like this believe it or not he could
lose and I know I'll be like oh please
Kyle but everybody said every step of
the way Trump would never become
president he's president so I would hope
people have learned humility by this
point first they said he's never gonna
win a debate then he wanted to bait then
they said okay he's never gonna win the
second debate he won the second debate
then they said there's no way he's gonna
win a caucus he won a caucus then they
said there's nobody's gonna win a
primary he want a primary then they said
there's no way he's gonna get the
nomination he got the nomination then
they said there's no way he's gonna be
present he became president now people
are saying there's no way he's gonna get
reelected have some humility and
understand it is possible to lose to
this guy still despite all of his
ridiculous antics and nonsense and even
his shitty policies if the Democrats
have a message that can't even be
understood like this one things are
terrible but also I'm optimistic about
America is it which is it if they
do that they're in trouble that's shitty
Biden now let's see what Biden can be at
his best watch when you go to speak to
the Democrats now this is going to be a
big deal they have to figure out some
very fundamental things being anti-trump
probably won't be enough what is the
challenge for your party the challenge
is for us to step up and offer concrete
answers which we're doing for example
when we talk about you know the plight
of the of the working class well you
know one of the plates is the cost of
education the cost of daycare the cost
of being will care for your kid and
there's no reason in the world why we
can't step up and have continued
education that's free that we can't be
in a situation where look today one of
the reasons why we ended up the most
powerful nation of the world because of
our education system and the turn of the
20th century in New York and other
places I said they're going to be twelve
years of not means-tested free education
if we were doing that today Chris do you
think we do it for 12 years
No so if there's not enough not even
close everybody knows it so what the
hell are we doing the money on other
people's homes oh well no no well I see
I don't think that I think they think we
don't have the money to spend if you
eliminate it one single loophole call
stepped-up basis there's there's a
trillion three hundred and forty billion
dollars in loopholes out there for the
wealthy and for others if you're just
eliminated one that cost seventeen
billion dollars I could put every single
qualified kid in America who qualifies
into Community College for free for free
cutting the cost of four-year college in
half it cost six billion a year and I
can reduce the deficit by eleven billion
dollars because we're giving away
seventeen billion dollars a year in a
thing cost us so an idea like that is a
centrist idea you've said before the
Democrats have to think about how to get
to the center and speak to the people
that voted for President Trump your
party is not moving to the center mr.
vice president it's moving to the left
well Chris you know me well and I don't
want to I don't want to correct you my
point is I don't think you have to
choose between your heart and your soul
if you go back and look at my record of
36 years and seven I was ready to won
most liberal senators in the United
States Senate that 36 year period
I'm the guy that spoke out on same-sex
marriage and a whole range of other
things I take a back seat to no one to
being progressive I found no distinction
between being able to be progressive and
worrying about working-class people
thank you there you go and by the way to
his credit very few other Democrats
wouldn't know to respond like that most
people would immediately give in to
Chris Cuomo's framing where
Chris Cuomo is like hey you know in
order to be Trump you guys got to move
to the center that's what you gotta do
most Democrats being oh yeah totally
you're right we need to move the center
let's go to the center now that's what
most Democrats would do Joe Biden was
like man well here's the deal if your
progressive you're fighting for workers
I was one of the most liberal senators
and that's actually what makes me win
elections yes that's the answer
now listen overall I mean let's keep it
real about Joe Biden he's an
establishment Democrat he's at the very
least a half establishment Democrat
I think he's maybe a little more to the
left than Obama but he's probably not
even as far left is Elizabeth Warren and
Elizabeth Warren has quite a bit of
establishment in her so I'm not saying
he's you know
he's some sort of populist left hero
he's not but I'm just saying that his
rhetoric there is winning rhetoric that
rhetoric right there is winning rhetoric
so he says oh what do you do to win and
Joe Biden basically says free college
there's an issue right there why
wouldn't we do free college and all you
have to do is eliminate one tax loophole
for the ultra rich and then you could
pay for free college thank you Joe that
is that's true that's a winning message
the US Democrats are for a free college
the Republicans are not for free college
they're for protecting tax loopholes for
the ultra rich so whose side are you on
America you want to be with the people
who are fighting for the mega-rich to
continue to hide their money in the
Cayman Islands and Barbados or
you want to be with us who are saying no
we're gonna close that loophole and give
your kid college for free that's a
no-brainer that's a no-brainer
and again Chris Cuomo they're totally
spewing the establishment
wisdom of well you know obviously since
the Donald Trump is a Republican and so
in order for the Democrats to win they
need to move more towards the
Republicans and be more centrist do you
like my hard core logic no I don't eat
it because that's exactly what Hillary
Clinton did Hillary Clinton's whole
message was oh look at me I'm so
moderate I'm so centrist I'm so ready to
negotiate and compromise and you know
hey Trump is the only really bad
Republican I love all the other
Republicans those are good people but
Trump is an anomaly and man is he crazy
and is he outside the realm of what's
acceptable and people looked at that
said she's the establishment candidate
 that I'm gonna go with the
anti-establishment candidate Trump they
rolled the dice on a crazy reality host
because Hillary was that unpalatable
because she was so establishment and she
made arguments like Chris Cuomo is
saying they should the Democrats should
make now
arguments like Oh
so centrist look at us we agree with the
Republicans Chris I got news for you
buddy the American people hate the
Republican Party and the Democratic
Party they hate both parties so why do
you want the Democrats to run a
candidate who's like I agree with both
parties that's literally the last thing
that any candidate should do a can that
has a much better shot at they come
along and say hey I hate the Democrats
and the Republicans I think you're both
terrible I think you're both not
representing the American people
Congress has an approval rating of 16%
and you want the can take that's gonna
come along and say I agree with both of
these very unpopular parties what an
idiot you're such an idiot
but this is all they talk about in
Washington DC this is all they say in
their in their sycophantic circle jerk
of elitists where they're like oh this
this this is the argument that will win
elections but you've tried that for
decades and you keep losing that's the
exact argument that the Democrats used
throughout the Obama years and what
happened the Democrats lost a thousand
seats who's the most popular politician
in America right now Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders is the guy who says I
don't like either party the Republicans
are terrible and I'm trying to beg the
Democrats to move in the right direction
but they're not listening to me so the
guy who regularly shits on both parties
and money in politics and talks about
income inequality and says hey let's do
free college and Medicare for all in a
living wage
that's the guy who everybody's like I
like that guy so the second part here of
what Biden said is good that's good
that's how you win elections you talk
about concrete solutions tell people hey
I'm for free college that's what you do
that's what yeah I'm for free college
I'm for free healthcare I'm for a living
wage I'm for legalizing marijuana I'm
for a giant jobs program that rebuilds
our infrastructure this is how you win
elections so Biden when push comes to
shove you put Biden in a corner and
he'll actually start making some of the
right arguments but the problem is his
message isn't sharp enough and you saw
that in the first part of what I showed
you because when you give him it's
almost like when you give him too much
of an open-ended way to answer a
question that's when he's all over the
place oh you know trumpet the
nationalism is bad and abdicating power
and phony populism and bigotry but
America is great and that's why things
are
terrible but they're great and I'm
optimistic and we have good venture
capitalists Oh Joe what are you saying
so listen I hope it doesn't come down to
Biden versus Trump I really do
I hope we have a populist left candidate
who's really against the establishment
not somebody who's mostly with the
establishment but occasionally bucks the
establishment like Joe Biden but I did
want to give you a breakdown of if he
runs which seems likely at this point
what to expect from him from Joe Biden
if he were to run you can expect
basically half the time for him to make
terrible arguments and come across not
well but the other half the time you can
expect him to actually stumble upon some
of the correct arguments so you know
look I think if it was in 2016 and it
was Biden versus Trump instead of
Hillary versus Trump I think Biden would
won but I don't even want to have a
question about it I know Bernie would
have won I know it with Biden it's like
no he'd probably win but there's a
chance Trump wins so I don't know let's
not roll the dice anymore let's let's go
with the safe option who the person who
we know is gonna win and the safe option
is not the centrist option Chris Cuomo
the safe option is the left option
