what's up [ __ ] every time I do a
livestream I'm reminded of how stupid I
am because I'm like this isn't how it
was working last time last time it was
easier to do this so I think I'm live
now it says I'm live now so I'm gonna
assume I'm live no you know I got to
also figure out how to do Lilith was
telling me about mods I got to figure
out the mod situation you know what I
don't like I don't like how we're
recording now but then when this goes
when this goes up afterwards it starts
with like it starts like 30 minutes and
already which i think is kind of weird
because some people will go and watch it
and then they don't realize that there
was like a whole 30 minutes they missed
i guess the video has to process it's
the same reason that when you do a live
stream the comments underneath sometimes
don't show for a really long time
I noticed that happened when I went on
Joe Rogan I went to the to watch the
video and it said loading the comments
for like a really long time it took like
a day and a half before the comments
actually showed up okay so let's I'm
gonna talk about a few things and then
I'll take some super chats from
everybody but first let me hop on over
to the control room Intan and see what's
going on I'm mostly doing this because
there hasn't been a Kyle encore in like
a zillion weeks and I feel kind of bad
about that and not to throw a corner
under the bus but I'm gonna throw him
under the bus every time there's a Miss
Kyle in Koren it's his fault it's never
my fault I'm always down to do with Kyle
in corn so but he's been busy he's an
actual human being who like goes on
vacations from time to time so he's been
he's been away or he's been working
overtime at his job job and he hasn't
had the time to do a Kyle and Koren I
have a Swedish Fish here no I have not
sold out to Swedish Fish
you know I remember these being better
tasting than they were I feel like um
the last time I had sweet when I was a
kid and I had Swedish Fish oh my god
these are so delicious now they just
taste like whatever I'd rather have um
I'd rather have some sour [ __ ] some you
know like the worms that have the sour
taste and the little like the sugar on
it that's a lot better than this I think
somebody's had swedish fish Chuck I
wouldn't say suck
I wouldn't say suck but I'd say they're
they're very mediocre somebody's got to
go to school now that sucks man you're
gonna miss my live stream because you
got to sit in a classroom everybody
knows I'm more entertaining then
whatever your whatever is happening in
your class will I do a Joe Rogan podcast
why beyond Joe Rogan at some point in
the future I'm sure I will mean him got
along really well and I've spoken him a
few times since I've been on his podcast
and I'm sure I don't know maybe like a
year or something I'll go back on I hate
traveling though everybody knows up I'm
a little [ __ ] he's he said a long time
ago not to me but on a podcast a long
time ago that he might actually come to
New York and do some podcasts here I
guess he would come here like do
stand-up and then do some podcasts and
if he's ever in New York you better
invite me on for sure except that's a
hell of a lot easier than going all the
way to LA um ok so let me start talking
about some stuff I'll take some super
chats later but before I do [ __ ] all
right first thing I wanted to talk about
was I'm gonna butcher this name so bad
it's comical arcadi are are Katie
Arkadiy Arkadiy bad chenko it sounds
like okay like a name I made up like
[ __ ] around with a friend or
something
Arkady babichenko is I guess a Russian
journalist or maybe a Ukrainian
journalist but just I think Russian but
very very hard on
Putin and the Kremlin and there were
reports like three days ago like this
guy was murdered and like every Western
media outlet immediately ran like a
thousand articles another Putin critical
journalist killed another Putin critical
journalists killed well guess what I
think was yesterday randomly he showed
up on like a TV show it was like I'm not
dead
and I guess it was some sort of sting
situation where there was a hit out on
his life and so they were to him like he
was already dead in order to get the try
to figure out who did put the hit out on
him or something like that I don't know
the details of it it doesn't matter
bottom line is the second that Western
media outlets thought they had like
another anti-putin story they were like
yeah awesome another journalist killed
it's almost like they revel in it
but then it turned out to be [ __ ]
and it's like oh wow you guys really
jumped a gun whenever there's a story
that paints an official u.s. enemy as
bad they will immediately run with it
and like be really critical but you know
flip the script to a US ally and it's
nothing but bending over backwards to
try to make it seem like they did
nothing wrong and the perfect example
that is Israel I mean Israel massacres
journalists when they wear they're
wearing a [ __ ] vest that says press
and Israeli snipers are shooting them
from 200 yards away murdering them and
it's all on video and there's no like
you know a flow of stories and and
unanimity among the opinions in said
stories about how a what a human rights
abusing terrible regime maybe they need
regime change over there so I just find
it funny how it's almost like the
propaganda so in your face that you
can't help but laugh at it the other
thing that I was thinking about
yesterday because Trunk keeps doing it
he's like a broken record he's got his
he's like um a musician that has their
greatest hits and he just keeps going
back to his greatest hits to make his
audience cheer but he keeps talking
about ms-13
and he keeps pretending like the entire
Democratic Party is like oh we are in
favor of ms-13 and I just like everybody
to know that that we are actually on
their side and we think that they're
wonderful and I'm just like I'm stunned
by the fact that his supporters are
going with that and he keeps saying that
as if it's not the most obvious straw
man in the world like it requires the
bare minimum amount of intellectual
honesty to admit that when Democrats
went after Trump for that comment that
he made they interpreted what he said as
you know all undocumented immigrants
coming in the country are animals and I
played the clip for you guys now in my
opinion I genuinely see how you can
interpret either thing from what he said
but what's stunning to me is how Trump
is just pretending like every Democrat
is defending ms-13 a vicious gang where
they have [ __ ] tattoos on their face
and they [ __ ] kill everybody in sight
and no nobody's defending ms-13 they're
saying hey man we think you just called
all undocumented immigrants animals and
that's what we have a problem with but
you know you have Trump going around
acting like they're cute they love ms-13
Democrats love ms-13 and then the the
irony beyond that is you know how you
could actually effectively fight back
against a gang like ms-13 and other
gangs by ending the drug war by
legalizing marijuana at a federal level
by decriminalizing all drugs because how
do you put gangs out of business how do
you crack down on the black market and
how do you reduce crime well very simply
by legalizing the product taking it off
of the black market so that they go out
of business because nobody's gonna want
to go to some shady you know back-alley
dealer to get some drugs when they could
just go to CVS or Walgreens or you know
how there's like liquor stores and stuff
imagine if there was just well they
already have this on like California and
Colorado and stuff but they're like a
weed store yeah I'm just gonna go into
the weed store
and get some weed you know who wants to
go to a back alley with some shady
characters when they could just buy it
legit over-the-counter even if it's
slightly more expensive when you go to a
legit store the overwhelming majority
people gonna want to go to a store so
it's like a deathblow two gangs like
ms-13 if you end the drug war but Donald
Trump is pursuing policies that embolden
ms-13 while he's lying about how
Democrats love ms-13 that's what they do
they love em as 13 and I'm just so it's
so [ __ ] it's just so dishonest like I
try my best to always assume good intent
among people and think like oh no they
they believe whatever it is they're
arguing so they're arguing in good faith
and I try my best to stick to that as
much as possible but there are so many
examples where I just don't see how that
interpretation is reasonable like I all
you can view that as is Donald Trump and
his supporters many of his supporters I
should say they're not acting in good
faith they're not being intellectually
honest it's like obvious that Democrats
are not Pro ms-13 they're Pro you know
undocumented immigrants and they don't
want them all to be lumped into the same
basket and treated like [ __ ]
um and then there's a really sad story I
want to talk to you guys about Harvard
just released a study and I'm sorry that
I'm too in these but they're too good I
just said they were mediocre now I'm
saying they're good I contradicted
myself they taste good when you're
really hungry I'll leave it at that um I
just worked out two which is like why
are you eating swedish fish after you
worked out you [ __ ] I agree why am i
doing that it's [ __ ] stupid I'm a
jackass so a Harvard study estimated
that at least four thousand six hundred
and forty five people died in Puerto
Rico due to Hurricane Maria the official
death toll we read for this so this is
what the US government admits and Puerto
Rico is a u.s. territory so we obviously
bear responsibility in the fallout FEMA
is supposed to be there they're supposed
to be helping making sure everything's
okay and then back on there
rebuilding infrastructure and to an
extent they did but you know Trump tried
to make clear early on like this is not
my Katrina this is not my Katrina no
matter how you look at it's not my
Katrina and he honestly in the fallout
of when the hurricane hit he was
bragging about how low the death toll
was I mean think about that in the wake
of the devastation he goes there and he
starts bragging about how low the do we
should be very proud low death toll very
proud and that's him basically saying
this is not my Katrina so don't look at
me like George W Bush I'm successful
he's not the official death toll is 64
that's what they admit to the Harvard
study says four thousand six hundred and
forty five people minimum so that is I
mean that is such a [ __ ] man
holy [ __ ]
mother nature is I mean if mother nature
wants to [ __ ] you up you're done you got
no hope Lilith was telling me a while
ago I got a text from her I don't know
maybe two weeks ago now she was like be
careful there's a tornado watch in your
area I was like what the [ __ ]
so I start looking at the weather and
it's true I looked outside guys it went
from like a sunny day beautiful outside
pretty hot but beautiful in terms of
sunshine and everything blue skies all
of a sudden it was like a [ __ ] scene
from the day after tomorrow that goofy
ass movie we're like this guy just
turned like the most ominous shade of
grey I'd ever seen in my life the wind
kicked up you know there was supposed to
be hail that came now I didn't end up
getting hail I spoke somebody who did
get hell and it looked like a tornado
could hit any second so I went
downstairs and I was like I turned into
a little [ __ ] cuz that's you know it's
times like that and Lilith well honestly
laugh at that ultimately because she's
in tornado alley so she sees the real
devastation she's seen the tornadoes and
everything but that's when you realize
like oh [ __ ] we're all just like on
borrowed time because if you're in
if you're in California there's gonna be
a big-ass earthquake that hits at some
point and you're overdue for it you know
if you're in Florida for example they
get walloped by hurricanes all the time
you go from the south and then move
north towards the Northeast and that
entire area they're just regularly gets
hit by hurricanes where I'm in New York
sometimes we get hit by hurricanes but
usually it's at the tail end but like no
matter how safe you think your place is
it's just not I mean there's the the
[ __ ] supervolcano that can go off
like we have that in the United States
and if that thing were to blow forget it
like more than half of the continental
United States would just be wiped out
from a supervolcano and the fallout as a
result of it
so nothing's stable and then when you
read like we had Hurricane Katrina back
under Bush you would think that since
then they would have you know FEMA
totally ready to go for if another
situation like that were to happen and
we'd have all the procedures in place to
to fix everything and ameliorate the
damage of any kind of natural disaster
[ __ ] that is not the case at all you
know think of how like the DMV works and
how its really shitty and just kind of
like scrap together
that's [ __ ] FEMA to like they'll have
some crates of food and they'll have
some [ __ ] rafts and [ __ ] and they fly
it in there but then the distribution
networks aren't there anymore because
the people who are supposed to be the
first responders in Puerto Rico we're
unable to get to the place where they
can get the goods and then distribute
them to the people so and the other
thing is how many people of the 4645
people how many of them died from like
starvation because that could have
happened like they survived the
hurricane and then it's like oh we don't
have any food or any way to get food and
there's no way to travel now so I mean
the fact that this [ __ ] is happening and
like in the modern day it's like wow we
are all [ __ ] it just reminds you how
human you are and how [ __ ] fragile
you are when it really comes down to it
and it's some really scary [ __ ] so
there's some other stuff I was going to
talk about but I think I'm actually
gonna have to save that for the show for
tomorrow to do proper segments on it so
I guess now skis I will start taking
some super jets if I can find yes I can
here we go
all right hit me [ __ ] Oh actually
before I do that let me ask a question
do I have the new emblem for the
livestream setup or is it the old radio
wave emblem because I tried to change it
to the new one and I'm not sure if it
worked like it looks like it didn't work
when I try to change it so is it the old
one or the new one is it the old emblem
or the new emblem for the secular talk
screen like when I started the
livestream and it showed up and some
people are saying it's the old one [ __ ]
ma'am why is everything so goddamn
difficult I tried to change it and it
just like wasn't changing and I'm like
what this should not be as [ __ ] hard
god damn it that's annoying okay I'll
figure out a way I'll figure out a way
mmm I obviously can't do it now cards
what's cards you don't want whatever
whatever [ __ ] I'll figure it out some
other time anyway ask away [ __ ]
you know chomp away on these swedish
fish I'm such a hypocrite because it
annoys the [ __ ] out of me when people
are doing a stream and they make mouth
noises and then Here I am with this mic
that picks up every little noise you
make and I'm eating swedish fish do I
have
the wrong thing on top chat live chat
all messages are visible some messages
such as potential spam may not be
visible hmm whatever you're getting old
Kyle technologies becoming too hard for
you it's always been hard for me I'm a
[ __ ] idiot go back and watch some of
the early like 2008 secular talk videos
um I didn't know what I was doing then I
don't know what I'm doing now his Linda
Sarsour a bad representative for the
left yes and no I mean she said some
stupid [ __ ] about like Sharia back in
the day but I think now she's not like
she's not in favor of a theocracy she
supported Bernie Sanders for [ __ ] sake
what guy secular as secular can be
growing hemp in the Appalachian
Mountains for biofuel to get away from
Saudi oil influence and give those
people jobs to go back to didn't didn't
they legalize hemp recently in Kentucky
or they're trying to they need to do
that I enjoy the Allison hearts in an
interview I hope the polls are skewed
and not taking account certain factors
well all she needs to do is get to the
general and then she has a very good
chance so as long as she's in the top
two for the primary which she very well
could be then she's in the general then
we're really talking Kyle I'm planning
on joining an electrician Union I was
wondering why there's hate against
unions in general well that's the
propaganda that we've been fed over the
years that unions are bad and they make
people lazy and you know they're they
get they make it so the workers get more
than their then then they need or
whatever but that's just the propaganda
that's been coming from management
bottom line is strong unions equal a
strong middle class and are there some
downsides to it sure you do get the
occasional old guy that's lazy as [ __ ]
and still gets paid well but I think
that aspect of it is a necessary evil so
we continue to have a strong middle
class so I think the hate against unions
is largely unmerited unmerited Sargon
want you to come to his Manhattan events
wants to discuss things on stage you
didn't know how to reach you though
email him right down there you know okay
I have his email I'll reach out to him
thank you um I enjoyed your interview
mmm
loved the show but I'm joining the Navy
I'm as left as you are with maybe a
couple exceptions should I just avoid
all political conversations I just find
it hard not to call out bad opinion bad
points I don't know man that's a tough
one I mean you're going into what's
probably a hotbed of not conservatism
necessarily but the way the military is
designed you you have to listen to your
higher-ups like that's the design of it
it's very hierarchical
it's very authoritarian in that respect
I know I don't say that as a pejorative
authoritarian I say it is like it's just
the nature of what it is so I don't know
that's it that's that's a difficult one
man that's a difficult one um just be
true to yourself and you might find that
you don't even want to be in the Navy
once you're in the Navy I've had some
friends who've been you know involved in
the military some of them stayed for a
while but others dip their toe in the
water and we're like [ __ ] I can't do
this so that might happen take my money
you lesbian sumbitch there's some amount
of immoral oh is there some amount of
moral ineptitude you are willing to put
up with for the right policies moral
ineptitude I'm not sure you mean so let
me ask are you talking like FDR packing
the courts for example which is
unethical but the ends justify the means
type thing is that way your are is that
what you're asking me if I'm okay with
that
I think that's why you're asking me but
