so if you guys remember it was just a
few days ago that in the Q&A
one of the questions was you know how do
we prevent the mainstream media from
basically railroading justice Democrats
and all efforts from the populist left
to reform the Democratic Party and make
it actually represent the people and my
response to that question was look it's
I don't even care if they attempt to
railroad us because in the process of
doing that they're only gonna make us
stronger because they're gonna [ __ ] on
us and in the process of [ __ ] on us
certainly Millennials but probably most
people would realize this smells
disingenuous and this looks pathetic so
the more they talk about is like ooh
look at look at how naughty and bad
these populist left wingers are and
they're they keep snubbing the
responsible centrist neo liberals and
that only help us and not only make us
grow and so my point was the real thing
we need to fear is indifference so in
other words if they just don't if
there's just no conversation about us
they don't cover us they don't talk
about us they pretend we don't exist
that's the real danger because that's
their best tool to try to suppress us oh
oh yeah I don't see anything I don't
hear anything they don't exist it
doesn't doesn't mean anything doesn't
matter well turns out perhaps I'm a
little too honest because it looks like
the establishment has been taking my
advice and they said whoa we're we
should shut the [ __ ] up and act like
these people don't exist so there's a
few stories that came out within the
past week week or so that it just is
this mentality personified it's just
exactly the thing that I said we need to
make sure doesn't happen
and it really is stunning and it's
really got me pissed off on another
level so first let's go over to the hill
and see what they have to say not
necessarily about the populist left and
justice democrats but about youtube okay
so it says online right fumes after
YouTube ad crackdown alright so right
there incredibly misleading and simply
wrong it's not just the right that's
like oh my god
YouTube and there D monetization it's
affecting us and it's horrible
no no you've seen me scream about it
with my hair on fire you've seen Jimmy
door do the same thing you've seen David
Pakman do the same thing because it is
drastically affecting us we don't count
though we don't count see what they're
trying to do they're trying to set it up
as no no don't worry don't worry about
the YouTube thing and the D monetization
thing because I mean that's really only
affecting people who are really
genuinely hateful and you know then
[ __ ] Nazi channels and white
nationalists and whatnot and Richard
Spencer like people say oh you don't
even worry about that it's the right
complaining about it that's an attempt
to make a normal audience go oh okay
there's whiny [ __ ] right-wingers but
it's not that's not true okay let's see
what they have to say YouTube is in hot
water with conservative users and
creators with the Google owned video
giant accused of discriminating against
the right as YouTube takes ads off
content that it says violates the Terms
of Service
last month YouTube quietly made moves to
remove advertisements on certain types
of content that it says is not
consistent with its Terms of Service
YouTube doesn't serve ads on D monetize
videos meaning big hits to the bottom
line for conservative YouTube
personalities YouTube says that its
efforts are aimed at cracking down on
hate speech but conservative and
right-wing video creators say they're
frustrated by the changes every part of
that is incorrect so far it's not just
conservatives it is 100% independent
voices and populist left voices I've
told you guys a thousand times
crushed us there was a week where we
made nothing and then after that week
it's not like ad pocalypse stopped we
still have a permanent 60% cut to our
revenue and the ads that we do get are
in like a second-tier lower level ad
it's a it's a shittier kind of ad that
doesn't pay nearly as well and it's
absolutely affecting me and it's
affecting Jimmy Dore and humanist Report
and David Pakman and you go down the
list of the left-wing channels it's 100%
affecting them because YouTube's
algorithm is so [ __ ] stupid
that it doesn't distinguish
differentiate hey this person like when
I was speaking about the the mass
shooting in Vegas and you know I came
out really against it I don't like the
murder of 59 people and the injuring of
over 500 and I called for reasonable
solutions to try to fix it nope doesn't
matter doesn't matter if you talk about
that and you say this is a horrendous
thing that counts as hate speech so the
fact that you're discussing it
demonetised
okay well that's weird then why isn't
you know the the nightly news on NBC and
ABC and CBS why aren't they demonetised
they spoke about that same thing and
they didn't even come up with
constructive solutions they just spoke
about it hey this is what happened so
what the [ __ ] is that about
I point out this is such a great example
of how [ __ ] up this system is I
covered a Human Rights Watch report that
said the u.s. killed civilians in Syria
okay - gave the number of civilians many
children were included in it so I
covered a Human Rights Watch report and
said hey this is what's actually
happening with your money in your name
this is what your government is doing
wouldn't it be great to stop this and
not kill civilians D monetize D monetize
so agreeing with a human rights group is
worthy of D monetization according to
YouTube's dumbass algorithm it is so
they don't distinguish they don't
differentiate between you know being a
neo-nazi and calling out neo-nazis and
saying hey that's bad and that's wrong
so it really is
an attempt to defund news and politics
and the broader picture here is TV used
to get all the ad money YouTube has
become so massively popular that YouTube
was starting to eclipse TV then look at
that news and politics on YouTube
defunded they leapfrog us and give money
to YouTube TV which is the same [ __ ]
old media outlets that you could have
watched on regular TV that are now on
YouTube and wow they ended up with the
money again it's almost like they're
trying to crush independent content
creators and it has nothing to do with
their political affiliation if their
right wing left wing or whatever so this
is simply an incorrect factually
inaccurate ad from the hill and it is
what is it erasing left-wing voices
you're gonna notice a theme here now
let's go to the next one so right wing
watch came out with what they're
considering like an investigative report
here it's beyond me why they call it
that but it says white supremacy figured
out how to become YouTube famous ok so
right off the bat you could say yeah
there are some people who are you know
maybe hardcore white nationalists who
have a voice now that they didn't have
previously but look that's the that's
what you're gonna get with a free and
open platform you're gonna get good
ideas that spread or you're gonna get
shitty ideas that spread you're gonna
get good news that spreads and you're
gonna get [ __ ] Alex Jones Infowars
garbage and it spreads that's just par
for the course that's not totally
inaccurate the point that ok maybe some
white supremacist or white nationalists
have blown up on YouTube of course that
happened but there are also a lot of
good voices to counter that that have
risen up as well there's no mention of
those voices but I'm not at the point
yet where I'm pissed off with this now
let's start reading the piece YouTube is
home to a seemingly endless variety of
videos that reach all kinds of viewers
and is creeping up on TV as the
most-watched video platform in the
United States but as John Herman
documented in The New York Times
Magazine last month political punditry
on YouTube is vastly dominated dominated
by right-wing talkers some of the site's
most notable right-wing political stars
include the always camera-ready men and
women at the info war studio frequently
shirtless 4chan Muse how I don't even
know how to say that I'm gonna
try and by the way never [ __ ] heard
of him an elaborate cosplay cartoon
character mr. de portent although these
figures differ vastly in format and tone
their messages are aligned exclusively
towards the hard uncompromising right
and have been increasingly influenced by
their even more extremist counterparts
on YouTube so they're saying the right
is quote dominating YouTube where's the
data for that notice they give no
numbers they give no facts they give no
information they just say it that the
rights dominating YouTube right
dominating you to everybody you
mentioned of every right-wing outlet you
mentioned and they mentioned the biggest
one there Infowars TYT alone beats them
all now you could you could agree or
disagree with you it doesn't matter but
they absolutely obliterate everybody
there I obliterate most of the people on
that list so too progressive channels
crush all the right-wingers you just
named but you're doing a piece about how
the right quote dominates YouTube
I think tu IT has something to say about
that I think I have something to say
about that I think Jimmy Dore has
something to say about that
I think humanists report has something
to say about that I think Tim Black has
something to say about that I think
David Pakman has something to say about
that that is complete and utter nonsense
but I haven't even gotten to the worst
one yet
okay so that stuff got me super pissed
off because hey I'm a I'm a left-wing
political commentator I do news in
politics we've been affected
horrendously by this ad crackdown the D
monetization ad pocalypse or race to us
act like we don't count and make
otherwise normal people go yeah I guess
it's not that big a deal cuz it's
apparently only right-wing voices who
are affected because that's what you
know that's what these articles say you
ready for the biggest erasure of them
all take a look at this Bernie backers
give dem incumbents a pass in 2018
what
the Sanders Clinton schism isn't
plaguing the party in Senate races so
far
instead it's Republicans still facing
intra-party heat there it is there it is
that is [ __ ] unbelievable justice
Democrats
we're running 16 candidates so far 16
Paula Swearengen who's running against
Joe Manchin had one of the biggest
reddit you know ask me anything ever
we're running 16 candidates were gaining
in popularity from the grassroots you
guys we've raised millions of dollars no
core for money no PAC money just from
you millions of dollars
we're aligned with our revolution people
for Bernie Democratic socialists fight
for 15 you go down the list of populist
left activists brand-new Congress
National Nurses United there is unity on
the populist left fighting for all of
the ideas that we know are the right
policies that the American people
already agree with Medicare for all free
college ending the wars new New Deal
money out of politics and the drug war
we're fighting for these things day in
day out you're fighting for these things
day in day out you're the reason that
Congress went from what 70 people
backing Medicare for all to a hundred
and eighteen you're the reason for that
you're the reason you're the reason now
Democratic senators are coming out for
Medicare for all and what are those I
there's no there's no Democratic Civil
War Bernie backers aren't primary
Hillary people not only are we doing it
I literally have no idea how we could
have done more
we've done everything from the day the
2016 election was over till today you
have done everything in your power to
fight back against neoliberal
corporatist centrists who are Republican
Lite who agree with the Republicans on
deregulation and tax cuts for the rich
and endless wars and so-called free
trade deals that outsource good American
manufacturing jobs you've done
everything in your power to fight back
against these people you are primary
knees people and you're doing it to try
to save the country and get the right
policies implemented and what the [ __ ]
does Politico say Bernie backers give
dem incumbents a pass in 2018 the
Sanders Clinton schism isn't plaguing
the party in Senate races so far instead
it's Republicans still facing
intra-party heat where primary enseña
ters we're primary and congressman there
are people who are running at the state
and local level there's a Bernie backed
candidate just won a mayor's race the
other day they're erasing you they are
erasing left-wing voices in the same way
the establishment just magically
magically erased myself david pakman TYT
Tim black humanist Report you go down
the list jimmy dore left-wing political
commentators on youtube in the same way
they just said you don't exist you don't
exist you weren't massively hurt by the
youtubes d monetization you don't exist
you don't count for whatever reason
here's my [ __ ] rationalizations you
don't mean anything even though your
numbers are even stronger than the ones
on the right the right is dominating
YouTube in the same way they [ __ ]
erased us from existence with their
shitty articles that's the same way they
just erased you and all the hard work
you've done to try to get this country
back on the right track we can't let
this stand I'm more motivated now than
I've ever been before
this reinvigorates me because I want to
make it so that they're denying us as we
are metaphorically digging their
political graves you want to keep them
up fine keep denying me keep denying us
when we're [ __ ] number one on YouTube
in news and politics keep T YT is number
one on for news and politics on YouTube
denied they don't exist though the right
dominates you to be dominated as we I
want justice Democrats I want us to win
every single race we're in so we can
[ __ ] rub it in their face and go say
it again
what happened what happened Oh Bernie
backers gave Hillary Clinton people a
pass by [ __ ] routing them and
defeating every single one of them and
fighting and winning on Medicare for all
and free college and a living wage what
happened oh we gave them a pass by
absolutely owning them and destroying
them and fixing [ __ ] America yeah we
gave him a pass that's what it is we're
giving dem incumbents a pass by primary
Ingush it out of them and scaring the
pants off of them but this is their
strategy don't cover them see no ever
evil hear no evil pretend they don't
exist and then maybe it'll go away you
done [ __ ] up cuz you pissed us off
more now you pissed us off more now guys
support left-wing causes groups
candidates you agree with cuz you're our
only hope is if we all get together and
we all fight for these things cuz the
establishment will never recognize you
will never recognize us will never give
us our due apparently are much larger
YouTube show than other right-wing
YouTube shows doesn't count for variety
reason I don't know he's not sexy enough
he doesn't call for [ __ ] ethnic
cleansing and purging the country of all
immigrants he just talks about health
care all day not sexy enough doesn't
count doesn't count
Louise Bernie Sanders supporters who are
fighting that they don't count they
don't count there
pushing for immensely popular policies
and they're trying to fix the Democratic
Party in fix the country they don't
count for a variety of reasons so make
them eat their own words and their own
shitty articles okay
make them do it justice Democrats calm
slash fight justice Democrats dot-com
slash fight if they're not gonna cover
us and they're not gonna get the word
out to people who would support us if
they knew we existed then we have to do
it just as Democrats dot-com slash fight
make your donation today let's make them
eat their words
let's win every [ __ ] race we're in so
we can come back and laugh about this
article Bernie backers give dem
incumbents a pass by beating all of them
wouldn't that be a great addition to
that title let's make it happen
