let me show you how shameless the
Republicans are Ryan eyes push for
entitlement reform in 2018 they just
finished saying they weren't gonna do
this they just finished saying that we
covered the story of Bernie calling out
the Senate Republicans you know and
Marco Rubio for example like no no
listen up we're not gonna do that and
the reason why we're not going to I mean
listen I have a mom and my mom wouldn't
let me come back home to Florida and go
in the house if I go after the Social
Security and the Medicare so no another
Republican was like Bernie there's no
secret plan here we don't have Medicare
and Social Security mentioned in this
budget bill so I don't know why you're
fear-mongering
I mean if we want it to do it we could
do it now we're going through Budget
Reconciliation which means you only need
fifty one votes to pass our tax plan so
if we wanted to cut Medicare and Social
Security why wouldn't we just do it now
these are the arguments that they made
but Bernie's response was listen you're
not that dumb you're terrible for the
American people but you're clever with
it you're sly with it in how your
[ __ ] people over so Bernie's argument
was you know you're gonna do you're
gonna pass this tax cut bill which adds
any anywhere from one trillion to one
point four trillion dollars to the
deficit so you're liars by the way about
oh-oh-oh so much we spend within our
means you gotta live within our means
and you're getting [ __ ] dumping all
this debt our grandchildren debt all the
debt oh and then when they think
nobody's looking anyway pass that bill
that adds a trillion to one point four
trillion to the debt what happened I
thought you were fiscal conservatives
fiscal Hawks and you have discipline no
you and you wanted to add even more to
it but then Bernie laid out as soon as
they passed that they're gonna turn
around in a little bit and go up the
[ __ ] deficit do you guys believe this
look at this
anyway we need to get this house in
order so we have to we don't have a
choice we have to cut Social Security
and Medicare and they won't phrase it
like that what they'll do is they'll say
we have to reform it
that's a reform we're not cutting it
we're reforming it we're saving it
that's another one that you say we're
saving it so what they want to do some
of their ideas are hey raise the
retirement age but raise it for people
who are 55 and under now so in other
words people some people are
grandfathered in to the way Social
Security works
but then we [ __ ] over everybody who's
below a certain age that's their trick
[ __ ] yeah chuckles everybody who's below
certain age or they're gonna try to like
semi-private eyes and remember Bush
tried and I think it was 2004 to
privatize social Social Security and
Medicare so they want to try something
similar to that there'll be a heavy onus
on or you know they'll focus on private
accounts to one extent or another
because what they want to do is take
that money and turn it over to their
friends on Wall Street who give them
campaign contributions and they want to
invest it in the marketplace well that's
just so that their Wall Street cronies
can get a cut of your money and also
let's face it how volatile of an idea is
that can you imagine putting this money
that supposed to be guaranteed into a
casino capitalist market place where
there's peaks and valleys and it goes up
and down and what it's not like we
haven't we had a [ __ ] Great
Depression we had a Great Recession
we're in a bubble right now and you want
to take everybody's you know retirement
money and just [ __ ] it gamble with it no
we don't want that but they're gonna do
that and they're gonna hide behind the
idea
no we're saving the program because it's
unsustainable right now but that's
nonsense that's they say it's
unsustainable but then you crunch the
numbers on it it turns out it's totally
solvent until like twenty thirty eight
and then even after twenty thirty eight
it pays out like eighty-five percent of
its benefits you know all you would need
to do to fix Social Security forever
it's just raised the cap on
the money that's taxable so right now
you're only taxed for Social Security on
your first I think it's a hundred and
fifteen thousand dollars so that means
that let's say there's a let's say
there's a dentist that makes one hundred
and fifteen thousand dollars he pays the
exact same amount in Social Security tax
as Mitt Romney who makes fifteen million
dollars a year the same amount exact
same amount of tax because it's only
your first like a hundred and fifteen
thousand dollars that you're taxed on
for Social Security if you just get rid
of that cap
well then Mitt Romney would pay way more
in Social Security tax it be the same
percentage but it would be way more
money because he has fifteen million not
one hundred and fifteen thousand so then
that's it
Social Security's taken care of but
they're not considering that at all
that's an idea of Bernie's push before
that's an idea that other actual
progressives have pushed before they're
not considering that at all
that's not at all they're saying no
let's raise the retirement age and let's
like semi privatize this thing Oh God so
but Paul Ryan is even more upfront about
it he had a moment of honesty on a radio
show this week here's what he said quote
we're gonna have to get back next year
we're gonna have to we're going to have
to get back next year at entitlement
reform which is how you tackle the debt
and the deficit health care entitlements
such as Medicare Medicaid are the
biggest drivers of the debt so we spend
more time on health care entitlements
because that's really where the problem
lies fiscally speaking I find it amazing
that people actually talk about the
mainstream media talked about Paul Ryan
like he's some sort of intellectual
she's not some sort of intellectual he
has the same answer to everything
Oh cut the programs that help regular
people because you know that's where the
problem lies
fiscally speaking and the media's like
huh oh he said fiscally speaking oh he's
so smart what an intellectual he's the
guy who never got out of his eyen rand
phase that's what he is in in like high
school or college year
many white boys go through a nine ran
phase where they come up with this
worldview this vision this philosophy
actually selfishness is a good thing
greed is a good thing but most people
you know get out of that phase not Paul
Ryan Paul Ryan still in that phase the
biggest problem is health care spent
what are we gonna do entitlements by the
way you know why they're called
entitlements because you're entitled to
it cuz you paid into the program and
then you're gonna get out of the program
which is why entitlements I'm in a good
word because it has the feeling of it's
like something you didn't earn no you
did earn it it's called entitlement
because you are entitled to it but
that's why the real terminology should
be earned benefit because it doesn't
even have the feeling of oh you're
getting something you didn't earn it's
an earned benefit program you paid into
it your whole life you're gonna get out
of it but what they're trying to do is
say no you paid into it but you're not
gonna get out of it you're gonna get out
of it a lot less than what you're
supposed to get out of it and then just
the notion that it's the big drivers of
the debt man I mean come on it's the big
drivers in the debt what are we gonna do
they never would ever say that about
areas where we actually waste money the
United States spends more on military
spending than the next nine biggest
spending countries combined and most of
those countries are our allies the
amount of money we spend on the military
we have the largest military ever
created in human history and Paul Ryan
he doesn't say we need to cut that in
fact he's in favor of raising that he
wants to spend even more on our empire
but when it comes to [ __ ] health care
for grandmas and grandpas and when it
comes to money so that you can survive
when you're in your old age we gotta cut
that's the biggest drivers of the debt
why haven't you said hey maybe we spend
a hundred billion dollars a year to
maintain nine hundred military bases
Paul Ryan why wouldn't you say at the
very least you know I think we could get
by with 450 military bases we don't need
900 I think we could say fifty billion
dollar
up front just like that why haven't you
said that why haven't you said you know
ExxonMobil
they get a four billion dollar corporate
welfare check every year it's a giant
subsidy from the taxpayers to exxon
mobil and we say oh we're giving it to
them for research and development they
need to do research and develop why do
they need money for research and
development they're one of those
profitable corporations in the world why
are you not saying hey we need to get
rid of the corporate welfare for exxon
mobil we give eighty billion dollars a
year to the big banks why are you not
saying Oh what are we doing here why are
we giving money the big banks I thought
you were a pure capitalist it turns out
you're in favor of socialism but only
when it's further rich and when it's for
the corporations so what you really are
is a corporatist that's what you are why
are you not trying to cut that I mean
the amount of money the Iraq war seven
trillion dollars it's gonna cost when
all is said and done seven trillion
dollars again he has nothing to say
nothing to say about the fact that we're
still in Iraq we're still in Afghanistan
were in Syria Pakistan Yemen Somalia
Libya and now there's one more what's
the other one Niger so there's eight
countries that we're in he's not saying
oh come on the military spending I mean
it might be the biggest driver of the
debt nope would never say it because the
money by the way there's discretionary
and non-discretionary spending so in
other words they have theirs
those are two separate categories for a
reason so Medicare and Social Security
is viewed as well that's kind of over
here in its own thing now why would they
do that well they do that because again
earned benefit programs you paid into it
you're getting out of it so that's money
that's coming right back to you now what
they want to do is they want to take
that money and slash left and right not
give you back your own money but the
money that doesn't come back to you they
want to keep paying that out when you do
massive Wall Street bailouts
that money's going into into literally
for bonuses to some CEOs bank account
even though he bankrupted the [ __ ]
company but they're bailing him out now
are you gonna see that money you're not
gonna see that money you do see the
money for Social Security or Medicare
you don't see it in that situation
do you see the money when it [ __ ]
blows up over some innocent families
house in Syria when we attack you don't
see that money guess what when you spend
money on bombs it goes kablooey and
blows up and then you don't get that
money back he wants to keep that money
that's fine spend that blank check for
that but social Social Security Medicare
that we gotta cut they just pushed a tax
bill that adds up to one point four
trillion to the deficit and they're
doing that by getting rid of the estate
tax which applies to the richest point
two percent of people by getting rid of
dividends taxes so they're slashing
taxes for rich people and corporations
they're raising taxes on the middle
class and the poor according to the CBO
Congressional Budget Office everybody
who makes $75,000 a year or less you're
gonna get your taxes raised over the
next decade so they're adding to the
deficit raising taxes on regular people
and they want to turn around and cut
your Social Security and Medicare it's
unreal these guys are [ __ ] pirates
man they're pirates they're waging a
class war they can you imagine being so
disgusting and brazen that you just
supported a bill that adds one point
four trillion dollars to the deficit and
now you turn around and go the [ __ ]
deficit why is the deficit so high I
guess we have to cut programs for
regular people you just pushed the tax
bill that cuts taxes for the rich
massively here's an idea you want to
address the deficit and the debt
stop cutting taxes for the rich stop
stop stop stop stop stop stop if you
just don't do that
the deficit in the debt would be much
better off but no there's well that's a
given we have to cut taxes for the rich
and corporations obviously [ __ ]
obviously but they'll avoid are we gonna
do we got to cut health care Social
Security and Medicare we got to cut that
preys in listen if you're somebody who
votes Republican or voted Republican
there's one thing I want you to know
that's not debatable this is it's not a
question it's not like wow what's your
opinion on said matter they're not
looking out for you if you're a regular
person if you're middle-class if you're
poor if you're upper-middle class [ __ ]
95 percent of the American people maybe
99 percent they marry people they don't
care about you they don't care about you
in any way that's what I want you to
know that's what I want you to know so
there are some people out there who
think for whatever reason they were
raised in a family that's Republican or
they don't follow the news closely or
whatever but there are some people out
there who think no the Republicans
really are the party of the little guy
they're the party of the average Joe and
they think that for a variety of reasons
and propaganda that's been pervasive for
a long time like for example many of
these people think oh the Republicans
want to cut my taxes they want to cut my
taxes so the Republicans want me to keep
more of my money the Democrats want to
take more of my money
therefore the Republicans are the party
is looking out for me there are people
who believe this guy's I just want to
let you know that well I want those
people are know I'm speaking directly to
those people you've been had you've been
took you've been played for a chump the
good news is you don't have to keep
falling for it because now you know the
information now you know that according
to the Congressional Budget Office when
you look at the tax bill it raises taxes
on people making $75,000 a year or less
by the way so there's all the tax cuts
for the middle class there's a sunset
provision on it and it runs out you know
where there's not a sunset provision
taxes for corporations in the rich
those are permanent yours hey we'll give
you a little boost up front but then we
raise your taxes you see what the
doing so I just want you to know they
don't care about you
they despise you they're not looking out
for you but now you know that so don't
don't get fooled by their nonsense and
let's be clear this isn't me saying the
Democrats are good they're not they're
not good to a large extent their
corporate sellouts as well but just know
the Republicans are even worse they're
even worse they're more grotesque and
they want to go further and screwing you
over and doing the bidding of their rich
donors so don't get fooled don't don't
get fooled by it now there's no excuse
I've given you all the information this
is what they want to do every program
that you rely on you know you need your
money let's face it you need your money
if you're in the middle class you got
bills to pay well just know the
Republicans want to cut every program
that helps you and also raise your taxes
so just keep that in mind the next time
you go vote
