Bernie Sanders went on Bill Maher show
and for the 38th time he clearly showed
the Democratic Party the path to victory
so you mentioned the Democrats lost last
time but your agenda one you may not
have won the nomination right but you
talked about an agenda they're all
behind that now let me Medicare for all
yep you know all the people who are
running for president we can't know who
they are and income inequality all those
issues right but an agenda is not a
message they are different
Trump is better at messaging they don't
his voters don't seem to care about an
agenda or anything except build a wall
lock her up what's the Democrats message
if you had to boil it down to something
that would fit on a hat which is about
all people can take in at this we're
what is the Democratic Messimer chronic
message is that we need a government
that represents working families not
billionaires an agenda an agenda that
says that health care is a right not a
privilege an agenda that speaks to the
young people and says that we should
make public colleges and universities
tuition-free and lowest even debt Trump
has shown that the American people they
elected him III understand he didn't win
the popular vote but he got a lot of
votes and so they and and his popularity
rating keeps going up not down yeah it's
it's almost in the range of like a
normal president which is really scary
because he certainly is not that so they
obviously don't care about so many
things they used to care about like
decorum or policy or democracy or
freedom of the press so in this new
arena and he's a he is brilliant at
controlling the debate and controlling
air time what does a Democrat have to do
to compete on this news is a news day
that's a fair point and the air time
issue is very difficult you know
people's are we're wired the Democrat
talking about issues well you know what
in many cases Democrats aw
but we're overwhelmed with Trump's
tweets and the absurdity of the day so I
think what Democrats have got to do
basically is go into Trump country and
talk to people who are now living in
desperation you know the truth of the
matter is one of the reasons in my view
that Trump won is that he sensed that
there were millions of people in this
country who were ignored by the
political establishment they ignored by
the elite they're working longer hours
for lower wages they're scared to death
about the future facing their children
and he said any light I hear you our job
is not to lie to have the guts to deal
with the serious issues that they face
and to take on the people who have power
in this country first his slogans are
actually really good and they're right
off the top of his head so Donald Trump
has make America great again and that
kind of caught on and became this huge
thing Bill Maher asks what's the
Democrats message so policy is something
separate but let's go with just
messaging what's your message well can
you put out there that people will
digest and it becomes like a make
America great again type thing and I'll
top this head Bernie goes represent
working families not billionaires that's
pretty good
you know that's um that reminds me of
the Labour Party in Jeremy Corbyn for
the many not the few that's basically
saying the same thing the heart of the
argument there is the same thing
represent working families not
billionaires and then he gives another
one
he says healthcare czar right not a
privilege that's really good too
you know these things are all designed
effective slogans and effective messages
are designed so that if you disagree
with it you look like an [ __ ]
that's the whole that's the that's what
the key point of an effective slogan is
so when Donald Trump says make America
great again if somebody on the Left
disagrees with that
you look like a dick because you know
they always have the ability to fall
back and just go to the plane face
reading of what it says like what do you
mean you don't wanna make the country
great now of course you can interpret
and you couldn't take a lot of things
away from exactly how they want to make
America great and there's plenty of
stuff to disagree with in that but at
face value when somebody says make
America great again what did Hillary say
in response she said America is already
great that's the dumbest response I've
ever heard in my life because you know
half of working people in this country
make $30,000 a year or less our
infrastructure gets a grade of D plus
we're bombing eight different countries
you know you go down the list and it's
like people are struggling now she
doesn't realize that and her DC and New
York bubble and her elitist bubble but
that's exactly it like that exposed how
out of touch he is when he says make
America great again
and you know she's like it's already
great people are like hey [ __ ] you no
it's not I don't feel like it's great
right now so I think Bernie's onto it
there with messaging Healthcare's are
writing on a privileged represent
working families not billionaires those
are both very powerful to the heart of
it and again if somebody on the right
disagrees with that and they will by the
way they will you know have plenty
eighty it's like huh
Health Care's are right not a privilege
yeah okay like like ben shapiro about a
year ago or so argued like you know oh
you weren't able to get health care
that's crazy i wasn't able to get
expensive furniture but you don't see me
complaining what so in an attempt to
disagree with these very you know
non-controversial statements like health
care czar right not a privilege they
exposed themselves for being clowns and
that's the point of a good message in a
good slogan
okay now the second part i wanted to
discuss was bill maher starts breaking
down what it's like in the age of trump
and he says hey man people don't care
about what they used to care about they
don't care about decorum anymore in the
age of trump they don't care about
freedom of the press they don't care
about policy so when he says they don't
care about decorum
I think that's true and I think decorum
has always been overstated and it's
funny because that's one of the that's
one of the go-to moves among
establishment Democrats is decorum
policing and manners policing like Oh
have you no decency sir some if somebody
says something crass or they curse it's
like oh my goodness we're all against
this ride let me shake my finger at you
now that was always a stupid move or
maybe it wasn't a stupid move in like
the 80s when decorum was that like a
peak but now from then on it was mostly
a stupid move because people are just
regular people and they talk like
regular people and when you decorum
police you come across a little elitist
and a little silly you know it's like
get it decorum policing is being over
concerned about trivial matters like the
language somebody uses so you're right
bill they don't care about decorum
anymore but I'd argue that's a good
thing because there's it's nothing but a
[ __ ] distraction take care about I
know I'm not gonna look at the substance
of what you said I'm gonna look at how
you said it like okay that's [ __ ]
stupid so they don't care about to
quorum you're right about that the idea
that they don't care about freedom of
the press man yes and no I think people
do favor freedom of the press but when
Trump attacks the press a lot of times
they like it because they also think the
mainstream media sucks largely because
they do suck just gets Trump shits on
the media doesn't mean that the media is
by definition good you can be against
Trump [ __ ] on the media and cracking
down on the press I am while at the same
time acknowledging the media blows I do
so that one's a little more complicated
but here's where Mars totally wrong
Martin this is something you see in his
commentary all the time he acts like
well the American people are stupid and
they don't care about policy and then
understand anything they're idiots
either way you know he does that kind of
rant all the time like lambasted regular
people like oh you're not you know what
the [ __ ] do you know type thing and
that's not true at all the if I think
the American people do care about policy
and Bernie agrees with me and in
thinking they do care about policy
because even though we're Marv is right
is that okay people usually don't know
like historical facts like if you Paul
the American people many of them don't
even
the vice-president is so yeah they're
ignorant in that sense but they're not
stupid
because when you pull them they kind of
know what's good for them
they kind of know like yeah we should
raise the minimum wage and make it a
living wage and tied to inflation we
should do pro-union legislations that we
have a strong middle class we should tax
the rich you know we should do free
college we should end the stupid Wars so
people aren't stupid they could be
ignorant historically they are at least
in the u.s. that's what the polls show
you don't know like Supreme Court
justices and [ __ ] like that or history
or whatever but that doesn't mean
they're stupid that doesn't mean they're
masochistic and they're like I am for
policies that suck no they're not
they're actually for a lot of the right
most of the right policies that's why
when you look the issue for issue the
American people are overwhelmingly
left-leaning so they do care about
policy but the thing is Bill
establishment Democrats have never given
the people the option of voting for
policy so then Bernie comes along he
gives them that option
shocker he's the most popular politician
in the United States look at that so
they're not stupid and it's not that
they don't care about policy is that the
Democrats never gave him the [ __ ]
option and then the one time somebody
does give us the option Bernie Sanders
he instantly becomes the most liked
politician in the country and then let's
guess the final part here which is
Bernie's core message mars-like how do
you in the age of Trump how do you make
it work because he sucks all the air out
of the room with his tweets and you know
he knows how to control the message and
get the nonstop media attention and all
that stuff and Bernie Sanders says very
simply you got to go to the red states
now this is the main difference between
a guy like Bernie Sanders and every
establishment Democrat in the country is
that establishment Democrats and you saw
this clearly with Hillary Clinton they
view people who are Republicans or who
are you know nominally against them they
view them as an enemy to be defeated so
it's no longer about hey I'm a
politician I have this political vision
this philosophy this ideology that I
think is gonna help you and improve your
life they lose that because they don't
really care about people they don't
they care about power and
self-aggrandizement and you know being
in charge so they lose that ability to
actually give a [ __ ] about people so
it's not like hey I'm trying to help you
I'm on your side so vote for me with
somebody like Hillary it's you're a
deplorable if you don't vote for me
so like shame shame on you as if shaming
people is gonna be an effective tactic
where they're like oh I can't wait to
vote for the person who shits on me on a
daily basis they're not gonna be in
favor of that
so Bernie's idea is I'm they're not my
enemy
even if somebody disagrees with me on
everything I still want that person to
have health care I still want that
person to have a good education I still
want that person to have a stable and
healthy income I still don't want to
send that person's kid to go die in a
stupid war so that's why Bernie Sanders
you know he's beloved by the base the
left wingers but then also in the
primary for example he won more
Democratic voters who described
themselves as conservative so in the
middle of the country in the red states
bernie destroyed hillary clinton and
you're probably thinking well i don't
understand how can that be how can you
have somebody who's more favored by the
base of the party but also by the
right-wing he's the person who gets more
independent voters moderate voters
crossover republican voters how can it
be he's more popular among the base and
among the right-wingers the answer is
very simple
he's authentic and he actually gives a
[ __ ] about you and even if you might
disagree on the details
most people's reaction is minor details
he means well that that's what counts
he's authentic he's genuine he's honest
he means well he wants to help me and my
family so I'm in favor
whereas Hillary you know and all the
establishment Democrats people get this
smug you know elitist vibe from them
where they don't look at other people as
like somebody they want in their coal
listen through helping them with policy
they look at them like how dare you not
vote for me you know how how dare you be
a deplorable how dare you not
immediately understand that I'm trying
to help you and the reality is with
these Towson Democrats and I even try to
help you they're in favor of standard
neoliberal corporatist war mongering
policies so listen if you actually
believe in your message and Bernie
Sanders does of course you'd have a
50-state strategy the idea that it's
even a question
and by the way establishment Democrats
are not in favor of a 50 straight state
strategy because they want to give up on
everybody who doesn't already agree with
them which is a recipe for continuing to
lose by the way but if you actually
believe in your message well then of
course you take it everywhere because
you'd say hey listen even if I can't
even if I can't end up winning certain
states I'm gonna get a hell of a lot
more support there than you think
because I believe in my message and I'm
gonna spread it from the rooftops from
the mountaintops it doesn't matter I'm
gonna I think I can convince you that my
ideas are better my policies are better
so I'm gonna do that that's why I'm
gonna go to Mississippi I'm gonna go to
Louisiana I'm gonna go to all these
places that the elitist Democrats put
their middle finger up to those people
so and he's right I think that the thing
about Trump one of the reasons why Trump
won is because he had this
anti-establishment vibe and people
thought hey we'll roll the dice maybe
he'll break [ __ ] and they'll actually
help the people
well now the jury's in on that he hasn't
he just hasn't his tax bills a massive
evil way to the rich he packed his
administration with Goldman Sachs he
started even more Wars he took we're
bomb in seven countries he took it to
eight and the list goes on and on how
he's fighting for the elites and how he
is the ultimate establishment president
now well Bernie Sanders is gonna come
along and all that stuff that voters
thought was cute before about Trump like
hey look at how on him she is any tweets
now is just gonna look childish but you
know when confronted by somebody who
actually does care about the policy and
is actually not faking it like Bernie
so it's his election to lose and every
time he opens his mouth and lets me know
what his strategy is and Woody
on doing I believe that more and more
