so I'm about to show you a video clip of
Noam Chomsky and he's basically debating
some professors the professors seem to
be taking the position of moral
relativism and also post-modernism
so before I show you the video I just
want to give you some loose definitions
for that we go to the always trusty
Wikipedia I'm being pretty
tongue-in-cheek with that it's not
always trusty but sometimes it's it's
decent and I think this is one of those
instances so for moral relativism they
say moral relativism may be any of
several philosophical positions
concerned with the differences in moral
judgments across different people and
cultures descriptive moral relativism
holds that some people do in fact
disagree about what is moral meta
ethical moral relativism holds that in
such disagreements nobody is objectively
right or wrong and normative moral
relativism holds that because nobody is
right or wrong we ought to tolerate the
behavior of others even when we disagree
about the morality of it okay so let me
just break this down a little bit for
you
descriptive moral relativism is
something that is just a fact so in
other words descriptive moral relativism
means that there is a difference between
how people in liberal Hawaii and Saudi
Arabia view morality so the the feelings
of people generally speaking in Hawaii
versus Saudi Arabia they don't agree
much on what is moral what constitutes a
moral Society what the right way to act
in the world is I mean there's some
crossover of course as there is in any
human populations but there are a
variety of disagreements on women's
rights for example on gay rights and you
can go down the list so descriptive
moral relativism is really not
Hershel or even really open to debate
and Chomsky references that at one point
he says there's one version of moral
relativism which is totally
uncontroversial and it's descriptive
because that just describes the fact
that there are different cultures that
have different moral values so that
one's easy then you get to one that's a
little bit more graduated so meta
ethical moral relativism holds that in
such disagreements
nobody is objectively right or wrong
okay so that's a little different so
they're they're saying okay you can have
opinions and preferences as to which
kind of a society is better you could
say hey it's my personal feeling that
living in Hawaii is preferable to living
in Saudi Arabia but Metta ethical moral
relativism holds that you're admitting
that that view is subjective and there's
nothing objective about it so in other
words there's nothing factual from a
moral perspective about saying that
Hawaii or Denmark is more moral than
Saudi Arabia and then you get to
normative moral relativism which is the
most extreme version and here they say
normative moral relativism holds it
because nobody is right or wrong we
ought to tolerate the behavior of others
even when we disagree about the morality
of it so that one's the the most
controversial because that's basically
saying who are you to judge bro I mean
so what Isis may throw gay people off
roofs but they're just live in a
different way you can't say that not
throwing gays off roofs is superior to
throw in gays off roofs it's just a
different culture bro so normative moral
relativism is something that's you know
easy to mock and parody because it's a
very extreme version of moral relativism
where you basically are rendering all
judgments in incorrect you can make no
judgments about morality because you
have no grounds to do so now they go on
to say here in the Wikipedia page not
all descriptive
adopt a meta ethical relativism so the
first kind of relativists we spoke about
which we all are descriptive moral
relativist because that's a fact to be a
descriptive moral relativist they say
not all descriptive relativists adopt
meta ethical relativism and moreover not
all meta ethical relativists adopt
normative relativism so there's
different degrees here that's basically
what they're saying so the next thing
that they're gonna they bring it up they
touch on it in the videos you're about
to see the Chomsky videos you're about
to see but this also is definitely at
the heart of the conversation and the
debate that they're gonna have
post-modernism so many of you probably
know what post-modernism is but for
those of you who don't post modernism
describes a broad movement that
developed in the mid to late 20th
century across philosophy the arts
architecture and criticism and that
marked a departure from modernism the
term has long the term has also more
generally been applied to the historical
era that followed modernity and the
tendencies of this era while
encompassing a disparate variety of
approaches post-modernism is typically
defined by an attitude of skepticism
irony or rejection toward the meta
narratives and ideologies of modernism
if it doesn't make much sense yet hold
on because it's about to make sense for
you and often calls into question
various assumptions of enlightenment
rationality common objects of postmodern
critique include Universalist notions of
objective more of objective reality
morality truth
human nature reason language and social
progress post modern thinkers frequently
call to attention but frequently call
hold on I lost my place post modern
thinkers frequently call attention to
the contextual or socially conditioned
nature of knowledge claims and value
systems situating them as products of
particular political historical or
cultural discourses and hierarchies
accordingly post
modern thought is broadly characterized
by tendencies to self referentiality
epistemological and moral relativism
pluralism subjectivism and irreverence
okay so basically the heart of what you
need to know about post-modernism is
this snippet right here common objects
of postmodern critiques include
Universalist notions of objective
reality morality truth
human nature reason language and social
progress that's the heart of it so
they're not fans of you know a universal
notion of morality they don't think
there's an objective morality they don't
think there's an objective reality they
don't think there's an objective truth
or human nature they want you to be
skeptical of the Enlightenment you want
you to be skeptical of social progress
and post modern thinkers oftentimes they
they think much of what's around us is a
social construction so in other words
human nature doesn't play as big of a
role in creating societies a lot of it
is basically arbitrary they would say
and chosen and molded over time this is
the gist of the post modernist movement
so now that we have a basic
understanding of what moral relativism
is and post-modernism is let's watch
Noam Chomsky debate moral relativism and
post-modernism and then we'll come back
and I'll give you my take and I'll also
give you my history of what I thought of
these issues and then what I currently
think of these issues forty years ago
you had the telly televised debate on
the Dutch TV with Michel Foucault
probably the most influential
contemporary French intellectual you
said that you had never met anybody so a
moral and indeed is widely viewed as the
main defender of us
modernism and mobile relativism but what
is wrong with that don't you see that
ethical norms vary widely across space
and time sleeping subjugation of women
repression of homosexuals have been
accepted in many cultures and still are
here it is a scandal to make caricatures
of the Holocaust but it is considered
admirable to make caricatures of the
Prophet in Han it's the other way around
the terrorists of the Israelis are the
freedom fighters of the Palestinians
Muslims think that their religion is
truly universal and Christian things
likewise but for their religion while
secular easting secularism is the only
solution isn't truth itself including
scientific truth always the effect of
regimes of truth as Foucault call them
that are inextricably linked to power
isn't there something both parochial and
imperialist in asserting one's own value
system as being good truly Universal and
good if there are truly objective and
universal moral norms how do you
discover and justify them moral
relativism it's a it's a little
difficult to discuss it's a little bit
like discussing skepticism there there
are no skeptics you can discuss it in a
philosophy seminar but no human being
can in fact be a skeptic they wouldn't
survive for two minutes if they were so
they're not and I think pretty much the
same is true of moral relativism there
are no moral relativists there are
people who profess it you can discuss it
abstractly but it it doesn't exist in
ordinary life and to sharpen the
discussion a little should recognize
that the concept moral relativism ranges
over quite a broad spectrum so there's a
form of moral relativism which is
totally uncontroversial of course it's
true there are as quote this there are
ethical norms that vary widely over
space and time and that's a stat
observation of fact nobody denies that
a similarly every other aspect of humans
varies quite widely so for example human
visual systems that can vary quite
widely in the way they function
depending on early experience that it's
been shown by experiment enough with
humans but with other animals with
essentially the same visual system that
you can change you can change them
radically just by early experience every
biological system and I assume we're
biological organism so our moral values
and ethical systems are also biological
systems every one of them can vary quite
widely depending on experience that's
not controversial so for example the
human visual system can be varied
experimentally so that it will have
distant different distributions of
receptors that respond to horizontal and
vertical lines and that will give a very
different perception you can show it
with cats and monkeys we have the same
visual system on the other hand you
can't turn a human visual system into a
an insect visual system as you change
experience and this is quite general
across the biological domain including
moral systems there are there's a range
of options that's possible there's
variation within that range but there
are also limits to the range and in fact
this takes us to the there's a tendency
to move from the uncontroversial concept
of moral relativism to a concept that is
in fact incoherent and that's to say
that moral values can range indefinitely
that belief which is held is literally
incoherent it's based on the assumption
that moral values reflect culture but
then that raises the next question how
does a person acquire how does a person
acquire it's that his or her culture I
mean you don't get it by taking a pill
you'd get your culture you acquire your
culture by observing rather limited a
number of behaviors and actions and from
those constructing somehow in your mind
the set of attitudes and beliefs that
constitute your culture but that act is
very much like learning a language or
like developing a visual system or in
fact like finding a scientific theory
it's a matter of making a great leap
from scattered data to some outcome and
that leap is made essentially the same
way by all individuals given relatively
fixed experience and it's only possible
if you have extensive built in innate
structure just as you can develop a
human rather than an insect visual
system only if it's guided by genetic
instructions very specific ones the same
is true of acquisition of language of
acquisition of arithmetic or capacity
acquisition of a culture hence
acquisition of moral values but that
means that the most extreme form of
moral relativism is actually committed
to the belief in universal values namely
those that set the frame in which this
tremendous leap from data scattered data
to a complex relatively fixed system can
take place that's why the extreme
version of moral relativism which is
common and I think Foucault professed it
is simply incoherent if you adopt that
position you are committed to
far-reaching universal values and their
existence those that just as if you are
studying the visual system and you
discover that it can vary over a wide
range you're nevertheless in fact by
that very fact that committed to the
belief that there are fixed innate
genetically determined constraints that
set the framework in which it can too
and that sort of guide the development
of the structure even though allowing a
certain degree of variation and in fact
I think that the I won't talk about
post-modernism that's beyond my capacity
to discuss but just keep the
post-modernism which at least has the
merit of being incoherent I'm not sure
that post-modernism even reaches that
far but it reminds me of a famous
comment of a physicist Wolfgang Pauli
who was apparently pretty acid person
and used to say sometimes when someone
proposed something that's not even false
you didn't get that far but the take
these examples a slavery subjugation of
women repression of homosexuals and
let's forget about a variety of cultures
just think about our own in our own
culture not that far back these were all
perfectly accepted dorms so it takes a
repression of homosexuals that one of
the greatest mathematicians of the 20th
century Alan Turing who also was a war
hero in Britain he's one of the people
who really saved Britain from the German
assault he was instrumental in
developing the techniques that did
decoded the German signal so the British
were able to determine where the Bombers
have been a hit and so on and so forth
he was a killed by the British
government by a forced treatment to cure
his disease of homosexuality well it
wasn't that long ago I mean that was
when I was a graduate student you know
doesn't seem very long ago to me that's
inconceivable now totally inconceivable
moral values have advanced I would say
that what it means is that we have
penetrated more deeply into our own
actual moral values and seen as the
moral sphere
extends that some things that were
considered completely normal and
admirable are so atrocious you can't
even think about them and the same is
true of slavery subjugation of women is
very recently overcome one way to go yet
but changed dramatically in the last
3040 years as I mentioned beginning just
with consciousness-raising groups that
brought women to recognize that what
they took to be normal and necessary and
even unacceptable is in fact completely
that should be totally rejected
ok that's same thing widening of the
morals you're the same mister of slavery
a little bit earlier they're still our
slaves estimated thirty million or so in
the world but it's regarded as
reprehensible and totally unacceptable
and in fact if you look at the history
of overcoming of slavery in the West it
was substantially moral arguments
incidentally it's not that the slave
owners had no arguments they did and
it's worth attending to those arguments
in fact some of them really have never
been answered and the fact that they're
not answered gives us some insight it's
always in fact in general contrary to
the views of the extreme moral relevance
relativists moral disagreements can be
debated you don't just have to scream at
each other you can look at the arguments
try to find some common ground that work
from the common ground and try to reach
a conclusion that's the moral
interchange and it's often successful so
thanks
slavery one of the arguments during the
American Civil War of the slave owners
which is a serious argument is that they
argued that they are more moral than
northern industrialists and for a very
simple reason they own their workers and
therefore they take care of them that
just as if you own a car you'll take
care of it northern industrialists rent
their workers
and they don't take care of them they
have no responsibility for them just as
if you rent a car you probably won't
take care of it so therefore slavery is
more moral than than a capitalist
industrial policy actually I think
there's some merit to that argument but
instead of concluding from it that save
slavery is legitimate that we should
conclude what working people in the
north in the century and a half ago we
should draw their conclusion was a very
common belief among working people in
the United States that wage labor is
fundamentally no different from slavery
the only difference is its temporary in
fact that was such a popular view that
it was a slogan of the Republican Party
it was Abraham Lincoln's view you could
read it in the New York Times it's taken
a long time to drive that understanding
out of people's heads and I don't think
it's driven very far
I think it's right below the surface and
it continually comes out instantly just
to comment on this idea about regimes of
truth I suspect we're going to agree
about this but I mean I think Fugo Fuko
wildly exaggerated again there's a kind
of a truism which is not controversial
that power systems have some effect on
the way the scientific work proceeds and
can be accepted and so on sometimes it's
at the extreme it's a Stalinist biology
ok that had an effect
there's corporate influences on how drug
trials are conducted that's true there
are professional restric
constraints actually I've lived through
them in my entire life when I started my
own professional work I couldn't publish
because it was too inconsistent with
accept that ideas in fact the first book
I wrote in 1955 it didn't come out for
20 years and it came out then it was
submitted that rejected it came in out
later just
as kind of like for historical interest
but then filled and developed it grown
so sure that happens but its marginal
and there are self-correcting procedures
in the sciences which work pretty well
not perfectly but pretty well so there
is an element of you know power
relations that enter into say scientific
work but to talk about regimes of power
it seems to me
radically overstating the case the real
question is whether you can regard these
differences within a framework of
progress in the sense that some cultures
are features of culture are better than
others I mean the real question of
cultural relativism is is one whether
you think progress implies as you said
an underlined an underlying innate sense
for instance a sense of justice or
whether these cultural choices are
wholly arbitrary with none being better
than it but I mean that's the real issue
it was cultural relativism but whatever
you believe about that there is a fixed
basis there must be a fixed basis
otherwise you can't acquire our culture
in the first place and that fixed basis
has to be determinative narrowly
determinative now that fixed basis gives
our our actual human called moral values
now if you take a look if you raise the
question about progress you know I think
