Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz had a debate
last night where they spoke about the
Donald Trump slash Republican tax plan
that they're now in the process of
crafting the details and attempting to
pass and Bernie answered a question from
a trump supporter in the audience and
this is a special clip in my opinion
because Bernie breaks it down in his
answer and then it appears like he
breaks this poor man's brain senator
Sanders
over my lifetime all we've seen is more
government and more expenses cutting
taxes from top to bottom or bottom to
top however you view it then we'll give
some relief to the burdensome expenses
all Americans face why would you not
want a tax cut across the board for all
Americans well I do want a tax cut for
the middle class and working families
but when the top one-tenth of 1% now
owns as much wealth as the bottom 90%
when you have a handful of people with
incredible wealth and power no I'm
afraid that I will not support tax
breaks the billionaire's know I don't
know if you were there when President
trouble you there when President Trump
came to Pennsylvania I was yeah
and President Trump was touting as I
understand that the repeal of the estate
tax something that senator Cruz supports
that's why he was there correct let's
talk about the repeal of the estate tax
the only people who benefit from that
are the top two-tenths of one percent
ninety nine point eight percent of the
people who would not pay a nickel in
estate taxes senator Cruz will tell you
about all the farmers and the ranches
well Ted there are 80 of them in the
United States the overwhelming majority
of beneficiaries of this estate tax the
Trump was supporting our people like the
walton family do you really believe that
the wealthiest family in America should
get a tax break of up to fifty billion
dollars that the Koch brothers should
get a tax break of up to thirty billion
do you think that makes sense I did say
all Americans
well do you think that the wealthy
should not get tax breaks I did say all
Americans okay well I happen not to
believe that the Koch brothers need a
tax break oh that was embarrassing I was
hard to watch and Bernie's face at the
end says it all because he built he made
this ironclad argument basically you
know painting a picture and an accurate
one at that that lets this guy know
listen if you don't agree with me on the
next point you will expose yourself as
the world's biggest rube you will be
chump number one in front of the eyes of
the nation millions of people watching
this right now and then he explains okay
so what the Republicans do is they use
this idea and they'll they'll say it but
they're lying tax cuts for the middle
class and the poor they'll say that but
then when you look at the details of
their play and they're really talking
about cutting taxes for the rich and
then he says what do you want like the
walton family to get what do you say
like another fifty billion dollars and
by the way some of the taxes that we're
talking about cutting here and in one
case eliminating the estate tax yes it
would give the richest people in the
country billions more dollars billions
more dollars so we're talking about
people who are already so rich they have
no clue what to do with all their money
they're so rich that the amount of
wealth that they have literally
threatens the stability of governments
that's how [ __ ] rich they are when
you're a multi billionaire you have the
ability to purchase elections that's
what this is we live in at oleg Archy so
he says you know these people already
billionaires you are gonna support tax
cut to give them billions of dollars you
think that they deserve billions more
dollars and then by the way another
point Bernie didn't bring this up at
this point of the debate but he brought
it up at a different point in the debate
and even one of the questioners brought
it up they said hold on ted cruz i
thought that you were one you know
you're big on hard work pull yourself up
by your bootstraps
so then why on earth are you not for the
estate tax because this just creates
more paris hilton's this just makes it
so that if grandpapa did all the work he
can pass on bill
of untaxed dollars to the spoiled brat
kid who's never done anything so then
every argument you've ever made against
welfare for example shut the [ __ ] up
because you're undermining that argument
you say aw come on we can't give these
poor people enough money to get food for
their kids and to pay the light bill
gross are you kidding me we can't give
people an extra couple hundred dollars a
month that makes them lazy but somehow
giving spoiled brat kids multi-billions
of dollars doesn't make them lazy and
you're in favor of that it's almost like
Ted Cruz is doing the bidding of his
donors it's almost like it's more about
being a puppet to corporations so Bernie
goes down the list and he says is that
what you want you want to give billions
of dollars more to people who are
already billionaires I did I did say all
Americans and then Bernie paused and you
saw his face like [ __ ] he's like really
so you think people who are billionaires
you want to give them more billions of
dollars I did I did say cut taxes for
all Americans you know what Sam he could
have said anything there Bernie could
have said anything
he said let's he get a state of the
actual fact not just for the US but for
the world I think most of these people
live in the u.s. though the richest
eight people I think it is or six people
I forget if it's six or eight they have
more wealth than the bottom 50% of the
world combined
so like eight people more than like 3.5
billion people combined so Bernie could
have said oh you want to give everybody
a tax cut you want to give the people
who have more than half the world
combined more money do they need that
that's what they need they need more
money when [ __ ] Flint Michigan
doesn't even have clean water our
infrastructure gets a grade of D we got
45,000 people dying every year because
they don't have access to basic health
care you want to give them more money
billions dollars more money
he what he was said he would have said
the same thing because he broke his
brain
it's his brain is just like malfunction
cannot think Bernie making logical
points cannot rebut just restate thesis
I did I did say cut tax for everybody
Bernie could have said if if one person
had all the money in the world and
everybody else had nothing you really
want to cut taxes for that one person
who has all the money in the world
they'd say I did say all people that is
what I said god damn it
stupid liberals can't even understand
that when somebody's got all the money
in the world they deserve more of all
the money in the world and everybody
else else can kick rocks kick rocks the
thing is anything instead of saying or
phrase anyway that's just disheartening
because that's a guy who's just drunk on
fox news where it doesn't matter what
logical point you make he's made he's
his mind he's made up his mind as me it
doesn't matter what you say that's it
doesn't matter what you say that's one
of the guys who doesn't matter if a
republican was running on a platform of
I will rape your grandmother he'd say
goddamn liberals don't even understand
that raping a grand mom can be a noble
thing
god damn liberals so there are people
who are too far gone that guy's one of
them just so everybody knows and I also
love the because it's it means nothing
when they say this [ __ ] like when he
started off as his question he's like
senator Sanders we've had more
government and more regulations more
taxes what does that mean we've we've
had more government and more regulation
and more taxes okay so which taxes are
you referring to go ahead go ahead buddy
you tell what taxes are you refer we've
had more taxes was that mean we've had
what got what regulations are you
talking about
we've had more government what does that
mean what does that mean please tell me
what specific things are you referring
to cuz they just say [ __ ] they just say
[ __ ] in their own bubble it's like I
think this does this make sense doesn't
even matter if it make sense I'm just
gonna say and you saw Bernie's face then
- he's like [ __ ] is this talking about
like I feel bad for the guy because he
has no idea that Bernie's policies would
help him a lot more but then the other
part he doesn't feel bad for the guy
because there are people who once you
explain it to them and they they sit
down they'll go man that does kind of
make sense like when Bernie was in the
room with all the Trump voters in West
Virginia he argued for Medicare for all
and free College in a living wage and a
room full of Trump voters in West
Virginia gave him a standing ovation so
those people are examples of Republicans
who are not beyond help these those are
people who voted for Trump because they
thought he'd be more anti-establishment
than Hillary Clinton and he thought they
thought Trump would fight the trade
deals to keep their jobs in the US
that's why those people voted for Trump
this is a guy who voted for drums just
because Trump's the Republican and I
vote for the Republicans no matter what
under any circumstance I don't even care
about the details of the facts that's it
I'm just gonna vote for Republicans
because that's what I do I just vote for
Republicans
so you know Bernie you tried man you
tried and also again and this was a
theme throughout the debate I
unfortunately don't think Bernie stress
this point enough because he needs to in
order to really make the Democrats case
ironclad but every time Bernie said
actually yeah I'm totally fine with
cutting middle-class taxes and taxes for
poor people Ted Cruz would then strawman
Bernie and say no you want to raise
taxes for everybody and Bernie would say
no you know I want to cut taxes for
middle-class people and poor people but
he didn't stress that point enough and I
feel like that's what one of the only
arguments that Republicans have to
pretend and they are pretending because
they don't actually do it like they're
the the party of the little guy the
average Joe I've experienced that myself
firsthand or I talk to people who vote
Republican and they genuinely believe
that Republicans are the part of your
working people and I'm like
flabbergasted like what on earth makes
you say that and that's the only point
they have they say well you know
Republicans want me to keep more of my
money Democrats don't probably's want to
raise my taxes
Republicans want to lower my taxes
Democrats want to raise my taxes now
again that is factually not true not
true at all when you look at the tax
proposals from Democrats and Republicans
going back decades now it is 100% of the
time the case that the Democrat would
cut taxes more for the bottom 90% of
Americans and then depending on which
Democrat you talk about some of them
would raise taxes for the top 10% some
of them raise taxes for the top 5% some
of them raise taxes for the top 1% okay
but for 90% of the American people under
every Democratic proposal your taxes get
cut more and inevitably and invariably
everybody who says the Democrats want to
raise my taxes are people who are part
of that bottom 90% who would benefit
from Democrats tax plans and the
Republicans all they've done is
marketing 101 that's it so they've
marketed themselves as we are the party
of tax cuts we are the party of tax cuts
we're the party of tax cuts and Ted Cruz
said multiple times in that debate hey I
want to cut your taxes I want to cut the
middle class taxes and Bernie did an ok
job but he didn't really hammer the
point home enough that what Ted is
saying is not accurate based on the plan
so he's saying to you you I am using
words coming out of my mouth to tell you
that I'm in favor of middle-class tax
cuts but when you actually go to what is
written on paper and what they want to
become law that is not true in fact they
net raise taxes on middle-class and poor
people one of the ways they do that is
they lessen the number of brackets from
like seven brackets I think to three so
the bottom bracket goes from like 10% to
12% that's an increase of 2% for the
bottom [ __ ] bracket that's raising
taxes on the middle class on the poor
and they get rid of the salt deduction
for example which makes it so that you
can deduct your state and local taxes in
certain states they say no we're gonna
get rid of that which is a net tax
increase on about 30% of the middle
class so you know Bernie they good job
but oftentimes what happens is and look
he's guilty this I'm guilty of this too
sometimes because it's a hard thing when
Ted Cruz is spewing you know countless
[ __ ] every
minute like every minute there's like
eight lies and what he's saying it's
hard to keep up with all of it but he
didn't do as good of a job rebutting the
specific points of Ted Cruz he just when
they went to Bernie oftentimes in the
debate he would go to almost like his
stump speech on the problem okay here's
the 1% has the money and all that stuff
which is all true but you know I would
like it if there was a direct rebuttal
of all Ted Cruz's points because Ted
Cruz kept stressing I want to cut
middle-class taxes even though that's
not true the plan does not cut
middle-class taxes and he kept straw
Manning burning and saying you want to
raise people's taxes and every now and
then Bernie would say no I want to cut
taxes for middle-class and poor people
but it wasn't enough to really get it
through the minds of a lot of people and
I mean I think the main point is they're
presenting such different pictures of
reality it's just it just becomes a
matter of who you trust more if
somebody's already inclined to trust Ted
Cruz more than Bernie Sanders and
there's no way that they're gonna leave
that debate thinking Bernie Sanders won
because they already think Ted Cruz's a
straight shooter even though he's not
Bernie Sanders when you actually [ __ ]
fact check of course Bernie's telling
the truth about everything and Ted Cruz
is making [ __ ] up but a lot of people go
into it with their confirmation bias so
they'll leave going yeah Ted Cruz won so
that was an interesting clip nonetheless
you have Bernie Sanders really breaking
that guy's brain because he makes a good
point the guy that doesn't know how to
compute it he's like oh yeah I'll say I
said cut everybody's taxes but he's like
really you want to get fifty billion
dollars more to the Walton family when
six of them have more money than the
bottom 50% of Americans combined think
about that
six people have more wealth than half of
Americans combined do you want to give
them billions of dollars more he's I got
yet could cut taxes he thinks in bumper
stickers Bernie broke that guy's brain
