Jordan Peterson and Michael Eric Dyson
debated the issue of political
correctness and it got pretty heated and
pretty interesting let's watch and then
I want to give you guys my take so I
want to come to you on those great
Michelle on Jordan's point about how
does he in a sense get an equal voice in
this debate back if it is implied that
his participation brings with it this
baggage of white privilege that doesn't
allow him to see clearly the issues that
are before us but that is to be
complicit in the very problem itself
terminologically your beginning at a
point there's already productive and
controversial you saying how can he get
here's the quality bag who are you
talking about Jordan Peterson trending
number one on Twitter
Jordan Peterson internationals in an
international bestseller I want him to
tweet something out about me in my book
Jordan Peterson right this is what I'm
saying to you why the rage bruh
you're doing well but you're a mean man
right man and you're gonna get us right
and I have never seen so much lying and
snowflake King there's enough whining
here to start a vineyard and what I'm
saying to you
empirically and precisely when you ask
the question about white privilege the
fact that you ask it in the way you did
dismissive pseudo-scientific
non-empirical and without justification
a the truth is that white privilege
doesn't act according to quantifiable
segments it's about the degree to which
we are willing as a society to grapple
with the ideals of freedom justice and
equality upon which is base number two
was interesting to me you're talking
about not having a collective identity
what do you call a nation are you
Canadian are you Canadian by yourself
are you an individual are you part of a
group when America formed its union it
did so in opposition to another group so
the reality is is that those who are
part of group identities and politics
denied the legitimacy and validity of
those groups
and the fact that they have been created
thusly and then have resentment against
others all I'm asking for is the
opportunity that this the the quotation
you talk about the difference between a
couple quality of outcome and equality
of opportunity that's a state and
retried argument hackneyed phrase
derived from the halcyon days of the
debate over affirmative action are you
looking for outcomes that can be
determined equally or are you looking
for opportunity if you free a person
after a whole long time of oppression
and say now you are free to survive if
you have no skills if you have no
quantifiable means of existence what you
have done is liberated them into
oppression and all I'm suggesting to you
Lyndon Baines Johnson one of our great
president said if you start a man in a
race a hundred years behind it is
awfully difficult to catch up so I don't
think Jordan Peterson is suffering from
anything except an exaggerated sense of
entitlement and resentment and his own
privilege is invisible to him and it's
manifest with lethal intensity and
ferocity right here on stage
responded
well what I derived from that series of
rebuttals let's say is twofold
the first is that saying that the
radical left goes too far when they
engage in violence is not a sufficient
response by any stretch of the
imagination because there are sets of
ideas in radical leftist thinking that
led to the catastrophes of the 20th
century and that was at the level of
idea not at the level of violent action
it's a very straightforward thing to say
you're against violence it's like being
against poverty it's like you know
general generic Lee speaking decent
people are against poverty and violence
doesn't address the issue in the least
and with regards to my privilege or lack
thereof I mean I'm not making the case
that I haven't had advantages in my life
and disadvantages in my life like most
people you don't know anything about my
background or where I came from it it
doesn't matter to you because
fundamentally I'm a mean white man
that's a hell of a thing to say in a
debate
very very breeze I want to move on to
men and women the mean man white comment
was not predicated upon my historical
excavation of your past its based upon
the evident vitriol with which you speak
and the denial of a sense of equanimity
among combatants in an argument
so I'm saying again you're a mean man
white man and the viciousness is
evidence okay
who is that well I think I'm I'm going
to point out two things again the first
is that my question about when the red
when the left goes too far still hasn't
been answered and then the second thing
I'm going to point out is that you know
it's conceivable that I am a mean man
you know I mean maybe I'm meaner than
some people and not as mean as others I
think that's probably more the case but
I would say the fact that race got
dragged into that particular comment is
a better exemplar of what the hell I
think is wrong with the politically
correct left and anything else that
could have possibly happened ok so just
so everybody knows this is just one
little snippet in a much much much
longer debate and this is one that this
is an exchange that people seem to be
talking about quite a lot more so I
wanted to play it on this show and then
give you my take on it but go check out
the rest of the debate for the full
context and you could see you know who
you agree with more in the overall
debate Jordan Peterson Michael Eric
Dyson or the others on the stage there
Stephen Fry is one I don't remember who
the other one is on the and and the
debate setup is a little funky because
it's like they're debating political
correctness the idea of political
correctness and I guess the side that
Michael Eric Dyson is supposed to take
that the the left is supposed to take is
that political correctness is good and
the side that Jordan Peterson and
Stephen Fry on is the idea that
political correctness is bad so I you
know I think that that's a little bit of
a silly debate to have in the first
place because in my you know in my
experience almost everybody agrees that
political correctness is bad but the the
debate is over what really constitutes
political correctness like what is
political correctness like where are the
where are the lines of political
correctness and so what's a substantive
political point versus what is a point
that's just you know it's a it's
politically correct nonsense and we
should reject it so I find the setup of
the debate a little weird because you
know in my mind right up front I would
have a massive bias in favor of the
people who would call themselves the
right in this debate Jordan Pederson and
and Stephen Fry because I feel like
political correctness is clearly
something we all disagree with it's just
the question is what constitutes
political correctness
so I find it strange that they got you
know somebody to try to defend the whole
notion of political correctness to say
it's like a good thing but okay let me
digress from that and let's jump into
the substance of it I I don't like
either one of these guys Michael Eric
Dyson is is kind of a just standard
Democrat with establishment
sensibilities he's basically the
opposite of a guy like Cornel West I
consider Cornel West to actually care
deeply about the policy substance and
improving people's lives I consider a
guy like Michael Eric Dyson a little bit
of a charlatan he you know he just is
run-of-the-mill establishment kind of
Democrat and I do think that a guy like
Michael Eric Dyson has an over reliance
on identity politics which I don't think
is fruitful and I don't think it makes
sense now I also don't really like
Jordan Peterson
I actually what I don't mind about
Jordan Peterson is his like self-help
stuff because I think that that actually
helps a lot of people and I see no harm
in it whatsoever I think it's relatively
benign the self-help stuff but where I
disagree with Jordan Peterson is you
know his he's a very religious guy and
he's made some comments that I would
consider ridiculous about religion and
his comments that I've seen on politics
are also just kind of run-of-the-mill
right-wing politics which I'm not saying
he's not a smart guy I think he is a
smart guy but at the same time I think
his politics are silly now I'm not going
to go too much into context of that
right now I'll do separate segments
going into more details about what I
think about of specific ideas of Jordan
Pederson in the political sphere but so
let's talk about the angry white man
back and forth now the the people Jordan
Peterson is Stephen Fry and people who
are broadly on the right in this
exchange their argument goes something
like this for you to call me an angry
white man is hypocritical because if I
called you an angry black man
you would immediately tar me is racist
and say you just you know hey
conversation over because you've
declared that you're outside of the
realm of respectable discussion and so
you deserve nothing but shame from
society and scorn and you're not a
legitimate voice because how dare you
you know use such a character attack to
call me an angry black man and I think
what a guy like Jordan Peterson and
Stephen Fry might say is like you don't
see the double standard there and how
that's a problem how people on the Left
get to use identity politics non-stop
but then when somebody on the right uses
it you immediately declare that that's
out of bounds and not fair how if
somebody calls you an angry black man
that's racist but if you call me an
angry white man for whatever reason
that's not considered racist and it's
just considered like you're keeping it
real or whatever so that is the argument
on the right as far as I can see is
there truth in that I think there's a
grain of truth in that at the same time
I think though that guys like Jordan
Peterson and maybe Stephen Fry I don't
know for sure
they might downplay the historical
differences in power and that's
something that the left points out and
it's I think it's somewhat accurate when
they pointed out because you know if you
have identity politics black identity
politics in the context of the u.s. now
I'm generally an opponent of identity
politics but that doesn't mean that
white identity politics is equal to by
default black identity politics because
historically because of the power
difference in the u.s. because of the
fact that we've had one group is the
majority and they have all the power and
you had slavery and then you had
segregation and Jim Crow and then now
you have what they call the new Jim Crow
which is the drug war being used as
proportionately to crack down on black
folks because of the power difference
black identity politics manifests itself
as ultimately a movement for equality
and a movement for justice and a
movement to redress the grievances and
make it equal now that doesn't mean that
all black identity politics is like that
in fact there are black supremacists you
know strains of
but Malcolm X originally was a black
supremacist and he was open about that
you know he didn't like White's he
thought they were literal Devils but
then later on in his life he became a
little bit more like MLK character and
really was fighting for equality so if
you have you know black identity
politics fighting for equality to
redress the grievances and make it equal
that is something that's very different
from a black supremacist philosophy
which says blacks are superior to whites
or a white identity politics because
historically in in the context of a
place like the US where white people
have most of the power white identity
politics manifests as you know a
neo-nazi movie or the movement or the
KKK or you know extremists it manifests
as hate groups that say we should have
all the power because we're better than
you so there's a double standard and I
the double standard is a real issue so
they the right has a point when they say
how come you could call me an angry
white man but I can't call you an angry
black man there is a point they're like
hey there's a double standard but then
there also is to an extent a reason for
the double standard and it's the
historical power historical power
difference now but my ultimate take away
on that honestly is I think that they I
think that that double standard still is
a problem I do because I think it's just
inevitable that if you have that
difference in identity politics where
one side says we get to play identity
politics the left does but they say hey
if the right plays identity politics
that's out of bounds I don't think that
I don't think that's sustainable because
I think in that situation you will have
a backlash of the rise of something like
the alright now that's not saying that
there aren't people who are on the
alt-right who we're gonna be alright
douchebags and white supremacist no
matter what because I think there are
people who are gonna be white
supremacist no matter what no matter
what arguments the left are making but I
just don't want to buy into the logic of
identity politics because once
by into the logic of identity politics
you don't get to determine who plays it
you know so but then also I would say
that doesn't mean that there aren't
legitimate concerns for minority
communities and specifically minority
communities in the US it's not like they
don't have concerns that other groups
don't have they do have some concerns
that other groups don't have or
certainly don't have to the same extent
now the other aspect of that I thought
was interesting the angry white man
reaction is so while I kind of disagree
with Michael Eric Dyson and that I do
think he shouldn't have said that
because it is true that there's like a
double standard he can kind of casually
call Jordan Peterson angry white man but
Jordan Peterson can't call him an angry
black man but what's interesting though
is that Jordan Peterson really did get
like triggered and melted like a
snowflake and there let's be clear here
there is you know uh there is some I
don't know what the right word for it is
it's just funny that the guy who who
cloaks himself as like we're all about
free speech were all about not shutting
down debate not shutting down discussion
a free exchange of ideas anything goes
but then when somebody calls you
something you don't like you kind of
shut down and it's obvious that he's
really affected by it and he's like he
seems like he's kind of shutting down
debate like he his responses became kind
of short and he was like offended by it
and it's like what happened I thought
you were the non offended guy like here
let me put it this way if I was in
Jordan Peterson's position and Michael
Eric Dyson called me an angry white man
I wouldn't have reacted like shocked and
appalled and offended and turned into a
snowflake I would have you know whatever
responded on the merits of it because in
all seriousness on the merits of it I
don't think that's totally incorrect
about Jordan Peterson and you know he
goes on to talk about how yeah perhaps
I'm angry but the fact that you
mentioned race is a problem well no it's
actually just an accurate descriptor
like you are white and perhaps you are
angry so truth is always a defense so
there might actually be a level of truth
in that so I just find it funny that the
anti snowflake guy turned into a
snowflake when he heard a description of
him that he didn't like okay all right
now to the broader question of white
privilege it does
my privilege exists and if it exists is
there merit in pointing it out all the
time to the first question does it exist
I would say yes but to the second
question I would say no not really so in
other words I think white privilege
exists in the sense that on average it
is harder for a black person in the
United States of America and a majority
of white society than it is for a white
person and there's countless examples of
this there's a lot of evidence to this
effect you know the resume study is
probably the best example when you have
the exact same resume and a black name
on the resume versus a white name on the
resume the white name gets way more
callbacks than the black name everything
being equal the white name is way more
preferred than the black name so that
shows that you know race is a very it's
it's an important factor even though we
like to pretend like we already live in
this colorblind utopia where race is not
a factor it is a factor so I do think
that the resume studies evidence that
white privilege exists I think the fact
that the drug war is disproportionately
used to crack down on minorities is
another example that white privilege
does exist because you know black people
and white people use drugs at a similar
rate black people get a rest of her four
times more often another interesting
fact is white people are way more likely
than black people to sell drugs
but black people are way more likely to
get arrested for selling drugs than
white people so there are certain
instances of there's really no other
explanation other than race for why
certain things happen application of the
death penalty application of mandatory
minimum sentences all of this is
evidence that yes there's a
disproportionate crackdown on minority
communities so to an extent does white
privilege exists yes but why do I think
it's not at all fruitful to discuss it
here's why because when when a poor
white family who has no money and no
power keeps hearing you know the idea of
white privilege being brought up they I
think correctly think well that I
not privilege by any stretch of the
imagination listen guys the overwhelming
majority of white people in this country
also have no money and no power and are
screwed by a system that's [ __ ] them
over as well as [ __ ] over minorities
now again on average the degree to which
they're getting [ __ ] over is slightly
different but the more important point
that unifies all of us I think is class
consciousness so poor white families
from Appalachia have a lot more in
common with minority communities that
are oppressed then everybody thinks they
do so we're all in the same boat listen
if you're if you're middle a middle
class white family or a middle-class
black family and you go down the
economic ladder to lower middle class to
poor the same policies that would help
the middle class white family are the
same policies that would help the middle
class black family are the same policies
that would help the poor white people
and the poor black people and the poor
minority communities so I think as a
general rule the solutions to problems
that might plague minority communities
more are still universal solutions so in
other words if you if somebody harps
away on the idea of white privilege
white privilege white privilege white
privilege even if they're not saying hey
