we are live we are live [ __ ]
welcome to the kyle is technologically
inept our this happens literally every
time we we do one of these I kind of
fumble my way through it but it's still
fun either way so let's see let me
refresh this okay that didn't work
of course what I'm trying to do is get
into the back end of this YouTube
livestream I'll start talking about
stuff in a minute don't worry about that
there we go live control room
boom Shakalaka beach okay here we are so
I'm gonna I'll take some super chats in
a little bit but first let me run
through some stuff that I wanted to talk
about um I see everybody's everybody's
jumping in the chat what's up everybody
holler for a dollar okay so this is this
is the pre Rogan livestream so um I'll
be on Joe Rogan Tuesday at 11 a.m.
Pacific time when I'm done here I'm
gonna I'll be hoppin on a flight
everybody knows how [ __ ] terrified I
am a flying so even though I don't
believe in prayer please say some
prayers for me I hate flying man I hate
it with such a burning passion it's
ridiculous I can't even put into words
how much I hate it
so I was talking to somebody about this
and they were like look it's just it's
all in your head so just you know you
could override it yeah that's kind of
true but at the same time it's not just
the thoughts that get me it's also the
literal feeling you get when you're
flying you're in like a pressurized
cabin and you're you know thousands of
feet in the air going 500 miles an hour
and you're in a little metal tube and I
think I'm like way too much of a control
freak
and since I'm a control freak I want to
always I'm a perfectionist and I always
want to be able to like micromanage [ __ ]
and if I'm in a position where I can't
like I'm forced to sit in the same place
and in the case of a flight to
California for six [ __ ] hours and
like there are no options it's just like
yeah here's it's almost like being in
prison it's like here's where you are
and you're not allowed to move really
you're not allowed to like be free or
get some fresh air like you're just
confined to this area and there's
something about that I [ __ ] hate and
just that like the motion sickness I
told the story before but when I was a
kid my dad had a boat and we used to go
on it and go fishing and stuff and then
and I never had a problem with you know
seasickness or anything but the last
time I went on a boat maybe three years
ago I immediately felt sick the second I
put my foot on the boat and just had a
little bit of the movement of the water
there I was like this is terrible is the
worst thing ever I feel like I'm gonna
die and I should have been smart and
said you know what I'm not I'm done here
I'm not going fishing with you guys and
taking a step off the boat and said okay
it is what it is but I didn't know I was
like suck it up be a man go out there
and it was like literally four or five
hours of sheer torture the entire time I
felt beyond sick I don't know the word
for it it was just like all my brain
wanted was to be steady in the same
position and all that was happening was
non-stop and so it was I can't even put
into words how sick I felt it was the
worst [ __ ] thing ever but what's
crazy is literally the second we got off
the boat I felt better
isn't that crazy it was the second I got
off the boat I was like oh that's it I'm
better I'm now on flat ground and I feel
good again so anyway isn't it funny that
I'm so strange that I'm more fearful of
just the plane ride than I am about
doing a podcast where I'm gonna there's
gonna be over a million people who
listen because that's what it is like I
bet I don't that's like afterthought
it's like whatever
looking talking in front of people's
nothing but the the idea of just being
on a plane is like it triggers something
inside that it's just it's not good so
anyway now that I've explained to you
guys how much of a little [ __ ] I am
there are some things I wanted to
discuss again I'll get to super chats in
a little bit but first let me go through
some stuff there's not gonna be a show
this week so I wanted to maybe you know
do some stuff now
and by the way Monday I'll be on I'll be
on The Young Turks for both hours and
then Tuesday is when I'm on Rogen like I
said but since I'm not gonna be here
might as well do some stories for you
guys alive here so one thing I wanted to
discuss is YouTube decided to punish
Infowars for promoting the Florida
School shooting conspiracy theory now
when we talk about Infowars I I have
less than no love for Infowars I think
there was a time when Alex Jones was
like half right about stuff and half
dead wrong and what I mean is he was one
of the first people to talk about like
NSA spying and oh my god they're
collecting all of your information and
he seemed like he was pretty civil
libertarian ish he also was at one time
strongly against the Iraq war so those
are the things where I could agree with
the guy but he always just put a heaping
dose of conspiracy theory in with it
stuff that nobody should accept at face
value and also there's a deeper problem
with conspiracy theories which is if you
get too obsessed with the conspiracy
theory then you totally forget about the
policy outcome and what you really
should be fighting for so like you're
sucking all of the air out of a movement
for example to end the war if your main
focus is you know 9/11 truther ism is
correct and we need the government to
admit that it's like okay so Eve let's
say in some bizarro world 9/11 truther
ISM is correct what if the government
amidst that then what like
there is no and then like so it's almost
like conspiracy theories love to smell
their own farts and jerk each other off
and act like we have a truth that nobody
else has and let's just keep talking
about that truth endlessly so Alex Jones
went from a guy who was like half right
about some policy stuff and then crazy
about a bunch of other stuff too now
he's just you know mister I love the
establishment I love Fox News and Tucker
Carlson and Rush Limbaugh and I'm
Trump's biggest [ __ ] defender and
then you mix in being just a standard
right-wing Republican douche bag right
along with insane conspiracy theories
like now he tries to pretend like he
never said Sandy Hook was a hoax [ __ ]
we know you said it was a hoax it's on
video so if you're promoting that kind
of garbage you're just wrong like
there's no other way to describe you're
just incorrect about [ __ ] um so I have
no love for Alex Jones I mean when he
think about the arguments that they made
when they said hey Sandy Hook is a hoax
the argument was well Obama's gonna come
and take your guns and this is how
they're gonna do it well guess what Alex
Obama didn't come and take the guns so
your whole motive is wrong like your
whole motive blew up the first thing
they when there's a crime the first
question is what's the motive for the
crime
if you can't establish motive then
you're wrong so this is one of those
instances where you said Obama was gonna
take the guns they didn't take the guns
in fact the Democrats obviously never
even proposed taking guns the furthest
they went was an assault weapons ban
which is just tweaks around the edges so
he's just wrong about [ __ ] now having
said all that do I agree with YouTube's
punishing Infowars no again this is what
people don't understand is if you don't
defend the free speech and the free
expression of people you absolutely
despise then you don't actually believe
in freedom of speech and freedom of
expression now of course there are some
rules you know like you can't do direct
threats of violence for example okay
that's a clear rule everybody agrees
with that you can't Doc's people okay
that's a clear rule everybody agrees
with that you can't do libel or slander
fair enough but
number one those things are notoriously
hard to prove and number two everything
else is open season you could say
whatever you want to say so Alex Jones
has always been promoting backwards
kooky ass theories and now is when
YouTube besides Oh will crack out on him
and the reason they're doing it is
because it's getting mainstream media
attention and the thing that's
frustrating is like they think like the
mainstream media thinks they're being
do-gooders by pointing out like huh look
at this okay I did you know YouTube
should do something about this when
people promote say crazy things but then
where do you draw the [ __ ] line man
this is the debate this is the argument
so if you say hey we're gonna pull down
some alex jones conspiracy stuff because
of you know they're they're lying about
one of the kids who went to this florida
school or they're smearing him and stuff
which is all true well then okay next is
i don't know by what standard you can
keep up the Sandy Hook conspiracies and
some of you might say okay yeah take
down those two okay but the next is the
9/11 truther conspiracies now by the way
I'm not by any stretch of the
imagination a 9/11 truther but it is
true that the official story is [ __ ]
like there's giant holes in the official
story so if you if you question that
narrative is that enough to get your
video pulled so you go from conspiracies
about the Florida shooting those gotta
go then you'd say Sandy Hook those got
to go then you say 9/11 truth and then
you get into JFK damage literally the
majority of the American people think
JFK was not assassinated just by Lee
Harvey Oswald they think something else
was going on whether it's the Mafia or
the CIA or Cuba or there's a million
theories out there but that's one that
to this day there's still a vibrant
debate going on and if you say okay
we're gonna pull down this Alex Jones
one because it's a conspiracy and it's
damaging and they said it violated the
boolean clause of their Terms of Service
I don't agree with that they weren't
bullying him they were just making a
[ __ ] theories well then where do you
draw the line and they will always
always always flip it back on the left
and that's the main point Abby Martin
made this point the other day and a good
she said listen I don't like on medium
for example is now pulling down all
right accounts and nobody despises the
alt-right more than me I think there are
a band of [ __ ] idiots but why the
[ __ ] I don't even understand if you
leave up there [ __ ] I think you're gonna
more people are gonna turn away from
them
so the original conspiracy video about
this shooting in Florida the dislikes
were like 70% or so so you know what
that means people watched it and the
overwhelming majority were like get
[ __ ] is this is [ __ ] so you gave
it a platform and people [ __ ] on it and
that's exactly the kind of free market
of ideas that you want so when they
start over policing and they pull down
the alt-right sites how long until they
start coming for the left and the answer
is they've already started coming for
the left we already know this this is ad
pocalypse was one example of that now
the D ranking crisis is the other
example of that how if you're if you're
already a subscriber of site of secular
talk you'll see my videos in the
recommended section but now YouTube is
tampering down so that I can't attract
as many new people and this is what
happens they've decided hey you're not
an authoritative news source so when you
start pulling down conspiracy theories
over here well then you're also gonna
start pulling down truth from the left
over here so when I start saying hey you
do know that the u.s. armed jihadists in
Syria when I start talking about that
some people might hear that and go
that's a conspiracy now they're wrong
because I know what the evidence is I
know what all the articles say and I
know the reality of the situation but
that sounds like a conspiracy doesn't it
oh the US is funding jihadist bi okay
the [ __ ] hippie dippie far-left
[ __ ] it's just it's a proven fact
but do we trust the establishment and
YouTube to be objective about that and
fair about that
so no they're gonna start coming for
people who talk about the DNC email
leaks and they're gonna say you're
useful idiots of Russia and this needs
to be pulled down and that needs to be
pulled down and then we're [ __ ] so you
have to draw a clean line that says you
allow it all allow it all the only
things you can't do or direct threats of
violence and daxing people and [ __ ] like
that but you just you have to take a
principled stand for free speech
and I know some people's response to
this is Kyle it's YouTube their private
company they could do what they want to
which I respond you're absolutely right
they can do whatever the [ __ ] they want
I'm not making a legal argument I'm
making an argument from principle I'm
saying if you want to abide by the
principle of free speech then they would
act in a way where they say okay
free platform you say whatever you want
here are the very few rules and that's
it
so it's just I think it's a shame that
you know they're doing that and then
also you make Alex Jones a martyr now
that's what just happened you made Alex
Jones a martyr and by the way sorry if I
peak off to the side here Tiger Woods is
in contention at a golf tournament and
that makes me the happiest person ever
you made Alex Jones a martyr so now he
gets to go out there and say oh they're
oppressing me because they hate the
truth and they don't want you to learn
the truth so infowars.com and go you
know join and talk about how wonderful I
am and how I'm so oppressed by the
powers that be when in reality Alex yes
you are being tampered down by them and
they're wrong for doing that but you're
also an idiot so you know that nuance
gets lost on people if you start making
Alex a victim so that's that's my two
cents on that let me dip in real quick
to what's going on here okay let me let
me go through some of the other stuff I
wanted to discuss so remember the Donald
Trump carrier situation from a while
back Donald Trump ran as a populist
candidate who said listen I'm gonna keep
your jobs in this country Hillary's
terrible Bill Clinton was terrible they
did NAFTA and they outsourced to all
these jobs and we are gonna make it so
these corporations keep jobs here
well carrier was the first example that
it was a brilliant marketing move
because Trump went literally went to a
plant that was they were gonna have
their jobs outsourced and said I am
saving your jobs and at the time
everybody gave him credit including me
because it looked like oh [ __ ] look at
that he actually held true and he's
keeping the jobs here and
No you started thinking like well why
the [ __ ] couldn't Obama have done
something like this or if Hillary were
to get elected nobody could conceive of
her going to a [ __ ] plant with but
you know blue-collar workers around and
just and talking to them like yes we're
gonna keep your jobs here and let's make
a big thing about this because this is
what it should be like in America well
turns out it was all [ __ ] because a
few months after they did this whole dog
and pony show and this Kabuki theater
headline started coming out about how
they just laid off fifty people now it's
a hundred people now it's 200 people now
it's 300 people now it's actually even
worse than that because they kept laying
off they laid off hundreds of people
anyway while at the same time carrier is
getting a giant corporate welfare check
from the taxpayers so it's the worst of
both worlds
before they were just gonna outsource
the jobs now they're outsourcing the
jobs and they're hosing down the
taxpayers so it's even worse than what
we possibly could have [ __ ] imagined
well guess what now we learned it's even
worse than what I just described it's
worse than what was already worse it
turns out that they struck a deal
carrier struck a deal back they get a
two point five billion dollar Pentagon
contract so the hill was reporting on
this and they basically say I'm gonna
scroll down here cuz the parent company
of carrier the people who really got the
deal I want to make sure I get their
name right I think it's United
Technologies a manufacturing giant that
struck a deal with President Trump to
keep hundreds of jobs in the United
States was recently awarded two point
five billion dollar Department of
Defense contract with no competition no
bid contract this is what was discussed
behind closed doors before they did the
Kabuki theater guys this is how politics
works Trump said I'll give you whatever
the [ __ ] you want if you just keep these
jobs here for a few months and that's
what happened so United Technologies is
the company they're the parent company
of carrier they say the company the
company received millions of dollars in
tax breaks over ten years to keep the
jobs in the US Greg Hayes CEO of United
Technologies have the time they were
convinced to stay in India
after discussions with Trump and
vice-president pence but days after the
deal was reached they said an interview
that part of the company 16 million
dollar investment in the facility would
go towards investment in automation so
last July the plant laid off 300 workers
at the Indianapolis facility and in
November the company announced it would
lay off more than 200 additional
employees see this is what it is man
you're getting [ __ ] working-class
people are always getting [ __ ] and
then guys like Trump come come around
and he runs as a fake populist and he
doesn't [ __ ] deliver Obama was
similar on this front to he did a lot of
fake populism [ __ ] he spoke against
NAFTA and then he signed some free trade
agreements when he was elected under
Obama there were 87 thousand jobs that
were offshored in his in his final year
in office eighty-seven thousand jobs now
Trump is actually even worse
ninety-three thousand jobs were
outsourced in his first year as
president so you basically have two
wings of the corporate party we don't
have two political parties in this
country we have two wings of the
corporate party so it's a [ __ ] shame
and the Democrats have such an
opportunity here they could take over in
a blue tsunami come the next election if
they actually cared about populist
candidates and uncorrupted candidates
but the reality is they're actually
fighting back against the populist and
uncorrupted candidates who are running
we've discussed the stories about how
they're they're basically swinging an
axe at the face of various justice
Democrats who are not taking any
corporate PAC money and who are for
Medicare for all in a living wage so it
it's tough to watch this unfold because
we're hurling towards the abyss and the
establishment of both parties is
facilitating that and in fact putting it
in hyperdrive so by the way you guys can
start sending in those super chats now
I'll just there's just a few more things
I want to talk about so Donald Trump
said violence in video games might be
responsible for the mass shootings
