hello mofos hi I got it I got a question
for you I'm gonna put on these glasses
and you're gonna tell me if I look like
a cop okay so if you start like beating
people if somebody a little bit yeah
where are those aviators so if I yeah
there are other aviators those are like
2001 Jersey Shore like extraordinary
bangers right there but do I look like a
cop yeah yeah you do
bang if you had if you threw a badge on
that shirt or like any type of hat on
it's a rap
back when I you'd be allowed to arrest
somebody back when I worked as a car
salesman mmm one of my customers just
randomly gave me like I think he worked
for the NYPD um forensic unit which
actually pretty cool like he gets to do
the crime scene that's like the law and
order like dead bodies and stuff right
yeah that's like the fingerprinting like
the DNA evidence like so he was doing
the the serious um like the serious
scientific [ __ ] yeah so he brought me an
NYPD it was almost like a golf shirt
yeah it had an NYPD logo and it said
forensics unit and then one day I put it
on and I looked in the mirror and I was
like damn I could definitely pass for a
cop oh for sure definitely would scare
the [ __ ] out of people if I'm walking
around like that they'd be like all this
[ __ ] gonna give me a ticket the
[ __ ] that gets me tight is when there's
cars that look identical to cop cars and
they even have like that well one you
could see in your rear-view mirror
sometimes like the headlights and you're
like I don't know if that's a cop or a
cab or just like a town yes or a [ __ ]
Chevy Impala from like 2009 yes Chevy
Impala yeah so like you start slowing
down and then you waste like five
minutes and the person comes up and just
some like old grandmother or some [ __ ]
or like some Spanish dude who's just got
like a Chevy Impala still like the rules
like they should have their own [ __ ]
like that's the only [ __ ] it's only made
for cops that [ __ ]
yes and they they have their own looking
lights and stuff like that where like
you know that those are cop lights yep
like cops it should it be some sneaky
[ __ ] to get a ticket like I shouldn't
see like driving on the highway and a
cop like hiding in some like camel [ __ ]
in between the lanes like if you're
gonna like get me speeding do it because
I was just speeding like don't don't be
on some like crazy trap [ __ ] cuz that's
[ __ ] up and be lenient where job as a
cop be lenient with it too like if
somebody's obviously driving at an
unsafe speed like yeah and pull that
[ __ ] over but if somebody's
one-five like hand over yeah well I'd be
I'd be mad about that [ __ ] too but the
[ __ ] that gets me tight is when I'm
driving on the highway and I like look
back and I'll see them in some obscure
place that like a cop shouldn't be like
you could see that now yeah yeah yeah
yeah car that [ __ ] out now like yeah
like that's [ __ ] up like when you're
like when they say that cops keep
tickets at the end of the month or
whatever to hit their quota and then you
ask a cop who's like the cool cop in the
neighborhood you're like you guys do you
guys do that [ __ ] he's like now it's not
true that's true yes they do that [ __ ]
yeah [ __ ] their third [ __ ] job just
like anybody else like they run numbers
and [ __ ] try to get money for their
town so to say that they're not giving
out tickets to hit a quota is [ __ ]
[ __ ] so for them hiding and doing
[ __ ] sneaky to try and give you a ticket
that's [ __ ] up like we pay you
[ __ ] to just protect us don't
be like playing hide and seek with us I
had a realization though that cops like
I used to when I used to see a police
officer like eight cars back like you
know how you catch in the rearview
mirror and like you see the cop but
there's so many cars in between mm-hmm I
used to still like tap on the brakes and
try to slow down because I always felt
like this this month I have this the
kind of luck where this [ __ ]
would dip out around and then come back
and get me and skip everybody else even
if they're breaking laws too that's how
I would think but then I had a
realization one day because I drove by a
cop in the exact type of [ __ ] you just
described we're like they're hiding out
and waiting to NAB somebody and I've
driven past cops in situations like that
where I'm going 10 miles an hour or 15
miles an hour
the speed limit and I tap on the break
to try to make it good but I don't I
don't get it to the a good enough speed
fast enough but then I don't but then I
didn't get tickets it's happened a few
times and then I had a realization of
like well hold on a lot of them like
they're only gonna pull people over when
they're looking for people to pull over
like that [ __ ] might have been
sitting in his car eating a sandwich
yeah he might have seen me drive by
going fast he's like [ __ ] and then he
thought nah I'm not in the mood like
that's because it's a person in the car
but like you said and this is why I
definitely agree I think they do have
quotas is that by the end of the month
you always see them pulling more people
over because you know they have a budget
and they have to meet a certain amount
and so but I had that realization that
they're definitely like people too in
the sense that like if you were a cop I
was a cop like how often we just sit
there and be like I don't wanna pull his
[ __ ] over right now I'd do that
every single to you cuz the work that
has to go into it you got to follow the
guy for like four blocks and you don't
know who the [ __ ] you're pulling over
you don't know who you're pulling over
like you'd go anywhere from like an
elderly ass [ __ ] that like is just
elderly as [ __ ] and was just like ran
her stop sign because she didn't see the
[ __ ] and then you're gonna have to have
20 minute conversation with her about
how she ran a stop sign that she didn't
see ya so she's acting like she didn't
even really run the stop sign because
she doesn't think she ran the stop sign
but she actually did and then she's
gonna get turn into a grumpy old woman
and you just got to have that whole
interaction yeah when you could just be
sitting in your [ __ ] with that little
laptop on the side whatever on Facebook
chillin so here's the question here's a
controversial question do women have it
easier or harder in a situation where a
cop pulls them over easier 100 percent a
hundred thousand billion percent any
will try to woman who tries to meet to
this [ __ ] and say that it's not you
they're lying so what's your so what's
your argument as to why they have it
easier because I'm on the fence here
they can cry they can say they have to
go do you think the cop so most of the
time they look at the woman and like the
woman just has to flirt or the woman
just has to cry or something in the
they'll feel bad and they'll let him off
is that what you think well the majority
of cops I mean from what I know or I've
ever gotten pulled over or men so they
don't and and they're like manly men so
they try to maybe sympathize more with
or they don't understand women as much
so if a woman hit some with some [ __ ]
that they don't understand like oh it's
that time a month like I'm bleeding down
there or some [ __ ] and I gotta go excuse
like something like I can't be like I'm
bleeding from my vagina I can't get my
dick is bleeding that you get pulled
over you're like officer you won't
believe me man you're not gonna bug my
dick is bleeding actually he would let
you go of if he really believed you like
dick is bleeding yeah I just cut it with
scissors or something yeah that I mean
but like there's so many out cards that
a girl could play that a guy can't play
that many you know like what are you
gonna say it's on some [ __ ] where it's
like he knows everything you're gonna
say so the counter-argument is women
definitely feel in a situation like that
women definitely feel more vulnerable in
the sense that like a cop like a male
cop like a masculine cop like you were
talking about like they really do have
total control of the situation if it's a
woman and that can be intimidating
especially if the cop is not as kind of
corrupt and creepy and might be trying
to do some sexual [ __ ] no so that's the
flip side of it is like that there's a
bigger downside for a woman well know
what's the downside
well the downside is that the cops
creepy and you're glue to [ __ ] you know
you know they're gonna have the girls
have to live with that [ __ ] 24/7 you
know I know what I'm saying they did and
but the flip side of that is like it
could be easier for them in the sense
that they get more sympathy than a man
would because though the cop is a man
then they know like they're like
[ __ ] I know like what you're
doing if you're a dude like yeah you
were speeding don't try to [ __ ] say
anything you know what I mean like so
there's less sympathy in that sense I
feel like growing up
I heard more cases of women getting off
from tickets than i heard from men
getting all from tickets like I've heard
friends say like yeah I got a ticket and
it very rarely does it end with like
yeah I said something and then he was
like okay you get a warning or whatever
have you ever gotten a warning I think I
may have gotten a warning like once I've
got a couple warnings um which is nice
of them when they do that cuz it's like
I think the warning is almost like like
you didn't really [ __ ] up but I need to
pull somebody over and if you were a
dick I would give you a ticket
exactly yeah like that's them kind of
letting you know like I [ __ ] with you a
little bit yeah like I just met you now
you seem okay so okay yeah I got a
warning once when I first moved out to
Illinois I still have my New York plates
on but I'd been hopefully this cop
doesn't listen to the [ __ ] [ __ ] like
buckets in a road map I knew I said
wrote him a ticket but um I got pulled
over for I think I was texting or on my
phone or I might have been on my phone
and I still have my New York plates but
I've been living out there for a minute
and and I'm lucky because I had like the
town that I lived in sticker like in my
window and if he was a good cop he would
have did some investigative [ __ ] like so
I told him I was like oh I'm sorry
officer like you know I was calling
somebody for directions because I didn't
know where I am I'm from New York you
can see by my place so I sort of jeet
him with that the man um he was like all
right i'ma let you go oh and I was like
oh thank god and then when I left I
remembered that I had the town sticker
like on my car I was like you know if I
hit him with that lie which I did and
then he was like why do you have that
sticker on your car I'm a tourist and I
like it here I would have been got and
then I would have been out in handcuffs
and all that [ __ ] but the crazier thing
the crazier crazier thing is my
brother-in-law is is full black like
black people Spanish people don't have
that leeway like what are you just about
to say I'm just about to say is it
totally white people [ __ ] that like the
warning thing like would a black or
Spanish person listen to this and laugh
at the the thing I just said about a
warning because thanks oh that's like is
that like the white person's grace [ __ ]
it's like I don't think you're a
criminal because you're white you know
so domina let you off is that what it is
because I mean there is an argument for
that especially because like I've seen
the thing that really hit me like a ton
of bricks on that issue was the
statistics on stop and frisk and it
first of all it's like 90 is some insane
percentage like nineteen ninety-nine
point nine percent of the time or
something
something like that or 98 99 percent of
the time I don't forget the exact number
but it's really high they don't get
anything who's this what when they stop
and frisk you know and then it's also
it's overwhelmingly used on minorities
mm-hmm so that small percentage is
probably planted [ __ ] to that cops put
on them because I'm sure some some stuff
I'm sure it's planted but so like they
basically the whole point of the law is
to just be able to stop minorities and
and like frisk them and like make sure
you don't have anything which is crazy
because it's such a [ __ ] up for such
an obvious violation of their
constitutional rights because it's we're
supposed to be equal under the law which
means if you're gonna do stop and frisk
at least in theory you're supposed to
have people like if you frisk the
[ __ ] on Wall Street guarantee you so
many of them have cocaine yeah but don't
get me wrong I'm not saying frisk the
wall street people I'm just saying also
don't fresque people in the minority
communities but it was the statistics on
that that I was like holy [ __ ] like
there's an over policing issue in
certain areas and and that's why they
problem I don't know I would guess that
people have not if you're black or
Spanish you probably don't have that
that I mean I got off once yes I mean I
smokes my brother know about this and I
was like when you get pulled over like I
was like I told him was like when I get
pulled over like I can almost hit the
cop with if I'm a little unsure of what
I did
I can almost hit him with some questions
[ __ ] like why are you pulling me over
like and be like a little assertive like
you know like I don't think I did that
you know and like him have to like come
back with something like no you did
here's this the reason why blah blah
blah and he was like if I get pulled
over it's yes sir no sir like it's just
it's a wild like dynamic that like we
should all be [ __ ] equal we should all
be allowed to say the same [ __ ] the same
cops whatever you know but like he's got
a
get brought up like knowing different
driving you know like yeah knowing you
can't say some [ __ ] to a cop yep the two
times I had a shitty experience with a
cop one I got pulled over and he said I
was on my cell phone and I wasn't yeah
he was he was trying to and this cop was
black too and he was trying to hit me
with some he's a hundred [ __ ] like no
you were on your and I was like no I was
I literally went to court and contested
it on principle like didn't know [ __ ]
you will you and I brought I brought my
[ __ ] cell phone records I was like
look this is the time help me look this
I was not on the phone playing simple
and actually what happened was I was
driving and I always drive with one hand
so I had one hand and this was when I
had a Chevy Blazer and so the the center
console like you could rest your arm on
that so I was driving like this sitting
like this and I was rapping along with
this song and so when I got pulled over
he was like you were on your phone and
her again to take it I was like I wasn't
on my phone and he started he was
getting mad at me and he was trying to
sun me and I was like I wasn't on my
phone so I was one shitty experience I
had with a cop oh so tell so do you
remember if the cuz those type of my
mom's been to court and she's trying to
be on some [ __ ] we're like I'm gonna
fight this and they're always just like
boom just like were you able to show
your records and like fight for I didn't
even have to yeah they just chopped it
there's the cop isn't there
they don't reduce it cuz you managed to
show up but I do always have to pay the
surcharge so you always have to pay for
just going into the court but it was
like it was $50 when it was gonna be
like 200 or 250 years up here you want
some Tom Cruise like show the air
marshal [ __ ] [ __ ] but you had your
records ready to go just I was ready
with my like Glenn Beck conspiracy
chalkboard where you I draw out like Z
and then what happened was so I was one
and then the other bad experience and
this was interesting because me and my
friend I was wearing like a bandana type
[ __ ] it was like the summer I was in a
wife-beater I was wearing basketball
shorts you used to rock a bandana like
the dude from the what's that
the Crips know there's that viral [ __ ]
of the guy wearing the red bandana I
can't even think but keep going my bad
but I so I had the bandana on it was the
summer so I was tan as [ __ ] smoking a
cigarette this is back when I smoked
friend similar look
he probably had a fitted hat on but
we're both white kids but the cop pulled
us over and I was like damn is this what
it's like how it's like to be treated by
cop when you're a minority because he
pulled us over get this he gave us a
ticket I wasn't driving I was in the
passenger seat were loud music I smiled
and he was never seen anybody more he
was so aggressive like the cop was so
aggressive in that he did like we
couldn't say anything he wouldn't let
him you wouldn't let us say anything it
was one of those situations it was
really weird and then I didn't I didn't
piece it together at the time I don't
think but later on I look back on the
situation and I was like oh it's cuz we
look like what he thinks it are punk
kids like punk kid oh you're gonna wear
a bandana a little [ __ ] white boy
from the suburbs else we gonna do you
know where bandana well fine I'm gonna
[ __ ] give you a ticket and treat you
like a piece of [ __ ]
alright I once got pulled over by a guy
there used to be a guy who played cards
with us who was a cop his name was like
Rob the cop oh yeah remember that mm-hmm
I got pulled over by him once oh he
definitely let you off he let me off the
[ __ ] I was like dude we play cards in
general gamble we played the same legal
[ __ ] together so bust me on some ship
I'm coming right to the police house
right now and I'm riding your ass out
and say any of that [ __ ] but I was just
shoot man and I think he let me go I
also once got pulled over and I had I
just came back from like D or something
I had my brother's ID in my wallet and
the cop tried to say some [ __ ] but he
let me go too just like don't don't have
that or something like that oh but he
knew taking one look at it cuz you look
enough like your brother that if a cop
sees you for the first time you might
know cuz I pulled my [ __ ] out and like
his was still in there
what's that and I was like oh [ __ ] and I
was like I was just in a country
whatever it's like 18 a drink or some
[ __ ] but I had a caddy but I don't
remember who it was fake IDs for us back
in the day you used to be able to chalk
those shits like my brother could like
chalk a fake ID Oh so take your ID and
make the change your birthday yeah and
some people who had like the better
number like you feel like like 88 you
could turn into the 80 mm and I could
get rid of the like a like a little
space and they ate a little bit but that
was what people used to do back in the
day was like chalk and ID you would just
legit like get some I think the color
was in red and you would just do the red
on the ID chalk that [ __ ] and that's
what everybody did but now the IDS have
like that line going through it yeah I
just had a fake one I wish I never
understood how bartenders not
bartender's like bouncers they don't
care man it's just plausible deniability
I said they don't care and then you're
telling me you Kyle you know what a
[ __ ] ID from Montana looks like and
