so we have some pretty surprising and
interesting news for everybody this is
from CNBC Cory Booker joins kirsten
gillibrand
and other Senate Democrats in rejecting
corporate PAC donations senator Cory
Booker fell in line with other high
profile Democrats by vowing to stop
accepting donations from corporate PACs
Booker joins the likes of 20/20 hopefuls
Kirsten Gillibrand Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders with his pledge okay
so there's lots say about this first and
foremost you have clear jockeying for
position among Cory Booker Kirsten
Gillibrand and Elizabeth Warren moving
into 2020 it's not even close it's
crystal clear some of them have their
heart dead set on running and they're
going to run but having said all that
how are we to take this news that Cory
Booker and Kirsten Gillibrand Democrats
who are solidly in the establishment
wing of the Democratic Party how are we
to take the news that they're rejecting
corporate PAC money well I've seen
responses to this story that almost all
of the responses save one I don't agree
with because some people are overly
optimistic about this and they act like
that's it we're done fly the flag
victory I don't agree with that and some
people are overly pessimistic about this
like nope doesn't matter at all doesn't
count at all because they're corporate
Democrats and that's how they are and
nothing ever changes with that so don't
don't act like it does I don't agree
with that take either I think the answer
is in the middle and I think the
rational National David Dole he's got a
great youtube show you guys should check
it out he did a good video on this when
it was just kirsten gillibrand who and
now she's not taking corporate PAC money
and his position basically sums up my
position and that position is cautiously
optimistic so is this the end-all be-all
that they stopped taking corporate PAC
money
no is it a step in the right direction
yes so I want to show you some charts
here so I can further flesh this out for
you first we're gonna look at Kirsten
Gillibrand's no
here this is the source of her funds
throughout her career or actually I
think it's 2013 to 2018 but that's a
large enough chunk to get a good sense
of how she's been throughout her career
small individual contributions she's
taken four point five million in that
front now those are the what I would
call the good donations that's regular
people saying I like kirsten gillibrand
I think she's gonna fight for me and
fight for regular people so here's some
money that's defined as less than two
hundred dollars a small contribution is
two hundred dollars or less
thirty one point two one percent of her
donations are small contributions okay
then you have large individual
contributions about eight point nine
million that's sixty one percent of her
contributions then you have PAC
contributions about seven point seven or
seven point eight percent and she hasn't
done any self financing now to get rid
of corporate PAC money what that means
is you're not gonna have corporations
officially bundle money give it to her
and the reason why one would forego
those donations is very simple
those definitely come with strings
attached oh you want to take corporate
PAC money well guess what they're gonna
immediately look at you to do their
bidding that's the way corporate PAC
money works if anybody tells you
differently they're idiots like the
Supreme Court for example says nope this
isn't corruption and this isn't even the
appearance of corruption well you're
wrong and you're comically wrong and
you're idiots of course it is if
somebody gives you [ __ ] thousands of
dollars you know you're gonna take that
[ __ ] phone call more than you're
gonna listen to a random grandma in
Kentucky of course that's human nature
so for example the Republicans take you
know Exxon Mobil money well then they're
gonna be they're gonna look at them like
okay you're gonna vote for our subsidy
every year right our corporate welfare
check of four billion dollars a year
right if you take corporate PAC money
from Wall Street they're gonna look at
you like hey the next time a
deregulation bill comes up you're gonna
support it right because that helps us
so you're gonna do that right so that
money definitely comes with strings
attached
so for kirsten gillibrand say I'm not
taking that anymore
good that gets rid of the worst source
of corruption and the most obvious
source of corruption now she's not
foregoing all pac money so in other
words there are some PACs that give for
like women's issues for example
reproductive rights she's like I'll
still take PAC money from them why
because she ideologically agrees with
them and it's not like they're making
her flip her position they just support
her position she says I'm pro-choice
they say hey we're pro-choice - here's
the pac money so she says I'm not gonna
stop taking that I think Union money -
she's not stopping taking which okay you
know that's I mean on 90% of the issues
I agree with the unions so it still has
a corrupting influence but it's a less
corrupting influence it's just not as
damaging a special interest if you will
there are a few issues where I disagree
with them like for example unions were
in favor of like the Keystone XL
pipeline because hey jobs now that
conflicts with what I think the proper
position was because we should care
about the climate and say no we can find
other sources of jobs so no so you might
have Union money have show a conflict of
interest in that sense but overall okay
you want to take Union PAC money you
want to take women's issues PAC money
that PAC money is not nearly as bad as
corporate PAC money Wall Street money so
the worst source of corruption corporate
PAC money she's saying I'm not taking
that anymore that's good now here's the
point that David Doyle made which is a
great point which is what you still have
to look out for in the case of Kirsten
Gillibrand and again I'm not downplaying
the fact that she stopped taking
corporate PAC money that's a good thing
unquestionably a good thing and I'm
giving her credit for that credit where
it's due on that front but what happens
is oftentimes politicians like Kirsten
Gillibrand will have these dinners will
have these parties and it'll be hey
2,000 bucks a plate or the limit 2500
bucks a plate and what they do is you
will invite people from a particular
industry maybe you have a meeting with
goldman sachs and maybe you say hey
we're going to
dinner with people from Goldman Sachs
come on to the dinner 2500 bucks a plate
and then you've packed the room full of
Goldman Sachs people they pay you twenty
five hundred bucks a plate and then at
that cocktail party you have
conversations with these people and
you're absorbing their worldview so when
you get rid of the corporate PAC money
you get rid of the worst source of
corruption there are still sources of
corruption being big-money dinner
parties where admittedly they're staying
under the $2,500 individual cap but the
way in which the dinner party unfolds
and the people you're surrounded by
you're not surrounded by the you know
the blue-collar worker or the accountant
or the teacher you're surrounded by
executives who have a very particular
worldview and you're gonna reflect that
if that's where you're getting a lot of
your money now again in the case of
Kirsten Gillibrand the large individual
contributions defined as above $2,200
usually it's the max of $2,500 that's
sixty one percent of her funding so you
should be happy she stopped taking
corporate PAC money but here's how the
ultimate judge of how corrupt she is or
isn't her voting record so at the end of
the day if she stops taking corporate
PAC money but she supports a bill for
deregulation of Wall Street doesn't
matter much that he stopped taking the
corporate PAC money because you still
voted in the corrupt way at the end of
the day anyway but if you stop taking
the corporate PAC money and you vote
against the deregulation and you vote
for medicare-for-all for example and to
be fair to Kirsten Gillibrand she had
recently come out said I'm a favored
Medicare for all well then that's a good
thing then we'll give you total credit
and listen for Cory Booker and Kirsten
Gillibrand is saying no more corporate
PAC money I need you to understand
something everybody on the Left who was
saying you know what [ __ ] you guys I do
have a purity test how about that
I'm not gonna support you unless you're
for Medicare for all and free college
and a living wage and you stop taking
corporate PAC money everybody on the
Left who was allowed who was aggressive
who was unwilling to compromise
who was saying no I have a purity test
now come get my vote all of you you're
the people to thank for them doing this
you're the people to thank for them
taking a giant step in the right
direction because if it wasn't for you
they wouldn't have done it so all of the
shaming of the Jill Stein voters and the
people on the so-called far left who
said no Hillary's got to earn my vote
they're the ones who earned this you
would have never had Cory Booker and
Kirsten Gillibrand ever come out and say
I'm done taking corporate PAC money
unless they were convinced I have zero
chance in 2020 if I keep taking
corporate PAC money so this is a giant
sea change this is a step towards making
the Democratic Party the party of
workers again now they're not there yet
cuz I just told you 60% 61% of her
contributions are not small donations
they're large individual donations so
we're still not there yet but it's a
it's a step in the right direction so be
cautiously optimistic in the case of
Kirsten Gillibrand just say okay I like
that you stopped taking corporate PAC
money I'm gonna keep my eye on those
large individual contributions but I
just need to I just need to see this
reflected in your voting record okay so
you say you're not corrupt anymore
wonderful vote for a medicare-for-all
vote for free College vote for a living
wage and and then we'll give you even
more credit okay so cautiously
optimistic by the way a good comparison
here what percentage of Bernie's
contributions are small individual
contributions about 80% ideally you'd
want to have all the Democratic
politicians get all of their money
through small individual contributions
now again there's a little bit of wiggle
room there if you want to take a little
bit of Union PAC money or women's issue
PAC money okay that's not as bad
obviously it's corporate PAC money but
the ideal would be small individual
contributions and actually the real
ideal is just have publicly financed
elections clean elections they're not to
worry about any of this private source
of funding but Bernie who's more of the
paragon of being uncorrupted
he's about 80% small individual
donations so Kirsten Gillibrand is
31% small individual donations 61% large
individual donation so just keep your
eye on that but again cautiously
optimistic so now let's move on to cory
booker cory booker is worse
so his small individual contribution is
less than two hundred dollars it's ten
point two four percent so about two
point three million dollars that's lower
obviously that's a smaller percentage
than with Kirsten Gillibrand and
obviously Bernie's is eighty percent in
that category large individual
contributions seventy two point eight
four percent so about sixteen point five
million dollars PAC contributions is
about ten point six two percent so again
with him getting rid of corporate PAC
money don't don't get it twisted
it is it's definitely a step in the
right direction cuz he's saying I'm
gonna get rid of the worst source of
corruption great but again same thing
with cory booker as it is with kirsten
gillibrand
just keep your eye on that large
individual contribution number and also
the next step really is to try to push
people to stop having those fancy
schmancy cocktail parties where you're
in a room with all Wall Street people
who are paying less than the cap of
twenty five hundred dollars per
individual contribution but you're still
absorbing their world view but either
way the more democratic politicians that
say no corporate PAC money the better
that's good and the next step of course
is stop having those dinners with rich
[ __ ]
who give you $2,500 let's push you more
towards this small individual
contribution mold of less than two
hundred dollars and the way that you
start doing better fundraising that way
is very simple just push for the right
policy goals the uncorrupted policy
goals push for Medicare for all in free
college in a living wage and ending the
wars and a new new deal and legalizing
marijuana and to be fair to Cory Booker
he's for legalizing marijuana and he
says he's for Medicare for all now but
if you push for those things in the long
run you're gonna get a lot of small
contributions you're not going to get as
many big contributions and that would be
better at the end of the day so
step in the right direction take a win
where you can get it this is you can
thank a purity test leftist for this
because they're the ones who really are
responsible for getting us this change
and just still keep in mind though that
Wall Street and insurance companies and
pharma are in Booker's top 10
contributors in large donations large
individual donations so keep your eye on
that and you know for Gillibrand I think
Wall Street is still in her top ten
contributors for large individual
contributions now again you want to
compare that to somebody who's really
uncorrupted Bernie's top donors or
Democratic issues groups like for
example we described women's women's
rights groups where they push for
reproductive rights and they donate
money so Democratic issues groups
education they donate a lot to Bernie
Sanders retired people so you really
want to be uncorrupted go towards small
donations from the people by pushing an
agenda that the people want move away
from the large individual contributions
but having said all that it's still a
colossal II positive thing that we now
have Democratic politicians going I'm
not gonna take corporate fact money
anymore because if I keep taking it I
have no chance of never mind winning in
2020 I might not even have a chance of
getting reelected the next time I'm up
for election as a senator so that's
definitely a good thing and let's hope
this trend continues
