there's been a bizarre story developing
involving Joanne Reid the MSNBC host so
she wrote some shitty stuff in the past
on her blog about gay people and when
some people dug that up a few months ago
she came out and apologized well now
people dug up some more anti-gay stuff
some new old anti-gay stuff and this
time instead of apologizing she said she
was hacked now that's a very not only
curious thing to say it's a ridiculous
thing to say because you know for
example it was a log it was in like this
thing called the Wayback Machine and
then I think there were a variety of
sites that had logged these posts that
she made so not only would hackers have
had to go in there right the [ __ ]
she said before she was anybody before
she was really widely known they also
would have had to do it at a variety of
different sites which is like no
nobody's gonna do that and you know
people were pointing out hey the real
scandal here would be that it's possible
to hack the thing called the Wayback
Machine the site called the Wayback
Machine where you know
so then anybody's history can be changed
by anybody who would hack a site like
that and make it seem like they did it
or wrote something years ago so that's a
huge that's a huge story that would
deserve a tremendous amount of attention
because you know how can anybody trust
anything then so people were pointing
out not only is that unlikely it's damn
near impossible and then on top of that
some of the [ __ ] she wrote she tweeted
back then so she's telling us people
hacked into her blog when she was in
nobody wrote [ __ ] pretending to be her
posted it on variety of different
websites and then also tweeted it out on
her
Widder and she didn't even notice she
it's not like she you know she was she's
on Twitter she saw a somebody apparently
hacked and put words in her mouth and
then tweeted it and she wasn't alarmed
at the time she was just like oh look at
that somebody hacked me then she kept
moving on it listen it is just beyond
obnoxious in terms of the degree of a
lie that we're talking about here well
this is weird what happened now it's all
weird up to this point but what happened
next is perhaps even weirder despite
claiming that she was hacked
she also apologized again take a look
good morning and welcome to am joy a
community that I support and that I
deeply care about is hurting because of
some despicable and truly offensive
posts being attributed to me and many of
you have seen these blog posts
circulating online and in social media
many of them are homophobic
discriminatory and outright weird and
hateful when a friend found them in
December and sent them to me I was
stunned frankly I couldn't imagine where
they'd come from or whose voice that was
in the months since I've spent a lot of
time trying to make sense of these posts
I hired cyber security experts to see if
somebody had manipulated my words or my
former blog and the reality is they have
not been able to prove it but here's
what I know I genuinely do not believe I
wrote those hateful things because they
are completely alien to me but I can
definitely understand based on things I
have tweeted and have written in the
past why some people don't believe me
I've not been exempt from being dumb or
cool or hurtful to the very people I
want to advocate for I own that I get it
and for that I am truly truly sorry I
had a conversation the other day with a
friend who's also an advocate in the
LGBTQ community in Florida who rightly
took me in a task for my tweets mocking
and Coulter using trans gender
stereotypes I apologized to my friend
and I want to apologize to the trans
community and to an those tweets were
wrong and horrible I look back today at
some of the ways I've talked casually
about people and gender identity and
since
sexual orientation and I wonder who that
even was but the reality is that like a
lot of people in this country that
person was me I grew up in a household
that like many in America had
conservative views on LGBTQ issues I had
friends some of my closest friends in
fact growing up who I later learned were
gay and who had kept it secret from me
and from everyone else we were close to
because they didn't know what we would
say or if we would still be friends or
whether we would look at them
differently I can remember a friend of
mine my freshman year in college telling
me he was gay and my knee-jerk reaction
being that it was so disappointing to
the women he could have married he was
so hurt he didn't speak to me for months
I'm heartbroken that I didn't do better
back then knowing so many great people
in the LGBTQ community including amazing
friends and journalists and producers
and political operatives and great dads
and moms and advocates and just regular
people and knowing how hard it must have
been for so many of them to come out to
their families to their friends to just
walk around in the world especially for
trans people and I feel like I should
have known better than to ever write or
tweet in a way that could make fun of or
make light of or make light of that pain
and that experience even a decade ago
when the country was in a very different
place but I cannot take any of that back
I can only say that the person I am now
is not the person I was then I like to
think I've gotten better as a person
over time that I'm still growing that
I'm not the same person I was ten or
five or even one year ago and I know
that my goal is to try to be a better
person and a better Ally now the reality
is I have to own the things that I've
written and tweeted and said and I'm
hoping out of all of this there's an
opportunity to talk about the ways in
which hurtful speech really does imperil
marginal marginalized communities these
issues matter not just theoretically but
because we're talking about our friends
our kids our co-workers people who
deserve better than what I have
sometimes given them why are you
apologizing if you didn't write them now
she again she we went through this once
before they found anti-gay stuff she
wrote and then she came out and said I'm
sorry about that but now you're saying
these new ones I didn't write I was
hacked so then why are you saying that
and then apologizing for it and she said
quote I genuinely do not believe I wrote
those hateful things then again why are
you apologizing shouldn't your whole
thing be I didn't write them and
something's going on here we're gonna
get to the bottom of it I know what I
said hasn't been proven yet but I'm on a
mission to prove it because I know that
that's the case I know I didn't write
these things but she didn't she said I
genuinely do not believe I wrote those
hateful things she's saying that because
listen she wrote him and her claim was
beyond ridiculous any expert will tell
you she hired her own basically fake
expert to say yep she's right that's
what happened and then they were like
where's your evidence and he was like
new phone who dis evidence I don't know
what that means what does that mean
evidence so she listened here's the
thing man to telly
I give less than no [ __ ] about what she
said back then by the way I went through
some of it some of it you could say is
hateful others are just just strike me
as like you know crew jokes you know and
honestly it's akin to like my me and
friends of mine when you said I saw
something you didn't like your reaction
in like high school was like gay now as
South Park brilliantly points out that
doesn't mean that like when somebody
like me was saying that that I I'm
saying hey being a homosexual is
inferior and wrong compared to
heterosexuality no it's it's something
that developed over time that became
decoupled from being hateful because you
know as far as I can remember I've been
in favor of gay marriage I've always
been in favor of gay marriage but that
doesn't mean that I haven't at time
miss injest said gay or you know at
times you say your friend you you would
say to your friend [ __ ] like if you
want to have an impact and hit him like
yeah [ __ ]
now again would I do that now probably
not no I wouldn't talk in that way but I
I would vehemently disagree with the
idea that when I said those things that
that's me being anti-gay because it's
simply not you can say those things and
be you know not politically correct but
at the same time you're not saying what
people insist you're saying so in other
words people would hear me saying
something like that or read me saying
something like that and go oh Kyle
hates gay people and he's anti gay but
that's factually not true I'm in favor
of gay marriage I've always fought for
gay rights but at the same time I also
don't bite my tongue and I was an
awkward young white boy who said ni GGA
- does that mean I'm racist no it's just
so in other words I don't care about
what she said back then some of it I'm
sure was genuinely anti-gay because she
was against gay marriage so there's
really not a comparison between me who's
always been for gay marriage but some of
it I'm sure was joke some of it was
genuinely anti-gay but even if it was
all genuinely anti-gay I don't care
because now she's Pro gay so she changed
her mind and now she's in favor of gay
people so she came to the right position
so all her hold her long spiel here
about talking about all the hate against
gay people yeah yeah yeah yeah we all
agree we all agree we know you're not
anti-gay anymore we know you're on the
right side of that issue now but you're
talking the entire time the real
elephant in the room the real issue was
not what you said it's the fact that
your giant disgusting brazen lie to
cover it up and then now you have every
MSNBC host including Rachel Maddow
talking about how I've never been more
proud to work with joy and read than I
am right now all these you know
corporate Democrat types establishment
Democrat types are rushing in to defend
her the daily coasts uh the the guy who
came up with daily Coast Markos Meletis
or whatever the [ __ ] his name is he's
like I'm with joy I read that there's no
question
okay well then here's the thing guys if
somebody who's supposed to give us the
news give us information data facts and
portrays themselves as a truth teller if
she tells a giant lie like this and
that's what it is a giant lie and you're
cool with it I don't want to hear
another [ __ ] word about fake news
from you guys ever again because what
happened here's an MSNBC host spread a
story that is just preposterous lis fake
to cover her own ass and you are like
yeah I'm fine with that because I like
her okay well then stop pretending
you're against fake news you're for fake
news as long as you like
the people it's in service of so as long
as you're doing fake news to side with
Democratic establishment politicians or
hack Democratic loyalists pundits well
then you're fine with it
so I want to be crystal clear about what
my take on this is I again I don't care
less I couldn't care less about what she
actually said back then because even if
she was genuinely anti-gay and it looks
like she was because she was against gay
marriage so that's anti-gay by
definition
she's now for gay rights so a total and
utter pass on whatever she said on those
issues back then in other words if
you're harping away on that aspect of
the story
get over yourself everybody's had shitty
opinions at one point or another or said
things that are not politically correct
or whatever the case so don't harp away
on that because there's there's no there
there on that front she's on the right
side now and that's why everybody the
entire gay community is like virtually
the entire gay community you can't speak
for all of them of course but there are
many like she just went to a panel of
like for gay people to back her up after
she did this rant here so most people
are like yeah we forgive you for that
there's no problem Glenn Greenwald
brilliant guy he as a gay man was like
yeah I don't care that part of it we
evolve we move we met over it where
everybody's fine with that everybody has
opinions and they evolve and they change
but again his point was
but she told a disgusting lie in the
service of covering up what she said and
Jimmy door has a good theory on this he
says that he thinks after the last
incident where there was the anti-gay
stuff found and she apologized for it
she had meeting with MSNBC executives
and the executives we're like is there
anything else like we'll get past this
one we could work through this one but
is there anything else on that block and
she was like no and then when this came
out she was like yeah I [ __ ] they're
gonna fire me if I admit to this one I
did I was hacked so I think that's a
brilliant theory from Jimmy I think that
probably has something to do with it but
again either way the the stuff she said
we can all get past that's fine she's
she's on the right side on those issues
today but just never again if you can't
look at Joanne Reid as a source of truth
as a source of you know news honest
opinions because we know at the end of
the day she's a liar
and she'd spread fake news in an instant
to cover her own ass and then that calls
it a question everything else she's ever
said and and listen this is illuminating
because joy and reads of somebody who
repeatedly went after Edward Snowden you
know used to go after Chelsea Manning
all the [ __ ] time is squarely in the
hillary campo ver bernie sanders and
regularly smears bernie bros and is
totally unscrupulous so she really is a
hack of epic proportions and this is
such a great example of it where she
tell the most insane lie to cover for
for herself and then when people point
out whoa whoa whoa the issue here is the
lie that you told after the fact what
does she do she shrouds her self in I've
grown and I've evolved past those
opinions that I had and we need to talk
about this because it shows how
marginalized communities really are
marginalized so in other words it's like
let me take this instance of me being a
total liar and a fraud and instead of
acknowledging that and accepting the
consequences for it
redirect the conversation up
skate and act like no this is about the
bad opinions I had and now we're past
that now I'm a fighter for the on the
right side of this issue again nobody's
harping away on that point aspect of it
or very few people are most people are
saying no the problem was to cover up
and the brazen lie and now you're gonna
have the nerve to go out on your show
over the next few weeks and talk about
fake news and call out Donald Trump well
you don't have a [ __ ] leg to stand on
when when you say [ __ ] like this and
MSNBC shame on them they have no shame
none whatsoever
I mean look at Genki ogre called out the
corruption the Democratic Party he's no
he no longer works there Phil Donahue
was against the Iraq war he no longer
works there because they wanted a
totally pro war Network at the time
because that was the mood in the country
ed Schultz called out TPP and then
Schultz back to Bernie Sanders over
Hillary Clinton they tried to suppress
him from covering it and then they let
him go and fire them so this is a
network that has repeatedly proved they
don't care about the actual issues they
don't care about policy substance they
care about having a mouthpiece for the
Democratic establishment and for
corporate America and that's what Joanne
Reid is and this is such a clear example
of it because if they really cared about
fake news they would let her go because
of that not because of the shitty
opinion she had or the bad jokes she
told her whatever I total pass on that
total forgiveness for that and she's on
the right side of those issues now the
problem is that she's a goddamn liar
