howdy everybody hello welcome to the
jungle it's weird how howdy was a thing
you know how people sit like that was
their greeting mmm bunch of wheel
readings over the year oh yeah from time
to time our only texts should they
definitely say how do you say Hawaii
they say but it's making a comeback
Jimmy Dore who's my friend who has a
show as well he his co-host opens with
how he says howdy howdy when he does the
show he just opens with that you know
it's a things come in and out Howard
Stern you say hey now right yes somebody
said yeah so no but it was like a like
howdy was like a like an actual greeting
right yeah well yeah it was it still is
people I mean the way the language
always changes a little bit like they
used to do the you ever heard those like
cops and robbers talk from the 1920s
like alright see I'm gonna tell you I
always say see at the end of it I'll
listen here see I'm gonna put your hands
up put them up put them up put them up
stick them up language now you [ __ ]
well now it's just like get on the
ground it's not even put your hands up
anymore no now they just shoot you
that's true they show up and start
shooting and then you're like I was just
speeding like four miles an hour over
the limit don't kill me yeah yeah well
congratulations man I mean yeah dog
that's uh it's it's exciting and the
audience knows cuz Monica's a Molly's
channel and stuff yeah so it's uh it's
it's a different like Parenthood is that
asks just a different world like it's
like as soon as you have that baby
you're just looked at as a different
person you know how how did you feel
from one moment to the next cuz like one
day you're not a parent and then the
next day all of a sudden you're a parent
yeah I mean it's still hitting me like
when I hold like my baby like it's it's
it still hits me that like even my I
sent my dad a couple pictures and he was
even like I can't believe you're a dad
like I was like yeah like I'm thinking
one like you're an [ __ ] why would you
say that
and then - I was like if he's right as
[ __ ] like how like how am i dead like so
it's just sort of like surreal you know
like it's it it's not really hitting me
totally yet because the baby is still
just like not anything that can
comprehend anything and like isn't it
isn't a person like yeah like until that
happens when there's talking yeah
exactly like when she's like like dad
what like what is this
so like asking questions then it'll be a
little stranger you know right now it's
just like I'm holding something that
that is very valuable it's like right I
can fine fine piece of China or some
[ __ ] yeah can't draw well I know with my
with my niece and my nephews it was
really bizarre to me watching them grow
because I like I remember when they were
just little mashed potatoes like just
these little people that would just sit
there and drool and [ __ ] on themselves
and like now they're talking and they're
playing sports and they go to school and
they work the iPad and like I remember
something was wrong with the TV one time
and we figured out I could have figured
out and my little nephew was like I'll
do that let me give me it and then press
a button or two and then at work and I
was like yep that's [ __ ] up yeah I
remember when you were not even existing
and then to think that my body has
changed so much to see like him grow
from being really little to now being
kind of big and talking and being smart
it's like well my body was growing that
whole time too like yeah so it's like
I'm not the same person I was in 2011 -
yeah and you don't think about that you
just look at the kid and it's like wow
he can talk and he can do all this [ __ ]
but it's like no you're grown exactly
yeah like now we don't even realize it
but like how many meals have I eaten
since then how many shits have I taken
since then out like how much has my hair
got in gray since then and it just keeps
marching on
yeah I don't know about you but I always
feel like I have moments of like I still
feel like I'm 16 basically like I say
yeah but like I always want to just like
pump the brakes a little bit and
whenever people around me are always
moving I'm always I'm always like damn
like just press pause for a little bit
like and that concept seems like it
shouldn't be hard like okay we're in
time and time moves forward but like you
almost feel like if you spend a day by
yourself in your room on the Internet or
some [ __ ] or you watch TV all day it's
like you feel like you kind of press
pause a little bit on life mm-hm but
you're not actually pressing pause like
time just keeps moving yeah and it's
creepy it's like whoa this is not it's
not stopping it's just keeping it just
doesn't stop yeah that's I mean I think
of that it's like your life is just like
a timeline like I look back obviously
when my daughter was born and then it's
like all right before that was my
wedding and it's just like you just have
these like events that happened that are
like monumental events and you like
people celebrate you in that moment so
you get texts and calls and all that
[ __ ] and it's just like all eyes are on
you and it's just like you go about your
business again well you know what's
interesting is I I kind of look at it
like that to almost like my life was in
different stages like there were
different chunks and it's like you know
for example your time in elementary
school like that's its own thing like
okay and and you take some memories from
that I remember we used to have field
day we just go play some [ __ ] and it was
fun
so--but and but like I almost feel
looking back like all the time was even
evenly split through each era and that's
just not true so for example there was a
time period when this was after my mom
and my dad had split up maybe five years
or so after that and then we moved out
of the house I grew up in and we moved
to my grandma's house we moved in with
my grandma for a little bit and my mom
and I did I should be clear and I
remember that timeframe now as if it was
almost equal in time to the time I spent
at my house growing up but I was only at
my grandma's house for like a year and a
half
mm-hmm and that I was at my you know
however many years I was amazed when we
ended up leaving the house I grew up in
but you look back on it and everything
is segmented into its own little thing
and it's just like an illusion that your
mind plays on you like no you were at
that place for a lot shorter time but
now you look back on it and that's like
its own era so you look at it as like
its own thing even though it's less time
yeah it's weird how it's like your mind
plays tricks on you too almost managed
your memories and your your time frame
and like what do you think that is you
think it's like do you want to remember
that memory is like longer than what it
was or it's just not particularly in
fact if anything is probably the
opposite I didn't want to leave the
house that I grew up in I didn't like
that idea in fact I despised that idea
it's interesting because you talked to
people whose parents got divorced and
one of the first things they'll tell you
is like they felt horrible about that
like damn did I do something did I [ __ ]
up I never had those feelings about my
mom and my dad it's all I was almost I
don't know if I was like emotionally
disconnected from it and I was doing
that as a matter of necessity or if
that's just kind of how I am Raj was
just looking at it like okay they're
human beings I don't get along anymore
so it makes sense how old were you how
old was I when they split I must have
been like 12 or 14 and then before you
could understand it a little bit they
divorced a few years later but no that's
the timeframe when people say like the
kids are most affected by it all right I
wasn't that I mean I don't think I was
affected by maybe if I went to a
psychologist or a psychiatrist and they
really dug deep they'd be like no you
actually did feel trauma over that four
and yadda-yadda manifested in this way
or that way I don't know but the point I
was gonna make is I felt like it had a
much bigger emotional impact on me when
we left the house I grew up in then
having my mom and dad split up my mom
and dad split up when I was still in the
house that I grew up in I was like okay
well I get that the date they had
troubles and they don't it's better for
everybody I kind of thought about it you
know but I think you're more tied to
memories in the house of [ __ ] that
you've done then like memories you have
with your pet like yeah
think about it yeah I think the
occasions with your parents and stuff
like that and do certain events but
you're not spending like most of the
time when you're 1314 you're spending
that time by yourself well I've always
been kind of like a loner you know what
I mean like an individualist where I'm
up there reading a [ __ ] Richard
Dawkins book as a young teenager and
they're doing whatever so yeah I think
in my mind it was like especially the
basement at that place it's like my safe
zone like I walk into it and it's like
that's it I'm safe I'm good here there's
my home notes yeah and then when you
pull that rug out from underneath me
then I was like this [ __ ] up man
but with the divorce I was like I get
[ __ ] happens
you know what I mean yeah yeah so it's
I'm weird like that with places but no I
didn't particularly feel like when I was
at my grandma's like I wanted it to last
longer in fact it was the opposite
definitely was probably weird but like I
see it definitely was taking you out of
your element of just being in the house
like cuz I had the same issue and it was
like yeah I had a issue too because me
and my sister moved to New Rochelle well
my brothers stayed back on my dad yeah
that separation of my like I feel like I
had more connection to my brother and
yeah that's big then I lost that with my
brother yep and [ __ ] it up a little
bit you know yeah that I feel like that
that that's big for sure because you and
your brother are close and then having
that it's like whoa yeah really feel the
split I wonder how much how how many
more kids who don't have siblings put
the blame on themselves
as opposed to like parents getting
divorced and and having a brother sister
to like go through that [ __ ] with yeah I
just I wonder how that affects every kid
cuz again I didn't feel like I'd had
that much of an impact on me but I know
that with a lot of people they read that
really shook them up and it's really
like holy [ __ ] you're breaking the
foundation of what made you know them
thrive but yeah it's I mean it's tough
man people are it's a difficult
situation people are complicated and
then that [ __ ] happens and then people
just have to try to deal with it and
pick up the pieces and move on and
that's life really yeah everyone's just
a [ __ ] human being and that's why
it's like I was texting someone and
who just had a newborn also and he was
like it's gonna it's gonna help you're
not that my relationship is bad but it's
gonna help your relationship by just
having like a stronger bond there but
then I guess at some point people
getting divorced that [ __ ] wears off
because it's there's a lot that goes
into it the baby is like up in the
middle of the night like crying and [ __ ]
like that and it's just like it's just
on you and your significant other to
[ __ ] shape this person and it's like
well and it's a full-time job man oh
hell yeah
it's not it's it's a very serious thing
and it's like it requires so much
attention and effort you know what I
mean it requires so much attention and
effort but it's just it's crazy how
anybody can just have a kid like you
know like it's just like it's wild to me
like you're in the hospital for two days
and then they're just like alright
you're you're you're on your own like
that isn't that doesn't that feel weird
like you're on your own like wait what
I'm responsible for a life now barely
take care of myself and I got to worry
about a little baby just like even
little things like the baby like an
infant stage like their head like rolls
around and it's just like God hold their
head because they don't well it's funny
you say that because I'm I'm like I'm
like infamous for not knowing how to
hold a baby it's almost like a running
joke within my family where they'll like
I've tried to hold the kids when they
were babies I mean I just it's like I
have zero paternal instinct yeah I'm
like I'm like holding the baby like it's
strange because it's and you know what
it is like I feel like on some level I
wanna make sure I do it right and the
fact that I'm so obsessed we're doing it
right [ __ ] me up more yeah like I [ __ ]
it up more because I start and then one
time my brother-in-law was like dude
like the babies and we're talking about
when I don't know how old they were
maybe 10 months at that point or some
[ __ ] and my brother-in-law was like like
dude he's gonna he knows how to balance
himself so it's almost like you just got
to provide a little bit of something for
them to sit on and then he's got like
his back is not jello like he's not
gonna sit on your back
their [ __ ] head does that [ __ ] well
that's that again well that's cuz your
baby's so young at this point but when
they're 10 months they can sit up so
like you just got to hold them a little
bit and then they got it like they look
at you like I got this [ __ ] yeah so but
we I don't know it's it's it's it it's
crazy to [ __ ] just put it all
together like back to that original
point like my dad's saying like I don't
know how your dad like I don't I don't
know how anyone's a dad like guys guys
are just guys you know and it's like
we're not supposed to know how to hold
the baby you know do all that [ __ ]
that's for woman's like instincts we
just don't know what the [ __ ] we're
doing at least you're speaking for
myself I'm sure there are some dudes who
might have some sort of natural instinct
on that front but I have zero of it and
you know I don't know how much of that
can be attributed to the fact that I'm a
dude or how much that could be
attributed to the fact of when I was
raised I more on the typical boys [ __ ]
like I like video games and [ __ ]
action figures and playing sports and
[ __ ] like I just never developed that
kind of although we're back in the day
hoe mech yeah that was the [ __ ] kook
yeah it was fun like I enjoyed home act
like but I still don't know how to cook
like almost anything it was a class that
like people [ __ ] it on but meanwhile
that's like a pretty important class
practicals [ __ ] practical joke man
absolutely if you do everybody had to
take a class on how to balance their
checkbook and all that stuff it
definitely would help a lot I mean
school should be a mix of learning the
practical knowledge for the real world
like that [ __ ] that we're talking about
and then also you mix it in with a
traditional education where you learn
how to think you know what I mean like
you learn philosophy and [ __ ] like that
they should mix it where it's a little
bit of both but you're right that they
don't like they very rarely do that kind
of [ __ ] nowadays but speaking of food I
am and we should actually jump into
these polls before I get into the flow
yeah in fact I will say though watching
I watched the baby be born and like
watching a baby coming to the world was
that that was pretty [ __ ] incredible
like my wife asked me because she was
like what did you think like what was
that moment like and I was like like cuz
people hype that [ __ ] up and that but
like in that one moment just seeing no
baby - baby was pretty
it was pretty it's pretty awesome I
don't I honestly don't know how women do
it because I did that I mean I forget in
some comedy movie from like the 90s a
woman explains it is like trying to
squeeze something the size of a
watermelon out of something the size of
a lemon yeah it's like how the [ __ ] did
the physics doesn't work no like how the
even taking like a massive dump like
when you when you finish that dump it's
still like something you can look at no
but it is you can look at it and be like
okay I could see how that came out
but like you've never taken a dump the
size of a baby that's not no and then
the fact that it literally is a baby
like you gave birth in it like it wasn't
just the body that came through
there's intestines and a brain and
eyeballs everything had to come out of
there like something something with
genitals came out of your genitals mine
[ __ ] over here we still aren't convinced
that the baby is ours cuz like that [ __ ]
right now it does not look anything like
either of us like I don't try too much I
saw one picture and I won't think that's
Correns face all really 100% and my mom
said the same [ __ ] my mom was like
that's Koren okay alright that's good to
know hunters on it alright cuz she's got
like strawberry red hair and I had red
hair as a child too but I got blonde
hair I was like real a tanam blonde as a
kid yeah for a while - it went away when
I was like I don't know four but your
dad had blonde hair right or there was a
trait somewhere right no my dad when he
was older did the Trump trick there's a
light guy trick where you dye your hair
blonde and that makes it look almost
like your hair is transitioning from
brown to white but it's stuck in a
blonde phase [ __ ] I think I remember
looking at him I was like okay his [ __ ]
is okay yeah like that's that's the old
white man trick if you die there blonde
a certain shade of blonde it can look
like you're not actually dying it holy
[ __ ] yeah yeah that's a good s trick
sorry I'm getting a random [ __ ] phone
call which I'm it's a 1-800 number
calling during the podcast that's ooh
there's those [ __ ] scams are it's
like savvy now they put your area code
on the [ __ ]
oh yeah yeah I don't I literally don't
answer my phone unless I know who it is
same I've become that person to it and I
was this close to doing that [ __ ] with
email to where I was like I almost want
to deactivate my email I can't because I
need yeah but like I was this close to
just like why I do that with my phone
I'd literally don't answer anything I
don't know so why wouldn't I like I got
a [ __ ] scroll through 30% ads 20%
[ __ ] I don't know what the [ __ ] it is
only that some [ __ ] which I'm supposed
to get but isn't even really that
important you know it's just like a
waste of time it is it's just a waste
time anyway was I saying about the hair
I was saying my dad [ __ ] was blond oh my
hair was blond yeah um yeah I guess um
yeah nobody in my family really had
blond hair that I know when they were
oldest yeah you know but that's
something like I see with my nephew now
too
he had blond hair when he was younger oh
really and my niece too but now it's
becoming more brown it's weird how that
works
it is super strange cuz we don't have a
blonde trade anywhere and it's like a
blonde strawberry blonde dish
it'll it's gonna be my mom it's gonna
become like yours yeah
