so it officially happened Republicans
passed their tax bill I want to go ahead
and give you a full breakdown of it here
in as simple and straightforward terms
as possible so you get a sense of the
details of it so first of all it passed
the house 224 to 201 it got zero
Democratic votes and twelve Republicans
actually voted no on it now for those of
you who are a little bit baffled by that
don't be because what happens is
typically Republicans from otherwise
democratic districts in democratic
states sometimes they get elected and
when they're elected they know like oh I
should probably not 100% vote party line
with Republicans because then I'm gonna
get my ass voted out so that's that
explains at least partly explains why
you have 12 Republicans who voted
against it now in the Senate it passed
51 to 48 straight down party lines not a
single Democrat voted for it thank
goodness and every Republican voted for
it obviously John McCain isn't there he
went back home to Arizona he's gay you
know getting treatment for cancer and
the reports are doing too well and he's
on borrowed time at the moment so he
went home to Arizona and every other
Republican voted for it including Susan
Collins who's supposed to be the
moderate one she feigned concern about
certain parts of the bill but then she's
like yeah anyway I'm gonna vote for it
and by the way she also brushed off
criticism of the vote as sexist she
there's a lot of sexist covers this what
so you're you're doing the mix feminism
trick just like Hillary hide behind your
gender to try to deflect from serious
policy criticisms against you that's
what susan collins is doing thank god
come on you can't criticize my vote
don't be sexist well you know there
there are clearly reasons to criticize
the vote that have nothing to do with
gender and in fact I've all I've seen is
substantive criticisms of Susan Collins
vote so let me first give you the parts
of the bill that you know are either
benign or you could argue they're
they're actually a good thing
so the standard deduction is going to be
raised to $24,000 for couples and
$12,000 for individuals which is a near
doubling from the current levels so
these are provisions that could help
regular people and certainly up front
they could help regular people the child
tax credit will grow from $1,000 to
$2,000 only the first fourteen hundred
will be refundable and access for poor
families they say is not significantly
expanded so in other words they're you
know they're expanding the child tax
credit but not by much so that's all I
got in terms of ones that you could look
at provisions you could look at and say
okay not not terrible but they're
Republicans so clearly they have tricks
up their sleeve and you're about to know
the gigantic downside of this bill so
first of all the popularity of it what
are we looking at I mean this just
passed so in a democracy it obviously
has about 51% right I mean you wouldn't
want a political party pushing policies
that's fundamentally opposed to what the
American people want right the approval
rating is 33 percent only 33 percent of
Americans favor this bill that is very
very unpopular and people have brought
up this criticism to Paul Ryan he just
brushes it aside he's like yeah you know
misinformation something the media fake
news media is spreading fake news and
that's why people don't like it so we're
just gonna brush off the fact that we're
passing a piece of legislation that's
overwhelmingly unpopular in a democracy
in what's supposed to be a
constitutional republic and a
representative democracy
shouldn't that be like one of the most
important things you weigh in
determining whether or not to pass a
piece of legislation like in a world
that made sense that would be the case
right you have politicians who get
together and they go okay let's pass
this legislation [ __ ] we just got a poll
in that's
only 33% of people supported I guess we
got to redo the legislation until it's
something that people at least at least
51% of people like nope
didn't do it so then we moved to another
gigantic portion of the bill that I
don't think has been talked about enough
in all of my readings that broke down
the bill prior to its passage I didn't
see almost any discussion of this the
individual mandate in Obamacare is
repealed which basically gets rid of the
glue that holds together Obamacare
because when you don't have the
individual mandate you don't have enough
people in Obamacare you don't have
enough funding to you know pay for
people when they need care so the
individual mandate even though to be
fair it's the one provision of Obamacare
that when you break it down piece by
piece that the American people say yeah
we're not really sure we're in favor of
that one if you get rid of that the rest
of it basically falls apart but that's
why they did it and according to I think
it's the Congressional Budget Office or
according to independent analyses of
this provision it's going to result in
number one higher premiums for people
number two 13 million uninsured people
so they just you know in the blink of an
eye they just go yeah let's kick
thirteen million people off of their
health insurance
not good not good
and then also again up front this bill
cuts almost everybody's taxes you're
about to see in the long run that's not
the case at all
but even whatever amount you might save
in taxes up front that might be more
than made up for in the fact that your
premiums are going to increase for your
health insurance you know and depending
on it depends which analysis you read
but it's about 20% there's gonna be
about a 20% increase which offsets some
of the upfront cuts okay what else do we
have well this bill eliminates the
alternative minimum tax which is a two
hundred and fifty billion dollar cut for
the rich so for those of you who don't
know the alternative minimum tax is
basically this rich people have a
[ __ ] incorporations they have a team
of lawyers to try to figure out how to
weasel out of paying their taxes and
they use them so the alternative minimum
tax makes it so that lets say a rich
person finds a way to get their tax rate
all the way down to fourteen percent
let's say on income they somehow made it
so that they could chip away and get
their income tax down to fourteen
percent well the alternative minimum tax
says no you're gonna have to pay at
least twenty five percent so again rich
individual the tax the marginal tax rate
would be thirty nine percent they get a
team of lawyers to chip that all the way
down to fourteen percent by using all
the loopholes but the alternative
minimum tax goes no you can only deduct
up to twenty five percent you're still
gonna have to pay at least twenty five
percent on your income well they got rid
of that they got rid of the alternative
minimum tax so now if you get a team of
lawyers to get your tax rate down to
fourteen percent so be it you pay
fourteen percent which again two hundred
fifty billion dollar cut for the rich
and this has to be made up for somewhere
and where are they going to shift the
burden it ain't to other rich people
it's to you they'll shift the burden
onto you and then on top of that they
just add to the deficit again we'll get
to that in a little
it then you have massive a massive
corporate tax cut this is really the
crux of the bill this is where most of
the cuts go so the top rate goes from 35
percent to 21 percent and it saves
corporations 1.3 trillion dollars over
ten years 1.3 trillion now I'm sure you
could already tell like that's a
ridiculous thing because corporate
profits are at record highs right now
they're not struggling there are no
where near struggling it's the opposite
they're thriving and they get a cut the
corporate tax rate from thirty five
percent to twenty one percent but when
you get to the history of it it's even
worse so in 1952 the corporate tax rate
accounted for thirty three percent of
all federal tax revenue today the
corporate tax rate or corporate tax is
bringing less than nine percent of
federal revenue so again that tax burden
is going to shift some where
corporations used to pay thirty three
percent of federal taxes now they pay
less than nine percent and the
Republicans just made it so they're
gonna pay even less than that so now
corporations are not bringing in a
significant chunk of the federal tax
revenue they're gonna shift the burden
onto you
which leads to the next fact here all
households earning less than seventy
five thousand dollars a year which by
the way is the overwhelming majority of
the American people they're gonna see
higher taxes by 2027 so over a decade
the people middle class and poor people
less than 75-thousand working people
they will see a tax increase an increase
now it's funny because you see honestly
chumps who've fallen for the Republican
tax scam who have tweeted at me where
they're like they liar your lawyer about
the tax rate going no I'm not lying
every end
pendant analysis says that that when you
extrapolate a decade out the the taxes
on people making $75,000 a year or less
it goes up but then they say we're but
upfront it gets cut
but isn't it curious how all the tax
cuts for the rich and for corporations
permanent all of them permanent but just
so happens for the middle class and the
poor not permanent there's a sunset
provision on it so when they say all
will come back you know that's the thing
we're gonna come back and make it
permanent for the middle class well then
why didn't you already do it you have
the numbers you have the overwhelming
numbers in the house you have the
majority in the Senate you guys say hey
we're all about cutting taxes for middle
class and poor people so why didn't you
do it so why didn't you make those every
middle-class tax cut every poor tax cut
permanent why didn't you do that why
didn't you do it Ted Cruz likes to go
around and say all I care about is
cutting tax for the middle class and the
poor I don't care about cutting taxes
for the rich okay so why didn't you make
the rich tax cuts the one with the
sunset provision and all the taxes for
the middle class and the poor the ones
that are permanent they didn't do they
did the opposite why because they're
[ __ ] liars and they're just serving
their corporate donors they're serving
the rich they're serving the corporate
donors there's no question about it it's
not a hard one to deduce it's crystal
clear
every cut for you dad sorry it runs out
sometime but maybe at some point
hypothetically in the future we'll fix
that but for the rich I we made a
permanent now god there's such liars
okay furthermore there's a 2% cut in the
top marginal tax bracket right now it's
about 39% that's gonna drop to 37% so
it's even a cut for not just corporate
profits but for personal income they
take the top rate from thirty nine
percent to thirty seven percent but even
that that's not even the total picture
because there's a what's called a
pass-through tax cut to 30 percent so
what
that means is individuals can register
almost like it's an individual whose his
or her own corporation and what they can
do is register as an LLC themselves and
then the tax that they would play pay if
they do that is 30 percent so really for
a large number of people that are
supposed to be in that top marginal tax
bracket their cut is going from 39
percent to 30 percent so that's and
that's even significantly lower than the
Bush tax rates the Bush tax rates thirty
five percent was the top rate under Bush
by the way blew a giant hole in the
deficit because of the rich tax cuts and
of course the two wars that he put on
the national credit card but so think
about that they say oh look we're only
doing a small cut from 39 percent to 37
percent but then they turn around and
say but we're gonna do a pass-through
tax cut where if a rich individual rich
person registers as an LLC they get to
pay 30 percent not 39 percent not 37
percent but 30 percent more the estate
taxes exemption is doubled from 5.5
million to 11 million so what that means
that an even smaller share of the
ultra-rich are gonna pay the estate tax
and even those who do pay it will pay
substantially less than under the
current law so the estate tax already
applies to I think it's point O 2
percent of the American people because
you have to have a net worth of 5.5
million dollars or more but now they're
saying no we're gonna make that 11
million because you know people who had
7 million dollars were so oppressed by
the estate tax and by the way this is
one of those issues where the
Republicans do their [ __ ] framing
and their marketing or they say no it's
not the estate tax it's the death tax
more ha ha ha and they get regular
people [ __ ] farmers and like Arkansas
or some [ __ ]
to go oh [ __ ] I die I want to pass my
money to my kids I'm against the death
tax but no it only applies the reason
it's the actual name is the estate tax
is that it only applies to people
with [ __ ] estates so again it took it
from 5.5 million and net worth for it to
apply to you it's kicked all the way up
to 11 million so now I don't even know
what is a point oh one percent of
society that it's gonna apply to these
guys they are just one hundred percent
the corporatist party the ultra-rich
party they just into its to a comical
extent alright more the Tax Policy
Center finds that the top 1% of
taxpayers are earning eighty two point
eight percent of the benefits from the
cuts by 2027 so when you extrapolate out
for a decade in totality eighty two
point eight percent of the benefits are
going to the top one percent nobody can
tell you this is not a tax bill that's
totally geared towards doing the bidding
of the rich and corporations nobody can
tell you that that fact right there is
pretty much all you need to know and
then of course the final fact which
exposes the unbelievable hypocrisy of
the Republicans is that this bill is
going to add one point four trillion
dollars to the deficit now notice
something the Republicans always used to
shriek about the deficit non-stop in
fact part of the Tea Party wave was that
they were say odd to deficit the [ __ ]
deficit we gotta fix it oh my god look
at this crazy Democratic president in
the deficits going up so they use that
as like one of their main defining
issues as like we're the party of fiscal
responsibility they say they are when
they're campaigning we got to get this
deficit down you know we don't want to
leave a burden on our our grandchildren
what's wrong with those what kind of
monsters are we but now every Republican
except for the twelve in the house but
the overwhelming majority of Republicans
in the house and every Republican in the
Senate just said I'm yes I increase the
deficit by one point four trillion what
happened guys I don't know what happened
see it's a trick
it's a trick they will scream about the
deficit only when they're trying to make
a case against programs that help you so
if you're talking about health care if
you're talking about education they'll
go oh are you kidding me and this is
their next trick cuz they're gonna come
back
their next legislative movies they'll
come back and go oh now we got to tackle
the deficit so let's cut Social Security
and Medicare and Medicaid you just added
1.4 trillion of the deficit you just did
it you just chose to do it and now
you're gonna try say we have to cut it
for you know middle class and poor
people we have to now we have to do cuts
why because they don't care about the
deficit they never cared about the
deficit it's a trick it's a ploy it's a
scam to try to stop the government from
doing what the people want it to do from
helping regular people working people
but whenever it's to do endless war and
whenever it's to serve their corporate
donors and the rich then they don't care
about deficits at all yeah well I don't
give a [ __ ] loot the Treasury rate it I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't care you paid
my campaign contributions so I'm gonna
do your bidding and what's been really
fascinating is seeing how like there's a
few writers who apparently had totally
drunk the kool-aid of the Republicans
who are right-leaning writers and they
wrote these panicked articles like I
don't understand why the Republicans are
over this it adds one point fortunately
the deficit this is crazy it's like yeah
you [ __ ] naive fool you didn't
realize this that they've been playing
you all along every goddamn step of the
way they and the Republicans across the
board are calling for more war save Rand
Paul not a single one of them said hey
maybe bombing Syria's gonna is
unaffordable nobody said that nobody
said that cuz honestly it's more about
what are your values they value serving
the rich they value serving corporations
they value endless war so then the
deficits will [ __ ] come into their
mind at all it's only once for you yeah
we can't afford [ __ ] Medicare for all
you kidding me it's so expensive I don't
want to give [ __ ] kids right now
right now but
Kratts were like we're put chip
children's health insurance program
funding which gives healthcare and a
nine million kids put that in this tax
bill they're like no what what and then
they'll turn around and say we can we
know the money you're adding 1.4
trillion to the deficit to serve the
rich and you can say we don't the money
well then you don't have the money for
the tax cuts for the rich oh no we have
the money for that even though we don't
they're so shameless they're completely
and utterly shameless this bill is
abysmal and I'm just I just want
everybody to know this is important so
you know log this in the old memory bank
give this a like on YouTube or if you're
if you're watching it through a link on
Twitter favorited on Twitter like it on
Twitter's you can come back and check
this out when it happens hear me now
quote me later there's gonna be another
giant economic crash and that by the way
is everybody's fault but this is the
Republicans are putting that crash into
overdrive they're gonna make that crash
come much much sooner because history
shows every time you cut taxes for the
rich you cut taxes for corporations and
you deregulate you have what's called a
boom bust cycle so everything takes off
we go oh my god the good times are never
gonna end this is amazing and then BOOM
everything implodes that's why there was
the Roaring Twenties
why do they call it the Roaring Twenties
every oh my god the market oh look at
this just so great [ __ ] corporate
profits everywhere and things are going
[ __ ] wonderful and then oh my good to
great to prison so it happened when we
did in the nineteen teens and 1920 same
thing deregulation cut taxes for the
rich boom the Great Depression it
happened after Reagan Reagan came in
there same thing cut taxes for the rich
