ladies and gentlemen I believe we
finally have my finalized politican
schedule and I say that because now
everything is website official so that's
a very good indication that this is what
set in stone
obviously politican is very soon anyway
so you would expect for them to really
come up with the final decisions at some
point soon so let's go through it I want
everybody to know where I'll be
and what I'll be discussing and
hopefully you guys turnout and show up I
can't wait to meet you if you end up
coming to politican so it's gonna be on
Saturday and Sunday I will be there and
I will be participating on both days one
of the days as you're about to see is um
I have much more to do on one day than I
do the other day but that doesn't mean I
won't you know be around on the day
where my schedule is lighter because I
will probably be there so if you see me
come say hi we'll chat a little bit you
take some pictures if you want I say
that like I'm a zoo animal or something
oh come take a picture with the giraffes
but anyway so here's what we got on
Saturday I will be on this panel
it's called should we be socialists it's
from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. this is
Pacific time and as you can see here the
panel has Sam cedar ana kasparian Bakari
sellers David Pakman and Marcos Meletis
this should be a fun and interesting
panel I'm actually very curious to see
what a lot of these people have to say
about this question should we be
socialists I believe you know there's
gonna be an overarching theme about what
direction the Democratic Party should be
moving in as most of you already know I
have very strong opinions on that so
we'll see and I'm sure there will be you
know some amount of disagreement on that
panel where we might end up getting in
some back-and-forth but either way it'll
be fun and I'm looking forward to
now this is the only thing I'm scheduled
to be in on Saturday okay so there's a
lot of other stuff happening oh and I
can also tell you it's going to be in
3:30 to 4:30 p.m. in Independence Hall
so the way that this works there's a lot
of stuff going on at once so um I mean
if I'm not mistaken there could be like
four different things going on at once
that you get to choose you know which
area you want to go in which room you
want to go in and which thing you want
to watch but I hope you guys turnout for
this again it's in Independence Hall
3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. the first day of
politican on the Saturday and I think
this panel will be a lot of fun now
let's go to Sunday don't worry guys I'll
get to the debate shortly and you'll
know who I'm debating and I'll also give
you the background story as to what was
going on behind the scenes
okay so first and foremost actually this
is not my first panel of the day this
will be my second panel of the day but
in civic Hall from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30
p.m. there's a panel called how the [ __ ]
are we going to get along I think you
guys will be very interested in this one
because on this panel with me
there's Steven Ola Cara Bakari sellers
again Michael no Noel's roaming
millennial who some of you may know
because she's a youtuber right-leaning
youtuber but then you also have Charlie
Kirk so again this is the panel that
there was that we were told at one point
that it would probably be me and David
Pakman versus Charlie Kirk and Candice
Owens
it turns out Candice Owens will not be
on that panel but at least as of right
now charlie kirk will be on this panel
again it's called how the [ __ ] are we
going to get along 1:30 p.m. to 2:30
p.m. and civic call and that should be
interesting because I'm assuming there's
going to be some fireworks now this
isn't technically a debate it's a panel
but that doesn't mean it won't end
being a debate to one extent or another
and obviously you know I expect that
there will be significant disagreements
with the likes of roaming millennial and
Charlie Kirk so if you were looking
forward to a Kyle kolinsky david pakman
verse charlie kirk candice owens panel
that will not be happening but you get a
little bit of a substitute for that in
the sense that kyle kolinsky and charlie
Kirk will be on the same panel and just
for the record I know the panels called
how the [ __ ] are we going to get along
but I have a suspicion that many of the
people on the panel will have the answer
we're not going to get along and that's
fine so that should be interesting I'm
looking forward to that just so you know
there's a Ben Shapiro keynote speech
from 12:00 to 1:00 p.m. happening in
civic Hall if some of you if a lot of
you guys are there I'm sure that you
might check this out and then you just
get to hang out for another 30 minutes
and then you'll see that panel that
includes myself and Charlie Kirk so
again that should be that should be
interesting now there here's another
thing that's happening that day this is
earlier in the day
11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. in Independence
Hall there's a panel called what now
liberals and you can see the people
participating here this is the extra
power member I told you guys that since
Ann Coulter backed out I felt terrible
about that because I know a lot of you
guys wanted to see that specifically so
I said you have to ameliorate this in
some way and add me on an extra panel so
they did this is the extra panel that
they put me on it's called what now
liberals 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. on
Sunday and Independence Hall it's gonna
be sure Michael singleton Marcos Meletis
na era packs sorry if I'm mispronouncing
somebody's name Sally Kohn is or Leena
Maxwell again this strikes me is one of
those conversations that's like okay
what direction should the Democratic
Party go in which would be the dominant
policies and the dominant ideology
reflected on the left and obviously
again you guys know I have very strong
opinions on that and so that should be
an interesting conversation again
Independence Hall 11:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. now drum
please who will be the person I end up
debating the answer is nobody who's been
floated so far Scottie Nell Hughes is
the answer that's at 4:00 p.m. to 5:00
p.m. in the K Street lobby which is
funny
so Scottie Nell Hughes versus Kyl
kolinsky 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on
Sunday that should be very interesting
so ad I'm officially scheduled for one
panel on Saturday three on Sunday now
there may also be I may also end up
doing a Cameron Cass Keys podcast I'm
not sure I have to see what his schedule
is like and if he can squeeze me in or
not but I'm supposed to potentially do
that so if that's the case I'll have to
add that on Saturday so it might be two
things on Saturday three three things on
Sunday but either way you guys now know
the where these things are taking place
and the time that these are taking place
so who is Scottie Nell Hughes I'm sure
most of you already know Scottie Nell
Hughes because you're political junkies
but Scottie Nell Hughes ooh look at that
there she is with Donald Trump
she's a big-time Donald Trump defender
and she rose to prominence during the
2016 election see she was like I think
parodied on SNL here that's obviously
not her that's somebody pretending to be
her but she rose to prominence in the
2016 election here she is on CNN because
she was a very strong Donald Trump
defender and I believe a lot of the
segments she was in I feel like a lot of
them went viral because I had known
about her prior to her name being
floated again I'm sure many of you guys
knew know about her because your
political junkies but yeah she was
during the 2016 election she was one of
the strongest defenders of Donald Trump
so our debate will be about Donald Trump
and about you know his various policies
and how he's doing as president and here
she is at a previous politican now I
need to give Scott email Hughes honestly
a tremendous amount of credit and here's
why
when I tell you we ran through virtually
every single conservative going to look
at this oh boy Roger stone when I tell
you we ran through virtually every
single conservative at Politico I'm not
kidding
so I floated every name that all of you
guys wanted me to float you know hey I
hear you guys I hear you I see your
stuff on Twitter I see your stuff in the
comment section from time to time and I
I know what you want to see I know you
want to see Kyle kolinsky versus ben
shapiro honestly and i'm not joking
about this i think at this point kyle
kolinsky versus ben shapiro could
[ __ ] sell out Madison Square Garden
I'm not joking about that so I know
that's what you want to see so I floated
that I said hey what about ben shapiro
news came back
no he's passing okay now again I don't
want to jump to conclusions so I feel
like I always need to add this caveat
yes there is a chance that a lot of
these people know exactly who I am and
therefore they're like yeah kind of
don't want to get destroyed by a
youtuber so not gonna do it that's
possible but it is also possible that a
lot of the people who I floated
genuinely don't know who I am so they're
just like I don't want to debate
somebody who I feel like isn't nobody
you know and again even with ann coulter
who my understanding was she had agreed
to it and then backed out of it even
with her I genuinely don't know if she
came across my videos and was like whoa
not debating him because he seems like
he's gonna eat me alive um or if she
really just didn't know who the hell I
am and so she's like okay I'm in a pass
because I don't know who he is but
here's what I could tell you of all the
names that I floated you bet your ass at
least some of them at least maybe half
of them know who I am and they passed so
for example one of the names I floated
Tommy Lauren
Tommy Lauren passed okay now there are
names I floated that I'm not sure they
know who I am like I floated hey Adam
Carolla he's gonna be there I'll debate
him
or Chris Christie he's gonna be there
all debate him the three I mentioned who
were in the running recently Michael
Steele David Frum I thought I'll debate
them now again I don't know if they know
who I am and passed because they know
who I am or if they pass because they
just have no clue who I am but I know
that Jesse Lee Peterson who I also
floated relatively certain he knows who
I am and he passed so I floated all the
names that you guys wanted me to float
after Colter backed out I basically said
okay well I need somebody of relatively
equal stature to Coulter because I've
been promoting Colter and all you guys
want to see it I certainly want to do it
and I feel like it's only the right
thing to do
to get somebody of similar stature and
all of them past ben shapiro passed
tommy lauren passed i floated a
one-on-one with candice Owens and she
passed so anyway the point is guys I
give Scottie Nell Hughes a tremendous
amount of credit because honestly she
might be the only one who stepped up to
the plate I just need everybody to know
that I was asking for what you wanted me
to ask for and in the end honestly I
think the schedule works out very nicely
because like I said you get an awesome
panel on Saturday you get two awesome
panels on Sunday including one that has
me with Charlie Kirk on it at least as
of right now that's how it's scheduled
and then you get me versus Scottie Nell
Hughes on Sunday as well so it should be
fun I'm looking forward to it
by the way when I'm on this trip the day
after politican I will be doing both
hours of The Young Turks and then the
day after that on Tuesday I will be on
Joe Rogan's podcast at 1:00 p.m. Pacific
time oh and one more thing real quick
tickets they will be in the video
description box of this video if you
haven't picked up your tickets yet
please do so really want to see you guys
there I hope that the
entire place is packed with secular talk
listeners and we overwhelm them so the
tickets will be below TYT reached out to
me and they told me that hey if you want
you could have your people use the TYT
promo code and that'll save them some
money I don't know exactly how much it's
anywhere from like 10% to 25% but I was
like hell yeah I'll tell my people that
so for people who are looking for
tickets you could save a little bit if
you put in the promo code code tyt so
please do that tickets again right below
in the video description box and just
the very last thing I want to say real
quick I even floated two on ones I said
you could take any two conservatives
from this giant list that I gave you and
have both of them against me and I'll do
it when I heard that the response was
still no I said okay three on one I'll
do a three on one debate you could take
any three conservatives and put him up
against me the political people got a
kick out of that and they were laughing
and they were like okay that sounds good
I mean you're easy to work with and the
response was still no so you know for
all the people out there who actually
care about the hashtag battle of ideas
well just know that some people are
willing to have that battle of ideas and
other people even when they have a
tremendous advantage are still passing I
wonder what that says about their
ideology
