so Donald Trump and kim jeong-hoon had
their summit recently you can see you
know this is one of the many pictures
that was taken at the summit and I have
many thoughts and feelings on this
summit but what I want to share with you
first and foremost is Donald Trump when
talking to kim jeong-hoon
broke out a video to show him now
already i think that's kind of funny
because i mean that's it's silly but
it's also kind of relatable in the sense
that you know if I'm hanging out with my
friends or something I'll be like oh I
want to show you this video here come
check it out and then you pull it up on
like YouTube and you're like CEC and
Trump did that with kim jong hoon but
what he showed him was a trailer for the
meeting that they were in and for the
relationship between North Korea and
South Korea and the relationship between
North Korea and the u.s. so it was like
a fake movie trailer that the White
House made in order to show kim
jeong-hoon
- I don't know presumably try to get him
to D you clear eyes so let's watch that
trailer and then we'll come back and
discuss 7 billion people inhabit planet
Earth of those alive today only a small
number will leave a lasting impact and
only the very few will make decisions or
take actions that renew their homeland
and change the course of history history
may appear to repeat itself for
generations
cycles that never seem to end there have
been times of relative peace and times
of great tension while this cycle
repeats the light of prosperity and
innovation has burned bright for most of
the world history is always evolving and
there comes a time when only a few are
called upon to make a difference but the
question is what difference will the few
make the past doesn't have to be the
future out of the darkness can come the
light and the light of hope can burn
bright what if
of people that share a common and rich
heritage can find a common future their
story is well known but what will be
their sequel
Destinee pictures presents a story of
opportunity a news story a new beginning
one of peace to men to leaders on
destiny a story about a special moment
in time when a man is presented with one
chance that may never be repeated
what release shoes to show vision and
leadership or not there can only be two
results one of moving back
[Music]
or one of moving forward
[Music]
a new world can begin today
one of friendship respect and goodwill
be part of that world where the doors of
opportunity are ready to be open
investment from around the world where
you can have medical breakthroughs and
abundance of resources innovative
technology and new discoveries what if
can history be changed
will the world embrace this change and
when could this moment in history begin
it comes down to a choice on this day in
this time at this moment the world will
be watching listening anticipating
will this leader choose to advance his
country and be part of a new world be
the hero of his people will he shake the
hand of peace and enjoy prosperity like
he has never seen a great life or more
isolation
which path will be chosen
featuring President Donald Trump
and chairman kim jungeun in a meeting to
remake history to shine in the Sun one
moment one choice what if
the future remains to be written that is
without a doubt the goofiest [ __ ] I've
ever seen in my life now I want you to
imagine for me if Barack Obama had made
that exact same trailer just clearly
with pictures of himself instead of
Donald Trump and he showed this to kim
jeong-hoon and you know it was an
attempt to make peace and they even
speak clearly in there about you know
like lifting sanctions and having
economic prosperity so let me get this
straight
the pitch from Donald Trump's White
House is let's remove sanctions and help
them economically if they promise to
denuclearize that's almost exactly what
the Iran deal was the only difference is
Iran didn't already have a nuclear
weapon so the whole idea the Iran deal
was let's get a guarantee that they're
not going to create a nuclear weapon and
in return for that we lift the sanctions
and give them back their own money
therefore helping their economy so
there's that's the same concept at work
here so imagine if Obama made that same
video I mean on Fox News Sean Hannity
and and Bill O'Reilly although Bill
O'Reilly he's not there anymore but at
the time they would have screamed ah
weak bowing to dictators apologizing for
America you want to show kim jeong-hoon
in a positive light and talk about peace
if he wanted peace maybe you should stop
treating his own people terribly Obama's
so so sad and weak but Trump does it and
by the way we're gonna get these stories
a little bit later I have clips for you
and everybody's a hypocrite in this
instance the nominal left wing pundits
and the right wing pundits all complete
and utter hypocrite
and that's the thing that's been hard
for me to wrap my mind around is that
Donald Trump clearly doesn't have a
coherent philosophy guiding him that's
obvious but to the extent we can
ascertain any kind of philosophy there
appears to be a heavy streak of anti
Obama ISM because if you rip up the
peace deal with Iran but then you looks
like you're maybe pursuing one with
North Korea that's the same basic terms
that means there's no underlying
principle at work here
you're just a reactionary dingbat and by
the way you're bombing eight different
countries already so the idea that like
oh you have you're definitely for peace
across the board the Republican Party
tweeted something hilarious about how
you know like I'm gonna butcher it here
but something along the lines of real
leaders make peace it's easy to make war
something like that and it's like you're
the Republican party we're bombing eight
countries right now if you really
believe in that quote you'd be calling a
pullout of those eight countries and
you'd be calling to you know decrease
our nine hundred military bases around
the world but no they want to increase
drone strikes they want to bomb eight
different countries they want to keep
the nine hundred military bases they
want to continue to be the world's sole
superpower they want to continue to you
know make apologies for george w bush's
illegal war in iraq which killed minimum
two hundred thousand civilians while at
the same time tweeting about peace the
[ __ ] are you doing now having said all
that do I prefer what's happening now to
the alternative which is the scariest
situation imaginable which is [ __ ]
Mike Pompeo and John Bolton and Mike
Pence and the other neocon [ __ ]
pushing us to actual war oh [ __ ] yeah
I would much rather have Donald Trump
making goofy movie trailers and you know
bowing before dictators and then have
the alternative so you know even though
Donald Trump is 100% being ridiculous
and there's no coherent philosophy
guiding him I'd much rather have this
then then bombs in the air so I'll
[ __ ] take it I'll take it and again I
can't stand the hypocrites on this
you have a lot of you know rachel maddow
a lot of nominally left-wing pundits
screaming about how i can't believe you
gave king kim jeong-hoon a photo up and
then they have these just delusional
statements about how the US has never
treated dictators like this before we we
actively support seventy three percent
of the world's dictatorships and by the
way that means we give them money and we
give them weapons so the case with kim
jong-un is different because it's not
like we're giving him weapons or giving
him subsidies like we do for example
with Saudi Arabia and Israel just to
name two what we're doing is trying to
move away from the brink of war so I'm
totally for talking to dictators to get
us away from the brink of war but I'm
not for actively subsidizing and giving
weapons to dictators see that's the
difference is and they're trying to
conflate it as if it's like the US has
never spoken to dictators before even
though we actively support 73 percent of
the world's dictatorships and so this is
unprecedented but it's also wrong it's
like well no it's not wrong to try to
move away from the brink of war with
anybody that's right that's a good thing
the bad thing is when you actively prop
up monetarily fund dictatorships and
give them weapons and give them support
so even though it's hard to figure out
exactly what's going on here I rather
have this and what the alternative is
and I think that any Democrats who are
trying to position themselves to the
right of Trump on this are making a
grave mistake because that's what's
happening Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
and so many of the Democrats have
released a list of demands about any
potential deal with North Korea and I
think those demands are just stupid like
for example whatever deal they want it
has to be permanent well the Iran deal
wasn't even permanent it was whatever
was ten to twenty years or something
like that that's how long the IAEA can
go in there and
and check with their weapons and and
check their the level of enrichment at
their nuclear plants so you want a
permanent deal and by the way they
wanted them not to just give up their
nuclear weapons they wanted them to give
up all their weapons which is not on the
[ __ ] table they need some weapons for
a deterrent to Western aggression and to
[ __ ] in South Korea that's not me saying
Kim Jong Un's a good guy that's just me
saying let's be realistic about the the
world as it exists you don't get to
demand absolutely everything and have no
concessions and so the many Democrats
are position positioning themselves to
the right of Donald Trump which is a
[ __ ] terrible idea so ultimately even
though I don't think Trump really knows
what he's doing by the way he gave up he
was like oh we want us to stop the
military drills on your border fine I
agree they're provocative and we don't
need to do that now I'm in favor of
stopping those military drills but it is
true that the way he did it was really
clumsy and like shooting from the hip
and almost classic Trump which is just
like having verbal diarrhea and
accidentally you know saying things you
shouldn't say and he's unable to keep
his cards close to his chest he has no
there is no strategy he's just a
bumbling fool so you know he kind of
gave away a lot of stuff now again I'm
fine with that because I don't think
North Korea is even a threat so I'm fine
with even any token concession on North
Korea's party even if they don't
denuclearize I'd still be in favor of a
deal to be honest now the end the
mainstream in mainstream media you're
not allowed to say that you're paying to
some sort of kook fringe figure but the
difference is I'm actually acknowledge
that acknowledging the real geopolitical
situation which is there not an
offensive threat they're just not they
know that their country is an at on the
world stage and their military budget is
37 cents in a pop tart and they're
[ __ ] people are starving they're not
going to poke the beast they're not
going to attack South Korea because they
know if they attack the South Korea we
attack them and South Korea attacks them
so you know there is a level here of
realism that we're dealing with in North
Korea so since they're not an actual
threat and really that the the real
threat is us toppling them as we've
shown I mean we toppled Saddam Hussein
we topple Gaddafi even after he gave
his weapons since that's the reality I'm
in favor of any deal you know hey give
me some some token concession about oh
we're not gonna do any more missile
tests or you could take away this one
nuclear site okay that's fine and then a
return you on sanctions relief yeah you
want us to stop doing [ __ ] exercises
on your border yeah I don't think we
should be doing those exercises in the
first place so um I'll take it what's
going on here but I also want to be
crystal clear that you know the
Republicans will try to portray this as
like Oh Donald Trump is a genius and
what he's doing is making a deal and
it's really well thought out and he's
playing chess and not checkers and I'm
here to say the [ __ ]
is not only not playing chess he's not
even playing checkers he doesn't know
how to play chess or checkers he's just
kind of bumbling around but again at the
end of the day if that ends up with any
kind of loose peace deal I'm totally
fine with it
so what a weird situation man and by the
way Dennis Rodman was in Singapore at
the same time that they were having this
meeting and Dennis Rodman went on CNN
and was speaking about the deal and I
just couldn't get my mind around the
fact that imagine imagine trying to tell
somebody in like 2005 what the future
holds like oh by the way in 2018 [ __ ]
Donald Trump is gonna be the president
and Dennis Rodman is going to be on CNN
talking about the political implications
of a peace deal with North Korea nobody
would believe you nobody would believe
you nobody would believe you but that's
the state of our politics today which
shows you that there are a lot of
problems I mean maybe we're a little too
celebrity obsessed as a country to say
the least but yeah very very weird
situation unfolding and I can't wait to
get to the stories where I'm gonna lay
out for you in great detail how
virtually every mainstream pundit on the
left and the right is a massive
hypocrite over what's happening here
