and we are back Glen's computer just
died on us at the last second there but
he's back it was literally three seconds
after she went off you came back so we
just missed it okay where was I
so my next question is he has said he
seemed open to the idea of if not just
flat out in support of theocracy so do
you think he will implement you know
theocratic policies yeah I mean I think
you know we discussed earlier why I
don't like the comparison to Trump and
one reason is is that he comes from this
kind of old-school cold war
anti-communism ideology whereas the
modern all right is more concerned with
alleged dangers of immigrants from
Muslim countries and African countries
and the like that tends to be their
focus but a second reason is that a
major part of Bal senarios political
appeal and political ideology and
identity is this evangelical fanaticism
that has taken over large parts of
Brazilian politics and political life
and even though Trump kind of nods to
that I mean it's not really a major part
of his worldview where is Boston ro
absolutely has relied upon this very
fanatical religious retrograde political
movement that cares almost entirely
about religious and social issues and so
I think that you know he said things
like in the religious context the
minority has to bow to the majority and
he's obsessed with Israel in part
because of kind of militaristic reasons
but also because of the standard
evangelical religious reasons he went to
Israel and was baptized there so yeah
there's definitely going to be major
social issues that are religious and
moral istic in nature that are gonna be
part of this agenda because that's a
major part of what he featured in this
campaign will he cut economic program
safety net programs for the poor so this
is one of the big question marks is
because and I think this has been part
of some of the misunderstanding about
Boston are aware
getting claimed kind of like it gets
claimed with Trump that this narrative
that people were suffering economically
and voted for him for that reason
doesn't work because it was rich
segments of the country that voted for
wall scenario and it is true the rich
segments of the country voted for both
scenario but in Brazil only a tiny
percentage of the population can be
classified as rich no matter how broadly
you wanted to find that term the vast
majority people are poor by any measure
so there is a serious question mark
about how far you can go in cutting
safety net social programs in a
population where roughly 60 to 70
percent of the people are barely above
the subsistence level and need those
programs in order to survive and maybe
another 10 to 15 percent rely on them to
just stay kind of hovering around the
poverty line to what extent will they
tolerate cutting deeply into social
programs before they're serious social
unrest meaning like real instability I
mean that's the thing is that bowls Naro
has a lot of popular support behind him
but brazil is a huge country of 210
million people it is a country that is
very well armed in terms of the favelas
the slums where ball Cynara wants to go
and unleash the military and the police
to just indiscriminately kill people and
the thing that would probably caused
instability more than anything else is
cutting some of these social programs
that the Workers Party implemented and
kind of got people attached to and
dependent upon so how far his economic
guru Paulo Gettys can actually go how
much the Congress is going to be willing
to risk reelection in order to take away
programs from the poor remains to be
seen the main thing they want to do is
what they call pension reform which is
kind of just like cutting Social
Security you know retired people who no
longer work depend upon these payments
it's I think 25% of the national budget
that's the thing they really have their
eye on first the idea of taking away
what I described earlier is bolsa
família or some of these really and you
know small but necessary and type-r
programs that's gonna take a much bigger
haul to make the population swallow so
the first thing the first big test is
whether Paul Gettys and Wilson REO can
cut pensions that people you know have
worked their whole lives in order to
earn and be vested it I'll be interested
to see if he'll be as brazen as the
right in the US on this front because
one of the things that's fascinated me
is their ability to just flat-out lie
I'm talking about the Republicans in the
US and you know like Trump for example
has been out there saying oh the
Republicans are gonna protect your
pre-existing conditions we're not going
to take away your protection for your
pre-existing conditions and he's saying
that at the exact same time that his
administration is involved in a lawsuit
to try to take away protections for
pre-existing conditions so I'm very
curious yeah he's actually he's actually
been not only hasn't been saying we're
protecting he's saying the Democrats are
trying to take away preconditions and
we're the ones fighting to protect
though it's it's genuinely amazed by his
ability to just say whatever he wants
and just have no connection to reality
and get away with it almost because he
just makes it so that there's always a
counter-narrative
whatever the fact checkers or whatever
you want to call him on on CNN say he
can always say well they have a terrible
track record fake news I'm the one
that's telling you the truth and then
all of a sudden it becomes a 50/50
proposition so I'm curious to see if the
the rise of the right around the world
reflects that or if it's gonna be you
know if maybe Bolton our will take a
hands-off approach when it comes to
social programs for more practical
reasons like you just laid out final
question on bowls tomorrow is he
famously said that he would kill thirty
thousand of his political opponents do
you think that's true and if so I mean
you're in left-wing circles does that
scare you
whoa I mean the entire Bowl scenario
rise is frightening to anybody in public
political life who's not part of his
movement and you know not only I mean
four months ago Bowles nor I went on
Twitter and personally attacked me with
an epithet used for gay people basically
the equivalent of a [ __ ] my husband is
an elected official with the left-wing
socialist party piece all that kind of
broke off from PT when it became too
neoliberal and ran to its left
and the person who stabbed Wilson ro the
month before the election and almost
killed him was a member of peace all up
until 2013 so he blames my husband's
party for his stabbing my husband serves
in the Rio de Janeiro City Council with
Bolton our son who's an elected official
all three of his sons are one of them is
a city council member in Rio de Janeiro
and my husband currently as a petition
pending to remove Carlos Bolton ro from
the city council chamber because he
posted pictures threatening peaceful
protesters against his father using
pictures of torture so sure we've had
very direct personal confrontations with
him there's a evangelical pastor who is
a billionaire who bought and has grown
the second largest media conglomerate in
Brazil that was solidly behind both
scenario called hoards that in the month
leading up to the election began digging
into my past my husband's past people at
the intercept Brazil's past were like
the financial transactions of the
parents of our editors and reporters
because of the anti ball scenario
reporting we've been doing so
yeah when someone gets elected to the
presidency who has been spending the
last thirty years talking about the need
to slaughter political dissidents and
when he specifically praises the very
people who in the 1970s and 80s closed
media outlets arrested journalists
tortured them disappeared them and
killed them that's a risk that I pay
attention to and take seriously at the
same time Brazil now is a country that
has been democratic for 33 years and
there's a whole generation of editors
and journalists and judges and military
members and members of Congress steeped
in the idea that democratic principles
matter and I think that it's not going
to be so easy to just steamroll over
everything the way he might like to do
so I don't want to be you know gullible
and blind and just closed my eyes to
risks that are coming because they're
too unpleasant to face but I also don't
want to be panicky and hysterical and
kind of gloomy you have to calibrate
those risks life is never free of risk
but there's no question that junior Bowl
scenario is a serious menace to the
right of dissent to a free press to
basic democratic principles and to human
rights he's portrayed himself explicitly
as such has a 30-year record of
demonstrating that he means it and I
believe that he does um and so unlike
Trump who says a lot of things sometimes
to be provocative sometimes to get
attention sometimes to be manipulative
sometimes to be trolling
and sometimes because he really is that
poisonous inside gyre Boston ro is a
truly hateful ideology
you know like the real deal who was
already part of a military dictatorship
that he wants to restore with him at the
helm and so yeah I think that those
dangers ought to be taken seriously and
not just dismissed as playful rhetoric
okay last question and that was that's
heavy what you just hit me with they're
terrifying to be honest while I have you
here I have to ask you what's your take
on the Trump presidency to this point I
mean I think that by and large Trump has
proven to be what he said he was gonna
be and what we all saw that he was
during the campaign I don't really think
there's many things that have been
surprising he has presided over an
economy that not really due to him but
nonetheless has been thriving from the
standard metrics that people who talk
about those things used to evaluate the
economic success of presidencies
it's obviously not a good economy to be
a worker in wages are horrible working
conditions are terrible but I'm talking
about things that people who are in
Washington and used to evaluate
presidencies use like the stock market
like inflation like the unemployment
rate
none of the apocalyptic scenarios about
the US economy that people predicted
have happened he hasn't started any new
Wars
and he certainly intensified bombing
campaigns in Iraq and Syria but there's
there new Wars that he started he hasn't
started a war with Iran he hasn't yeah a
war yeah I mean he all you can do is you
know say what has happened up until this
point sure you know in IRA mean a year
ago he was trading nuclear war threats
with Kim Jong gun on Twitter and that's
a bright but he said he's about to bring
us into nuclear war and then the
criticism turn around in became oh he's
soft in North Korea that was it's a one
area where I actually give Trump quite a
bit of credit even if even if he's just
hands-off and he lets the South Korean
president take the lead for peace I'll
take it right and I mean he's also you
know gone after trade imbalances and
trade inequities that people on the left
for a long time have been complaining
about whether it's NAFTA or the TPP or
China's unfair trade practices that have
harmed the American worker these have
been you know causes on the left for
many years so you know everything you
said about him is true he's a
pathological liar I think that his
government is kleptocratic we're
probably gonna find out about incredibly
significant just graft kind of like
basic crude stealing of public resources
and bribes and the like with Jared
Kushner and Trump and the Trump family
that are still likely to come to light
his integration rhetoric and his
immigration policies have been cruel
though I don't regard them as a
fundamental departure from what Obama
did just worse by degrees and in foreign
policy I think he's been worse in some
cases and then veteran and others so
I'll try to North Korea what's better
well I think he's kept the u.s. largely
out of Syria in a way that I don't think
Hillary Clinton would have done I think
she would have involved the u.s. much
more in the conflict in Syria are
permanently there I mean yes but it's a
question of degree right so Hillary
would have done more she would have gone
she said she said she would write she
committing to things like analyzed we
wouldn't get involved at all but he
still allowed us to be put there and I
don't think he's surviving that I think
it's more our generals but he was like
whatever do what you want to do very
well and yeah I just think that Hillary
I mean Hillary was I think that in a lot
of ways Trump's foreign policy is a
continuation of Obama's and I think that
you know if you look at his efforts to
try and reduce tensions with Russia you
know the Doomsday Clock is two minutes
before midnight for two principal
reasons one of which is climate change
that he is severely exacerbated in a
devastating way by pulling out of the
Paris Accords and just refusing to
recognize it as a problem but the other
is the threat of nuclear war primarily
between the US and Russia so anything
that pulls down tensions between the two
countries that considered to be a
positive although he just announced his
intention to pull out of a serious New
Bern arms deal so you know I guess what
I'm saying is there are a lot of
horrible things to his administration
the realignment of the u.s. toward even
further toward the sort of Saudi Emirati
Israeli axis and you can put Russia in
there too and then his linkage to you
know he just recently spoke to ball
scenario we've been talking about in
Boston our worship its Trump and Trump
therefore likes Paulson our oh he's kind
of orienting himself toward these kind
of dangerous nationalistic movements is
also I think really disturbing but if he
but if you ask me for the big picture I
would say that in more or less adheres
to what I think he said he was gonna do
what he presented himself as being and
what if in January 2017 you asked me
what I thought it would be more or less
is what I would lay out I don't think
there have been very many surprises or
very many apocalyptic disasters of a
historic nature it's a pretty low bar
but I guess that's what I could say so
on on the issue of trade that you
mentioned early on there you're I think
you're referencing the NAFTA 2.0 D the
US MCA or whatever they're referring to
it as is that way yes yeah just so just
I think generally about the idea that
there are trade agreements that have
been bad for the American worker which
has been a prong of left-wing orthodoxy
for many decades anti-nafta anti TPP
objecting to World Trade Organization
and practices of China
I actually think questioning the value
of NATO in the wake of the collapse of
the Soviet Union the original threat for
which it was originally constructed and
conceived is a legitimate and positive
and healthy thing to be challenging so
you know I think that it's a very mixed
bag I mean I don't think he's
renegotiating NAFTA in a way that's
positive for the American worker and I
don't mean to suggest at all that that's
true but I do think that a lot of these
international organizations institutions
and conventions that are declared
sacrosanct and unquestionable by
official Washington including the
members of both parties are things that
need to be kicked and questioned and
scrutinized and challenged and open to
at least discussion about whether
they're really serving the needs of the
people whose needs they're supposed to
be serving and I think by opening up
those debates that otherwise would
remain closed he's doing some kind of an
intentional service yeah I agree with
that and I think that he's led me down
in the sense that not that I ever
thought he was gonna be great in the
first place but like when it couldn't
when I look at Obama I think he had an
anti-establishment mandate when he was
elected in 2008 coming off the george w
bush's time in office and we reached as
thomas frank says we reached a turning
point america and we didn't really turn
he wasn't like a new FDR he was more
like a Bill Clinton type character so he
had this anti-establishment mandate and
he kind of blew it now Trump I feel the
same way he also had an
anti-establishment mandate and you
pointed out how he's questioning things
that should be questioned even though
the establishment says you shouldn't
question them like NATO for example like
our trade deals but I feel the same with
Trump that like even with the rhetoric
being positive on trade like the new
NAFTA is very similar to the old NAFTA
with maybe one or two provisions tweaked
and you know then there's a giant
giveaway to Big Pharma in there and it's
it's unfortunately doubling down on many
of the status quo problems that we saw
in the first place but like you
mentioned with Saudi Arabia and Israel
how we're doubling down on our
connection to them and you know look
what I mean is that I think they're kind
of two trumps right when we talk about
the like Donald Trump and the Trump
presidency one Trump is the kind of just
in the daily insanity of the stuffy
tweets Polizzi towels like the totally
reality deprived statements he issues is
just kind of the circus that he
purposely creates and places himself as
its ringmaster so that he can be the
center of media attention which is the
thing he loves most then there's the
kind of policy apparatus and oftentimes
if not in the majority of cases what's
being done on a policy level has very
little to do with and sometimes is
actually the opposite of what's being
said and done in the realm that our eyes
are constantly being diverted to which
is the trunk on Twitter and the Trump
who just constantly draws attention to
himself and in that realm the realm of
policy I think Trump is in many ways a
continuation of what Obama was doing and
more often than not is just a
continuation of what the Reagan and and
the bush one administration's work in
terms of dismantling the system of
regulations putting reactionaries on the
Supreme Court you know even this whole
obsession now and heading towards the
midterm with the caravan and sending the
troops to the border this is classic
Karl Rove you know this is Karl Rove
putting gay marriage amendments on the
ballot to draw all the evangelical
voters out and turning the election into
a cultural war with utterly
inconsequential for the majority of the
population distractions about social
issues that's all he's doing is it's a
political tactic so if you kind of
ignore Trump the two
and Trump the trumpet ear and look at
Trump the Trump administration the
policy apparatus I think it's much more
normal and much more of a continuation
of a combination of Obama and Reagan
Bush than it is some wild deviation
there are some mild some wild deviations
that are isolated some of them are good
most of them are bad but in general I
think the huge US policy apparatus that
kind of operates separate and
