so the hosts on the view got into a
debate about Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
and you know more broadly about
democratic socialism and social
democracy and the way that this debate
unfolded absolutely made my day I mean I
was cheesing from ear to ear when I
finished watching this clip so Joy Behar
legitimately looks like she's been
listening to secular talk because she
did exactly what I've been screaming at
people on the left to do when presented
with these talking points from the right
so let's take a look and then I'll break
it down
isn't democratic socialism very close to
liberalism I mean now think about it for
a second medicare social security guards
collection the post office and I asked
her this question about what do you mean
by being a Democratic Socialist and she
went over her platform
she says Medicare for all good fully
funded public schools and universities
love it paid family and sick leaves
justice system reform immigration
justice infrastructure overhaul clean
campaign finance an economy of peace
housing as a human right well I don't
know
by the way I hope Democrats do run a
democratic socialism we win duel because
I think you lose spectacularly and then
I will look forward to election night
when I finally get to tell everybody I
told you so he ends up running a radical
problem with socialism in the words of
Margaret Thatcher at a certain point you
run out of spending other people's money
Venezuela one of richest countries in
the world in the 70s now the average
Venezuelan has lost 24 pounds because
they're starving to death 90 percent I
think country - goodnight I think she's
talking more about Scandinavia than
Venezuela but I'm sorry I need this is
what I need from her name one country
the socialism has ever worked and also
every - every democratic socialist copan
was going on TV saying that it's good
needs to start paying 90% in taxes yes
yes yes yes yes that's it
that's it that's all I've been asking
for people on the left to do from the
beginning here so they read her platform
on air that's [ __ ] awesome that's
exactly what we want and by the way
people on the right are just walking
right into this trap they have no idea
what they're doing there was an article
in The Daily Caller from somebody who
went to an Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
rally and she wrote about how it's easy
to see how you can be seduced by the
idea that your kid deserves health care
and an education I'm not kidding she
wrote that down and a living wage - she
said oh it's easy to see how people who
don't know better can think a living
wage is a good idea
what so she is now Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes broke the brains of the right so
thoroughly that they are now openly
arguing against the idea that if if you
work full-time you should make enough
money to survive see that's the thing is
that with these weak and corrupt
Democrats of yesteryear the Hillary
Clinton wing Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi
all those people they were always just
falling over themselves to agree with
Republicans their Republican light their
corporatists their neo liberals so you
have no
you mean when you I'm like the other guy
except a little bit nicer but I'm like
the other guy that there's that's not
appealing to anybody but if you take a
stand on issues that you believe in and
you know you're right because they're
common-sense issues living wage medicare
for all free college and the wars
legalize marijuana you are then forcing
the right to respond to those things and
when they respond to those things with
the deeply unpopular positions they hold
you win they're arguing against the
living wage do you realize how [ __ ]
crazy that is 80% of the American people
want to raise the minimum wage so now
they read her platform on air thank you
that's all I could ever ask because as
soon as people hear that the reaction
joy behar was giving is the exact
reaction that any reasonable human being
would give okay I like that I like that
one or two I like that one too I like to
have one too listen even if you disagree
with one or two of the things in their
platform you're gonna agree with like
over 90 percent of it even if you're
somebody who thinks you're a
conservative you're gonna go okay that
makes all right that makes sense okay
that one too so that helps so much by
going directly to the issues reading one
by one that thing's on the platform then
they go from you know she says well if
you go by the platform democratic
socialism is pretty close to liberalism
now I know people who are deep political
walks might look at that and go no
that's left is omits not liberalism
there's a distinction we have to talk
about that distinction but listen the
reality is what alexandria Ocasio Cortez
represents what Bernie Sanders
represents with justice Democrats
represent with these populist left
candidates represent it really is what
Democrats should have been all along New
Deal Democrats so yes it's what they
should have been representing all along
so it's what one half of the political
spectrum should have been pushing from
day one and never stop pushing so in
that sense yes it is close to liberalism
because it's what they should have been
doing every step of the way
from the beginning they just abandon
that so that point is actually true like
oh it's isn't this like really just kind
of common sense stuff and exactly what
the left and and liberals should have
been pushing for all along and then
again listen the whole the whole crux of
this debate here it all starts with a
straw man because when
Ocasio Cortez or Bernie sander they say
we're democratic socialists again if you
go by their policy proposals they're
run-of-the-mill Social Democrats so in
other words they're not arguing for the
the social ownership of the means of
production now you might be in favor
that fine that's that's fine but that's
not what they believe what they believe
is explicit and it's social democracy
now they call themselves democratic
socialists ok so I guess that label is
evolving to one extent or another but
let's just be clear about the
distinctions here and by the way DSA
also now has come out and said we
consider ourselves a big ten-four
socialists so if you are in favor of the
social ownership of the means of
production fine you have a home here but
if you are in favor of the scandinavian
model welfare state ism social democracy
you're welcome here as well and that's
what their philosophy happens to be so
when they say democratic socialism and
then they lift lists off the things that
are not post capitalist but just within
a capitalist framework much further to
the left well that that's an accurate
depiction of where Alexandria Castrol
Cortez and Bernie Sanders happen to fall
on the spectrum now I find it hilarious
when Meghan McCain says at a certain
point you run out of other people's
money quoting Margaret Thatcher when
Thatcher argued and socialism Meghan
McCain your dad is worth hundreds of
millions of dollars and your dad is
worth hundreds of millions because
apparently your mom it was a beer
heiress so you're about to get a
tremendous amount of inherited wealth
that you did Dickie mcgee-zax for the
only reason you're even on this show is
because of your last name you pampered
little prick so for you to take it to
argue against uh people shouldn't have
their basic needs met unbelievable they
haven't even worked for it when your
whole life is just a red carpet of
privilege you need to www.engvid.com son
cuz that is unbelievable I mean the lack
of self-awareness is record-breaking
it's unbelievable it's really just
insane okay and then finally Joy Behar
nailed it
listen if you are on the right and
you're
bottle to Alexandria Ocasio Cortez or
Bernie Sanders or the Justice Democrats
or whoever it may be you know people who
are now running if your rebuttal
involves referencing the Soviet Union
Venezuela or Cuba you have no rebuttal
because that's a straw man nobody in
justice Democrats Alexander L Castro
Cortez Bernie Sanders no not fully none
of them have said I believe in a
post-capitalist philosophy
I support the Venezuelan system none of
them said that so why are you bringing
it up you're bringing up because you
don't have an actual response you don't
have a rebuttal so you have to strawman
and then knock down the straw man which
is why Joy Behar
accurately points out and that is well
things cost a lot and things are going
really poorly and that's why this is so
terrible I can't believe she's arguing
for a Venezuelan system and she calmly
says I'm pretty sure she's arguing more
for a Scandinavian type system than for
a Venezuelan type system and megan
mccain cuz she's incapable of listening
because she has a cinderblock for a head
keeps going as if there wasn't a
rebuttal to her point right there it
says what she needs to do is name at
least one country where this philosophy
has worked and then you [ __ ] Joy
Behar nailed you to the wall because
she's like oh how about I give you 46
countries where this philosophy has
worked Norway Denmark Iceland Sweden and
she just goes on and it's like oh okay
there you go there's the answer and I
vote listen even if you you are further
to the left than I am or then aligator
Ocasio cortezes you have to have an
answer the the point of well we haven't
had the ability to implement this
anywhere yet but obviously it would work
if you give it a chance that's not a
good response cuz that's the same
[ __ ] libertarians say oh we haven't
had a perfect libertarian system
implemented so you can't really point to
okay that's the same [ __ ] communists say
well it wasn't really communism it was
it wasn't implemented properly you have
to have just a clear-cut empirical
answer isn't that right there Oh
Sweden there name a place to work Sweden
that's it that's it
question answered flip it right back on
them empirically when you go to the day
it's true that these countries do
significantly better than we do in
almost every relevant area whether it's
health care life expectancy
self-reported happiness vacation time
you know climbing the the economic
ladder social mobility so you have to
have that cut and dry answer ready and
she did and she did and then that's why
everybody was laughing at Megan McCain
and everybody was cheering for Joy Behar
and then towards the end there
you heard Megan McCain again another
straw man what I want everybody was fill
out your taxes and give 90 percent of
your money to well well hold on hold on
hold on 90 percent tax rate well number
one there was a time in US history
during the Golden Age of economic
expansion as they called it under
Eisenhower where the top the top
marginal tax rate that word marginal is
very important by the way was
ninety-three percent so the US had that
now that was just the nominal rate
that's not what's called the effective
rate so they weren't really paying 93
percent but on paper it was 93 percent
the effective rate was more like 43
percent when you add in all the
loopholes and all the deductions and all
that stuff but the marginal rate means
it only kicks in over a certain point so
it might even be the case okay your
first five million is taxed at a much
lower rate but if you make more than
five million after that it's taxed at 90
percent and then you again you have to
add in deductions and loopholes and then
boom it goes all the way down to 40
percent or 50 percent or whatever it is
the rich are not oppressed
they're gonna be [ __ ] fine but what
she does is she straw man xanax like
under a social democratic system what
you're gonna have is regular people who
make $35,000 a year paying ninety
percent of their money in taxes that is
nothing but a giant lie that's what that
is they have no real rebuttal so they
lie they don't even try to make a
distinction between a marginal tax rate
and a tax rate and an income tax rate
because they want to blur the lines and
they want to confuse you and they want
to mislead you because if they're being
honest and upfront about what they're
arguing against they can't win the
argument so they act like you know
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez wants to raise a
[ __ ] plumber's tax rate to 90%
[ __ ] made-up made-up and grossly
made-up at that so I that went really
well because Joy Behar really held her
own you know I've had huge disagreements
with her in the past if I'm not mistaken
I think she was more Pro Hillary Clinton
and Bernie Sanders which is like whoa
what do you do enjoy that's crazy but
here I mean she really redeemed herself
here because that's exactly how I would
recommend responding to people on the
right who love to strawman love to trot
out Venezuela love to trot out the
Soviet Union a dumbass Republican
Congressmen the other day brought up
North Korea to respond to Ocasio Cortez
and Bernie so listen this is all they
have they this is all they have all they
have are disgusting straw men of what
we're arguing for and when they drop the
straw men it gets even worse for them
because like I said then you get like
that Daily Caller article when they just
explicitly argue against a living wage
and giving people health care okay we
win either way whether you strawman us
we win because you look ridiculous or
whether you explicitly lay out what were
for and then mock it we win because you
don't have a coherent logical argument
against what we're arguing for you just
have scorn it's easy to see how one can
fall for a living wage idea okay where's
your point where's your argument you
have no argument you just like I'm
against it and I'm gonna write it down
okay well you're still helping us
because people gonna read that and go
you haven't made a point against it
you've just laid out that there for a
living wage thank you now I like those
people more they can't beat us they
can't beat us when we actually lay out
our ideas and our philosophy and do it
in a clear way and again if you're ever
presented with somebody who tries to
strawman you don't let him get away with
it
don't let him define you don't fall into
the trap either
because oftentimes what happens is
people try to go no I don't it's not
that I'm a agree with Venezuela but I'm
going to now defend Venezuela and it's
okay to point out the fact that they're
under economic seas they're under
economic warfare with sanctions from the
most powerful country that ever existed
so that definitely in count in part
accounts for why they're in the position
they're in but you don't have to go
above and beyond in defending something
you don't actually believe in now if you
do believe in it okay well then you're
in a position where you gonna have to
defend it
but you know somebody like myself I
don't believe in that system I don't
have to defend that system I don't
believe in the Soviet Union I don't have
to defend this over Union I don't
believe in the Cuban system hours I
defend the Cuban system I only have to
defend what I actually believe in and I
believe in a social democratic system I
believe in the Scandinavian model I
believe in welfare state ISM so okay I
could defend that and I can easily
defend that because it works and because
all the empirical evidence points in
that direction so don't let them off the
hook don't let them strawman you and
that's exactly what Joy Behar did there
and they're gonna keep losing this
debate and keep looking ridiculous
because like I said they have no real
rebuttal
