Rachel Maddow has really really really
gone off the deep end
with her conspiracy mongering so Donald
Trump went to North Korea recently and
you know he did this ridiculous summit
and in my mind listen it's better than
the alternative I'd rather have Donald
Trump be a silly human being and make
even a half-assed deal with North Korea
to avert war than actually getting into
war I mean we have Mike Pompeo and John
Bolton and all these ultra Hawks in the
administration so I'll take anything
that's not war so I'm actually happy
that this summit happened even though
the optics of it are ridiculous and all
that stuff but on MSNBC and with their
number-one host Rachel Maddow know you
to be to have a principled stance in
favor of peace is too boring and you
know too principled so she of course is
gonna weave this wild ridiculous theory
here and make an ass of herself look at
her breakdown of what's going on at this
of it has a tiny little sniglet of a
border with a third country there
there's only one crossing over that
border it's a bridge it is a bridge you
cannot walk across nor can you drive
across it you can only take a train
across it it's the one crossing on that
border between North Korea in that third
country if you take that train which
doesn't come very often if you take that
train across that bridge from North
Korea and they let you cross that border
where you end up in is Russia the North
Korean dictator and the North Korean
government appear to have not promised
change of any kind in their nuclear
program or in any other policy litoris
literally they gave up nothing they
promised nothing in exchange for that
generous offer President Trump gave
North Korea this royal wedding style
summit in which North Korea was billed
as a nation equal in stature to the
United States
and the North Korean dictator was billed
as an international leader equal in
stature to the President of the United
States as a bonus the president also
threw in literally hours of unwavering
over-the-top praise for the North Korean
dictator and his repeated insistence
that it was his honor as president of
the United States to have the
opportunity to meet with the dictator
and then surprise president Trump
announced when it was all over that he
would end the joint military exercises
between the u.s. and South Korea what if
he is actually ordering an end to these
joint military exercises between the
u.s. and South Korea that is an absolute
jackpot for the North Korean dictator
that is one of the things that he wants
most on earth that he and his father and
his grandfather have been trying to get
for decades and now trauma has
apparently just given it to them in
exchange for nothing
Russia has just this tiny little border
11 mile long border with North Korea
with one crossing on a train and they've
got a troubled and varied history over
the decades with that country but Russia
is also increasingly straining at its
borders right now and shoving back US
and Western influence especially US and
Western military presence anywhere near
what it considers to be its own
geopolitical interests and one of the
things that they have started to loudly
insist on is that the u.s. dropped those
joint military exercises with South
Korea the US has kept those going as a
pillar of u.s. national security
strategy for almost 70 years now until
last night when Trump casually announced
that that's over now he's doing away
with those blindsided everybody involved
and gave North Korea something they
desperately want and would do almost
anything for except he gave it to him
for free how come her brain is broken I
mean she has become the hack of all
hacks and I take no pleasure in saying
this there was a time when Rachel Maddow
appeared to be somewhat principled I
remember when Obama was president early
in his time in office and he actually
escalated the Afghanistan war she did a
segment where she called him out for
escalating the Afghanistan war and said
what are you doing you ran as the
nominal peace candidate and now you're
getting us more entrenched in a war
where perhaps we shouldn't have even
gone in in the first place I mean we all
get going to get bin Laden but staying
there when there's less than a hundred
al-qaeda operatives in Afghanistan which
is the reality of the situation I mean
there was a time when she did that and
she appeared to be somewhat principled
now it looks like she's just got off the
rails on purpose and she's done it for
ratings
she has become left-wing Glenn Beck she
has become left-wing Sean Hannity so
look at the argument that she's making
there first of all let's start with the
you know hand wringing over the idea of
praising a dictator that is that is
literally a Fox News talking point when
Obama met with Cuba when Obama met with
Iran and remember Obama said I'll meet
with them without preconditions now why
did he say that he said that because he
was on on the issue of Korea on the
issue of Iran he wanted peace or excuse
me on the issue of Iran and Cuba he
wanted peace so people on the Left
rightly understood yeah that's what you
do if you want to make peace and you
don't want war you talk to people who
are your enemies because the alternative
is the opposite of talking doing
violence and reasonable people are not
in favor of violence so when Obama did
that everybody on the left rightly was
like oh what a leader negotiating with
Iran to get some sort of peace deal
negotiating with Cuba to get some sort
of peace deal now Donald Trump and
albeit not because of any consistent
philosophical position not because he's
a really smart guy or a reasonable guy
or empathetic guy or anything like that
no he just kind of you know stumbled his
way into whatever the [ __ ] is going on
in North Korea and I like what's
happening a lot better than the
alternative but no because she is just
bathed in anti-trump ISM and it she has
become a left-wing reaction
now all the sudden she's acting like oh
he praised a dictator
Rachel how about the fact that
seventy-three percent of the world's
dictatorships we give money and weapons
to we actively support now in the case
of North Korea we don't support them the
talking to them is with the goal in mind
of getting away from the brink of
nuclear war and trying to denuclearize
them so I'm in favor of talking to
dictators and talking to anybody if the
end goal is let's not have war what I'm
not in favor of is giving money and
weapons and support to dictatorships but
see that's the thing she has nothing to
say about the active support we give to
dictatorships and to authoritarian
regimes but she is just outraged uh you
gave a photo-op to a dictator to Kim
Jong hoon that's unbelievable that's how
diplomacy works I mean goddamn it man
now again I'm not saying Donald Trump is
doing this because he has a principled
stance in favor of peace and doing the
right thing I think it's more likely
he's doing it because of some knee-jerk
reaction arey anti-obama ISM and Obama
wasn't able to get some sort of peace
deal with North Korea so he's just doing
the opposite of whatever Obama did they
say look tremendous I'm not like him I
did the opposite isn't that unbelievable
so I'm not saying his motives are pure
but if we end up in a situation where we
have no war and we have even some
half-assed peace deal I'll [ __ ] take
it
but she can't admit that because she's a
goddamn hack if Donald if we lived in an
alternate universe and Donald Trump and
the Republicans came out tomorrow and
said Medicare for all that's what we're
gonna do Rachel Maddow would have a long
rambling rant about how you know who
else has universal health care Russia
and Vladimir Putin oh that's why he
wants Medicare for all now we any smart
person needs to be against Medicare for
all she's just a hack man she's just a
hack so the praise of dictator line is
just I mean that's just as sad as it
gets and by the way there are a lot of
people who are like dogs gonna just you
know have a Pavlovian response and not a
long bill oh yeah totally
share a border with Russia again if it
was Obama who did the exact same thing
everybody on the left the left would
support it everybody on the right would
oppose it now because it's Trump that
did it
everybody's a partisan hack I mean all
the right-wing pundits like peace I love
peace never supported peace before all
the left wing pundits are like blah
obviously you can't praise a dictator
and Russians has something to do with
this right yeah okay and then here's the
the heart of the story believe it or not
the Russia conspiracy mongering isn't
even the heart of this story and that's
bad enough because she's a one-trick
pony that's all she has to go back to
there's a zillion things you could
criticize Trump for I know because I do
it okay his tax bill which is just a
giant giveaway to the rich and Wall
Street the fact that he's bombing eight
different countries and he's doing it
right now the fact that he signed an
executive order that's Pro torture but
she doesn't criticize him over things
that make sense it's just always whoa
let me connect these dots that aren't
even connected to try to make you feel
like you're in on some grand truth that
others are too stupid to get and that
truth is all the president is a
Manchurian Candidate and he's helping
Russia but here's the again the heart of
the story is she is against giving away
as she puts it our war games are
provocative offensive war games on the
border of North Korea she says quote in
exchange for nothing and then she goes
right along with the national security
orthodoxy the Pentagon orthodoxy the
deep state orthodoxy the neocon Warhawk
orthodoxy which is well this is what we
need to do for national security see
North Korea is such an offensive threat
against Nebraska and Kentucky that we
just have to along with South Korea
do [ __ ] provocative wargames right on
their border where we have where we
simulate destroying the country like we
did in the past by the way and killed
hundreds of thousands if not millions of
civilians on purpose in North Korea she
acts like well that's it
obviously we're supposed to keep doing
that I mean everybody did it to this
point all the previous presidents did it
to this point all the other presidents
had [ __ ] nuclear armed submarines
right by North Korea imagine for a
second the roles were reversed and it
was either North Korea or Iran or
anybody for that matter Russia who
decided oh we're just gonna put nuclear
submarines right by I don't know let's
say the border in New York on the east
coast of the US and we'll throw some in
California while we're at it and oh by
the way right in Mexico right on the
border of Texas we're gonna do these
games don't worry about it's not a big
deal but we're just gonna do these games
where we simulate bombing the [ __ ] out
of Washington DC and destroying the
United States how would we view that it
would first of all it wouldn't be a
question it would be unanimous in
mainstream media they'd say Oh offensive
threats of violence against us they
would melt down and say we're going to
war I guess we're going to war and we're
doing it right now but we get to do that
on the border of North Korea and act
like there's no problem here that's just
what we do and this isn't even a threat
it's not a threat we're a country that
just illegally invaded Iraq and toppled
Saddam Hussein and killed minimum
200,000 civilians we're a country that
took weapons away from Gaddafi and then
topple them anyway
we're bombing eight countries right now
we have nine hundred military bases
around the world we have repeatedly
violated international law but we're
allowed to do military exercises on
North Korea's border clear offensive
threats and that's just normal and it's
okay and it's no problem at all see
she's bought into the philosophy and the
framework of the u.s. runs the world and
we get to
whatever we want we're the sole
superpower might makes right she would
ever admit that but that's the framework
she just bought into when she argues
that Trump just gave away you know the
war games in exchange for nothing
hey here's an idea Rachel Maddow how
about the burden was on you to begin
with why we should be doing those in the
first place and he ain't gonna meet that
burden because we're doing it as an
offensive threat against North Korea
that's the whole point of doing it so
I'm of the belief we should have never
been doing them in the [ __ ] first
place
now again did Donald Trump give that
away for you know some sort of
ideological or philosophical belief no
he gave it away because he's a jackass
and he it's falling all over himself and
he's probably just casually in
conversation with Kim jong-un and Kim
jong-un was like hey man could you stop
like threatening us right on our border
he's like all tremendous believe me I
think we're friends now absolutely we'll
do that no problem whatsoever so you
know I think he kind of stumbled into
doing it and by the way the Pentagon and
others are like wait what we we never
heard about this before going into this
so I didn't even know this was on the
table and now all of a sudden this is
the case so everybody was taken
off-guard by this but my whole point is
I don't give a [ __ ] because that's the
correct policy anyway yes we shouldn't
be doing those offensive threats right
on their [ __ ] border and then the
hilarious thing is if anything actually
threatens people's security its that do
you have any idea all they need to do is
misinterpret one of these moves during
these [ __ ] provocative wargames and
then they thinking they're launching in
defense against the US and in South
Korea they could launch against South
Korea because they think oh my god
they're in the middle of attacking us
now they literally don't know they're
like okay is this are they actually
attacking us at this moment or not so
the thing that actually threatens
people's lives are doing these [ __ ]
stupid-ass provocative offensive threats
in the first place so Donald Trump
happens to stumble into the idea that
we're gonna stop doing that in exchange
by the way for denuclearization she says
oh it's in exchange for nothing
no it's for some
I don't know the specifics of it I don't
know if it'll be total denuclearization
or you know getting rid of the
long-range missiles or whatever the case
is but she frames a like nothing was
given away that's not true and she
frames it like well obviously we're
supposed to be doing that no you didn't
even provide a [ __ ] argument as to
why the neocons are right and we should
be doing that we should not be doing
that at all
I don't like Kim jong-un I don't like
North Korea he treats his own people
like absolute garbage there's no denying
that whatsoever but we shouldn't be
threatening an offensive war against
them goddamn it man Rachel Maddow is
just casually buying into the neocon
framework just yeah like of course what
we should do we should [ __ ] threaten
them on a regular basis and then risk
being on the brink of an actual war
because they might misinterpret it as
they're actually we're actually
attacking them such a hack such a hack
such a hack such a hack I mean I can't
it's genuinely disturbing and
heartbreaking what's happened to Rachel
Maddow over the years just understand
she has no principled beliefs about
anything her whole thing is on the left
wing Glenn Beck Oh many conspiracy
monger and by the way she's getting
fantastic ratings number one on the
network so and that's not good because
what she's doing is creating a whole
bunch of zombies who are anti-trump for
the sake of being anti Trump as opposed
to being anti Trump for principled
policy specific reasons listen nobody is
more against Trump than I am every now
and then II apples just happens to
stumble into doing a semi-decent thing
for all the wrong reasons whatever
that's fine why don't you attack him for
the [ __ ] that matters why don't you
attack him for the [ __ ] that'll win the
Democrats elections and make you look
like you actually care about people's
lives and just so you know the entire
mainstream media that's pivoting to
Trump's right and attacking them from
the right on all this stuff totally out
of lockstep with South Koreans South
Koreans who overwhelmingly support this
summit South Koreans who overwhelmingly
want a peace deal even if it's just a
half-assed token peace deal why cuz
they're actually afraid of some sort of
miscommunication leading to a hot war so
you know people whose lives are actually
directly affected by this
totally disagree with Rachel Maddow and
her conspiracy mongering
and her attacking Trump from the right
what's happened her is absolutely
devastating and goddamnit if you take
her seriously at this point I have no
words for you
