what's up [ __ ] has everybody doing
we're doing our third livestream this is
not secular talking smack like it was
the last few times what I'm gonna do is
a as you could tell from the title is a
little preview of what to expect for
Trump's State of the Union so I'll break
that down for you and then however long
that takes I don't know maybe 30 minutes
or so is my guess but could go longer
could go shorter but then perhaps I'll
take some super chats from you guys you
know I should mention that I spoke to
some people about the super chats after
the fact and they were like yeah there's
no way to really guarantee that they all
stay up apparently they go away after
like 2 or 3 minutes which i think is
ridiculous cuz that's like I can't I
just simply can't keep up with that so
anyway I apologize if I missed some
super chats the last time around but you
know if we get to super chat today which
I think we will little later I'll do my
best to answer the questions as fast as
humanly possible and hopefully answer
more of your questions although I'm
pretty sure I'll miss many more so I'll
jump into I'll jump into that in a
second into the breakdown of the State
of the Union I do realize that at this
moment that I'm live I'm competing with
with the Emperor God king known as
Jordan Peterson over on Joe Rogan's
channel so I don't expect as many people
to be listening to this although we have
crop I think we have some crossover fans
myself and Joe Rogan but believe it or
not I think what there's even some
crossover fans between me and Jordan
Peterson which is a little surprising
because you know I'm not the biggest fan
of his and I'm pretty sure he's not the
biggest fan of me so um it's a little
weird that we have crossover fans but
hey whatever to each their own
I am entering on the back end here in
the control room I see that you guys are
chatting away in the live chat that's
wonderful so don't don't hit me with
super chats yet at least at this very
second because if you do I'm gonna miss
it so I'm gonna go ahead and start my
breakdown and I'm gonna tell you guys
exactly what you can expect during Trump
State of the Union now first of all let
me just say even though I despise Trump
with every fiber of my being and he's a
danger to the world and I consider all
that stuff relatively relatively obvious
you can't lie that the idea of a trump
State of the Union is a little bit
exciting I feel dirty and gross saying
that but I really think that's true I
mean the guy is I don't even know the
right word for it he's just a wild man
he seemingly talks off-the-cuff and he's
got that fake straight shooter thing
going on and he certainly generates a
lot of media attention but this I expect
this to be a bonanza okay so first of
all what is what are Trump's main themes
gonna be well it shouldn't surprise you
that probably his biggest theme is gonna
be the market and unemployment this is
something that you know if you follow
him on Twitter you'll realize that it's
basically his response to everything but
his response to pretty much everything
at this point is oh yeah well the
markets doing tremendous believe me the
markets to on unbelievable I have to
just tell you and the unemployment rate
like for example jay-z was criticizing
him over the weekend I did I think he
did an interview on CNN with Van Jones
and you know Trump responded like oh
yeah well the black unemployment rate is
the lowest it's ever been so how about
that unbelievable now what's annoyed me
about this is the response from many
Democrats and the response from people
who are basically neo liberals they
respond by saying oh no you have to give
Obama credit for the
unemployment rate among black people
today and you know I think that they
just fundamentally don't care enough
about the issues to dive deeper into
into something like this but the reality
is the response from people on the Left
when Trump brags about the low
unemployment rate should be the
unemployment rate is not a very good
measure of the health of the economy
it's just not so yes we have a low
unemployment rate today but these are
not high paying jobs so you know this is
what happened with the subprime mortgage
crisis in the Great Recession people
lost higher paying jobs and then when
there was a bounce back first of all
most of the benefits went to the top one
percent in the rebound in the recession
but for everybody else even if they got
a job they got a lower paying job so you
know the idea of like harping away on
the unemployment rate as if that's like
you know oh my god it's so great that
this thing is low no you need the
details as to what exactly are those
jobs and how well are people doing so
the stock market and the unemployment
rate those are not the best economic
indicators of how your average American
is doing in fact there's some of the
worst indicators of how your average
American is doing I'm gonna draw an
analogy here that's gonna sound a little
ridiculous but I'm saying it because
it's true you can have a situation where
you have a 0% unemployment rate you know
how you do that slavery so everybody
who's not working oh we're gonna it's
gonna be forced labor and then you could
turn around and go back
look we don't we don't even have
unemployment in this country isn't that
wonderful no because again what matters
is what are those jobs and unfortunately
the job growth that we've had it's all
in the low-wage it's all in low-wage
industries so it's just sad to see that
the response from Democrats is so weak
it's such a weak response to say oh the
low unemployment rate yeah that's great
but it's Obama who gave us that no stop
the response is you're focusing on the
unemployment rate Donald Trump because
that's the best thing you can
- because you can't account for the fact
that all these jobs are low wage jobs
and income inequality is that a record
high right now so it annoys me that you
know you have this paradigm where people
are responding in an ineffectual way
that actually helps Trump because then
people are gonna roll their eyes and go
okay so we're gonna give Obama credit
for this one Trump's been in for over a
year and he's done different economic
policies so look for Trump to talk about
the unemployment rate he's gonna do that
and look for Trump to brag about the
market my guess is he's gonna bring up
the record a number of or he claims it's
a record number of highs for the Dow
since he's been in office but again
what's the response to this the response
is we're in a [ __ ] bubble we're in a
bubble this isn't real growth so you had
the subprime mortgage crisis in the
Great Recession then the government just
reinflates that bubble they bailed out
Wall Street they did the stimulus and
you haven't had an increase in wages for
the middle class from the 1980s and
onward so we are in a gigantic bubble
people forget that leading up to the
Great Depression
it wasn't like Oh everything is stable
and steady and we're all happy it was oh
my god we're [ __ ] riding a tsunami
wave and the good times are never gonna
end and that's why they called him the
roaring 20s is cuz the market was
booming and everything is great isn't is
awesome and then boom there was a giant
crash stock market crash in 1929
followed by the Great Depression again
you saw similar trends in the 2000s
leading up to the subprime mortgage
crisis in the Great Recession in 2008
we're right back in a gigantic bubble
and it drives me [ __ ] crazy that
again the response from the Democrats is
oh no we need to give Obama credit for
the great economy that we have now no
the answer is it's not a [ __ ] great
economy it's not a great economy you
have corporate profits are at a record
high but again you haven't had an
increase in wages for the middle class
from the 1980s
so don't the problem is the Democrats
always agree to the framework the
Republicans set up and then try to argue
on their grounds
the real answer is you bust up the
framework and say your whole paradigm in
the whole way you're measuring this is
incorrect I don't give a [ __ ] that we're
in a bubble that's a bad thing I'd
rather have steady stable growth where
you have strong unions a living wage and
you have policies that are good for the
workers but no we deregulating like
[ __ ] crazy now going right back to
the same policies that caused the crash
in the first place and so again this is
what Trump's gonna do he's gonna brag
about the market he's gonna brag about
unemployment even though the market is
not an indicator of how your average
person is doing it's an indicator of how
the rich are doing and an indicator of
how corporations are doing and the
unemployment rate that's a misleading
thing to talk about because again
doesn't matter if the unemployment rate
is low but all the jobs are paying a
pathetically low wage which is the exact
situation that we have right now but
again you're not gonna hear a good
response from the Democrats on that
front and the market and unemployment
will be two main things that Donald
Trump talks about he's gonna hammer away
on those issues okay the next thing he's
gonna do is he'll bring up the bonuses
that some companies are paying out as a
result of the tax bill now again this is
massively misleading the Republicans
have a really good PR machine and
marketing machine so they get people to
believe their [ __ ] but the reality
is first of all ninety-eight percent of
workers saw no benefit from Trump's tax
bill and two percent did of those two
percent that did again this is something
you have to dive into the specifics of
for example in the case of AT&T they
said oh it's because of Trump's giant
tax cut that we're gonna give our
workers a bonus well guess what when you
research it you find out no the the
unions negotiated with AT&T to get that
and then after the fact the management
at AT&T goes oh no we're doing this
because of the great tax bill it was
just passed so this is what's called
propaganda you had a hard-fought victory
by the union's but what's given credit
is the far right wing
policies that just hand more money over
to the corporation's another thing is
well over 90 percent of the benefits are
going to stock buybacks so in other
words people who are the executives at
all these different corporations are
taking the benefits of this tax bill and
giving themselves more money that's
that's the gist of it
furthermore we already know that I think
it's 82 percent of the benefits of
Trump's tax bill goes to the top one
percent everybody who makes $75,000 a
year or less will see a net tax increase
over the next ten years
so whatever middle class benefits there
are in the bill are temporary but what's
permanent the corporate tax cut for
example Acuff from 35% to 21% um the
estate tax is another thing the a giant
cut in the estate tax originally they
wanted to eliminate it but they gave a
little bit of ground on that it used to
be if you have five million dollars
worth of wealth or more you get hit by
the estate tax now it's 11 million
dollars or more so this is just it's
just to give away to the rich that's all
it is that's all it is and you have a
giant PR machine on the right that spins
it and tries to pretend like no this is
great for workers well here's a radical
idea if you actually cared about workers
instead of giving the corporations and
the rich money and hoping that it
trickles down to the workers you could
have just done a policy where you gave
the workers the money but they didn't do
that and they didn't do that because
they're not for the workers again it's
there's always all we got to do with the
middleman I've give it to the rich
people and give it to the corporations
and then it will maybe trickle down well
no if you really wanted to give it to
the workers ok make the minimum wage a
living wage that helps a lot do card
check or other pro union legislation
bans so-called right-to-work laws if you
were to do that then you would be giving
the benefits directly to the middle
class you could have done you know you
could have given them a gigantic tax cut
made it permanent but they didn't do
that again you'd net raise taxes on
everybody who make seventy five thousand
dollars a year or less over the next ten
years so what he's gonna do is he's
gonna have really misleading examples
and help you point to a certain
corporation
and say oh my god it everything is so
great and isn't this great for the
workers even though I just gave you the
facts and it's not great for the workers
but I'll have a few misleading examples
and he'll hammer away on those
misleading examples so this is this is
how he's gonna build his case on
economics he's gonna focus on the market
the unemployment rate and the effects of
the tax bill but it will all be skewed
it will all be misleading it'll all miss
the higher picture
I mean imagine that the bigger picture I
should say imagine I mean we live in a
country where half of workers make
thirty thousand dollars a year or less
you're gonna have Trump go out there and
try to make the case like know things
things are actually [ __ ] wonderful
that's and and workers or I mean workers
are really getting help under my
administration that's just complete
naught or nonsense and by the way only
33 percent of the American people even
supported Trump's tax plan even with the
[ __ ] just just tsunami of propaganda
in its favor
i reference tsunamis twice let's try to
go up with a different one i was like
[ __ ] we're going with tsunami okay so
that's his economic case another thing
he's gonna do is he'll he's gonna brag
about isis being defeated what he's not
gonna tell you of course is isis they
actually are in shambles at the moment
but that's not because of the US at all
that's actually because of the Kurds the
the Kurds were on the ground fighting
back against Isis vociferously you have
the Syrian army exact same thing they've
been fighting back against Isis you have
the Iraqi army and you have Shia
militias so Trump is gonna make it so
that the United States takes credit for
hard-fought victories from people in the
region and that is [ __ ] really
frustrating really frustrating because
not only did for example - Deker were
the Kurds largely responsible for what
happened with Isis but now we're sitting
by idly and allowing Turkey to destroy
the same Kurds that just really took it
to ice
it it's infuriating so Washington is
gonna take credit Donald Trump is gonna
take credit and they're gonna bolster
these neocon policies he's gonna make
the case that you know I have destroyed
Isis Isis is in shambles and it is
unbelievable it is tremendous and he'll
be propping up neoconservative policies
in the process arguing that intervention
is good when of course we wasted
trillions of dollars in the Middle East
Trump used to point that out to all we
wasted trillions of dollars why don't we
just rebuild our infrastructure here at
home this is crazy but no now Trump is
bombing he took us from bombing seven
countries to eight countries he
increased drone strikes four hundred and
thirty two percent State Department just
announced the other day we're staying in
Syria indefinitely so he's gonna try to
bolster these interventionist policies
and argue all it's obviously a good
thing look Isis is in shambles don't
talk about the Syrian army don't talk
about them and by the way we also bomb
the Syrian government a few times their
air base if you remember that he's gonna
say don't
he won't mention it but it there will be
a clear argument there of don't give
credit to the Syrian army don't give
credit to the Iraqi army don't give
credit to the Kurds we're gonna take
credit for it and we're gonna use this
as an argument for further intervention
he's also going to and this one is
probably gonna be one of the grosser
parts of the speech although it's all
gross he's gonna talk about people
who've been impacted by gang violence to
justify his immigration policies so and
and he'll use an old trick that
Republicans have used for a while but
he's kind of put front and center a lot
more he's gonna use people who are
Hispanic as and say look they're victims
of gang violence from illegal immigrants
therefore isn't it awesome that we're
doing a massive crackdown on
undocumented immigrants that's the
argument that's gonna be made and I know
that because they I think it was NBC
News released a list of people who Trump
invited to the speech through he's gonna
point to you know how this is what
presidents do they'll give their say the
Union appoint 200 and this person and
they tell a little story anecdote about
that person and then everybody collapse
and that he's gonna do that with people
of color
who had an experience where a loved one
or something was murdered or hurt by
another undocumented immigrant and the
underlying argument is going to be we
really should be deporting all these
undocumented immigrants as a result of
the fact that some of them are criminals
and of course he will never acknowledge
and people on the right never
acknowledge the fact that not just
immigrants but also undocumented
immigrants a lower percentage of them
are criminals than the population this
is that amazing because you hear
oftentimes these arguments coming from
people like Trump like oh yeah I mean
the only reason we're against them is
because the [ __ ] they're bad people
and they're criminals that's why we're
against and we got some bad hombres here
but they'll never talk about the macro
statistics on the fact that the u.s.
population in general there are more
criminals among citizens than immigrants
and undocumented immigrants so you know
what they're gonna do it's it's cheap
demagoguery and of course he would never
bring up the fact that if you really
want to stop gang violence you end the
drug war if you end the drug war I mean
that is a [ __ ] machete to the throat
of criminal activity in the United
States because if you legalize tax and
regulate drugs basically what you do is
put the drug cartels out of business
over time and if you put the drug
cartels out of business there's gonna be
a lot less crime and violence because a
lot of the criminal activity is directly
related to the black market of drugs see
if there's a dispute now because drugs
are illegal it's settled in the street
with guns if there's a dispute when you
have legal taxed and regulated marijuana
well guess what you go to court and you
wear suits and ties and you figure it
out like civilized people and we know
this is the case because look at what
happened with prohibition when we had
prohibition of alcohol crime shot up as
a result that's when you had the Mafia
get really really powerful and organized
crime get really powerful well the same
thing is happening now with prohibition
of other drugs so he's going to act like
the way to stop gang violence is to
deport all these undocumented immigrants
when in reality the way to stop gang
violence is to legalize tax and regulate
