the New York Times has a stunning piece
of investigative reporting about a man
named Bassam Rizzo so he's from Iraq and
he lived in the US for nearly a decade
he was in Michigan and he studied
engineering at Western Michigan
University and he worked at a
telecommunications company so just like
a normal dude you know who you might be
your coworker or something in the US but
as happens with so many people his his
parents got sick and he decided well
look I feel guilty I kind of I want to
move home to take care of them and what
he did is he basically started part two
of his life she was in the u.s. for an
extended period of time
you know dated women from here lived a
100% american-style life and he goes
okay I'm gonna go back to Iraq I'm gonna
take care of my parents because they're
sick and he ended up when he was back in
Iraq ended up marrying his wife
Miata they had two kids and they bought
a place that was right across the street
from bossiness brother so his brother
and his brother's wife lived right
across the street from him their names
are Mohan odd and aza and they lived in
the countryside of Iraq perfectly lovely
place
they also have an his brother also has
an 18 year old son Najib but times got
shitty after a while because what
happened is Isis took over right by them
so Isis basically controlled their
territory I mean they were more isolated
in remote because they were in the
country but yes Isis took over the area
they were technically under Isis control
and they said they didn't know what to
do like okay I guess we have to sit and
wait it out because the ISIS wouldn't
let them leave so you have to kind of go
about life and sit and wait it out and
you know for them they were far enough
away from where Isis was centralized
that
they still lived a relatively modern
lifestyle where they would you know they
speak about how they make [ __ ] they're
not a religious family they would make
Chinese fried rice and eat that they
make pizza and they had a swimming pool
in the backyard and stuff and you know
they had some run-ins where beseems
brothers son Najib was wearing like
jeans and a shirt that had English on it
and so they they punished him they gave
him like ten lashes or something and
then you know so after that they're like
okay we're just gonna stay inside as
much as humanly possible we want to go
outside at all because of what's going
on so they basically I had to sit there
and wait it out and basically hope that
the u.s. or the coalition forces or the
Iraqi government defeats Isis and takes
their their region back but throughout
this whole period bossom he's just a
regular dude and he like for example he
would he would read he'd go online at
night and he would look at sports cars
cuz he just loves sports cars should be
looking at BMWs and all these different
cars and he'd do it till all hours in
the morning while everybody else in his
house is sleeping but so one night he
was done doing that shuts the computer
down goes upstairs it goes to sleep next
to his wife and then he wakes up in the
middle of the night cuz he heard a
really loud noise and he tasted blood
there was a giant drone strike on his
house wasn't just on his house was on
his his brother's house to everybody was
dead everybody died his family died now
one of his kids when Isis took over he
was studying in Mosul but he was able to
escape to Kurdish territory just like
right when Isis took over so one of his
kids was alive but far away so what
happens is everybody's dead his house is
destroyed boston's houses
droid he's he has no clue what happened
by the way
broken pelvis broken ribs just he almost
died - he was pulled out of the rubble
taken to the hospital they don't have
the stuff that they need to take care of
him because again the hospital is in
Isis territory so he has to apply
through an Isis bureaucracy to try to
get out to get the care he needs
they reject him his whole family just
got wiped out he needs like more surgery
he's an excruciating pain Isis is like
no we're not gonna we're not gonna
approve you to leave Isis territory well
so he then goes on Facebook he posts
about what happened what happened is a
US drone strike hit his house and his
brother's house and killed everybody and
he said I'll never forget this and his
post basically went viral in the region
so people he knew called in favors and
Isis allowed him okay we're gonna let
you go to leave territory to go to
whatever hospital I think in Turkey it
was to get treatment and so there was
this long he had to drive through Isis
territory and you know he said because
his pelvis was broken he had all these
broken bones there were times where
there's areas where they could get taken
out at any second by an RPG so the
drivers going like 100 miles an hour and
they're bumping all over the place and
he said the pain was so excruciating
that you couldn't believe it
he's got broken bones and they're going
100 miles an hour over bumpy roads I
mean you can't he just the thought of it
is it just sends chills down your spine
but so he gets out he gets to Turkey
he gets the care he needs he meets up
with his his son who wasn't there you
know the son knows what what happened
the horrendous story and this guy fought
the fight of his life
to try to clear his name and clear his
family's name and get answers from the
US government as to why they droned his
place and the New York Times uncovered
some very disturbing facts about US
drone strikes and so what they found was
now by the way this guy hit every
bureaucratic roadblock in human history
he went to like the US Embassy in Turkey
to try to get answers they said no we
can't help you here but we can send you
to this other place he went to the other
place
the guy said I'll help you then he
tapped he didn't hear back from the guy
he email them four or five times it
started not even showing up in the guy's
mailbox so he's back to square one he's
so he is he's losing his mind over this
every day he wakes up thinks about his
wife and his family that they got
murdered in cold blood and it was from a
drone strike and he wants answers
well after appealing long enough and
fighting long enough he finally learned
with the help of the New York Times that
he his property was close to property
that when the war in Iraq was at its
peak in the mid-2000s the US had set up
a base that was there that was close to
him now they abandoned that base when
there was the original drawdown in Iraq
there was a brief period where Isis had
come taken over that base but they also
weren't there for that long they moved
out of there relatively quickly so the
base was empty for years but in the
minds of the US and US intelligence they
thought oh well the base is still run by
Isis and then they did intelligence
gathering around
bassam's house and his brother's house
and they said well since we
didn't see women outside a lot we think
that's a sign that Isis is there since
every now and then we see activity where
a man will go and open a gate for a car
to drive in just opossums friends coming
over to for dinner and stuff like that
they go well that's we assumed it was
Isis so simply based on those two things
yeah we didn't see women outside so we
thought it's Isis we saw some guys open
the gate and we saw it was Isis they
thought Isis was still in control that
base and so they were living in that
house there you know what they did they
said it's a bomb factory it's an Isis
bomb fact she made it up
it's an Isis bomb factory that's what it
it's an Isis bomb factory they had a
YouTube video posted saying here's US
forces taking out an Isis bomb factory
they had it posted now over time they
pulled it down because all the comments
underneath were people from this area of
Iraq going I'll never forget what you
did to my family this is possums house
these were people were innocent you guys
murdered in cold blood
for years the u.s. denied it denied it
denied it then the New York Times
unveiled that basically what the US does
is whenever there are reports on the
ground of OU civilians were killed they
don't go by those reports because they
say oh you could be liars they try to
match up their own records of where they
bombed with credible reports to try to
say okay these are how many civilians we
took out well what did the New York
Times find out quote one in five of the
coalition strikes we identified resulted
in civilian death a rate of more than
thirty one times that acknowledged by
the coalition it is at such a distance
from official claims that this may be
the least transparent war in recent
American history while some of the
civilian deaths we documented were a
result of proximity to a legitimate Isis
target many other many others appear to
be the result simply of flawed or
outdated intelligence that conflated
civilians with calm
in in this system Iraqis are considered
guilty until proven innocent those who
survived the strikes people like Bassam
remain marked as possible Isis
sympathizers with no discernable path to
clear their names and what they would do
is they would every time bossom wrote
about this they would respond to say no
we don't even have a record of that
attack on file here because they say any
attack that occurred 30 meters or 50
meters outside of where the attack was
we didn't do that attack they say
there's no evidence of us did that
attack there's no reason the evidence
the coalition forces did that attack so
in other words it's a system of he's
guilty until proven innocent he says he
had a file with him his wife their
pictures his history his work experience
in America repeatedly brought them to
the US I'm innocent and what he wanted
was his name cleared for years they said
no I don't know we don't know you're
talking about we even do that strike I
don't know what you're talking about
well again the New York Times through
their fantastic work here they found
that there's 31 times the death rate
from drone strikes and this is in Iraq
they say in western Mosul where the
there were drone strikes that were even
heavier they even look into that they
weren't it so it's probably way more
than 31 times but they have this
basically this fake system of fake
accountability in the US where they
pretend we're talking about with that
airstrike I don't know what you mean so
he was looking for an explanation the
explanation was insufficient then they
say okay maybe since it became too
obvious and now reporters are on
Boston's case ok the governor the the
government has to try to make it right
the military has to try to make it right
so what do they do they call bossom in
and they say ok you know we're we feel
horrible about this we're gonna offer a
monetary reward so bossom is thinking
okay well let's see the to each house
I mean their $500,000 for the house then
how much do you put on to the value of
each life that was lost so five hundred
five hundred thousand for the houses how
much does my are are my kids worth how
much is my wife worth he's like there's
no number that makes this okay but
nonetheless they give him an offer they
say we'll give you $15,000
he said I'm not I can't accept that this
is insulting and he left and to this day
you know now his story is a sad story
a template of what happens in situations
where there's us drone strikes where
they kill civilians this is this is the
system this is how it looks he's guilty
until proven innocent he repeatedly
proves that he's innocent they deny it
for years finally they say okay I guess
we'll offer you a reward they offer him
$15,000 by the way that's even above
what the legal limit is as of right now
the legal limits 2,300 dollars for one
of these situations well between this
story in Iraq and the drone memo
remember the internal drone memos that
were released where they found that 90%
of drone strikes get the wrong target
between those two things hey maybe it's
time to do away with these drone strikes
because there there's ample evidence
that they don't help they make things
worse you're killing way more civilians
there's no justice you get the wrong
people than even when the people have
overwhelming evidence proof that they
didn't do it you denied as long as
possible so I think it's time to move
past these drone strikes because they're
doing more harm than good
they're simply doing more harm than good
and Noam Chomsky calls it the world's
biggest terrorist program because again
there's no accountability we have
coverage stories of people who are
former drone operators who came clean
who said look the whole culture is
beyond rotten you have people who are
drunk when they operate the drones who
are high on cocaine when they operate
the drones they talk about it like it's
not real human beings they talk about
how hey we're cutting the grass we're
killing fun-sized terrorists that's a
direct quote from one of these people
who was a former drone operator he says
other operators have spoken about this
yeah were fun-sized terrorists little
little terror is little kids that's what
they call them fun sigh they don't be
terrorists eventually anyway just kill
them is this what we want to do is this
how we want to be as a country the
problem is that as we mascar civilians
we have the nerve to even tell ourselves
these pretty little lies we need to face
reality there needs to be justice and we
need to stop with this because it's not
working and it's ruining lives just ask
Bassam Rizzo
