hello everybody yo we bag son violent
corn we're back from an involuntary
hiatus I still got people [ __ ]
listening to this thing yeah oh I think
you just built up the you know the
demand for it yeah they're gone first
for a while what was it three weeks four
weeks I'm like that something yeah maybe
so yeah people a little tan in the
meantime yeah me too except Lee you can
tell the difference look at my arm
versus my face there's a difference face
or your arm didn't get hit no arm is
lighter
you can't tell arm is lighter than face
like a little bit there's like a light
glares well the light hurts it but it's
that's lighter than this oh yeah my [ __ ]
I got blazed up a lot you did you didn't
put on sunscreen that's not good man I'm
one of those that like dude you're that
[ __ ] ages you like a [ __ ] I know
and like you don't think it now but then
later on like you'll be like 55 and
you'll look in the mirror and be like
goddamn what happened yeah but at 55 I'm
gonna be on some like oh I'm on my I
don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] right now at 55
I'm gonna be on my I don't buell
[ __ ] so like oh you're not gonna
want to look wrinkly you know what he
wants that's true I did look in the
mirror after I was like my face was red
like this has gotten a little too yes
did you at all you probably peeled a
little bit right no not yet oh not yet
okay it might be coming but I looked in
the in the mirror and like this crease
right here just look diesel-like and I
was like that looks a little bit it
looks a little serious but then I was
like I've been doing it forever like I
just I don't put on Sun so I don't take
the time to put on sunscreen and it's
also hard with those like white
sunscreens when you put it on and you
don't have a mirror the [ __ ] is like
lobbed into your beard and there's like
a little man it's still worth it it's
worth it in the long run even if you got
a little bit if anything if you don't
like rub it in good enough it just looks
like a little bit of gray and your beard
which is like whatever that's better
than getting wrinkles and [ __ ]
well [ __ ] gets like like cluster E it
looks like some cottage cheese [ __ ] like
it looks like if you look at me it could
be like he got some [ __ ] on his face
there like a white head it could be
cottage cheese to be some cream
she's hot as cheese I saw this one
article that came in that like really
hit hit hard and I was like okay I'm
gonna wear sunscreen every time I'm out
in the Sun now because it was like a
trucker and he drove the same route all
the time root room whatever you want to
call it yeah and um the Sun was always
beaming on one side of his face and and
like he would drive that direction
during the day and would be at night
when he comes back the other direction
so he would always get hit in the same
spot with the Sun he looked like legit
to face like from really left where the
Sun didn't hit he looked like he was 25
years younger this side wrinkly as a
[ __ ] and I was like oh that's
all I needed to see I got it Tim yeah
that's pretty scary but he's [ __ ] up
because you do like everybody looks good
with a nice tan you know what I mean uh
the only thing I'm nervous about and it
that sort of scares me a little bit like
I'm not like scared of like death and
all this other [ __ ] and or like if I get
a cold or something like that and going
to the doctor the only thing that scares
me is like what skin cancer or with any
type of cancer or something like that
like I've seen their celebrities I've
saw do it conversations and they're like
you know we went to the beach and it's
like go to the DotA go to the
dermatologist if you think you have
something but it's like we've all these
little spots on our bodies and stuff
like yeah that like yeah you don't know
what the [ __ ] it is like or you feel a
little pain and you're like whatever and
then it goes away but like yeah like I'm
serious yeah like if you really checked
everything you would go be at the doctor
once a week and that's why I can't when
I go to the dermatologist I think I have
like some copay that's like $40 and
sometimes if they do some [ __ ] then it
would be like $200 and I gotta hit a
minimum before I can like not pay that
amount so like a month ago I had like
this little thing on my stomach
and it sort of looked like it was like a
birthmark but I hadn't seen it before
and it it just a little bit but like I
put lotion on it wasn't that bad and I
was like this is something that like is
different you know and I was watching
something on TV today that scared the
[ __ ] out of me there was this lady
who's on like HG TV TV show or something
like that like a home improvement show
and she was just talking for the show
and a doctor was watching and he noticed
something like on her neck like every
time she spoke it was I saw this story
and it was cancer he was out it was
cancer
like like so this lady's just talking
and she just thinks okay yeah when I
speak my throat you know this part right
here is also and it wasn't even that
noticeable
yeah but this guy noticed it so and he
was they met today on TV and it was like
the greatest thing ever or whatever um
but he was saying like you know we know
our bodies best so when I saw that thing
on my body I was like this is something
different you know it's just a little
bit right so I went to the dermatologist
for that and the [ __ ] dermatologist
was like yeah it could be something it
might not be something I was like okay
and he was like if we do check it it's
gonna cost I was like how much he was
like I don't know what's up saying sure
like he didn't have any answers so I
didn't get it done but eventually it
went away so long story short is like
that scares me the most is like seeing
something not knowing if something's
growing on you or something like that
you know yeah and we all have that man
we all had that moment where it's like
oh what is this
mm-hmm I got one of those seizures like
I have a birthmark type thing on my back
mm-hmm but it's like weird it's like
it's like slightly discolor a little
maybe like two inch by three inch
slightly discolored part on my back
mm-hmm that's always been there but like
if I I'm not I'm not all I don't notice
a lot of [ __ ] so like I think I noticed
that when I don't know I was probably
like 13 when I noticed it and I was like
oh that's weird and like that's the type
of [ __ ] where you know it could be
something there might not be anything at
all but like smart doctor every week
exactly but you know what they say
statistically women get that stuff
checked a lot more men do not but then
that actually like women end up in the
long run being better off because they
will stop nip anything in the bud
whereas then you know like my dad he
[ __ ] by the time he went to the
hospital he went to the emergency room
and they were like you have stage four
cancer he's like
oh say I'm like I hope like when I get
to 50 or somewhat of that they're like
yeah when you were you know 29 this
thing was very small and you should've
took care of it then and I'm like [ __ ]
yeah I remember that it's also cuz like
our systems are pain in the ass you were
describing it with the [ __ ] copay and
this and that and that's not that's like
else where else you know in other
countries developed country you just go
to the doctor and then they'll [ __ ]
do their thing and that's it you ought
to pay yeah it's just complicated
because even when he said when I said
how much will it cost the next steps to
find out what it would cost is it was
just like I had to call a number yeah
it's like you got a lucky shirt that's
exactly why health insurance companies
are such [ __ ] because there's like
there's deductibles there's co-pays and
then they have like that the thing that
always pissed me off is that they would
be like you pay them however much you
pay them per month for your health
insurance and when something happens
they're like okay now use house pay the
first 1500 and then pick up it's like
[ __ ] I've been paying you every month
for years and then your act and they act
like like I spoke to somebody about this
and they just had this stupidest like
apologetics for it they're like yeah you
know that's how the system works and
they look at you like you you wouldn't
be a good investment if they looked at
you and thought like hey we're gonna net
have to pay my I'm like shut the [ __ ] up
is I'm not I'm a person I'm a loose in
I'm not a [ __ ] piece is a number II
yeah like so that [ __ ] is so annoying
and that's why a lot of people end up
avoiding working within this system
that's why I do want all that [ __ ] I
hate I mean like I go to the dentist
every year whatever I go to the doctor
and I go to the Drako every other year
to the dentist yeah I probably go every
four years now to come to think of it I
get that thing now we're like like I'll
do some [ __ ] and then I just won't think
about it ever again and then my mom will
call me and be like you have to do this
and I'm like like the other one is the
AC in my place like yeah I'm like and
the guy last time he serviced it he was
like okay you have to get this check
every twice every year and I was like
yeah okay yeah that would feel like I
call you and then six months later I
would have to call him again and it's
like that six months would only feel
like a week later you know what I mean
like I'm gonna really that so I'm gonna
be spend my [ __ ] time doing I got a
call the AC guy you know and like it
should it feels like it's such an
annoying ass waste of time but like the
point is there's a million things like
that that build up you know what I mean
one of them being the AC [ __ ] you know
so always when I go to the dentist I
always whenever I finished my
appointment and they always like you
know you finish up you Pitt whatever you
go to the front desk
there was a girl you want to schedule
your next appointment from what in like
six months I'm like yeah sure and then
I'm it's like six months later is like
July which seems so far away at that
time and then when it comes around I'm
like [ __ ] I may have had appointment and
like I was just there like I was issued
a text like do you want to cancel and
I'm just like yeah i'ma cancel that [ __ ]
yes six months are you [ __ ] kidding
me that's like when you make some plans
with someone like a week out and you're
feeling good yeah yeah yeah what you
yeah whatever we'll get some food and
then just like the day comes you like
[ __ ] what did I tell him right now your
head it's like oh that's so far off of
it I won't have to worry about it now
and that's the worst feeling man yeah I
don't know that skin cancer should
scares me for real because like it was
just I don't even remember who the
celebrity was but he was just like I had
something on my nose went to the
dermatologist he told me that [ __ ] was
gonna get real bad so like my own
emotion my neighbor similar thing
happened he he had a bandage the other
day on and I asked him he was like I
went to the doctor they said it was you
know I guess what skin cancer that'd do
take skin off do you think Loki Mel you
had the like skin cancer on his face and
he that band-aid [ __ ] huh yeah what
would what would be the reason to put a
bandaid on your face this reason they
wear like a quadruple XL shirt did not
it's not cuz he's obese it's because
it's a fashion statement something
that like you where to cover your body
like you know cuz it's just society does
that [ __ ] there's no purpose for a
bandaid on your face there's no surgery
for a [ __ ] grill but they wear grills
there's no purpose for a grill you could
get a gold grill and it's like showing
like your [ __ ] like riches [ __ ] like
putting TVs in your rent shows your
hardest [ __ ] that's the point the point
is no a baby toys [ __ ] if anything you
want to be like here's my [ __ ] scar
no you want a you want to wear the bed
the band a is a fashion statement man
I'm telling you seems like I'm wearing a
bra wearing a bracelet like there's no
reason for this it's just on the band a
he did the same [ __ ] with a band aid he
was like it's on [ __ ] say something but
I don't know how banding is a medical
[ __ ] thing the bandy
your bracelet doesn't serve any it is
true you wouldn't you wouldn't do any
other medical thing like to for a
fashion statement like you wouldn't just
walk out of your house like you know I
got my I got my shin brace on son yeah
like I'm not even a q-tip in my ear like
because like it's [ __ ] cool there had
to been a reason someone should
investigate that [ __ ] man like you don't
just wake up and just be like yo man I'm
gonna throw bandaid on my face and I'll
make that [ __ ] hot because there's no
there's no [ __ ] justification for
that [ __ ] do you
he might have had skin cancer I doubt it
I don't imagine he did so he's got
discovered on our show imagine he like
tweets me like man the [ __ ] the amitabh
speaking of the appointments thing I
feel like I was just at the eye doctor
the other day but it wasn't it was like
over a year ago same my eyes my eyes had
I have really shitty eyesight I think
most people know that but um I it stayed
stay stable for like at least five years
where it didn't get worse for like five
years but then I think it just it just
got worse like it just got worse because
I noticed that my contacts now aren't as
good like well you proud I mean you
stare at your computer screen a lot
right when you're researching and stuff
like that do you do it in the dark like
probably if you're doing at night or
some [ __ ] like that
like I noticed when I'm doing work a lot
the lights are off but
true that that [ __ ] up your eyes or no
I don't know because I feel like it
can't just be from like what I've done
because it has to be genetic because I
in second grade I had to wear glasses
second grade you only mean yeah yeah
like I was in first grade and [ __ ]
that's true but did you even know it's
second grade that you couldn't see or
was that just on some like I don't I
don't know how we figured it out but I
think you know whatever my mom was like
what's that and I was like I can't see
that [ __ ] like it was obvious that I had
trouble seeing long distance it was
clear yeah I'm always like curious a
little bit when you see like toddlers or
like you know cute kids wearing those
small ass glasses I'm like how do you
know those [ __ ] can't see it
and they're not just like their eyes
have to develop well I I don't know how
we initially figured out that something
was off but it became clear something
was wrong when I went to the eye doctor
and you do the test and they're like
yeah no of course like it when I you
initial kid signed out super young I've
seen young kids and like yeah it looks
cute they were those smallest glasses
and like their eye balls the same size
as the [ __ ] glasses
well like they're not [ __ ]
comprehending enough [ __ ] to go to the
eye doctor and be like I can't see that
or like even if they can't see it maybe
in two years their eyes they're gonna
[ __ ] grow and they can see it and
you're [ __ ] them up even more I don't
know if that ever happens where they get
bed and they get better I'm not sure if
that's ever happened that'd be amazing I
mean obviously if you got LASIK I was
like a growth process like the [ __ ] I
probably know I know but like if you as
you grow it doesn't it doesn't
necessarily go in the right direction
like you can't you know I'm saying like
you can grow and part of the growth is
your eyes are gonna get shittier you
know what I mean like part of growth for
this happens with all kids you lose your
baby teeth and remember that hold on
let's stop and talk about that for a
second there was a portion of our lives
everybody here listening and [ __ ] where
your teeth were baby teeth and then you
they fell out and then you grew bigger
teeth what the [ __ ]
like we were I mean that's some [ __ ]
weird primitive ass [ __ ] like you lose
all your little teeth they fall out and
there's blood and [ __ ] and then the
bigger ones grow what da [ __ ] is that
man yeah I mean that's I'm like that's
that's a that's a big reminder like
there were animals even just your
fingernails growing like where does
where does that come from
like the [ __ ] like my knuckle there's
no like there's nothing in my knuckle
that looks like my fingernails like if
you get some sort of like just a minor
or like cut or something let's say
you're playing basketball and you fall
on like concrete yeah like that whatever
you scrape your knee like okay you put
someone you clean it out put some
ointment on I put a little bandaid on it
or something and then like you take off
the band-aid and then like a week later
that [ __ ] is gone it's like wow that's
almost like magical or even a broken leg
like your bone healing back together
like obviously you got to put it but I
gotta set this [ __ ] have you ever had a
broken bone no no broken back um what
though worst don't worry I imagine that
[ __ ] I can't imagine just being like a
mobile and not being able to like open
it like when I [ __ ] let everybody know
grocery bags or some [ __ ] and I can't
open the door I feel like you know like
um I'm struggling have you ever had
sleep paralysis yes that's it I had I've
had that a few times that [ __ ] is scary
that's scary and then the cramp in your
legs is the worst feeling like when you
get like the diesel not in like you ever
get that in your calf I've got that
before that and that before that's like
too much calcium built up or something
like that I have no idea what causes it
you know I looked recently at like a
really old dude and I was like that's
gonna be me at some point like that's
gonna that's all of us that's gonna like
you look at somebody who's really up
there in age and it's like you know you
might first split-second be like damn
like that person could do more to get in
shape and be more mobile and all this
but it's like actually know at a certain
point your body's just not gonna [ __ ]
do it anymore so you look a little
Bernie Sanders or something like that
and it's like he's he's old as [ __ ]
can't really do [ __ ] but then like he
was running track he was doing mad [ __ ]
nothing says healthy I'm talking about
somebody who's old man I guess not
everybody gets to the point where
they're like you know kind of bent over
and to have zero flexibility and like
their mind is working really slowly or
whatever but yeah you but it's a lot of
that stuff let me put it this way in
many categories it's totally unavoidable
like you know everybody gets wrinkles
everybody gets less flexible as they get
up grow grow old or you know I'm not
sure but there's a very high percentage
of like dementia once people go past a
certain I don't know the exact numbers
but it's like if you get over the age of
85
it's some preposterous ly high
percentage chance that you're gonna get
dementia like it might even be like
50/50 I probably have that [ __ ] now
isn't that no no you don't have it now
my my grandmother one of my
