Tucker Carlson and neocon John Bolten
had a debate on Fox News this is from a
few weeks ago but since then john bolton
has become one of trumps top foreign
policy advisors so this interview really
becomes all the more important and
insightful so let's watch and then we'll
come back and discuss Ambassador John
Bolton a frequent fixture here on Fox
was at the White House yesterday for a
personal meeting with the president
United States News reports a lot of them
suggest he could be the next national
security adviser so the following
question is more relevant than out than
ever what is ambassador Bolton think is
the greatest threat to America today
ambassador Bolton joins us to me great
to see ambassador glad to be here so it
feels like we're moving kind of in slow
motion toward a conflict with Iran and
Russia in Syria do you think we are well
I think that's one possibility I think
the Iranians have clearly gamed what
they plan to do after the defeat of the
ISIS territorial Caliphate I think they
were thinking of it when our strategist
were not thinking of it and we're now
suffering the consequences with Iran
literally on Israel's border flying
drones into Israeli airspace I don't
think that's the really most dangerous
aspect of the Middle East though I still
think it's Iran's support for terrorism
and its continued effort to get
deliverable nuclear weapon right so
obviously Iran was greatly empowered by
the fall of Saddam I think we in
retrospect we can concede that there
haven't been any Iran sponsored terror
attacks in this country that I'm aware
of in the last 25 years there of course
been many many many sponsored by Saudi
Arabians of the Gulf states the Sunni
Arab world so why should we see Iran as
our primary threat because Iran for many
decades has been the world's central
banker of international terrorism
funding sHIIP Sunni terrorist on an
equal-opportunity basis providing arms
to them as they do to Hamas and the Gaza
Strip so it's their support for
terrorism generally that that should
concern is not necessarily specific
attacks in the United States but I mean
wouldn't I mean in order to you know
commit American troops and the billions
it takes to prosecute any kind of
conflict wouldn't you want to go after
the people who are attacking us here for
yeah well nobody's talking about
committing massive amounts of troops
what we have to worry about I think most
importantly is the threat of North
Korea's nuclear weapons program which is
more advanced than Iran's but it all
ties together in the Middle East you may
have seen reports recently of a UN
inspectors study of North Korea selling
chemical weapons precursor chemicals and
equipment to manufacture chemical
weapons to Syria likely financed by Iran
so there's a palpable threat of weapons
of mass destruction something President
Trump
acted against earlier in his term that
the North Koreans have brought into the
Middle East with Iran's participate I
believe that they're all bad places
though in 2015 you wrote a piece for The
New York Times saying we ought to bomb
Iran in order to stop their weapons
that's not quite what I said that's what
the New York Times headlines right well
I read it anyway I mean that as you know
that they write the headlines in the
op-ed writer right but I don't think
that's the only time you call for
conflict armed conflict with the run but
if we had done that then what do you
think we'd be now well I think Israel
could have done it 15 years before and
we'd be in a much better place as Israel
itself and the United States are in a
better place today for Israel having
bombed Saddam Hussein's nuclear reactor
in 1981 and for Israel having bombed the
reactor that North Korea was building in
Syria in September of 2007 so you've
you've called for regime change in Iraq
Libya Iran and Syria in the first two
countries we've had regime change and
obviously it's been ice a disaster I
think now no I don't agree with that and
let me let me I don't think it's been a
disaster no because to argue that you
have to argue let's just take a rock to
begin with you have to argue that
everything that followed from the fall
of Saddam Hussein followed inevitably
solely and unalterably from the decision
to overthrown and that's simply no I
would never argue that I'm merely
arguing the map you have to sir since
you well you just said that Iran is the
single greatest threat to us into that
region I think you'll concede that
Saddam was the greatest counterbalance
to Iran and they were
empowered by his by his fall so I think
it's fair to say if you think a Rana is
the real threat that way you know he's
kind of hard to defend that decision
right no because I think your analysis
is simple-minded frankly okay the
Iranian threat which stems from the
Revolution of 1979 was under way quite
apart from what Saddam Hussein was doing
the Iranians have been trying to get
nuclear weapons for 25 you don't think
the Saddam Hussein's made a run stronger
I think it made the the fall of Saddam
no did not make Iran stronger what made
Iran stronger ultimately was the
withdrawal of American forces in 2011 so
if you I mean I I'm not seeing it the
only person who thinks that you're the
only person I've met who thinks that
what would you say if you could sum up
the one lesson from what has happened in
Iraq what would it be well I think the
overthrow of Saddam Hussein that
military action was a resounding success
I think the mistakes that were made
subsequently setting up the Coalition
Provisional Authority and others that
followed from it are lessons about what
to do after a regime is overthrown but
I'd also point out because of President
Bush's surge policy when his
administration ended stability had
returned to Iraq it was not a place
you'd go for vacation right but he
turned it over to Barack Obama and it
fell apart subsequently and the point I
think you need to understand yeah is
that life is complicated in the Middle
East and when you say well the overthrow
of Saddam Hussein was a mistake is
simplest I would argue that I'm the one
who understands how complicated is but
just my view it's it's your long
experience in foreign policy no better
record than yours I would say but thank
you ambassador Curtis you're oh man that
ending that ending John Paul's like yeah
it's your long experience in foreign
policy huh Tucker and Tucker's like oh
my records better than yours [ __ ] okay
so first of all oh you [ __ ] are
gonna make me defend Tucker Carlson ah
oh it hurts it pains me to do this but I
have to do it because he's right and
John Bolton is wrong so let's break this
down
he says Iran is the number one state
sponsor of terrorism there's no other
way to describe that but preposterous ly
wrong and target Karlsson accurately
points out when named the Shia suicide
bombers against us Nieman named the Shia
terrorists who've attacked here and then
he rightly points out again that it's
really the Salafi militants who are the
problem it's really the ultra right-wing
Sunni militants who are an issue and
Bolton just kind of [ __ ] swipes that
to the side and acts like that's not
true that that's clearly the case I mean
what what is it 15 of the 19 hijackers
on 9/11 or 16 of the 19 hijackers are
from Saudi Arabia they are the ones
spreading radical fundamentalist
ideology
salafism Wahhabism all around the world
by exporting their extreme
interpretation of Islam and building
mosques all over the place and then they
have the nerve to try to argue that the
problem is Iran and the problem are the
Shias who are the counter balance to
fundamentalist Sunni supremacy so it's
just come on man it's just so
disingenuous and such [ __ ] and then
he talks about how well the you know big
problem is their nuclear development
well then I guess you'd better think
Obama for that now shouldn't you now
I've been super critical of Obama that's
clear everybody knows that but at the
same time there are some things he
deserves credit for the Iran deal was
one of those things it's a deal that
says hey we're gonna have the IAEA the
International Atomic Energy Agency
regulate and check Iran's nuclear
program all the time and make sure they
only enrich for power for their power
grid and for research purposes and then
in return all you have to do is give
Iran back their own money so it does
prevent Iran from getting a nuclear
weapon there's no doubt about it but
we've repeatedly violated the nuclear
deal now and John Bohlen wants to
totally get out of the nuclear deal and
they're probably about to do that by the
way that's all the reports that in May
Trump's can apply to the nuclear deal
which makes it way more likely they will
get a nuclear weapon so if you're
concerned about Iran nuclear development
then you should get your ass out of the
White House and you should get Donald
Trump's ass out of the White House you
should have somebody in there who
believes in preserving the
nuclear deal cuz that guarantees they
don't create a nuclear weapon when you
blow up the diplomacy
that'll make it so they do get a weapon
and then he goes on a [ __ ] [ __ ]
totally made-up argument of oh we have
evidence of North Korea selling weapons
to Syria and then Syria might sell it to
Iran just like you know Colin Powell and
you he was one of the the key people who
pushed for the argument that Saddam was
connected to Osama bin Laden and Saddam
had weapons of mass destruction he
always argued out now hey we got new
regime chance because Saddam oh my god
Saddam and the weapons in Saddam and
9/11 and Saddam and al-qaeda we got to
do we got to look at all the evidence oh
my god yellowcake we have yellowcake oh
my god look Colin Powell oh my god there
he is at the UN holding up a vial he's
holding a vial we have to take him
seriously okay sorry we gotta act so
this guy who has zero credibility about
anything is now the one who's stepping
forward and going well you know North
Korea's selling weapons to Syria totally
made-up and then by the way even if that
were a for a second that's true are they
doing that because they're about to
launch a preemptive strike against
Oklahoma no so then what the [ __ ] are
you why are you like we got act we got
to act and make no mistake about it john
bolton wants to be more involved in
syria john bolton wants to be more
involved in iraq john bolton wants to
start new wars with north korea and iran
so he's never met a war he didn't like
and as he's accusing tucker carlson of
having a simple-minded explanation he's
there's never been somebody with a
simpler mind than john bolton because it
doesn't matter what the problem is in
question the answer is more US military
he's gonna accuse anybody of being
simple-minded are you kidding me your
answer is always the same and this is
why i say neal conservatism and american
exceptionalism manifests as a
fundamentalist religion because
neoconservatism and american
exceptionalism it really is imperialism
and american supremacy so he thinks
we're better than everybody we should be
the only superpower in the world we
should control everything that's
happening around the war
and we're right and good by definition
so only when you have that kind of
warped mind set that fundamentalist
mindset can you rationalize and justify
as he's doing in offensive invasion
against the country that didn't attack
us they killed minimum two hundred
thousand civilians and by the way we
tortured on top of it and we're still
there today so the this guy is as
Extreme as it gets he's the worst of the
neo cons I was joking about it the other
day on Twitter I said John Bolton makes
George W Bush look like Noam Chomsky and
so then Tucker Carlson rightly points
out Iraq and Lybia regime change was
terrible there and Bolton disagrees I
know it's a we now there's now literally
slave markets in Libya slavery has
returned to Libya now I'm no fan of
Gadhafi and I'm sure everybody listening
here is not a fan of Gadhafi but you
know what else I'm not a fan of slave
markets and perhaps if we just mind get
our own [ __ ] business and didn't get
involved in Libya it be a more stable
country today and you wouldn't have Isis
proliferation in Libya as you do right
now and you wouldn't have [ __ ] slave
markets as you do right now and oh yeah
on top of that again we're talking about
an offensive bombing of a country that
didn't attack us which is a violation of
international law
so we violated international law in the
process and we [ __ ] up the country
even further than it was [ __ ] up in
the first place but no Libya invasions
good the Iraq invasion is good forget
the minimum 200,000 dead civilians you
know it's it's it's better now because
it's better than Saddam's gone and then
this is how you know John Bolton just
his view of the world is just factually
wrong is that when Tucker Carlson points
out hey man you're so against Iran why
were you in favor of the Iraq war then
because if you're so against Iran you
can't be in favor of the Iraq war
because Saddam was the counterbalance to
Iran in the region so when you toppled
Saddam and then by the way after Saddam
what happened Saddam was a Sunni leader
they put a Shia leader in place the u.s.
did so you're so against Iran and you
know you're so scared of Shia dominance
of the region then why did you topple
the Sunni counterbalance in the region
and put a Shia government in place that
which then in turn aligned
with Iran and he's like now that no that
didn't happen and tell Carlson's like
you know the [ __ ] you're talking about
you know it's [ __ ] you're talking about
that's not you don't know what the [ __ ]
you're talking about and then he argues
one other problem is that we pulled out
in the first place we're still in Iraq
today okay so we took a little [ __ ]
few months break when we temporarily
drew down that we went back in there
again I told you his answer is always
the same more war more US militarism
more occupation and so in other words
his answer is [ __ ] everything up and
then stay there forever
really john bolton and then what about
the fact that our [ __ ] infrastructure
gets a great a d+ how we gonna pay for
that huh how we gonna pay for that how
we gonna pay for the fact that half a
workers in america make $30,000 a year
or less and we've had middle-class wages
stagnating since the 1980s but you want
to take our hard-earned tax dollars you
want to take money of regular people and
then ship it to be as overseas so we can
[ __ ] dominate and control the world
when nobody asks for that nobody in
Kentucky's like wow you know I really
think the next movie that we should make
is we should invade Somalia and set up a
[ __ ] military base there and
micromanage their lives so listen we're
in trouble
we're in trouble because john bolton is
uh he's as bad as it gets
he's as right-wing as it gets he's as
ultra hawkish as it gets and even a guy
like tucker carlson who's very
right-wing on issues of foreign policy
he's more of a paleo conservative than a
neoconservative he's a throwback to the
days when you know people on the right
said i don't actually believe in small
government in the sense that i don't I
don't even want to have a big military
like I want to have a smaller government
in that sense too so Tucker Carlson's
right on this and john bolton is dead
wrong and he's so extreme that even
other neo-cons and I know Tucker
Carlson's on a neocon so I'm not
referring to him but even other neo-cons
look at john bolton like damn son he's a
little out there because he does wanna
bomb iran he wants to bomb North Korea
he's never met a war he
like and now he has the ear of the empty
minded easily persuadable idiot
president watch out
