we're going live on Facebook
this is good we are green on YouTube
let's exploit and we look good brother
all right if my people on YouTube can
give me some type of notice let us know
if you can hear us can you hear me and
my great guests
testing testing everybody hear us bran
Crosby says hi Tim hey Tim and Kyle hey
buddy and I see myself in the retweet
can you hear us
bradleyb good evening the true Jeff
Christopher Davis got a full house in
the in the chat room this is good this
is good got a little sound effect on few
people everybody read Rick Murphy can
you hear Kyle could hear us alright guys
real quick alright guys thank you for
joining me tonight for a special edition
of the Tim black ignite show I'm very
happy to bring the guests on the show
that has been around for quite a minute
he's been doing this thing he's the ever
popular host producer I would say owner
of the whole damn thing of secondly talk
give it up my friends for Kyle kolinsky
[Music]
appreciate that man without man I will
just tell him I look so much older I
feel like in this like like going okay
like it looks like adds 10 years to my
face but English do you ever hear
somebody say that when they see like
gray hair like oh you look distinguished
no a nice way to tell me I told you man
I got gray in a beard man so I'm making
you look young man so don't you worry
about this is you look good man you know
well I've been dyeing it since the fetus
I've been a teen so I've been fighting
it it's all good fight the fight man
it's look I look ladies and gentlemen my
fault periscope YouTube and Facebook
people welcome welcome to the show guys
thank you for tuning in happy Halloween
that's why I'm wearing this [ __ ] I'm
dressed as a lesbian softball coach it's
a good wood to know sometimes something
sticks and you don't want it to stick I
just gave up after all I'm like all
right you know what you guys got it so
look guys so anybody who doesn't know
Kyle is he's got a very popular YouTube
channel and he's been out there talking
about political commentary also also the
atheist like secular so how could you
let them know briefly like what your
channel is about man yeah sure sure so
when I when it started I probably
focused more well you know I've always
kind of focused more on on politics
actually but you know yes there's a
healthy dose of secularism just a
religiosity thrown in there and
obviously it's a we espouse a
progressive Democratic worldview secular
worldview and other than that it's just
really covering the news and things that
I find interesting pretty much we were
talking right before we came on here in
2008 is when I launched the YouTube
channel but that was just every now and
then I'd do a video just for fun
basically and then no.9 we started the
blog talk radio show and we did you know
I I do that for
- and then there was a break there when
I went to school and I was in the car
business for a year maybe like a year
and a half and then I decided maybe four
years ago now or five years ago now to
try to do secular talk full-time and
then I've been doing it full-time ever
since and I've been fortunate enough to
you know have it work well man give it
up for that man he's been having to work
that's for sure and I so be late man one
of the things he hits the cow story he
stayed with it
you know the main cow like I've seen
great people come and go man and the
only difference is some people stayed
and they fought through the the
downturns and other people gave up man
will you think about that I think you're
right I think showing up is probably the
biggest battle just if you just keep
showing up keep showing up keep showing
up they can't deny you and you know you
you've done that to you really really
worked hard and you got quite a
following and there's something to be
said you've got it from scratch and
there's really something to be said
about that because that's from the
bottom up working hard and basically
earning your stripes my brother my
brother man that's alright I appreciate
that and I bet money we discussed
earlier about you know for you
complimenting me on air I'll make sure I
get that outside but look part of my
success Pal is is bringing on great
people like you man bring it on Lee
can't bring it on Jimmy door you know
having you know people come through they
have a following is that you know on
their own and that helps as well it's my
pleasure to join you great work thanks
man thanks man look look like Kyle was
telling he's told me he was in the car
business for a while
and that that really had me trippin
because I did the car business for about
the same amount of time man what was one
of the turn offs to that business Kyle
for you for me I feel like it was
everything looking back at it because at
the time at the time I was like you know
what this is okay this is good and truth
be told when I'm not into something I
can be the laziest [ __ ] on the
planet am I allowed to curse you yeah
you good man we do monetize that don't
[ __ ] matter
so yeah it's uh I just I was lazy at it
because I didn't really care about it
and I you know I was talking about this
on my podcast with Korn recently how I
feel like I just would be too honest
with people almost where I'm like
whatever what do you want to know about
the car this one's all four-wheel drive
this one's whatever and when you don't
care about something it's hard to sell
it and so if somebody were to watch you
know my show or your show they might go
wow you guys are great people if you
will like we can push our idea as well
and we can argue for our idea as well
but again that's only because we
actually believe in and care about what
we're talking about and we're trying to
make a difference with something when it
was something like the car business I
just didn't care about it so I felt like
I was almost too honest as a salesperson
to a fault where I didn't give people
sometimes in the car business your
salesperson will want you to kind of
give them the salesmanship and walk them
down a path and lead them to the
conclusion that they want to get the car
whereas I was more of kind of like a
take it or leave it kind of dude and
when I look back at it it wasn't you
know I wasn't probably wasn't that
happiest when I was there when I was
doing it because I just and also because
of the money we were talking again
before all affair I was saying how at
the place where I worked we literally
made less than minimum wage the salesman
made less than minimum wage unless you
you pushed a whole bunch of Units out
and the way that they get you on that is
they say like oh don't worry you're
definitely gonna sell enough to make way
more than minimum wage but know some
ways that wasn't it pasted some weeks
that wasn't the case and you walk away
with two hundred dollars before taxes
going on here it's horrible man like but
the only good things about it that I
enjoyed doing my time was people being
excited about getting a new car or a new
to them car you know like I've had
families get that first like minivan and
the kids they're like jumping around and
everybody's happy it's like it's the
next biggest purchase for a lot of
people next to a home you know so I felt
good about giving them what they wanted
but on the back end sometimes like you
said man it was a it was a lot of hassle
you gotta jump cars in the middle of
winner yeah we'll jump thank you they
made us as salespeople palpable when
there was snow for hours on end and
again I'd be like we're not even making
minimum wage you're not paying us hourly
like what you can't do that but they
just do it and then this is one of those
things man that made me like I thought
about this a lot after the fact that
they should have a law that's a no
exception to the minimum wage law I mean
obviously you and I both agree there
should be a living wage not just a
minimum wage there should be a no
exception the minimum wage law they
always try to get people on that whether
it's its waiters you know or whether
it's people who work on Commission and
they succeed and we all know that's
because those industries give money to
politicians and that's a great point man
I like that segue into into an issue
that we both talk about a lot man living
wage grow the thing that gets me cow man
is how many people are there really out
there who don't want a higher minimum
wage I don't get it man we you think
yeah I think well the polls show it's
about 80 percent they want to raise the
minimum wage I think it varies like when
you go if you go $12 versus $15 it
depends how you phrase it and it depends
what number you give people but
according to most most polls even most
Republicans want to raise the minimum
wage so that's one of those issues where
like the American people are pretty
United and the only people that are
against us it's Washington and the
corporations yeah though I mean that's
it's just a shame that that's one of
those things where because some money in
politics we haven't been able to move
forward when everybody already agrees
it's like with with guns too I mean
everybody agrees to do a background
check that's not a controversial thing
like everybody agrees to that 93 percent
and we still don has it and we don't
have it because the corrupting influence
of money ya know I will admit man my
feelings about gun control have changed
a little as I became more educated but
I'm with you on the gun you know on
actual background checks I know most
states do have some form of background
checks but they're like loopholes as you
can get through as far as like the gun
auctions if you go to a you know you
know whatever so it's not as
comprehensive as we like it to be mad
but but yeah I've never met a gun on and
that illegal gun on anyway cuz I met
someone who were illegal um whoever said
I don't want background checks cuz they
got kids too man families they want to
live yeah I always said I'm kind of
moderate on that issue overall gun
control I'm curious so what did you used
to thinking what do you think now where
do you fall on it today I used to think
all of the evil in the world was
primarily behind guns like guns and
that's because of my environment that I
was when I was a young teenager like I
left home when I was 17 man and you know
I've lived in a situation where people
were living the street life and they
were they was you know dealing with
drugs you know living like living
basically like what they could steal
from a department store just doing
anything to get by and I met a lot of
people man who friends who who you know
had issues with their parents ended up
out there and the thing that killed him
was it like you know you know drugs per
se but it was like guns like that's
that's what took a lot of the people I
went to school with and people I met
later so to me guns had always been an
issue it the instrument by which my
friends died but what changed me car was
people on my channel as that got more
involved in you know in a commentary who
started waking me up to some of the
other issues surrounding it so it wasn't
necessarily the gun of course the gun is
the instrument but there are also other
factors and and I think that just sort
of opened me up I had to also think
about single women people living by
themselves in these environments who
need some protection Who am I to tell
them they shouldn't protect themselves
you know if you if your girlfriend is
coming home late and you're out of town
or whatever she might want to you know
she's coming home from waitressing at
2:00 in the morning Who am I to tell her
she shouldn't be able to you know make
sure she's gonna be ok I mean I don't
know if it's a fool I don't know she
could do an actual TJ Hooker or I don't
know man I don't know if she can do uh
if she could protect herself to the
level where I could say she's definitely
gonna be able to take this guy out I
just got to be pretty good but the
option should be there for a law abiding
citizen and
my opinion that if that makes them feel
a little safer Who am I man
yeah Who am I you know I just I just
looked at a different man my sister she
lives pretty far away and she's married
now but when she wasn't these are things
I thought about so yeah man what about
you like you said your moderate what's
what's the matter with me I think when I
was younger I moved I moved left overall
because when I was younger I think I was
fully libertarian on this issue where I
was you know I'd basically make the
point of yeah people don't treat people
who are not criminals the same way you
treat somebody who's a criminal if
they're not going to do something wrong
with it of course and let them let them
have it
but I did start moving left as time went
by because it just struck me as I want
to treat guns the same way that I prefer
to treat drugs and my whole thing on
drugs is I want a legal tax and regulate
them I want to legalize them tax them
and regulate it but a lot hinges on that
last word regulation so if you ask me
like when I leave you lies crystal meth
or I legalize bath salts I'd say no
because that's an extreme version of
those drugs but I think like a you know
like for example instead of having crack
or cocaine available at people we could
have sell adderall over-the-counter I'm
fine with that
so I'm in favor legalizing these things
but you know basically doing it in a way
where it shuts down the black market or
really hurts the black market and gives
people more liberty and freedom and I
feel the same way with guns so in other
words the thought that like I was like
oh I'm obviously in favor of some
regulation is when I realized oh I don't
want you know leave this in Kentucky to
have nuclear weapons or a chemical
weapon or a tank or a grenade launcher
or and then you just go down the list
and then you realize everybody has a
line it's just a matter of where you
draw the line and you know I think it's
reasonable to say obviously fully
automatic weapons people shouldn't have
maybe semi-automatic too but okay it's a
little more debatable on that one but I
just want to treat it like I treat drugs
or like I treat cars where you know I
think there should be background checks
I think there should be testing I think
you should make it a permit system you
should make it so that
it's treated with the responsibility
that it's that it deserves and I think
that if you were to just do basic
regulation like ban high-capacity
magazines and do universal background
checks I think if you just do very minor
things you actually see a really
significant drop in the number of gun
deaths and you know it's a hard
conversation to have to say hey what
number are we okay with you know what I
mean like and what number can we say
okay we'll live with that in society a
certain number of people dealing with
this horrible issue but I mean that is a
real discussion because we with alcohol
for example we all agree like okay we're
gonna have it because we believe in
freedom but yeah some people are gonna
there's gonna be alcohol poisoning and
some people are gonna be alcoholics and
it's the tough thing but you don't take
it away from everybody because of them
so it's just a matter of where are we
gonna draw the line and how much will it
affect the outcome and I'm in favor of
some you know very moderate gun reforms
that I think would help significantly in
terms of taking down that number of over
ten thousand homicides every year in the
u.s. excellent point
I agree I agree with most of it I think
that a it's a very nuanced issue man it
all depends on where you come from
I know people like for instance a part
of what changed my view was knowing
people that grew up with guns like I
didn't grow up that way like we didn't
have guns in the house but you know
being a you know pretty much coming of
age in the eighties early nineties is
when I came out really you know got into
the world you know there were people at
the same time I was taking classes in
school well they'd have gun classes like
I grew up in Maryland I was born in DC
raised in Maryland
closer - DC area and just in there like
30 mile radius you got Virginia in
Northern Virginia Maryland DC all
different you know laws on guns
extremely different laws on guns and
just over the border and DC I mean in
Virginia like I said man it was a
culture of guns like it was a regular
thing it was not you know a criminal
like only guys who wanted to rob people
had guns I mean this is just you know
shotguns for huntin shotguns to protect
your home it's just a regular life so I
had to take that in consideration
my worldview got bigger as I met these
people and and then when I met them and
talk to them they call it a show because
you know I do a call-in show Kyle you
know and and I learned from these people
you know like I don't know what it's
like to live in Appalachia yeah they
call them break it down for a brother
and I'm like okay so I that's what got
me going man but I like you I love you
staying on drugs man like of course
brother don't want crystal meth
legalized cool man who you know like I'm
like legalized cannabis you know I guess
people would say you can't pick the
choose your dress I can't just say
you're not gonna let people have grenade
launchers like you're not gonna let them
have those times a web anti-aircraft
missiles you not gonna let have had that
it's the same thing with drugs you're
not gonna let somebody have crystal meth
or bath salts or something that's Oh
crocodile that's the one that was the
heroin knock off the made people off
like it's okay to regulate that there's
no problem with that
and by the way I might surprise people
because I actually spoke about Oh some
people grew up with guns and stuff I'm
one of those people
even though born and raised liberal New
York I mean my my dad when he was
growing up his dad had like a farm or
something a good two hours north of New
York City and when I was a kid we would
go up there maybe twice a year three
times a year or something and when I was
there when I was a kid he had me
shooting guns I mean I was a little kid
shooting a Ruger 22 at like old bleach
bottle that they poured water in or
something I get it I'm like eh that's
what it's funny I always find it funny
when son there are some people online
who would try to portray me as massively
anti-gun but I always say you're just
you're just not listening to what I'm
saying then because I do have a more
moderate take on it and again I grew up
in a situation like that so I don't want
to treat somebody who's just hunting or
whatever just live in their life the
same way that you would treat a guy like
Dylan roof for having guns or you know a
terrorist it's obvious it's obviously a
not an issue that's black and white
there's a lot of gray area and there's
things we can do to fix the situation
but also maintain as much freedom and
liberty as possible speaking
