hello everybody um Kyle and Koren here
uh Koren just took 30 minute nap before
the show I like how he told me earlier
he's gonna work out and then you know
son I'm about to have some of these as
my performance enhancer so maybe in like
20 minutes that might be sugar going
yeah I just had it's now become a
tradition I didn't want it to become one
but it became one now I have sour gummy
worms every day of our podcast like
right before our podcast that's not a
bad idea yeah I sort of have some type
of junk food or something last week I
think I had like six beers I liked how
we were talking about how we're dieting
like six episodes ago and then it just
slowly kind of tapered off and now I'm
like so anyway gummy worms and you're
like so I pounded six beers and I'm
gonna have skittles so I'm always tell
me I work because um they have well
first I have all this little candy now
because we went Halloween candy shopping
that's what I'm saying so I went outside
and my neighbor was like oh like you
know first Halloween cuz we have a house
now sorry from chewing and talking don't
give a [ __ ]
um so he was like it you know the
neighborhood's pretty popular a lot of
kids come around and do Halloween
Chisinau so I told my wife I was like we
should get in the spirit like we should
put some [ __ ] on our house and like get
some candy and like do it up you know
like we're an actual legit family people
yeah like we're humans yeah like we're
normal like I don't want to be that
house that you know always on Halloween
yeah you remember those houses that's me
yeah the shit's shut off it doesn't look
like I'm anywhere like I disappear yeah
and as a kid you know exact but that
stays with you for like for ages like
because even when I'm older and I'll be
driving like through my cuz my parents
lived in her apartment complex and you
know they like the apartment buildings
were the mean people are at ya and there
was one house that was in our apartment
complex it was so random it was just a
random house mhm that like I guess they
owned that property before the apartment
complex was built and they were like
we assumed that they were evil like it
could be the nicest lady in there just
like I don't want to put [ __ ] on my
house for Halloween but even growing up
to this day we're just like that's that
house like yeah you were scarred and so
now you're like [ __ ] you I'm gonna I'm
definitely gonna have that [ __ ] well you
know like the houses that we're dark you
know you remember the houses that gave
you like [ __ ] pennies or gave you
like once or twice like if your yeah and
you're opening your door on Halloween
you gotta know that giving out pennies
is just like what I like it when people
put out the thing but everybody abused
it if you do that if you put out the
thing everyone else everyone like people
are somewhat reasonable we're like
they'll take like they'll take more than
it says to take like usually they leave
a sign like please take one or something
and then people take like four and
that's still like they're not taking the
whole [ __ ] but they're taking just
enough where it'll run out quick enough
where you're like I'm not even gonna do
that yeah my mom used to be that person
she would put the basket out and I'll be
like mom you know people just come by
and just take the whole thing and then
we don't have any can't you know like my
mom's good my mom opened the door and be
like hey I'm I think I poured some your
mom gave me candy like when I walked in
the house like she was like oh hold on
and like went around the corner and got
like a basket that she was handing out
and like brought it to me inside the
house and I was just like that's what's
up like you're into it like that's
awesome yeah I don't know why I remember
that but I think that was Halloween I
was at your house one time that's got it
gots gotta be and it's gotta be
old-school like from when we were young
young
no not even I think it was when you were
in your crib and um like it wasn't
fairly that long ago and I remember
walking in and it was Halloween I think
and that's like she's giving out candy
on another day get you the basket shell
I think she'll like comment on all the
little kids like outfits and stuff like
a near Batman and you're a pirate and
you're it's like you know classic he's
like classic person who opens your door
on Halloween classic nice lady [ __ ] does
she throw anything on for
she might I mean she might do like um
you know whatever little [ __ ] angel
thing or whatever mask or whatever just
at work cuz I think it worked at her job
they get into it but outside of that I
don't think you remember you remember
well I don't know I used to do this but
I would always dress up some holidays I
would get into it I think I was like an
M&M one year or like do something that
was an actual costume but then other
years I would go trick-or-treating was
just like a jersey on or some ship yeah
sort of when I was older I guess yeah
and you leave it to the people who went
to their door like that's not a costume
we're not giving you candy and you're
just like [ __ ] you [ __ ] I went out of my
way to bring on your doorbell and you're
gonna be like a costume policeman oh
that's funny
by the way the weather here is still
like summer so I don't know what yours
is like right now but it doesn't hate
you
it doesn't feel like it's October I feel
like our weather here it's weird it's so
weird because I see this in with sports
games now too if it's like 85 and sunny
here in a in about two days New York
gets the same exact weather so like so
today it was like a little colder and a
little rainy and then like in two days
like me go be like mmm it's like super
sunny in two days always see everyone I
know from New York like oh it's like a
summer day we're going to this I'm like
I had that already two days ago I used
to hate the change of seasons now I like
it
cuz I'm I really want to I get tired of
like 80 90 degree weather it get just
gets too hot and now I want like 55 60
and it usually is that temperature at
this time of year but it just hasn't
been recently which is kind of annoying
so it doesn't feel like it's Halloween
like we're talking about Halloween
because Halloween's right around the
corner but it doesn't feel like it's hot
it's about to be Halloween yeah well
that's like um I think we've had a
couple Christmases where it's like a
little like warmer well yeah I was just
saying how I let me ask you what your
perception of it was because my
perception of it was maybe there were
only two years or three years of my life
that it didn't snow at least a little
bit at one point or and
in New York in the winter mm-hmm like I
feel like it's only been two or three
times in my life where it just didn't
snow all winter and then there are other
times where it snowed like a little bit
and then there are other times where it
was like a blizzard or two you know like
what's your perception of it do you
remember times when there it didn't snow
all winter in New York I think it snowed
more times than it didn't snow that yeah
I memories not that good where I'm sort
of just like yeah it's always just been
cold and snowy for you know like
Christmas or something like that you
know yeah it's all most most of the time
I think I looked it up one day it was
like on average I'm not gonna know I'm
not even gonna try to give a number but
it was like on average we get a certain
amount of snow per year but that it's
not as much as like you would think
mm-hmm so it's like sometimes we just
don't get snow like I remember one year
me and my dad it was when I was like
early on in college but me and my dad
like would play golf all winter it was
like [ __ ] 35 degrees out there we're
playing golf because there's no snow on
the ground and we were like the only
people on the course but it was just
cold as hell it was cold as [ __ ] but you
bundle up and you're fine yeah yeah you
know but yes well I always think about
the people I don't I think I was in
California one year for Christmas I mean
I was just like it was hot as [ __ ] and I
was like this is this is weird
yeah like this doesn't feel like a
holiday like that I used to think I like
the Oh gimme 72 not seven excuse me give
me like eighty degrees every day but as
I got older now I don't like the heat as
much and I prefer like 65 degrees maybe
70 degrees man yeah not that I don't
like I don't mind having a degree
weather or like and all that stuff but
choose me when I've known that my whole
life
oh yeah bull there's supposed to be a
little brick when you're going cheap
you're treating like you just become
accustomed to all these like weathers
for these signature holidays that when I
was in California and it was like 80 90
degrees or maybe it was Florida or
something like that and I was just like
this doesn't feel like this just doesn't
feel like Christmas like yeah or you
know not like it just felt strange to me
you know because
it's like I wear as I don't like the Sun
setting them I don't like the Sun
setting early yeah you guys now the one
who gets darker earlier and it's like
this is just stupid it's like you're
being punked by the world sure it's like
Oh ready you can now you have the time
now to go do [ __ ] and then you look
outside it's like it's 436 and it's dark
yeah and it just feels something I hate
that and then I hate going to work when
it's still like darkish out and I'm
driving and it's like starting to get
lighter oh I'm just like this this
doesn't seem this doesn't seem this
doesn't seem yeah like there's we're
still going on a clock that we were
using back in like 1700 yeah you know
like you got to wake up but that how
about no we don't have to how about
everybody makes their [ __ ] clock
start at 10 o'clock in the morning now
would [ __ ] get a little hour extra
sleep not as many people will be sleep
deprived oh so nice well so anyway so
back to my candy real quick so um so the
neighbor was like yeah we get
trick-or-treaters it's pretty popular so
I was like we should get some candy so
one my wife said this week and we're
going to like carve a pumpkin mm-hmm
I've never done that before in my life
and she was so shocked by that woman
when I was a kid we used to paint him we
used to paint pumpkins yeah I think I
painted a pumpkin yeah like I think
maybe my dad might have carved it and
then me and my sister painted it really
yeah I've never once liked like so they
said there's a whole process you can
find a logo and then you like you you
pin it like you dot out what you want
yeah like cut it out with a knife or
something like that I was like
fascinated by that only I wouldn't let
you do that [ __ ] you cut off your
fingers said he was gonna get um like
some automatic like things like the fun
in that [ __ ] know what projects mad long
to do it probably knows yeah I wish I
you know the holidays when you're
younger that they're they're cool like
it gives you a thing to look forward to
like I used to love Christmas morning
was like oh here's a bunch of [ __ ]
presents it's like [ __ ] thank you and
there's my mom when I was
kid used to do on on Easter is it so
hilarious that like they try to pretend
like and that's the day Jesus was born
and then this is the day Jesus died
meanwhile like on Easter it became a
holiday that had to do with a bunny like
oh here's bunny
it's like wheat one I thought this they
tried they like they give now those
holidays have become so like I'm not
right for it consumeristic commodified
whatever the word is for it it's like
it's so yeah corporate and modern and
how they do it it's almost like the this
the religious part of it is just such a
tiny part of it to the extent where you
don't even have to be [ __ ] religion
like Christmas now is not even it's not
a religious thing it's just everybody
celebration like over 90% of Americans
celebrate Christmas even though like 70%
of Americans or Christian or whatever
the [ __ ] the number is you know but like
the presents on Christmas were crazy and
if you think about it really is a way to
make like little kids like spoiled
little [ __ ] oh there's a [ __ ]
crazy spider on my desk oh [ __ ] that
[ __ ] just crawled right across it was
like white oh I don't know keep your eye
out for that [ __ ] you know it's like
white all right if it comes back out you
saw my skittles
well that's creepy as [ __ ] yeah it just
came right across if you run away
randomly I'll know why if you're running
from the computer people like
arachnophobia yeah I hate spiders
but I'll suck it up if I have to and
kill one if it's me oh yeah for sure
I'll get my Bruce Lee on this [ __ ] yeah
but no but to your point I remember I
think even like with churches or like
when went on the High Holidays for like
Hebrew school and stuff like that a lot
of the people just go because it's just
a way to like socialize with people like
they don't like the religious [ __ ] is in
the background all yeah of course
exactly is so secularized now that like
christmas is just like here kids have a
bunch of [ __ ] presence and we know
that'll make you happy so now you'll
like this day so that's what it was for
christmas but then for Easter when I was
a kid I may have even liked Easter more
because Easter was my mom would hide
little Easter eggs around the house and
then put like treats in them like
jellybeans writers like what jellybeans
or chocolate but she would
I did all around the house and then my
sister would do Easter egg hunt we did a
search for where she put the eggs
oh [ __ ] I found one behind the TV and
you would go [ __ ] crazy because I'm a
little like whatever six-year-old kid
like did you um did you ever wanted you
believe in Santa Claus
oh I got a good story about that I got a
good but you want to ask your second
question first and then I'll guess what
well yeah my way well my second question
was if you did when like did you did
someone tell you that Santa Claus wasn't
real cuz I never I was Jewish I didn't I
never you knew from the jump did that
[ __ ] is [ __ ] not that I didn't I
didn't really know from the jump I just
didn't think about Santa Claus like that
you know like to me I didn't it was no
real or fake it's just like I didn't
[ __ ] with Santa Claus so so I got a good
story so when I was young I for like I
guess when you're like a really really
little kid you don't you just believe
whatever they tell you and they're like
if Santa Claus is real or whatever but
then as I got older and I wasn't that
old I must have been like seven or eight
or something like that maybe a little
older I really don't remember but I was
I remember one Christmas I was looking
at porn yeah that was a little later on
I got to that eventually I was looking
at the the glass so you leave out milk
and cookies that's like a classic thing
yeah and for Santa but I remember that
one Christmas morning I'm looking at and
I'm like something right here cuz I
noticed that around the edge of the
glass where somebody took a sip of it
there was like remnants of the cookies
it was like little crumbs so the person
ate the cookie like a [ __ ] Savage
left this crumbs on the lips and then
drank some of the milk so you saw the
lip outline with the crumbs
okay and it sounds I'm like I negative
[ __ ] I knew my dad I knew my dad always
had some gross [ __ ] like that at dinner
like he would eat like a savage and then
he would drink whatever his drink was
and he put his
last down and even when I was a little
kid I'd be looking at the glass it would
be disgusting like the remnants of the
food in his lip mark on the glass you
see likes [ __ ] macaroni and cheese
[ __ ] on there like leftover crumbs from
like some [ __ ] chicken cutlets or
some [ __ ] and we just looked disgusting
and when I was a kid I used to look at
it like why don't you just [ __ ] wipe
your lips before you drink it like I was
just sickened by it yeah so I noticed
that on the glass on the milk glass I
was like and then I was walking through
I'll never forget I don't know how old I
was but I was walking through CVS with
my mom and I I just asked her I'm like
Santa's not real right and she was like
caught off guard like she wanted to lie
and keep the [ __ ] thing going yeah
but I hit her with it so out of the blue
that she was just like yeah yeah he's
not and then I think she asked me like
how'd you like how did you what happened
who told you or something and then I
told her the thing about the glass she
was like damn so I figured it out
because I noticed that weird thing and
then also you think that's what if you
like do you think there was any chatter
like I feel like that's such a big it
was before there was any chatter a
hundred percent or there was any chatter
honest I just feel like that's such a
big like mystery secret that like every
kid should as soon as they start being
able to talk and like think it should it
should be debunk you know like yeah but
here's the thing about that and this is
one of the reasons why I think religion
is really bad is that like I was and I
remember being confused at one point
between they would teach you even in
like liberal Catholic you know Sunday
school or whatever's called or us it was
like after school on a certain day it
wasn't Sunday school but it was like
religious teaching like even in the
[ __ ] liberal version of teaching it
there's like one creepy ass teacher who
tries to teach you like Adam and Eve
[ __ ] is like real and then when we got
to when we started learning a little bit
about like evolution or like a teacher
touched on it or something I
remember being like we I was told in
this other [ __ ] that it was Adam and Eve
now I'm being told that we evolved from
smaller [ __ ] things and there was a
moment of confusion and then I realized
okay well the the other [ __ ] is [ __ ]
so like but anyway my point is that once
you're taught to [ __ ] in that realm
from from when you're young and then
you're also taught the [ __ ] of Santa
it's like it doesn't seem that crazy
because you already told that some dude
walked on water that's such a good ass
point like we can't even come to
consensus like we still have people that
don't think like the Holocaust happened
and she likely yeah if we can't come to
consensus on like if the world is flat
or round yes yeah yeah so it takes a
while for a lot of people to learn that
[ __ ] and by the way my bad cuz we got a
little bit of a lag or like a little bit
of cutting in and out on your end so if
I talk over you that's why oh my bed ya
know am i bad I didn't [ __ ] hear you
but I got it now oh I got a new one
today guys oh that's no yo that's fancy
this one's fancy yeah that's the one
that they have in the bottle they're
like do you want water do you want I
just got it at the CVS so really yeah I
got a [ __ ] juice on the ground I like
how he just randomly walked away like
it's okay thousands are weird my water
uh-huh was on the ground by the door I
don't even know why oh I think I turned
the light on and I put it on the ground
because that was a weird spot for it to
