boy oh boy do we have stuff to talk
about I know many of you have been
anxiously awaiting my comments on this
matter and much to the chagrin of
probably everybody involved in this
whole thing I'm gonna do the only thing
I really know how to do which is to be
100% honest with everybody involved and
and give my take and lay it all out
there
so I'm sure most of you have heard about
all this already but nonetheless here we
go rehashing it so a few days ago
this story comes out Young Turks founder
janggu Gore apologized for ugly
insensitive old blog posts exclusive
liberal host once wrote that women are
genetically flawed because they don't
want to have sex often enough so what's
gonna happen is I'm gonna go through
this I'll try to get through it as much
of as possible without commenting and
then you know I'll come back and and
give everybody my take so in other words
I don't really want to go point for
point here I want to get it all out of
the way and then we'll discuss it so
they say Young Turks creator and host
Jake youger made multiple graphic and
disparaging remarks about women in his
early days as a blogger including saying
that women were genetically flawed
because they don't want to have sex
often enough the rapp found the blog
posts from the early 2000s in online
archives in an interview with The Wrap
ugar apologized and said he deleted the
ugly posts a decade ago because quote I
don't stand by them the stuff I wrote
back then was really insensitive and
ignorant you've you're said if you read
that today what I wrote 18 years ago and
you're offended by it you're 100% right
and anyone who is subjected to that
material I apologized to and I deeply
regret having written that stuff when I
was a different guy you ger said he
wrote the posts while he was still a
conservative before he underwent Apple
transformation into a liberal his news
organization The Young Turks now offers
left-leaning stories and commentary
quote if someone said that today I would
heavily criticize them on the show and
rightfully so and I have I've criticized
myself over the years he added I had not
yet matured and I was still conservative
who thought that stuff was politically
incorrect and edgy when you read it now
it looks really honestly ugly and it's
very uncomfortable to read in an entry
from 2000 ugar complained about not
having enough sex while living in Miami
quote it seems like there is a sea of
tits here and I am drinking in tiny
droplets I want to dive into the whole
goddamn ocean he wrote obviously the
genes of women are flawed they are
poorly designed creatures who do not
want to have sex nearly as often as
needed for the human rights to get along
peaceably and truthfully in another
entry rules of dating youger describe
how fast physical intimacy should
progress women ignore these at your
peril he wrote rule 1 there must be some
serious making out by the third date if
you haven't felt your tits by then if I
haven't felt your tits by then things
are going things are not about to last
much longer in fact if you don't get
back on track by the fourth date you're
done he added Rule two there must be an
orgasm by the fifth date you know post
archived in 2003 he wrote about
carousing carousing carousing with the
numerous women in New Orleans while
drunk I had one of the best nights of my
life at Mardi Gras I kissed over 23
different women saw and felt countless
breasts and was in a wonderful drunken
stupor thanks to my friend John Daniels
read the post John Daniels is sometimes
used as a nickname for Jack Daniels
whiskey you were told the rap that all
of the behavior he described had been
consensual the posts were written during
the earliest years of you Gers career as
a journalist on Young Turk calm which
today redirects to a website for the
Young Turks so
I hate to do this but we're gonna do it
let's go to Jenks original blog on this
titled semi-pros in Miami and you know
look we're gonna go through it like I
said some of this stuff is very
uncomfortable to do but my job is always
to be 100% honest with you give you all
the facts and then give you my take on
it and discuss of course the fallout
with justice Democrats so he said I live
in Miami now there are uncredited there
are an incredible amount of outrageously
hot women here in fact there are more
beautiful women here than any other city
I have ever seen the only problem is
that after seeing these girls every day
and not being able to have sex with them
after a while you begin to lose your
mind don't get me wrong I hook up a
decent amount defined as at least make
out with a new girl every six to eight
weeks and have sex with a steady girl at
least once a week but it seems there is
a sea of tits here and I'm drinking in
tiny droplets I want to dive into the
whole goddamn ocean the waves keep
pounding you every night on South Beach
and the more luscious the surf and the
more dry you are the more insanity sets
in on Friday night I talked to
approximately 11 different women at a
new club on the beach most of them were
unfairly beautiful and I must admit I
was fairly charming something even
indicated I was cute but alas no results
the madness froze there are two problems
which I will get into greater detail on
later but for now suffice to say there
are one too many semi-professional
 in Miami to the genes that God
gave women one in other places in the US
when I tell girls that I quit law to
become a talk-show host they get excited
because it indicates how I might
actually be an interesting person that
does have that has done something
unusual and hence cool thing with his
life in Miami it is seen as a clear
decrease in earning potential and is
heavily frowned upon I have never seen
girls get so turned off as when I tell
them Miami girl I no longer practice law
this reckoning this reaction is
sickening in its depraved
blatant Asst this happened again on
Friday night when I told what seemed to
a sweet fifth to I think it's both
say what seemed to be a sweet fifth
grade teacher my story she lost all
interest quickly lost her sweet smile
and literally switched seats so as not
to sit next to the man that threw away
such good future earning potential
number two obviously the genes of women
are flawed they are poorly designed
creatures who do not want to have sex
nearly as often as needed for the human
race to get along peaceably and
fruitfully so the first time I read that
I have to admit I'm a little I don't
know what the right word is I'm a little
on the spectrum if you will and I'm a
very literal-minded person so when I
read through this the first time I
thought okay well I don't know that's
like the textbook definition of sexism
to say the genes of women are flawed
there are poorly designed creatures now
I I've spoken to a bunch of people about
this and I have to say that my reading
of this has changed from the first time
I read it and I don't given the total
context I think that's poking fun at
himself he's basically like whining
about how he can't get laid and then
he's saying well I mean look obviously
it's not my fault it's the genes of
women they're flawed and they don't want
to have sex enough like so I think this
is and he described it at the time oh
I'm trying to be politically incorrect
and edgy and stuff but I don't think
this is you know a thesis of his I don't
think this is an actual belief of his
nor do I actually I don't think it was a
belief of his back when this was written
in 1999 when I when I read it when I
read it a second time third time fourth
time I thought no my own literal
mindedness is getting in the way and I
it's not it's not a statement of fact I
think what he's doing is he's he's
poking fun at himself for not being able
to get laid
now some of you might say well Kyle
you're not you're an idiot for not yet
that originally maybe I don't know maybe
I am an idiot for not being able to like
perceive the the satirical nature of
this originally but I didn't perceive it
originally and then when I keep reading
it over and over now I do kind of see it
because again he's whining about how
much he can't get laid
now this to me so this line was the
operative thing that led to a tremendous
backlash obviously the genes of women
are flawed now in my mind and some
people might disagree with this but I
have to be totally honest with you guys
in my mind everything else he said like
oh the Deline about it seems like
there's a sea of tits here and I'm
drinking in tiny droplets there are some
people who may be very very outraged by
that in my mind you remember how I hate
to make this comparison but it's
actually going to make sense so I have
to make this comparison you remember
when Trump got caught with a grand by
the I don't even wait and then
they said afterwards that's just locker
room talk well number one I don't think
that was locker room talk because Trump
said I grabbed him by the quote I
don't even wait so the problem wasn't
the grabbing him by the the
problem was that I don't even wait
because that implies no consent but when
I read what jenk said here a sea of tits
and I'm drinking in tiny droplets and I
want to dive into the ocean to me that
is actual locker room talk you know
that's how young men talk and you might
say that's crass and you might be right
but I don't think that there's anything
there that is unforgiveable by any
stretch of the imagination there were
other things that Janke said that were
also part of this controversy and people
use this to try to say hey recently he
also is showing the same mindset that he
showed back when he wrote these blogs in
the late 1990s and early 2000s and they
point to these Suites the improbable
breasts in Miami are only matched by the
improbable butts this place makes LA
look real hashtag Miami this is from 20
the next one just when I think Miami is
all done it pulls me back in the women
on the island are outrageously almost
unacceptably hot again I think this is
just standard regular guy talk now again
this line here I think is the operative
line that people were very outraged by
and there was a backlash over but upon
me reading at a 2nd 3rd 4th time I now
do think it's kind of satirical and I
don't I don't view it as an actual
belief of his back then nevermind today
there's a zero chance he believes any of
that today
so in the wake of this article being
published justice Democrats and jankier
have split ways here now jankier has
said he's going to still continue to
individually support all the candidates
of justice Democrats but he's going to
do from the outside of the organization
not on the inside and I can give
everybody the mechanics of what happened
so when people on the staff saw these
things that he said the overwhelming
majority of them said basically look it
it's him or us so either he steps down
as a face of the movement because a face
of the movement should have said these
things about women under no
circumstances so it's either him or us
either you know he stays in which case
you need an entire new staff to do all
the difficult infrastructure work or he
goes as a public face of the movement
and the staff stays and we continue
doing all the infrastructure work and
all the work necessary to move forward
now jenk handled this in as mature away
as possible because Jenks said listen i
this isn't about me this was never about
me
this is about the canned
this is about the policies that they're
fighting for so I'm going to he offered
his resignation he offered he said okay
I'm going given the the reaction that
this is causing in the staff this isn't
a hard decision i I will voluntarily
resign and you know you guys can keep
fighting on and I'll support you from
outside the organization the Justice
Democrats statement that announced his
resignation wasn't cordial it was framed
in very venomous way and in a way I
don't agree with they intimated that
Genk was sexist and racist and they said
Genk is part of the patriarchy I don't
agree with that they said that he abused
his power like other officials which
implies that there's some sort of a
parallel or a comparison between Janke
and guys like representative Conyers or
genk and Al Franken I reject that
implication and I reject that comparison
I don't agree with that at all
in a retweet they even implied that his
words and actions quote perpetuate rape
culture I couldn't disagree with that
any more strongly than I do
even if you agree with the harshest
interpretation of Jencks comments they
were made 18 years ago and for over a
decade he's come to be the polar
opposite kind of person in fact jank has
run his company and a newsroom for over
a decade and there have been a grand
total of zero complaints made against
him so I am I am on the board member I'm
on the board of justice Democrats and I
was faced with a decision among the
other board members I'm not the only
person I either override the majority
the overwhelming majority of the staff
in which case I'm undemocratic
or I don't try to override the
overwhelming majority of the staff in
which case on some level on being
spineless I didn't have the power or the
leadership authority to look at the
overwhelming majority of the staff and
say I'm not going to take your concerns
to heart and I'm gonna have jank stay on
nor did jank say listen I don't care I'm
gonna override the will of the
overwhelming majority the staff and I'm
gonna stay on so for this reason of
strong differences strong disagreements
with the staff I'm gonna be stepping
down from justice Democrats now I don't
want people to take this the wrong way I
still with all of my heart believe that
all of those members of the staff are
vital and they're very important and I
respect each and every one of them and
the work that they put in must be fully
appreciated because it really was a lot
of work and it's really stuff that I
don't have the skill set to do on my own
and they bring something very important
to the left-wing movement
it's beyond crucial that each and every
one of us still support the candidates
because the candidates had nothing to do
with any of this
every single one of the candidates has
my support they all still support
Medicare for all and free college and a
living wage and ending the wars and a
new new deal and getting money out of
politics and they weren't even involved
in this drama or the fallout or the or
the very quick decision-making so I want
everybody to know that I'm not just
saying that that even though I'm
resigning from justice Democrats each
and every candidate still deserves our
support still deserves our donations
still deserves our time to actually put
in work at the grassroots level and to
fight for them to get elected so that we
can get our vision implemented basically
what this comes down to is an amicable
split between the media wing of Justice
Democrats and the remainder of the staff
of justice Democrats and I want
everybody to be respectful to all
parties involved here and to understand
that this what's going on right now this
is nothing it's drama that will come and
go within a few days or a week or two
and then we all still have to fight for
a better future for everybody we all
still have to win on the policy issues
that matter and I have full confidence
that every single candidate will fight
for those things so that's pretty much
everything I have to say on the matter
and I hope that all of you even if you
are upset about the departure of genk
and myself from the organization of
Justice Democrats I hope all of you will
do your best to dig down and not be
petty or vindictive about this and to
throw the baby out with the bathwater I
hope you will understand that it truly
is it's it's my wishes and my will and
Jencks wishes and Jencks will that
despite the differences with the
organization of Justice Democrats on the
staff of Justice Democrats the
candidates of Justice Democrats
literally had nothing to do with any of
this and they're still fighting for all
the right policies and they all deserve
our support
