there's a twitter user named JP Brammer
and he's a an LGBTQ mexican-american who
grew up in Oklahoma and in fact I think
it was a rural Oklahoma he said he
mostly lived around white people so
that's an interesting situation to be in
if you're an LGBTQ mexican-american
growing up around mostly white people in
rural Oklahoma I mean that's Wow
that's got to be an eye-opening
experience but somebody sent this to me
on Twitter and I apologize for not
remembering who's the one who sent it to
me but he did a tweet storm after the
election that broke down Trump's appeal
in a way that I think is honestly the
most accurate and spot-on attempt to
discuss the the Trump phenomenon so let
me show you what he said here he starts
off by saying so I'm a mexican-american
from a poor rural mostly white town in
Oklahoma missing from this debate how
poor whites see themselves so let's
pause just to reflect on the fact that
you usually get two camps when it comes
to hey why did Trump win one camp says
and this is usually the people who are
more tied in with establishment
Democrats and more on the side of
Hillary Clinton they usually say it was
just the racism and the bigotry and the
sexism and the xenophobia that's what
that's why he won and notice that's kind
of a convenient argument for them
because then they get to blame Trump
winning on the inherent shittiness of
everybody who voted for him so it
absolves them of not winning over the
people they needed to win over because
you go
and then whatever their [ __ ] bad
people anyway their shitty people so
what we gonna do so that's the one piece
of the puzzle is she's racist and sexist
and bigots and all that but then the
other piece of the puzzle and this is
you know people who are more more Bernie
supporters would say well no it's not
that it's that he did do
anti-establishment rhetoric he did rail
against trade he did say he was gonna
look out for workers all he did was talk
against TPP in the rallies in the
during the end of the election at the
end of the election in the Rust Belt and
then guess what he won the Rust Belt
anyone the presidency even though he
lost popular vote so it was the economic
populism which is why you won well I
think JP Brammer does a good job here so
he's gonna say and this is an argument
that I've made it's both things some
plenty of people voted for him because
he's a bigot and they agreed with those
bigoted policies but then there are many
people who overlooked his bigotry and
said I think he might bust up the
establishment which I want somebody to
do and I think he might look out for my
job and protected from being outsourced
there are people who voted for Obama
twice that then voted for Trump you
can't just call them races and sexes and
bigots because they're not that's not
true but the answer is both
so it's both of those things is why
Trump won some people voted for the
anti-establishment reason some people
voted because he's a bigot I mean David
Duke he's like yeah he hates brown
people too so - I well JP Brammer puts
this even more in perspective he
continues quote if you're wondering how
poor exploited white people could vote
for a dude with a golden elevator who
will [ __ ] them over here's how they
don't see themselves as poor they don't
base their identity on it they see
themselves as temporarily embarrassed
millionaires this stigma against poverty
is incredibly strong it is shameful to
be poor to not have the comforts of the
middle class so they pretend that they
aren't poor they are willing to lie to
make it seem like they aren't poor they
purchase things to make it seem like
they're not in my town wealth wasn't
associated with greed but with hard work
and inherent goodness you are blessed if
you have material wealth when they see
Trump they don't see an extortionist who
is rich because of the very conditions
that keep their own communities in
poverty they see someone who worked hard
and was justly rewarded with wealth most
men especially think they could - they
too could be Trump were it not for the
unfair obstacles put in their way white
men who don't consider themselves
successful enough
so many excuses for their failures the
idea that immigrants are the reason they
are poor and not wealthy like Trump is
so appealing it takes all the shame and
blame away and here we have a man who
they think tells it like it is and is
willing to name the things stealing
prosperity out of their hands
if these people saw themselves as an
exploited class of people if American
culture didn't stigmatize poverty so
much it might be different but America
has so entangled wealth and goodness and
poverty with moral deficiency that they
can't build that identity they won't
Trump is rich and so according to
American criteria he is also wise fair
moral deserving strong clever he has to
be capitalism and the American Dream
teach that poverty is a temporary state
that can be transcended with hard work
and cleverness to fail to transcend
poverty and to admit you are poor is to
admit you are neither hard-working nor
clever its cultural brainwashing so if
an exploited class of people don't want
to admit they're exploited and they
blame themselves for their oppression
what manifests xenophobia hatred of
anyone who is different queer people
people of color these people are eroding
the goodness of America and if they
would just stop just stop ruining
America then the perfect design of
America could work again and deliver
prosperity I'm telling you as someone
who has spent almost his entire life in
this environment that if you think
cities are a bubble good god but the
reality is of course that these people
are indeed exploited and they are
victims even while they victimize others
victimized us how you balance those
realities and what conclusions you reach
to improve the lives of both well I'm
not smart enough to have the answer yes
you are smart enough to have the answer
because that was a brilliant brilliant
tweet storm there and it takes that last
missing piece of the
puzzle that I haven't vocalized I have
been put it into words and expressed it
maybe at times I have in other stories
but this really put a front and center
and I had the lightbulb effect I went oh
that's right that's the final little
missing piece which is the stigma of
poverty and you see this across the
board in the u.s. it's definitely really
heavy in Republican circles if you're
poor you're a bad person to them that's
your fault
that's your oh you're you're poor I
don't care the other facts that go
hand-in-hand with that what that shows
is a sign of immorality it shows that
you're not a hard-working decent
American this is why they cut all the
social safety net programs and they feel
totally fine in doing that because they
think well that money those people don't
deserve that money they don't deserve it
this is a handout this is not in attempt
to alleviate extreme poverty that's
that's in existence because of the
nature of the system that exploits them
and [ __ ] them over no they view it as
we're giving these people and unfair
hand up and we're breeding dependence
for them to stay on these programs and
it it chips away at their moral fiber
and if they're not wealthy it's because
they're not good people and we look at
rich people and we go oh that must be
because they're they're a genius they're
clever they're intelligent they're the
most moral they know the most stuff I
mean look at how even a guy like Mark
Cuban who's not smart he's just not
smart but they treat him like ah mark
Mark Cuban couldn't figure out [ __ ]
net neutrality you know he said dude you
don't want big government [ __ ]
control in the inner the [ __ ] you
talk about so he's with
he's the only person in the country who
agrees with algid pie cuz he's not that
smart he didn't figure I he's not that
smart but because he has a lot of money
people go oh is more Cuban gonna run
against Donald Trump but the foot why
what are you talking about or the rock
the rock who's a movie star by the way I
like the rock so nothing against the
rock personally but the idea that when
we know nothing about what his policy
beliefs are the idea that the media
would say well I know the rock should
run against why why because he's rich
he's a megastar
and he's rich and you know him he must
be good he's got a shitload of money
must be good the goldman sachs [ __ ]
over the entire country these are people
it's been proven that they would sell
packages to unsuspecting clients that
were full of the toxic subprime
mortgages they knew that these packages
were [ __ ] and that eventually the that
they would tank but they sold it to
people and said hey you know you need to
get on this because you're gonna make a
lot of money if you get involved with
these packages here if you invest so
unsuspecting people did that because
they thought goldman sachs were experts
and they got hosed
so goldman sachs committed fraud they
knew this product was shitty they sold
it as if it was good they made money off
those people and they don't see the
problem is and you still have the CEO of
goldman sachs lloyd blankfein
public figure everybody he's uninvited
on CNBC yay tell us what you think about
x y&z Steve minuchin Gary Cohn people
from Goldman Sachs in the Trump
administration writing the tax plan
writing the tax plan controlling our
government policy in what world does it
make sense that these people are proven
frauds and criminals but now polite
society shoes Moo look Goldman Sachs you
must be an expert talk to me because
they're rich because they're rich if
you're rich or moral I don't care how
you got the money I don't care about the
backstory I don't give a [ __ ] if you
exploited everybody in their mother in
the process I don't give a [ __ ] it
you run but like you know Walmart for
example or something where they keep
their [ __ ] workers on starvation
wages they don't pay a living wage they
don't pay a living wage if they make
billions in profits they pay people less
than they can live on but if you're the
CEO or something Hillary was on wall
much Walmart's board but they treat her
Oh Hillary Clinton tell me about things
you know stuff
she was exploiting the [ __ ] out of
people we have an economy that feeds off
the exploitation of poor workers and
even middle-class workers you're
exploiting these people some of the
hardest-working people I know are in
poverty
I know people who work two jobs three
jobs they sleep [ __ ] five hours a
night four hours a night not to get up
super old bust ass bust ass they work
harder than any [ __ ] CEO I've ever
seen but they make one you know they
make the CEO makes eighty times more
than they do hundred times more three
hundred times more how could that be
because the system is built on
exploitation but deep in American
culture is this notion if you're poor
it's your fault pull yourself up by your
bootstraps but if only Americans would
understand it's not your fault say are
there some people who are lazy and
choose to be lazy and so they don't make
a lot of money I'm sure I'm sure there's
some out there but the overwhelming
majority of people are doing their
absolute best to keep their head above
water and it's the nature of the system
that keeps them down because it's not a
system that's fair it's not a system
that's a meritocracy the fundamental
idea in the minds of these poor people
who voted for Trump is the country's
already a meritocracy so he made it to
the top of it so we got to respect him
because he knows stuff we don't he has
to be brilliant and clever and the most
moral but no well you don't understand
is the system isn't anywhere near a
meritocracy power
Hylton is massively rich how did she get
that she's a genius know the [ __ ]
inherited wealth Donald Trump's dad was
worth 400 million dollars
he slides and says I got a small loan of
a million dollars first of all small
loan of a million ours I know people who
would die for a small loan of a million
dollars but second of all that was
before his dad died when his dad died he
got way more than that born with a
silver spoon in his mouth he went
bankrupt I think it was over seven times
all these are bankrupt bankrupt bankrupt
bankrupt have you ever gone bankrupt No
so at least in one sense you're a much
better businessman than Donald Trump
so the notion of being wealthy meaning
you're more moral you're more clever
it's just objectively not true there are
many billionaires who are [ __ ] idiots
there are and there are many people who
are super poor who are geniuses there's
many people who are super poor who are
more hard-working than some CEO who sits
on his ass look at what happened with
Wall Street they bankrupted their
companies crash the world economy then
they got bailed out they got bailed out
and then they paid bonuses to the people
who made the decisions that bankrupted
their companies and crash the economy so
see how it's rigged you do well here's a
bonus here's a tremendous amount of
money you crash the economy and you
bankrupt your company here's the money
anyway so there's no way you can look at
the system and say oh this is [ __ ] a
meritocracy this they're the smartest
they're the that's why they have all the
money no no they rigged the process big
business bought the government they
rigged the process in their favor
against the middle class and against the
poor but if you are infected with that
ideology well obviously Trump is
brilliant because he's he won he won at
this game because he's the most clever
he's the most moral he's the most
intelligent well you just been had
you've been took because that's not true
so he
you have a guy who's thrived on
exploiting you he Donald Trump committed
fraud with Trump the Trump University he
called it a university it wasn't a
university he promised you would make
people out of money it did make people a
lot of money he had people who were
known con men teaching the class people
who were it had gone to prison for being
con men they did classic tricks up
selling oh I know you paid however much
to get in here five hundred dollars but
now you got to pay another five hundred
if you really want the secrets its
exploitation its fraud he literally had
to pay out millions of dollars because
it was fraud and some people think all
this guy's a genius who's just harder
working than ever no he's a billionaire
exploiting people alleged billionaire
exploiting people so that's a great
point
so Trump's appeal yes there are the
people who love Trump because he's a
bigot and he was kind of open about that
there are people who love Trump because
they thought he would be
anti-establishment and bust up the
system that's definitely part of it as
well
they thought hey maybe I'll keep my job
in the country because he's talking
against trade and all that but then the
other piece of the puzzle is there are a
lot of people who look at a guy like
Trump and because of the cultural
brainwashing that anybody who's rich has
to be the hardest-working has to be the
most moral has to be the best because of
that cultural brainwashing and the fact
that Trump acts like that's the case I
am the most tremendous unbelievable they
fell for it hook line and sinker and if
there was some sort of class class
consciousness and if people understood
everybody who's middle class and poor
struggling and it's time for us to come
together to fight the rich if they
understood that then there's no way he
would have gotten elected the oldest
trick in the book is rich elites hitting
the middle class against the poor and
usually it's middle class white people
against poor people of color it doesn't
have to be but oftentimes that's the
case or it's even poor white people
against poor people of color
and you escape goat you say oh those
[ __ ] immigrants are the reason that
you're you're in trouble for the [ __ ]
Muslims are the reason there these are
the people holding you back and then
they run out the back door with all the
money blame people who have no money and
no power run out the back door with all
the money rig the rig the economy in
their favor
and then all the while sell to you know
I'm at this top position in society
because I worked so hard and I'm so
moral and clever and genius and
brilliant it's all [ __ ] it's time
for working-class people middle-class
people poor people to band together and
to realize the same policies would help
us all Medicare for all living wage free
college strong unions ending the wars
reinvesting in our infrastructure at
home those things help everybody so it's
time to sell that vision and to break
free of the cultural brainwashing that
led people to believe well obviously
Trump's a genius because he's rich
he's not and that's the truth
