hello everybody.welcome what's up
welcome to the Kyle and Koren Show
podcast see I got a new overhead light
in this room oh do you yeah I usually
have that little gangster light in the
background that is my light but we had
this handyman come to our crib we got a
new roof
first off wait y-you got a new roof yeah
we had to get a new roof because that
[ __ ] was leaking like a [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] how bad was it was a leaking
everywhere
it wasn't bad but I think I think this
isn't like the house we bought was built
in like 93 so it's not bad at all no
it's not bad but I don't think they've
had a new roof since then oh okay
and we had like a bad rainstorm one time
and in our bedroom there was like a spot
on the [ __ ] and I think it was just time
for a new roof anyway it was just one
spot that was leaking yeah that we saw
other [ __ ] could have been on some like
[ __ ] up [ __ ] and we just didn't know
and it's about to like explode in my
place there's an area where I still
don't know what causes it but like it's
almost like condensation comes out of
the wall because there's a skylight in
one part oh yeah and then so it's like
like 90 degrees 95 degrees outside in
the summer and then it's cool it's like
65 66 degrees inside and then for
whatever reason I don't know if whoever
lived there before me was a smoker and
then it comes like so when the wall like
the water comes out of the wall a little
bit it's like dirty and I was like
looking at it like oh that might be like
[ __ ] mold and I'm gonna die in eight
seconds yeah there's plenty of [ __ ] that
like when they paint like we painted the
railings in our house mm-hmm I don't
have a [ __ ] mask on for like the
whole month we're doing it like there's
definitely like when you hit when you
tap a wall in an old building and like
that little dust particle [ __ ] comes off
like there's like asbestos [ __ ] in there
like whatever it is it's not good it's
oakley's [ __ ] because it has all the
time and so there are like streaks of
like dirty water in a certain area and I
can't keep up with it because like every
day it'll it'll
we little bit oh no bugs me out is that
so we got a roof done and like when you
get your roof done it's like a whole
project like it's like it's dumb
expensive yeah it's insane so it's a
whole [ __ ] thing
it took them one day to do that whole
[ __ ] and it's like that's bad money
but it's like they're just normal people
also like they just like pretty much
have the authority and like so like just
rip off your whole roof where if I
wasn't like scared of heights and just
figured out how to rip up a roof like
they had to do research on this [ __ ]
like they probably didn't go to college
now you're thinking like our age you're
like oh how can I save some money by
trying to figure this out myself but
then if you start doing it you'll
immediately be like [ __ ] this I want
somebody else to do it it's just so
expensive for them to do in a day like
at least take a [ __ ] week or two to
do that [ __ ] make me be like all right
it was worth $6,000 or some [ __ ] like
don't do that is that how much it like
it was like five thousand six thousand
dollars some [ __ ] I mean and it looks
the same like it's funny cuz like why is
that something that needs to be updated
like wouldn't you think like when you
buy a place
whatever the roof is like it's just
gonna be good in the same way that like
it's not like you need a new floor after
a certain amount of time but you can
keep your floor forever so it's not like
but with the roof it's different it's
like oh yeah well the way they make it
it's like they make it so that it'll
[ __ ] up eventually no and then you're
like batteries like we've talked about
this [ __ ] just make a [ __ ] like
undying you're building a [ __ ] house
why don't you think like why don't the
the [ __ ] sidewalls on a house like
have to be replaced yeah like they get
just as much rain on that [ __ ] like when
a rainstorm comes through then the
[ __ ] roof does yeah it should be the
most powerful [ __ ] thinking about all
that stuff is like it's like a full-time
thing to like think about okay
everything needs to be updated
what did like it's just a pain in the
ass to think about it cuz if you're
somebody like me you never that doesn't
cross your mind you don't want to think
about that [ __ ] well and it's [ __ ] you
don't think about when you're growing up
like Oh in a house with your parents
like but until you own a house there's
so much [ __ ] that is just like you don't
[ __ ] think about like our windows
there was a little leak in our window
and we had to like put these plastic
shits over our window because like the
ice will get in and you like freeze your
window and that's real bad and like all
the stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] that like when you
go to look at a house you can't you
can't see half of that stuff you know
yeah and you definitely don't think
about it you don't know you're naive to
it all but listen [ __ ] who's
selling you this [ __ ] isn't gonna be
like oh yeah you're gonna have to get
all that [ __ ] face but like that's the
[ __ ] I don't even want to know about it
so it's kind of annoys me it's like I
don't want like there's not enough room
in my head for all that [ __ ] I don't
want to know it like I don't want I've
never been like a handy dude I don't but
I don't want to be I don't like it it
would be good for reasons like you
stated like okay I'll save some money by
doing this thing myself but I'm lazy as
[ __ ] and I already feel like there's not
enough room in my brain to remember all
the [ __ ] that I got to remember that
like you're gonna add on top of it and
you're sacrificing something else so
like my [ __ ] wife her her boss her
boss's husband is like one of those
dudes and she always says she's like oh
well this lady's what a husband can do
this and that and fixes this I was like
yeah but he probably can't make her
[ __ ] laugh yeah there's it's there's
ups and downs man there's ups and downs
like yeah everybody's everybody's got
pluses everybody's got minuses
everybody's like a package deal like
okay this person is a good provider but
they have no personality or this person
has a bangin personality but they're not
gonna provide for like there's something
there's there's a trade-off at some
point you know I mean it's that's with
everything like Shaquille O'Neal like
you he's one of the best [ __ ] like
centers of all time but he couldn't
shoot a jump shot like everyone has the
floor you just have to fly it like find
that [ __ ] so if someone's over there
like raving about someone now go all
that person is great he probably has a
little dick or some [ __ ] or probably
something wrong with it
no perfect [ __ ] person out there yeah
that's so funny I mean there's people
always there a lot of people do
overcompensation like
there will be somebody who was fat and
then because they were self-conscious
about being fat they become a gym rat
and then they get really healthy you
know like that's something that happens
seen that happen a million times
I was super since I was so skinny at one
point that I went through a phase of
like I'm gonna I'm gonna be a gym rat
yeah but even I mean like but there's
always someone that's gonna be [ __ ]
way bigger or some [ __ ] and you're just
gonna look at them and be like I'll
never be like that [ __ ] I never
I always thought the bodybuilder look
was a little silly when it got too big
you know what I mean some of them dudes
like you [ __ ] look at them and it's
just like that doesn't look natural it's
not that it's not not just that it
doesn't look natural it looks like
ridiculous it looks like you're not
there's a certain point there's like a
tipping point like okay here's as big as
you can get and then if you go above
this it's like what are you doing bro
yeah but they don't think that way they
think like no it's like like just push
it as far as you can go and then that's
like people with [ __ ] plastic surgery
too it's like my point they just stop
realizing what they just want a perfect
look in their mind little Kim was like
sexy yeah yeah yeah yeah did you see how
much plastic yeah it's not pretty
yes or even like a Michael Jackson or
some [ __ ] like dude you know just
getting more [ __ ] up and more [ __ ]
up like these big people in Hollywood
are just addicted to plastic surgery and
like Botox and all this you've got to
set a hard rule you got to be like okay
I'm limiting myself to a grand total of
like two or three surgeries and that's
it and that's it can't go past it
because there's little like a little nip
and tuck like okay you can get it and it
might even look natural if you get one
or two things if you go beyond that who
you're rolling the dice man even Kim
Kardashian now starting to look like
really bizarre
well they I think the younger one got
her lips injected and then got them like
out and ejected or some [ __ ] like they
took two shits out well that's what she
said she was like oh I got it rid of it
and people are probably like no you're
just saying that but just like a [ __ ]
bartender can go to jail for like
serving someone that that drink that
puts them over a limit till I get them
in a car crash or some [ __ ] like you
know how bartenders are responsible like
for being the ones that serve the drink
yeah there's some level of culpability I
guess yeah
why not why can't we find like a little
Kim's doctor [ __ ] and Jaylyn be
like that doesn't look normal when she
came in to you the ninth time well
that's interesting cuz I said that's
unfair men I feel like that's on her cuz
like the dude who's doing and he's just
trying to make money so he's not gonna
he's gonna do whatever she wants you
know yeah but to app I mean like so a
drunk guy going up to the bar just wants
a drink yeah I mean listen I I don't
know how I feel about that bartender
thing to to be honest you don't think
the boy yeah I'm sort of against that
one also because there's always that
thing where they could have gotten
[ __ ] up at a house party or some [ __ ]
and then they go to a bar and order one
drink like stealing from someone don't
get me wrong it's the bartender should
at a certain point and honestly in to my
recollection I think most of them do
this where they do hit a point where
they're like you're good like I'm not
gonna ever seen that I've never seen I
don't think I've seen a bartender like
no you cannot you can't serve your buddy
maybe like someone who's like flopped on
the bar that's what I'm saying like at
that point it'd be like okay man you're
good but like so they should act
responsibly but I'm saying
legally holding them responsible because
somebody was a total [ __ ] idiot and
and tried to drive a car when they were
[ __ ] up I don't it's hard for me to
think of the bartenders being
responsible for that you know yeah I
guess that I mean that goes to that
whole like I listen to Jimmy door on
Rogaine and they were having a
discussion about what's the name Alex
Jones or whatever mm-hmm
about how they should have it should or
should not abandon from YouTube it's
almost like he got into the bar he's not
driving yet he's in a bar where you
serve alcohol can you not serve him you
know like do you have to remove him from
the bar like do you remove someone from
YouTube because they're being a being
you know basically drunk you know yeah I
mean I don't think I think YouTube is
insulated from any lawsuits that might
come Alex Jones way so like they're just
a platform if somebody has a problem
with that they have to sue Alex Jones
and there are laws
going on with Alex Jones right now but
this is something I was talking about -
I mean I'm the king of dunking on Alex
Jones but I didn't like the idea either
of banning him like I get the idea of if
you want to pull down specific very
specific things that were like okay so
let's say when he spoke about he said
Sandy Hook the shooting at Sandy Hook
was a conspiracy like if you want to
pull that it definitely if he if he ever
doxxed people like oh here the families
and their son didn't really die and
here's their address and here's their
name if he did that pull down that
segment immediately yeah sure yeah
anytime your daxing or actually
threatening violence I get pulling down
those segments but outside of those of
that I can't I can't agree to banning
him completely because it's just it's
beyond a slippery slope cuz we already
know that they're terrible at like
enforcing stuff like this objectively so
if we're gonna use it to come after
independent voices who have outsider
opinions I mean that's already the case
look what happened with ad pocalypse so
it's like you nobody should be begging
YouTube to [ __ ] censor more you know
indeed platform or any social media
apparently Alex Jones just just got
banned for seven days now on Twitter
Twitter was the last social media
platform that was like no he could still
use our platform it's you know but then
now they just for seven days I don't
know the exact reason they gave but for
seven days he's been suspended it's
almost like like those seven days are
gonna make him [ __ ] like realize what
a bad man he is anything to come back
and be like everything I said was wrong
and those seven days changed my life
well you know the other [ __ ] up thing
is what really happens in these
situations are reported on the fact that
his app became like the third or fourth
most popular app in all of Apple after
this that shows that it's almost like
now he gets more press because he's been
banned as a result of getting more press
more people know about him
I think people call this the Streisand
effect because they spoke about that in
that podcast would you mean or that
you're talking about how Barbara
Streisand sued some photographer for
taking a picture of her house
you can [ __ ] take picture of my house
and then that became national news and
then everybody knew where the [ __ ] her
house was when if she just let that dude
take the pictures and not sue him then
not as many people would have known so
there's kind of the same thing happening
with Alex Jones I mean he lost a giant
platform with YouTube but yeah it looks
like they might make it up in other ways
so I mean sense it just doesn't you know
when you ban something people want it
more it becomes exclusive it becomes
like you can't get it look at what
happened with the unite the right thing
so the last year there was the unite the
right rally and it was all these [ __ ]
crazy neo-nazi type people and that was
where Heather hire got ran over with the
car there was an act of terror or white
supremacist did that [ __ ] and then shows
the Charlottesville thing yeah and then
this year they had been the second one
the unite the right rally 2.0 or
whatever one of the guys who create it
was like no this isn't for neo-nazis we
don't want neo-nazis yah-yah-yah
whatever anyway long story short they
didn't ban it because we have free
speech in this country what happened
only 20 or 25 people showed up and then
there were thousands of counter
protesters and that's my point is that
if you just let it out they're usually
usually the reaction will be much
stronger than the initial negative stuff
you know mm-hmm
so did I think that's the best way to
address these things yeah I agree
son how big did I fail earlier with my
candy choice yeah you sent me a picture
of what do they even call the fries
jujyfruits those shits were made in 1917
all of them were made all of them were
they had excess stock like maybe 20
years ago someone found an abandoned
warehouse with those shits in them and
they're like [ __ ] it let's just sell
these shits again and they just have
been still ever since 1917 here's how I
would describe it imagine the taste of
Mike and Ikes
except significantly worse and then
imagine the Mike and Ikes being like 30
times harder than they are that's what
that's what you G for it is what the
[ __ ] was I thinking when I bought that
I'll tell you I'll tell you what was
going on in my mind first of all I saw
the picture of the box and I was like
that [ __ ] looks bangin okay but then I
knew on some level I knew like Kyle
every single time you've had those
shifts they've been so hard that it was
not a good idea to get those shits but I
was like but I remember them tasting
good even though they were hard and then
I thought well maybe when I got him the
last time like [ __ ] 10 years ago they
were just like worn some stale [ __ ] and
like but and then so I bought it and it
is this they were even more stale and
more hard than the last ones
and then the crazy thing is it didn't
even taste as good as I remember it
tasting like there's some that are good
but like there's a grape one and that
[ __ ] tastes like straight-up medicine
making ass cheeks mm-hmm it's just
[ __ ] it's so gross I'm like why did I
get this that is supposed to just be the
candy that you get on Halloween as like
a throwing yeah it comes in that little
[ __ ] yellow box your housing business
growing how was that company still in
business making they've got to be owned
by so like Mars company or some bigger
[ __ ] and that's just like their ass
cheeks candy that they just pawn off
what all this [ __ ] all the extra syrups
I'm the only person that bought that
since like 1999 yeah like I might get
something to mail from them like some
Willy Wonka [ __ ] [ __ ] like come to
our factory because you bought our candy
like you're mad well I'll tell you what
I tried though for the first time that
was really banging Heath bars
have you read heath bar I've been on
Heath bars since 88 that's my [ __ ]
unbelievably delicious and unbelievably
underrated Heath bars Bane and then have
you had peanut chews yes they're good
too peanut chews are [ __ ] I think
it's only an East Coast thing because
they don't know about it in Chicago and
every time I go back to New York my
friends like did you bring me a peanut
chew I'm like well let me ask you this
do you have you tried and do you like
Charleston shoes I'm torn on Charleston
shoes I'm like try it again son you'll
love them they're so like 67% on them
now they're good I remember my friend
first told me about it he was like
listen it's like a delicious chocolate
bar but it's got like marshmallow inside
and I was like I don't really [ __ ] with
marshmallows that much so this [ __ ] is
probably not gonna be that good and I
ate it and I was like this is the most
delicious [ __ ] I ever had in my life you
know are banging
frozen they're pretty good too but
peanut chews on my goat like I could
house a box of peanut like a like a
seven thousand box of peanut chews I'm
I love peanuts use I try his folks
person for peanuts I mean I wanted to
try new like candies that's why I tried
to Keith bar and bar so good i Lauren
dude I doubt this was one of those
things where I was like on the way to
checkout at the CVS and I just grabbed
