attempt numero dos yeah on the podcast
it's just we don't have good luck with
this [ __ ] no no we were talking for like
five minutes and then I randomly could
not hear a goddamn word corn was saying
and it was registering like you guys
probably could hear it but I couldn't
hear it so you how can you continue a
podcast when I can't hear you should be
able to write to Skype and [ __ ] get
like a free membership even though this
[ __ ] is free anyway I um I sent a note
to Chipotle because I had these this kid
in my office actually had to pass down
buy-one-get-one cards January from March
so he was like all there expired
whatever I was like oh give him to me so
I wrote to Chipotle and some lady hit me
back and she's gonna send me to two new
ones with like new or expiration dates
on them that's a lot you deserve
whatever the discount is that you got
you deserve it for doing that work
because that work I was mad nice to her
because um I was just like nice I was
like oh I go to this Chipotle I love you
guys bah blah I sent her a picture of
the two coupons and I circled the
expired date on them I was like let me
know if you want me to send them back
and she hit me back I was like yeah send
them back so I'm hoping because I was
nice that she looked me up with like
here 20 free [ __ ] burrito coupons
damn do they give out free burrito
coupons because that was the best thing
ever
yeah Molly once wrote to them because
the Chipotle we go to was they were out
of forks uh-huh
so she wrote them an old was like you
know how you guys had a Forks blah blah
and they sent her to free like bowl
burrito or quesadilla joint if you if
you got like a hundred of those that's
like literally a hundred separate meals
dude people do that I mean like it's
very underrated reaching out to a
company and they'll like they're gonna
take care of you because one they want
your business and to like if you do it
on Twitter like if you had a problem
with some [ __ ] and you tweeted it they
would [ __ ] give you everything
because the amount of file
good people with like six followers and
no picture like and write some [ __ ] like
yo Nike what the [ __ ] you like my shoes
a little too tight they're like hey man
please reach out to us via here send
back this and we'll send you some free
[ __ ] you know if someone with some juice
said something it's a rap like if you
really had a problem at Chipotle and
tweeted that [ __ ] it's over it's [ __ ]
over I was this close to doing that with
health insurance when my health
insurance company was [ __ ] me over oh
they don't give a [ __ ] because yeah
exactly because you know how much I hate
our healthcare system yeah and like they
had there was like a lapse in my
insurance like cuz they [ __ ] up mm-hmm
and because they didn't transfer over
from the the the new way to take the
money out of my account versus the old
way when I had updated it yeah and I
nearly pulled the telling the secular
talk audience like pester the [ __ ] like
tell this company that they [ __ ] up I
feel like that would be the only [ __ ]
that they'd be they would not give a
[ __ ] cuz its captive cuz its yeah
what am I Who am I gonna go - there's
like [ __ ] that for those companies you
know and they're all they all suck and
there's no there's no like face of that
company like whereas coca-cola is huge
but if you tweeted at them or did some
[ __ ] they'd still want to get in front
of it because there's a like there's a
face to coca-cola you know like there's
a identity that they want to uphold
Malik the amount for each thing like
health insurance is [ __ ] expensive
whereas with you know if if McDonald's
let's say yeah they could send me like
five free burgers and it's like wow like
how much does that cost to actually
produce yeah looking five dollars like
he's giving me free five dollars yeah I
bet against all for you because I went
to White Castle and I tweeted a photo
that you retweeted and they hit me up
like hey man send us your address or
some [ __ ] and we like we want to send
you a couple coupons I was like that's
what's up
they sent me there's only like two
burgers and a drink I was a little tight
that they didn't like bless me with more
I love how you got free White Castle out
of the show meanwhile it's like I want
free White Castle White Castle we'll
hook you up there
one of those brains that like they take
care of their people they know it's up
it's so funny cuz I've been doing these
like videos like the pet for the past
few shows I haven't had enough time to
eat anything before the show but like I
had to eat so I was starving before the
show so I ended up taking like one of
those microwavable burritos on air with
me in the first segment I would just
kind of eat in the burrito and I was
just telling people like I'm eating a
burrito right now so shits are back into
they are pretty good and I ended up
posting this segment and then I was
joking around and saying like I sold out
to big burrito along with big seltzer
and so now we got a list going Kyle's a
sellout too big Seltzer big burrito you
can only do things with like big in
front of it
well well that's the cuz like if you
sell out to you know big oil that's the
whole you know like it's like big
Seltzer big burrito another one was big
red cup cuz I was drinking water I was
out of seltzer so I was drinking water
out of a big red cup that looks like you
know the ones you used to play beer pong
with or some [ __ ] Red Solo cups yeah so
I was like sell out to hashtag big red
cup and then there was one more it was
hashtag big cracker because I was eating
saltine crackers one day on there and
then I was saying how big cracker sounds
like a rapper name yeah that would
probably be like a racist rapper with
like swastika tattoos on his face and
all that stuff it just took a dark turn
no I'm saying like big cracker wouldn't
be like like a nice like a nice white
guy boom private place oh you too what
did I send you the photo of the other
brand
Lucroy or whatever oh yeah you told me
that Lacroix has that poisoning rat it's
like insecticide or something was in it
not insects yeah it was something not
good well supposedly a lot of these
companies like it's not like it's not an
uncommon ingredient yeah it's like
sometimes yeah that's see that's the
thing sometimes those headlines are
misleading because it doesn't really
tell you the whole story like you read
on and you're like the thing used in
insecticide is lemon yeah like oh this
isn't a big deal I still don't want that
[ __ ] tied to my like shelter you know
like it still does yeah no I agree just
for you know my own [ __ ] dumb flake
knee-jerk reaction reasons but this
should because we're both drinking
polder and by the way I checked you were
right the company that actually hooked
me up back in the day was vintage it was
not polar yeah a [ __ ] so vintage cuz
that was a good look by them yeah so we
I don't even know why I [ __ ] this
polar I should be drinking vintage right
now yeah true people at vintage are
probably like what the far like you know
we blessed you that's okay I think the
last time we did the podcast I was
wearing a vintage shirt yeah so people
hopefully hashtag vintage is better it's
only smarter these [ __ ] companies to
like partner with like people you know
that like you know relate to their
audience and [ __ ] because like your
audience trust you you're not lying to
them so you really [ __ ] with vintage
seltzer all right well I my audience
don't [ __ ] with all Seltzer like ice
except the funny thing is the one I
haven't had is the one that everybody
says is the hot [ __ ] which is Lacroix
which is the one that you were like
don't know [ __ ] get it so it just
goes to show that you know your [ __ ]
flavorful right aren't they more
flavorful like they're they're more
flavorful the more expensive yeah I
don't when I drink seltzer I don't want
anything crazy flavorful I just want
like water with bubbles I could be like
the pitchman for seltzer like the Dos
Equis man like the world's most
interesting Seltzer drinker well not the
world's most interesting the world's
most boring the world's most vanilla
something something basic the world
needs basic there holds most basics out
sorry it's just me sitting there -
drinking seltzer like just doing that
regular [ __ ] yeah you see me like
brushing my teeth and just sipping cells
or taking a [ __ ] and sipping seltzer I
don't know what that's genius - like so
I reached out to Chipotle I'm gonna
[ __ ] but I tell me what they've given
you because if they give you something
like five that'd be crazy imagine they
give you five well I spent so much money
at Chipotle like it's only like it would
only be right that they hooked me up
with some [ __ ] by the way that's a good
move I think that's a good move and you
can I mean you could get what do you get
what's your go-to order because there's
ways to eat super healthy at Chipotle
well I get a bowl that's already
healthier than the burrito for sure yeah
I get white
and I get extra white rice I tell them
to just load that [ __ ] up like you think
it brown rice brown rice supposed to be
a little better than white rice but why
rice isn't bad yeah that's what they say
but like white rice is whatever it's not
gonna kill me you know no it's not gonna
kill you I get on black beans bangin
chicken sometimes I do like the chicken
steak combo bangin bangin you're like
you want double I'm like nah just to
mute the regular ship would be heavy on
the hand the only thing is you can't you
can't go nuts on the sauces though
that's the thing because that's where
the calories starts stacking up and
that's what hits the toilet bowl is the
sauces well yeah you said that what is
it the green sauce that [ __ ] green
[ __ ] yeah and you get it anyway well
like this time it'll be okay and then
like an hour and a half later you're
like it's probably a combo of like that
and the corn or something like that it's
got to be a combo with something you
think had well was last time you had an
order from Chipotle without without the
green yeah I think I've gotten it every
time damn really you like to do that
much I don't know I should stop getting
it I think it's just like without it
yeah it's so routine to just say like
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom for
me I [ __ ] with sour cream but then match
it adds a hell of a lot of calories so I
was like let me just not get it and it
still tasted pretty good yeah sour cream
is good
Chipotle in general is just off the
chains and that's why they should have a
punch card every spot should have a
frequent buyer card because it's like a
loyalty it's like hey man I've kid I'm
like I'm been here ten times yeah
I'm spending mad money here hook me up
one time like yeah yeah a lot of greedy
and [ __ ] up when they don't have a
punch card yeah because they're gonna
make money off you even if they give you
one free meal for every ten that you eat
I'm saying and it's sort of like if some
were to think like I'm thinking right
now I [ __ ] been there so much and
they're never once like yo this one's on
me it's like look you guys are mad
greedy it scares me how quickly I can
house one of their burritos like I could
eat a whole like cuz I know every time I
talk to somebody their reaction is
always like holy - Chipotle huh yeah
well those burritos can't finish that
and they say it like so matter-of-factly
like Oh obviously nobody can finish the
burrito I mean come on look how big it
is and every time I get a
you know I could easily finish it yeah
you know you got a good burrito when
they can't fold that [ __ ] you know yes
and no like I like that I can't eat more
[ __ ] that way but at the same time you
pause you can't get it all in your mouth
you don't fight the hype you got to go
step by step in this [ __ ] anyway it's a
process I'm a monster when I have that
when I had the fat ass burrito I pick it
up and just a yeah also do that with
burgers I've never been that type like
there's people there's people that dive
right into the burger but then there's
also people that just bite into their
burger you know what I'm saying like
there's like like when Guy Fieri eats a
burger on any of his like diner driving
Drive show big bite it's like one of
those like Monica's mouth like I don't
stretch my mouth out that much yeah I I
house like a house whatever the [ __ ] I
eat yeah see I can't do that big of a
bite because I don't want to get like
[ __ ] on my face I think that's my pro I
don't that I think that's my issue do I
get [ __ ] on my face when I eat the
burger you have to there's no like
there's no possible way to take that big
of a bite and not get some ketchup some
mayonnaise some like but it's all you
can get on you [ __ ] take it off right
away you grab a napkin and yeah but I
just feel like you still have a whole
rest of your meal or some bout afters
can't help it you have to open your
mouth that much like because some of
them are thick like thick there are
thick burgers out there that burrito the
right way to do it though without
getting [ __ ] I like how you eat that
burrito without opening your mouth wide
because that burrito from Chipotle is
there's no way to not know you do it in
sections that's why you start with like
the top right corner or something then
you work your way to the middle it's
like just like a nibble and slowly work
your way not a nibble but you could take
a big bite out of the right corner the
left corner but like you can't dive
right into the middle because then you
can but nobody can't Racing has anybody
in the history of Chipotle ever tried to
take a bite right out of that middle cuz
you can't like you have to start at the
corner that's a given but even when you
bite the corner I'm saying you have to
open your mouth really big that burritos
thick son
someone might bite right into the middle
because they might have a theory like oh
there's more juicy myth like you want
your first bite to be like Oh
yeah you know like you don't want to
bite sometimes you bite into the right
or left corner and you get all the like
the bread from the like burrito
yeah that's upsetting someone might want
to just chop right into the middle of
this [ __ ] and get like all the gushy
stuff you know yeah
damn I want you pull it when you stop
talking about Chipotle there's dirt
Strad like there's strategies to eat
like when I used to eat my Eggo waffles
I would chop the left corner I would
chop the right corner I would do the
middle and then you have like the whole
middle juice of like butter syrup that
is just like compiled into that middle
area of your egg oh and then you you
slice that into one bite and the rest of
the meal is not as good after that bite
but that middle so it takes 1 2 3
your fourth bite of eating an egg Oh
should be your best should be your best
bite damn when I eat Eggo waffles I'm a
savage first of all I eat them with your
hand yeah how'd you know that you've
seen me do it haven't I think I have
yeah I think you just picked it up just
like I was like you're like sometimes
all straight up put the butter and the
[ __ ] syrup right on it and still you
eat it with my hand and still magically
find a way to not get that on my hand
but eat the waffles that way I'm a
savage I'm a savage the way I eat is
ridiculous you would think like I weigh
right now I weigh 175 mmm the way I eat
people would think like you should be
230 yeah you know one said that's pretty
good I thought you'd be more than that I
think I'm not like 180 right now yeah we
were talking about this the last time
when we were in LA how you weighed more
than me and that was the first time in
the history of us knowing each other
were you had more than me yeah yeah I'm
gonna be on point now I know you were
just telling me before the podcast say
you're you oh I'm gonna go for a run
oh yes did you go for a run or no oh
yeah I went for a run sorry I was
watching the Yankees they're down
[ __ ] for nothing right now
you know what I had on before this I had
on I turned on the American Music Awards
because I hate myself
oh and all that [ __ ] two things I took
away from it number one John Stamos does
not age number 2 Jennifer Lopez doesn't
age
neither one she doesn't age but stayin
liked it gets ya he didn't age if it was
work done and [ __ ] make sure we get work
done but whoever the [ __ ] is surgeon is
he needs to pay him double what he's
paying him cuz [ __ ] he looks like he did
when he was on [ __ ] Full House in
1996 yeah but he's got a [ __ ] up belly
button you know about that [ __ ] right no
I'm gonna look it up now Bing John
Stamos belly button no are you serious
he's got like a weird looking belly
button John Stamos he's like Aging in
Reverse yeah but I just I hate when
people like I don't like Hollywood
people should not know he does have a
weird belly button it's like weird right
it's like saggy and [ __ ] no like
something's going on with it like what
the [ __ ] is going on here hopefully he
didn't have like some [ __ ] because that
would be [ __ ] up then we're [ __ ]
yeah I think he just has a [ __ ] up
belly button it almost looks like
there's a little the little head of a
dick above his belly button and it's
engulfed his belly buttons there's like
a little dick there's like a man with a
dick inside of him trying to push his
dick out of the belly button from inside
of him you know what's weird is just
like being born with some [ __ ] and have
like if you're born with an Audi it's
just you're I mean there's nothing wrong
with it but you're you just different
from what everyone even when a majority
of people have in a me you know I'm
gonna ask the world's dumbest question
now but I feel like I now Dee was only a
thing when we were kids like I feel like
there's no adults who still have outies
what they like eventually right back in
hell yeah that motherfucker's definitely
have outies I feel like when we when
when we were kids that was a thing like
all you have an inny or an outy
like that was a thing my god and then
now I feel like adults nobody's like
yeah I have an Audi you don't really
like you don't talk about that with talk
about that why were you talking about
that nobody's at work like hey Dave show
me your belly button
he's like 46 he's like I have kids I'm
sending some to college it's weird
that's weird how only a tiny percentage
of the population are lefties isn't that
weird that's it
tiny percentage yeah wouldn't you think
only like [ __ ] what you think it'd be
like 50/50 it should be more closer to
50 I'm saying and it's not let me let me
look this up percentage I'm like not as
big on the lefty thing because my mom's
a lefty my wife's a lefty my sister's a
lefty so I know 10% teats
that's it what that's what I'm saying
and you know how I knew there was a tiny
percentage gone huh because you look at
golf the overwhelming majority got
literally 90% of golfers are
right-handed so we were like if you're
