Alex Jones was booted from YouTube and
iTunes and Spotify and I think a few
other platforms now I I did a segment on
this when it initially happened and you
know you guys know my thoughts on this
kind of stuff I don't I don't need to
rehash everything I said in that video
but I do have some updates for you and
then I do want to try to dig a little
bit deeper into this issue although I do
think it's gonna be difficult for me to
do that and really hit all the points I
want to hit I've been debating this
quite a bit on social media and there
are people that I genuinely like and
respect who disagree with me
so what that tells me is I didn't really
hit all the points that I should have
hit in the original segment I did and I
didn't really address all the concerns
of people who might disagree with me on
this issue now I I think I genuinely do
have an answer for every counterpoint on
this and I'm not just saying that I
really it's not like it's like I thought
about this issue a lot and I try to look
at all the evidence and so I think I've
thought through this as much as possible
and I try my best to be fair to the
other position um but I'm gonna try to
dig a little bit deeper into it now but
first let's start with what I think is a
very important update to the story take
a look
Infowars app surges in popularity on
Apple and Google Play stores
now we don't have data for his own
website but my guess is his own website
probably surged in you know traffic as
well so this gets to a point that I
think I left out of my other segment on
this but I'll make it now I don't even
think that the move that YouTube did and
iTunes did and Spotify and the rest of
them I don't even think that they're
even getting their desired result by
doing what they did so their whole thing
was okay well he's a menace and he's a
bad dude and he's spreading all these
terrible lies and slander and libel and
whatever
and defamation and so that's why we got
to do what we got to do here but okay if
your ultimate goal was to make it so
that fewer people see Alex Jones I don't
even know if that's what ends up
happening in fact it's it's very
possible although you'd have to do a
direct apples to apples comparison here
and get the exact numbers but I do think
it's very possible that it might make it
so even more people end up listening to
him and watching him because there's
this unintended effect where okay you do
a move like this and then rightly or
wrongly people are gonna go oh well if
you're censoring him he must be doing
something right there's a there's an
outsider edge to him and so you've made
it the it's the taboo effect you know
it's like when you tell kids like oh you
shouldn't never drink alcohol when
you're under 21 and then most of them
end up drinking alcohol or a lot of them
end up drinking alcohol because you've
made it this now this outsider thing
that's like oh it's rebellious to do
this and then people they tell you to go
[ __ ] yourself and it may end up that
more people end up watching his show now
again I want to be clear I'm not I don't
I'm not totally convinced of that
because you'd have to do a direct
apples-to-apples comparison I mean you
did have 2.4 million subscribers on
YouTube and so that's a huge thing to
just take away but the question is in
the long run because of what's been done
here will they basically rush to other
outlets where they can get his stuff and
listen that way and watch that way and I
think there's a decent chance that does
happen you know this is something that
Glenn Greenwald tweeted a video about
this Noam Chomsky effectively made the
same point where he said they've
criminalize a criminalized Holocaust
denial in Europe and so there's actually
more Holocaust denial in Europe in the
u.s. it's perfectly legal to deny the
Holocaust and it's almost like the
actual marketplace of ideas I know that
term has played out and it's goofy to
even say it but since it's totally legal
to deny the Holocaust here people end up
kind of naturally getting pushed to the
to the fringes and mocked ruthlessly and
defeated because we've allowed it to to
be 'men
you know it so you can have an honest
discussion it's not pushed to corners
where it's not rebutted and then it
attracts more people so when you just
allow people to do it there's this kind
of natural defeat that happens of those
fringe ideas so that's one point I want
to make and I didn't make that in the
previous segment I don't think that I
did about Alex Jones now let me enjoy I
just want to address a few more of the
points that were brought up to me in the
wake of what happened so again people I
respect have disagreed with me strongly
on this issue so and it seems to me like
probably the biggest point that's made
is they say hey listen man I'm all for
free speech but you just have to
understand what we're talking about here
is like genuine defamation and slander
and if there is genuine defamation and
slander well of course you know YouTube
can and all these private companies yeah
they could act because they don't want
I'm on their platform there there's some
liability going on here as well so
that's why they're acting on it now let
me be clear I'm not saying that you know
YouTube and and iTunes and whoever a
hell's kicked them off their platform
that they don't have a right to do what
they did with Alex Jones because there
they are a private company and they can
do what they want but my whole point was
number one is still the principle of
free speech at play so even though it's
not a literal First Amendment issue I
still think it's the principle of it at
play here but then also I think these
platforms are so giant and have so much
power that I think they should be
regulated as public utilities now other
people are saying oh well you should
break them up and you know that's the
other thing that happens when basically
you get monopolies you you know the idea
is we have any trust laws you should
break them up I'm more of a fan of just
regulate them like public utilities so
in other words treat Twitter and
Facebook like and YouTube as if it is a
government issue and to censor somebody
would effectively be the government
censoring it treat it like it's a public
utility that's my answer now again I
know people don't agree with me on that
but just understand that I am
acknowledging that right now it is not
the case that their public utilities
and they do have the right to do it I
just don't think they should do it and I
think they should be regulated as public
utilities but they do have the right to
do it now to directly address the
defamation and slander and libel point
okay my understanding was that and they
always point to all the Sandy Hook is is
the worst example of it now nobody has
been harder on Alex Jones over his Sandy
Hook denialism than I have in fact
nobody's been harder on Alex Jones
period on any issue that I have I mean I
I debunk him and mock him and it's
ruthless like at least once a week my
understanding though based on all the
videos I've seen of him and in fact a
compilation that I had played on the
show not that long ago of everything
Alex Jones said about Sandy Hook because
he now he does this tap - I never said
that no me no I never said that I never
said that well no we actually have the
video [ __ ] and you did say it and so
I played the clip of him
you know denying Sandy Hook happened
over and over and over and over and over
now again the points made well that's
you can't do that because what happened
is there were the families of these dead
kids have been harassed viciously by
Alex Jones fans and that's not so that's
breaking the law and by the way there is
a defamation case over this right now
it's happening right now
so we'll see what ends up happening in
that case but my understanding was he
never brought up anybody's name so in
other words he kept denying Sandy Hook
happened but he never mentioned the
families so by definition that cannot be
defamation because if all he's doing is
and again I know it's grotesquely
incorrect and wrong and he's a liar but
if all he's doing is denying Sandy Hook
well then to say that that equals
defamation because some of his fringe
listeners ended up then digging up and
getting the information and then going
after these people if it equals
defamation what he did then you would
effectively be banning discussing Sandy
Hook conspiracies because the argument
is hey just discussing these
is enough to get fringe people to then
dig up the information and then harass
these people what really should happen
is the people who dug up the information
and then harass them they should be
prosecuted for harassment and by the way
some of them were and that's the right
thing so in other words the people who
listened to Alex Jones and then decided
to take action and dig up those people's
information they're the ones who really
committed the crime
they have agency so it's not saying that
Alex Jones bears no responsibility for
it cuz on a personal level and an
ethical level he should feel
responsibility for it because it may
have been his segments that sparked
those people's interest to then go dig
up their information and go after them
but you can't legally there's no way you
could hold him responsible because he
didn't mention them by name so
effectively what we would be saying is
even discussing this conspiracy at all
is basically illegal which I think
honestly is a crazy precedent to set
because then okay there's also 9/11
conspiracies and you know what happens
if because of the 9/11 conspiracies you
have family members the people who died
9/11 who were harassed and again what if
they didn't bring up names would they
just spoke about the conspiracy and then
people took action and went after you
can't hold him liable because he didn't
mention anybody by name you have to hold
the people accountable who have agency
and then dug up the information and you
can go down the rabbit hole there what
about when it you know Bill O'Reilly
said on Fox News tiller the baby killer
over and over talking about George
Taylor the abortion doctor and then
somebody murdered George Tiller
now again he could be ethically
responsible on some level because that
may have sparked that person to then go
take action on their own and do it but
you can't you can't govern speech in a
way that tries to regulate what people
might do if they maybe are inspired by
what you said because then it's just you
can regulate so much stuff man you have
to hold those individuals responsible
now let me be clear I saw somebody sent
me an hour
that said that was it was in about the
court proceeding with Alex Jones in this
defamation case and it is claimed in
that suit that Alex Jones indeed did
give away some of their personal
information now again I've never seen
that and I cover Alex Jones very
extensively and I've seen the
compilation of him talking about Sandy
Hook being a hoax over and over and over
and over and over and over and over so
but so I don't know if that's actually
true or not that he gave away the
personal information
I thought it was not at all true it
turns out it might be true because there
are allegations of that again I haven't
seen the evidence but if he did do that
well then 100% without a doubt you take
down those videos so that that's the
other angle to this which is even if I
submit even if I even if I give
everybody on the other side of this
argument if I say okay I'm gonna grant
you all your points what I don't
understand is how you can justify
pulling down a library with thousands of
videos when it's obviously not the case
that every single one of those videos
violated Terms of Service and was
potential defamation or libel or slander
you could pull down those individual
videos but again it's like it's almost
like he got the internet death penalty
for what he did here and I'm willing to
make this prediction now and I'll by the
way I'll be very happy to eat my words
if and when time wrong so the defamation
case going on with Alex Jones and the
Sandy Hook parents I think Alex Jones is
gonna win that case because I don't
think people really understand how hard
it is to prove defamation or libel or
slander we have the most lenient free
speech laws anywhere in the world we
lean so heavily on the side of free
speech and again I think that's the
proper standard so on other things
people have pointed out to me is hey
look at this video it's like he's
threatening Robert Muller Hey look at
this video it's like he's threatening
Adam Schiff and every time I watch the
video I walk away going not only is that
not you know like direct threats of
violence as people are claiming in those
instances it's not even close
because he's the master of giving
himself wiggle room Alex Jones is now
again it's not to say he's not ethically
wrong in those videos cuz I think it
that is true but he can't legally be
held responsible as I think we're about
to see and he's clearly going to the
borderline but then reeling it in a
direct threat of violence would be I
Alex Jones I'm going to physically
assault Adam Schiff and I'm gonna do it
on Wednesday at seven o'clock when he
gets out of his meeting and his meeting
is being held at this address in
Washington DC like that's what we really
when they say no direct threats of
violence that's what it means it's not
like a vague like hey man I'm gonna
maybe kick your ass or if I were to see
him and he were to get in my face I
would tell him X Y & Z so every my point
is guys every video I've seen of Alex
Jones and I've covered so many and I
know you know that it's always
borderline it's always like okay I'm
gonna say things that are clearly
unethical but it's not gonna cross the
line into illegal and it's gonna always
give me enough wiggle room to be able to
get out of it later so and by the way he
did he settled out of court for the
pizza gate conspiracy um so they struck
some sort of a deal there that might
happen also in the Sandy Hook case I'll
be curious to see what happens there
but the way I see it I've just never
seen any evidence of him actually
breaking the law and again we could say
ethically he's gone too far in many of
these instances but I don't think it's
enough to hold him responsible and I do
think that and here's the main point
once you open this door it's not like oh
hey maybe it's not like a slippery slope
argument like oh it maybe will hit the
left and will hit us hard no it's
already happening we've already seen
examples of it so for example 75% of the
crackdown on free speech on college
campuses is a crackdown against the left
and let me be clear that's not the left
centering the left that's the left being
Center censored because in the study
that I was citing they give the examples
if you go to the direct source they give
the examples of who's being censored and
they go on to explain a lot of it is
people who have said critical things of
Trump
either being fired or not being allowed
to speak at school so either being deep
platformed or being fired a lot of it is
people who promote BDS and their
pro-palestine they get you know D
platform or they get fired or censored
so it's the right censoring the left
when it comes to Facebook we've already
seen examples of it there was a counter
protest to the unite the right rally
which is a gathering of far-right
figures and the counter protest was
pulled down and Facebook said oh we
think it's aiding and abetting like
Russian propaganda or something they're
like we're not Russian propaganda
we're left-wing counter protesters so
you have to understand I'm not giving a
slippery slope argument like oh maybe if
they go after Alex Jones it may be kind
of sort of might at some point affect
the left I'm saying it already is
affecting the left and the only way to
fight back against this is to not say if
I like the target of the censorship then
I'm okay with the censorship it's to say
hey maybe this whole premise of
censorship is not okay so for me here's
what I'm comfortable with
whatever the law is is where we actually
draw the line so if it turns out Alex
Jones actually did violate you know
actually did defamation for example and
has proven in the court of law and we're
gonna know at some point whether or not
that's true then I get it and I would at
the very least I would understand
pulling down those specific videos where
he does that of course but outside of
things that are actually illegal I hate
the idea of let's pull down his entire
channel because that is censoring that
is de platforming that may actually
attract more people to Infowars in the
long run and it's open the door in a
very clear-cut way to go after people
you like and you appreciate remember
jimmy dore has already been labeled a
conspiracy theorist people are saying oh
it's unfair to compare jimmy dore and in
kyle kolinsky to alex jones well yes and
no it's unfair from a substantive
perspective of course but it is totally
fair from an outsider perspective to do
that because we've already been compared
to him
specifically Jimmy was referenced in a
CNN article alongside Alex Jones as a
conspiracy theorist because of what he
said about Syria
hey we should wait for an investigation
before the bombings ah conspiracy
theorists what so it's not that like
people they think that's a counterpoint
like oh you're nothing like Alex Jones
so it's okay I know we're nothing like
Alex Jones of course I do
but the question is does it outsider
know and they don't if Jimmy's put right
alongside Alex Jones in a [ __ ] CNN
article and he's called a conspiracy
theorist they're directly comparing him
and this is this the same algorithm
algorithm that totally demonetised me
and David Pakman and Jimmy Dore what is
it about half a year ago now a year ago
over ad pocalypse so one craft ad gets
on a [ __ ] Nazi Channel and then me
and David Pakman and Jimmy Dore lose all
of our funding for two weeks because the
dumbass algorithm on YouTube
can't differentiate between pro-nazi
[ __ ] and people like me who are
debunking Nazis and mocking Nazis this
is the algorithm we're talking about
these are the tech overlords we're
talking about and you want to give them
the authority to just willy-nilly delete
channels because they're feeling public
pressure I mean come on man come on this
is never going to be used in the way it
will always here's the main point the
censorship will always be used more
often than not to target people with no
power people who are part of
marginalized communities and people who
might be genuine outsider truth tellers
now in the case of Alex Jones he of
course is not a truth teller I shouldn't
even have to say this because you know
my record on Alex Jones but I think the
broader point stands
