so election results are in from Tuesday
at least most of them are we have losses
for the left and we have victory
victories for the left this is not
something that's being reported on in
the media in fact all of the headlines
on this are totally misleading when
people say and you'll see this all over
the place now
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez's movement
fizzles no wins for the Ocasio Cortes
endorsed candidates that is not true and
it's not even close so it is true that
there are some of the candidates that
she endorsed and campaigned for
high-profile ones that did not win but
because these mainstream media
organizations are insanely lazy they
don't look up whether or not that
broader statement is correct the broader
statement being oh all of her candidates
lost but you know you would think you
would think that maybe if you are a
so-called journalist or reporter in a
mainstream media organization you know
you would see how our revolution did see
how justice Democrats did but no I'm
convinced that their people today still
reporting on Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
who don't even know she's justice
Democrat and don't even know what
justice Democrats are so you know it
they suck at their job and they're also
lazy the mainstream media
okay so first let's discuss the downside
I'll give you guys the losses Cori Bush
lost in Missouri against lacy clay that
was a long shot race from the beginning
and and you know we knew that going into
it we have Abdul el Sayid lost for
Michigan Governor now I'm gonna come
back to that one in a second because
it's it's disheartening what happened
and how it happened and there is
somewhere to place the blame and it's
not on Abdul okay and then also we had
Brent welder lost in Kansas
now that was a little bit of a
questionable situation that went on over
there so they have new voting machines
the new voting machines
apparently malfunctioned [ __ ] the bed
when Brent welder was up in the race and
growing his lead and then when the
malfunctioning machines started you know
recalibrating and and calculating the
votes
shocker Brent welder ended up losing so
you know people look at that and they're
like wow that's mighty convenient the
anti-establishment candidate was winning
and growing his lead and then all of a
sudden there was a problem with the
machines and Brent welder ended up
losing now you know am I out here making
declarative and definitive statements
like this was obviously some sort of you
know rigging or some sort of conspiracy
I can't make that claim because I don't
have evidence all I'm saying is that at
face value when you look at it
circumstantially yeah it doesn't it
doesn't look good that looks weird
that's not cool
so if that one was a little bit of a
heartbreaker because it looked like he
was gonna pull it out there was a
tremendous amount of momentum behind him
coming into the election I mean a
tremendous amount of momentum so that
one hurts now back to Abdul el Saeed for
a second there's a guy named Sharif a
Nadar now I think it is a completely
fair statement to make to say he spoiled
it for Abdul Sayid and in fact turned
the election over to Gretchen Whitmer
the more establishment candidate who
ended up winning now people have pointed
out online they said well hold on now
how is this how can you say that when
that's the claim that the corporatist
make and the centrist make against Jill
Stein like Oh Jill Stein spoiled the
election for Hillary Clinton well
there's a very very big difference
Shariff a nadar is a liar so I've never
ever ever
gone after honest actors in elections
even if you know those honest actors may
have happened to split the vote on the
left and then ended up hurting the left
and helping Republicans I you you will
be hard-pressed to ever find a situation
where I've gone after an honest actor
because I believe in democracy so that
means you know you can run a campaign
that's a center-left candidate and
you're open and honest about that and
you can run a campaign that's populist
left and there could even be another
candidate that's populist left as long
as both of them are telling the truth
about what they believe and they're
genuine I'm not going to attack them
even if the fact that there are two
populist left candidates ended up
splitting the populist left vote and
turning it over to the right or turning
it over to a corporate Democrat you can
never be mad at any of the candidates
because they're genuine and so democracy
means hey you want to run and try to
represent the people and put your
philosophy out there by all means I
can't attack you and say oh you spoiled
the election for them if you're an
honest actor the reason why I'm very
comfortable attacking Shri Thanatos and
saying he spoiled the election for Abdul
is very simple he's he ran on this
platform of I'm the candidate that's
most like Bernie Sanders he even said in
an ad I'm the furthest left candidate
well the intercept did some fantastic
reporting and it turns out this guy but
behind the scenes was like I'm not sure
I run as a Republican or should I run as
somebody as a Democrat and you know I
mean I've donated to Republicans in the
past I lean right so why shouldn't maybe
I should run as a Republican oh no all
the energy is on the burning wing of the
Democratic Party so now I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to run as a Bernie Kratt and
I'm gonna say I'm the furthest left
candidate in this race now you might
know that he's a liar because you've
seen that intercept article before or
you've heard me talk about him before I
guarantee you the overwhelming majority
of the people who voted for him had no
idea that he was a Republican
he had donated to Republicans in this
race he was considering running his
Republican before he decided to make a
political calculation and lied to people
and say I'm a Bernie sander style
Democrat so that's how this is different
it's different because he spoiled the
race and he lied that's why I can say
he's spoiling the race it's not spoiling
the race if you're running is another
left-wing candidate and you're honest
because then that's just called
democracy you get to run because you're
being honest even if that does happen to
split the vote on the left this is he's
splitting the vote on the left but he's
lying so the problem is that he's lying
that's the problem is that he's a
[ __ ] liar he's a fraud that's the
problem so I'm very comfortable blaming
tree for Abdul's loss because you know
like I said the overwhelming majority
people who voted for him they were
thinking they probably saw that ad where
he said I'm the furthest left candidate
in the race and they're like okay I
guess that's the furthest left candidate
in the race I'm gonna vote for him when
Abdul was the real Bernie Sanders style
candidate he was a justice Democrat and
of course he would have been fantastic
by the way he ran a tremendous race and
it's a shame that you know sure he did
what he did here okay now so those are
the losses now those are the ones that
the media's gonna focus on say ah see
the left the left obviously is not going
to be you know they're not gonna win
that's not the direction the Democratic
Party should go in so before I even tell
you the victories of the Justice
Democrats let me point this out Baldr
sin versus O'Connor that was a very
high-profile race it was getting a lot
of attention now none of them are
justice Democrats you had ball derson
who's the Trump endorsed Republican
O'Connor who's a corporate Democrat a
centrist Democrat and O'Connor like
openly ran on that he's like I'm not a
socialist I don't believe in Medicare
for all I'm a centrist I believe in
compromise so that's O'Connor the media
was saying Oh obviously O'Connor is
gonna win because there's this anti
backlash guess what happened
Boulder's in 1 now it is a Republican
plus 11 district and in the end it looks
like ball erson wins by about a point or
less than a point so they're the
hilarious thing is when corporate
Democrats lose as O'Connor did this is
still somehow going to be evidence of
corporate Democrats or the way to beat
the right okay but they didn't do that
they didn't be the Trump endorsed
Republican the Trump endorsed Republican
beat the corporate Democrat so how can
your takeaway be Oh corporate Democrats
are better to take on the right then the
left is but they didn't win
yeah but they they surged back it was a
Republican plus 11 district and now it's
just a Republican plus one district okay
so then be comfortable with losing every
race by one I mean so in other words the
most high-profile case of you know a
corporate centrist Democrat the
neoliberals the most high-profile case
that dude lost but this election is
somehow being spun as a lost for the
populist left hilarious now let's get to
the victories for the Justice Democrats
so we have justice Democrat Robert
Davidson he won in Missouri second
District you probably haven't heard
anything about this guy in the media at
all you have of course from illage aya
Paul who won her primary she's an
incumbent justice Democrat along with of
course Rokon and Raul Grijalva you have
Jamie Schoolcraft who won in Missouri
7th district again sure you haven't
heard any anything about this guy you
have James Thompson James Thompson who
won in Kansas his fourth district this
is another high-profile Justice Democrat
you know in terms of how much he was out
there
his name was honestly out there just as
much if not more than Cory Bush so Cory
Bush lost but they're focusing on the
Cory Bush lost but you know James
Thompson's win you don't see anything
about it in fact they they say oh
there's no no Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
movement candidates ended up winning
what are you talking about it
five and there's one other that's a
potential win we still don't know
because there's voting machine issues
weird how that works again but at least
five justice Democrats won James
Thompson one of the more high-profile
ones and then there's a Rasheeda Talib
who's in Michigan's 13th district she's
a justice Democrat and she won as well
now this one's getting a little more
press because the press can use it for
identity politics reasons and they're
like oh the first female Muslim
candidate that's gonna be elected to
Congress okay that's wonderful I care
more about her policy positions and the
substance and it turns out on the
substance she's wonderful and she's a
justice Democrat so they're focusing on
almost none of our victories and in fact
they're they flat out factually wrong
when they say oh there were no victories
for the left that's not true and on top
of all that how many candidates did our
revolution have that one about twelve so
you have five justice Democrats winning
potentially six in the end twelve are
revolution candidates winning some of
them very high-profile of course we had
some losses too but it's being spun as
oh obviously the left can't take on
Donald Trump and the corporate centrist
or the way to go even though in those
high-profile case of a corporate
centrist versus a Trump endorsed
Republican the corporate centrist lost
so it's this is being spun in a thousand
ways it's so hilariously sad how many
people have fallen for that argument the
the all the headlines Oh Alexandria
Ocasio cortezes candidates lose that's
not true it's not true
stop saying it stop believing it do your
[ __ ] research and you know listen I'm
upset about Brent welder and Abdulle
else I even but you win some you lose
some man you win some you lose some and
remember we are at a permanent
disadvantage in terms of the money
situation you have to keep that in mind
that's
not a little thing that's a really big
thing in the case of in the case of
Alexandria Ocasio cortez she was able to
override that difference through just
boots on the ground and hard work but
that's not that's not the norm that's
not the general rule in fact that's an
exception to the rule
so just keep that in mind that you know
other cases for example Paula Jean
Swearengen she was drowned out by the
money others were drowned out by the
money so it's always gonna require it's
unfair because it's a it's a hundred
yard dash and the corporate Democrats
start on the 70 yard line and we start
on the at the beginning so it's unfair
but we have to play the hand that we're
dealt and that means we have to work
even harder that means we have to get
the name out there even more that means
we have to raise more small dollar
donations for these candidates that
means we need to have more boots on the
ground and knocking on doors and making
phone calls and all that stuff but I
just want everybody to know don't let it
take the wind out of your sails there
were some cases here that were losses
but you're never gonna win every one and
you just have to keep fighting and what
the thing is guys the establishment is
relying on you to throw your hands up
and say [ __ ] it ah we didn't win Bren
welders won [ __ ] it so we're done with
this I'm not gonna be involved in this
nah we didn't wind up doing else I even
once [ __ ] it you know whatever
no they're relying on that that's what
they want and you're actually
unwittingly doing the establishments
bidding if you end up giving in to that
urge that sensation we all get it it
happens all the time everybody gets it
it's an initial gut reaction of like
really really all this [ __ ] work and
we know we have the right candidate and
it didn't pan out
well [ __ ] this then that's exactly what
they want so we have to have to have to
have to keep fighting and then
eventually we'll keep winning
don't believe the lies don't believe the
[ __ ] it's not as bad as they're
making it seem so we fight on let's
continue
