so Steve Bannon did an interview with
sargon of akkad
and he spoke a little bit about populism
I want to watch this short clip here and
then I'll respond to it it could be the
difference in right-wing populism and
left wing populism is pretty
straightforward the the Corbin and
Bernie Sanders populism once more state
intervention once more state involvement
in every aspect of your life okay
right-wing populism and this is why I
said it's C pact with the first time I
spoke publicly when I said Trump's got
three prongs to his program economic
nationalism American first national
security and the third is the
deconstruction of the administrative
state what Trump and what right-wing
populist are trying to do is deconstruct
the state we do we're not anarchist and
we're not libertarian so we understand
there's got to be some sort of
regulations trade deals armed forces the
police all that we bind to that however
what what brytewave populism is is
basically a piece of the action for the
little guy he gets a better high-paying
job at a better wage it doesn't have to
compete against the world but Steve
Trump hasn't given a piece of the action
to the little guy now if he did I would
give him credit but I can't give him
credit cuz he hasn't done that take for
example his tax bill 83% of the benefits
of that bill go to the top one percent
that bill obliterates the corporate tax
rate it takes the nominal rate from
thirty five percent all the way down to
I think twenty one percent the estate
tax is destroyed in that bill so that
that's a tax on people with estates that
have I think what what does it apply you
over five million or over two million
bottom line is it's like the top less
than one percent of the cons like 0.1%
of the country that's who the estate tax
applies to they cut that so if you pass
a tax bill that guts taxes for the rich
and for corporations now that's a fact
that's what he did then how can you say
he's for the little guy I mean I guess
he could turn around and say well
unemployment is low but Steve wages are
stagnant so
there's a lot of low-wage job creation
now under Obama it was the same thing so
what I'm saying here is not partisan
what I'm saying here is just the reality
of the situation for the unemployment
rate under Obama yes it dropped
massively but it was low wage job
creation Donald Trump is continuing that
trend wage growth is not keeping pace
with inflation so the wages are still
stagnant Steve he's doing the same
policies as george w bush i mean let's
just call it what it is
he brags on Trump brags on a regular
basis about deregulating and he signed
in connected of order that was something
like Oh for everyone new regulation we
got to get two or three off the books
something like that the number may even
be higher than that he is trying to put
in charge of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau somebody who would
handcuff the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau and not let them
actually you know detect fraud from big
financial institutions against working
people the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has returned billions of dollars
to working people because they were
defrauded by giant corporations Trump is
handcuffing the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
they've obliterated dodd-frank the mild
Wall Street regulation which should have
gone much further so Steve he's doing
the same policies as george w bush he's
doing trickle-down now if Steve were to
say to me hey man this is more about you
know what he's doing on the trade deals
even there it's been he's failed there's
been ninety-three thousand jobs
outsourced under Trump's first year as
president under Obama it was
eighty-seven thousand so he's even worse
than Obama and one of trumps main
arguments on the campaign trail was you
know I am um the guy who's gonna keep
your job here I'm against outsourcing
even his new NAFTA deal so I went into
reading that with an open mind I even
gave Trump credit for one or two of the
provisions because some of them were
decent like the dairy farm provision but
let's not kid ourselves the old NAFTA is
almost exactly like the new NAFTA Trump
tweaked a few provisions now he's
pretending it's the best trade deal ever
when the route of NAFTA is still there
so this idea of like I mean look what he
did with carrier mow I saved the jobs of
carrier tremendous unbelievable no end
up happening was he hoes taxpayers gave
gave them a giant corporate welfare
check they move towards automation
anyway and months later when nobody was
looking they outsource the jobs Steve
Madden Donald Trump is a fraud the only
question is now are you a fraud as well
so this idea of like oh it's for the
little guy I'm giving a it's it's to
help the right-wing populism is to give
a little piece to the little guy but
that hasn't happened that hasn't
happened so where's the disconnect here
I'll tell you where the disconnect is
Donald Trump is acting as a standard
Republican president his policies are in
favor of the establishment that's it
he's gone he's his policies fully
protect the elite that's the reality and
that shouldn't be surprised to anybody
when his administration was packed full
of goldman sachs people okay that
shouldn't be a surprise now when he says
there he says all the right-wing
populism is about economic nationalism
and then he said something like
protecting the security of the country
or something like that and he said
deconstructing the administrative state
but there's a problem there cuz two of
those are contradictory if you're an
economic nationalist then you can't be
for deconstructing the administrative
state why because the administrative
state even though you're trying to make
it sound like a boogeyman and evil and
bad and wrong if you're talking about
the administrative straight the state in
the sense of like regulating Wall Street
back when we had glass-steagall and we
had a more stable financial system for
example the administrative state has
positive aspects so for you to say oh
it's about economic nationalism which is
like oh let's care about our own country
first well then how can you also say
deconstructing the administrative state
is a good thing for looking out for the
well-being of our own people in our own
country because that'll actually hurt
our people it'll lead to more crashes
and then also the idea of being an
economic nationalist you would hope that
means all a big infrastructure deal look
I'm in favor that I've been pushing that
like crazy a new New Deal
here's the problem Trump hasn't done a
new New Deal
our infrastructure still gets a grade of
D plus and the only proposal he made was
a [ __ ] privatization scheme where you
privatize large swaths of our
infrastructure which is a terrible idea
so again it's like this bannon's
argument for right-wing populism in
practice ends up just being standard
elitists republic the Republican
politics so it's it's kind of amazing
that he's still maintaining this brand
and still promoting Trump may be one
thing if Bannon was like hey man
Trump has turned his back on my vision
okay well then at least I would take you
seriously and that you have a different
ideology Steve but you don't because
you're still Cheerilee being a
cheerleader for Trump as he's acting
like George W Bush all right final point
and this is the part that really pissed
me off more believe it or not I know
I've been rambling for a while now but
he said left-wing populist and he
references Bernie Sanders and Jeremy
Corbyn he says left-wing populist want
to have more content to have more
control in quote every aspect of your
life that's [ __ ] that's not true so
for example Bernie Sanders was one of
very few politicians in the United
States of America to vote against the
Patriot Act now that's not a little
thing it's not like oh sure in that one
little area you know Bernie's for less
government that's a giant thing that's
Bernie Sanders saying I don't agree with
unconstitutional warrantless spying on
all Americans and I'm going to stand up
against that that is Bernie Sanders
saying in a very crucial and key area I
want significantly less government
I don't want an Orwellian state where
they can spy on you for any reason at
all without a warrant illegally that's a
huge point and he said in quote every
aspect of your life left-wing populist
want government to control you that's
Bernie saying on one of the most
issues I want do not want government to
control you I want less government more
Bernie is for ending the drug war and
legalizing marijuana again that's not a
little thing Steve it's not like wow
there's just his little area he's for
smaller government that's a giant area
though drug Wars cost over a trillion
dollars how many people's lives have
been ruined by the drug war Bernie
Sanders is one of the first politicians
in America
somebody was actual institutional power
to say let's legalize tax and regulate
marijuana for recreational use
so let's legalize that and let's end the
drug war that is less government that's
not more government see he's in order to
paint the populace left as unreasonable
he has to strawman that's the point
because what does he know he knows that
the populace left is for every single
economic provision and and policy that
actually improved the lives of the
little guy he knows that so how does he
distinguish himself from the populist
left if he knows that therefore all the
right policies that will help the little
guy he has to lie about what they did
what their stand is on social issues oh
the populist left wants to increase
government and quote every aspect of
your life
utter nonsense utter [ __ ] Steve and
you know that's [ __ ] he voted
against the Patriot Act he's not in
favor the drug war he's also by the way
for getting the government out of your
life on reproductive choices now I don't
know what Steve Maddens belief is on the
issue of abortion but I can guarantee
you Bernie's for very little government
in that realm so not for more government
for less government in many areas and
you know listen I'm one of I don't even
know if Bernie accepts the label
populist left I think it's a fair way to
describe him but I don't even know if he
accepts it you know who one of the few
people on the left is that does accept
that label in fact who promotes that
label me I'm one of the few people who
who says I am populist left and I'll
tell you right now not only do I agree
with Bernie on the issue of the Patriot
Act and agree with him on the issue of
the drug war and legalizing marijuana
and we mostly agree on the issue of
abortion but also I would add to that
list that I would legalize prostitute
I would legalize gambling I would
legalize Death with Dignity which is
physician assisted suicide so what are
we talking about here we're talking
about one two three four five six seven
I just gave you seven areas seven areas
where the populace left is for less
government in your life in fact on
social issues libertarian hey hey live
and let live so it's not when you say
the populous left wants more government
control in every aspect your life that's
not true and that's I haven't even
gotten into the fact that the framing of
that is nonsense anyway because like so
when I say I'm for a Medicare for All
system does that mean I want the
government to have more control of your
life when it comes to health care no it
just means I want a medicare-for-all
system I want everybody covered I want
to cut the [ __ ] cost in half which we
will do and I want to eliminate medical
bankruptcies there's nothing like
tyrannical about health care so for him
to phrase it as like oh that's the
populace left wants the government to
have control in every aspect of your
life no I want better healthcare and the
way to achieve that is through a
single-payer system so even the framing
is [ __ ] sketchy and weird and wrong
and the final point is this man I
pointed this out before Obama do it
again now listen one of the aspects of
Steve bannon's so-called populism is he
has a hardline stance on immigration and
I remember on his radio show he said he
was in a conversation with Donald Trump
this was when Trump was a candidate and
Trump was saying hey I want a
merit-based immigration system and you
know we want the best people that's what
we want and Steve Bannon even disagreed
with that Steve Madden was basically
saying hey man we're creating a culture
here so it's not even about like maybe
let's stop that he didn't flat-out say
this but it was there
hey we should stop allowing in the brown
people whether they be refugees whether
they be immigrants because we're
creating a culture so even if you have a
merit-based system and let's say we get
a lot of people from India or we get a
lot of people from wherever places where
people are brown or black Steve banning
goes not only am i against illegal
immigration I'm also kind of against
illegal immigration if there are certain
kinds of
legal immigrants now if I'm wrong about
that and Steve Bannon has and I'm being
too harsh on Steve Bannon more than
willing to be corrected if he comes out
and he says that's not true totally fine
with black and brown immigrants no
problem with them whatsoever and I am
for a merit-based immigration system if
Steve Bryan comes don't say that fine
I'll do a correction I have no problem
doing that none at all
but my guess is he won't correct me
because that is what he believes so it's
a form of white nationalism now that is
you're not a populist there's nothing
about that that's populist that's not
the populist position if you talk to the
American people and look at the polls
they don't want to they don't want to
take that position on immigration so you
the funny thing is as he claims to be
populist he's using the oldest trick in
the book that the elites use and what
trick is that don't look at the rich
don't look at the corporation's don't
look at the billionaires don't look at
the rigging of the system don't look at
the money in politics the real problem
mr. working-class white dude is those
poor immigrant brown folks who are
coming in the country and ruining your
life and that's [ __ ] that's nonsense
that's not true it's just simply not
true that those are the people who have
led to the problems in our society now
I'm not saying you can't have a
different opinion from me on immigration
I have a rather moderate position on
immigration but it is not true to say
that there's such a problem focus on
that it's not true so at the very least
you're doing the bidding of the elites
more likely you're actually also serving
the elites and you know that you're
serving the elites as you play this game
of divide and conquer by pitting regular
people against each other while the rich
run out the back door with all the money
you're not a populist
