this next article that I want cover with
you is New York Times becoming a parody
of itself
this is limousine elite liberalism 101
the Democrats are at their weakest point
since the 1920s they can't afford to
spurn Wall Street I wasn't kidding when
I said there's like a parrot New York
Times being a parody of itself imagine
thinking that by the way Douglas Schon
writes this article and shocker he
worked in the Clinton administration Wow
Democrats are at their weakest point
since the 1920s they can't afford to
spurn Wall Street have you considered
that maybe they're at their weakest
point because they haven't spurned Wall
Street okay let's try to keep our calm
as we go through some of this piece many
of the most prominent voices in the
Democratic Party led by Bernie Sanders
are advocating wealth redistribution
through higher taxes and Medicare for
all and demonizing banks and Wall Street
pause perhaps that's why he is literally
the most popular politician in America
but I digress memories and politics are
short but those policies are vastly
different from the program of the
party's traditional center-left
coalition under Bill Clinton that
coalition balanced the budget
acknowledged the limits of government
and protected the essential programs
that make up the social safety net
President Clinton did this in part by
moving the party away from a reflexive
anti-wall street posture it's not
popular to say so today but there are
still compelling reasons Democrats
should strengthen ties to Wall Street as
the party has left behind that version
of liberalism it has also found its way
to its weakest electoral position
nationally and at the state level since
the 1920s Hillary Clinton's lurched to
the left
probably cost her Midwestern states that
Barack Obama had won twice and led to
the election of Donald Trump okay pause
I [ __ ] told you so I told you they
were gonna do this Hillary Clinton runs
a corporatist centrist sellout
establishment campaign she gets beaten
by Donald Trump and their conclusion was
it wasn't corporate or centrist /
right-wing enough it needed to be more
in favor of the status quo
you don't want Donald Trump bludgeoned
Hillary over the head with the fact that
she gave those speeches to Goldman Sachs
remember that according to this jackass
the problem was she wasn't close enough
to Goldman Sachs
she wasn't close enough to Wall Street
she didn't give enough you know $600,000
speeches or $300,000 speeches or
whatever they were that's the problem
according to this guy and notice how he
fudged the facts I'm gonna read this one
more time he says as the parties left
behind that version of liberalism Bill
Clinton's version and has also found its
way to its weakest electoral position Oh
nonsense it's been with that ideology
that they're now at the weakest position
this guy acts like Bernie Sanders was
the last democratic president who was
elected and that it was under Bernie
Sanders that we had the loss of a
thousand Democratic seats
it wasn't Bernie Sanders it was Obama it
was President Obama guess who lost a
trump it wasn't Bernie Sanders it was
Hillary Clinton so your version of
liberalism you're a democratic party
that you want is the one that already
exists and it's been wiped out from
coast to coast and you're fudging the
fact and saying oh it's these goddamn
populist leftist who believe in Medicare
for all and whatnot well if that's so
unpopular why is it pullet [ __ ] 60%
and why do even more Republicans support
it than don't support it I don't know if
he's lying or if he's just the world's
biggest idiot but let's continue
Democrats should keep ties with Wall
Street for several reasons the
first is an ugly fact of politics money
maintaining ties to Wall Street makes
economic sense for Democrats and keeps
their coffers full in the 2016 election
the Center for Responsive for responsive
politics reports employee employees and
companies in the securities and
investment industry donated more than 63
million dollars to the Democratic Party
pause again that's the problem
he's not making connections when they're
right in front of him hey Democrats
raised a shitload of money from Wall
Street oh my god they lost well I guess
the problem is they didn't raise enough
from Wall Street no the problem is they
raise money from Wall Street it's one of
the biggest problems and then to bring
it up like this is the problem with neo
liberals and corporatists they never
question the framework of the system if
something already exists we must
rationalize it and work within that
context no this is why Bernie Sanders is
the most popular politician in the
country he dares to question the
fundamental underpinnings of the way our
society works and he goes this could be
[ __ ] so when he says a money is just
a fact of life what are you gonna do man
this is what our politics is run on it's
an ugly fact so he calls it an ugly fact
so presumably he's saying man isn't it
[ __ ] up the money seems to run our
politics but then he goes on to say well
I guess we got to give in to that and
try to sell out more no the answer is
let's try to get money out of the system
let's try to get clean elections and
before you give me that [ __ ] tripe
of oh no it's you know it's just that'll
never happen that's exactly what people
said about women getting the right to
vote before they had the right to vote
that's exactly what people said about
ending segregation in the south before
we ended segregation in the south so
spare me your ignorant possible
arguments because that's been made a
thousand times before and every time
it's been wrong with enough pressure and
enough of a movement behind it of course
we can get it accomplished and by the
way that is the answer to get our
politicians to be more accountable to us
and not to be accountable to
corporations and Wall Street is to get
the money out of the system and have
clean elections by law for the 2020
election some of the parties strongest
potential presidential candidates
senators Cory Booker Kirsten Gillibrand
and Kamala Harris as well as Duval
Patrick the former Massachusetts
governor should not be
dismissed simply because of their
current or past Wall Street ties if
voters really hated ties to Wall Street
and financial elites Republicans would
not enjoy such a commanding electoral
position or have elected a New York
plutocrat president most voters major
problems with President Trump stem from
his performance not from his wealth or
connections to Wall Street pause again
he's deliberately fudging the facts one
of the main reasons Donald Trump won is
he portrayed himself as more
anti-establishment and more anti status
quo than Hillary Clinton
remember how everybody's he's kind of
populist because he was kind of populist
when he's railing against TPP and he's
railing against NAFTA as he did he's
railing against outsourcing jobs as he
did when he says I'm gonna rebuild our
infrastructure why are we wasting all
this money overseas in these wars as he
did those are populist positions so in
other words how many times did he say in
the campaign I'm so financing my
campaign I'm so now by the way that's
not true he didn't actually do that but
when he argued that people heard that
and they go oh [ __ ] maybe he's not
beholden to the billionaires maybe he's
not beholden to the elites so that's one
of the main reasons Trump won if the
establishment GOP that really was open
about his close ties to Wall Street was
popular perhaps Mitt Romney would have
won but he didn't and he didn't because
it was too obvious
whereas Donald Trump did run a populist
campaign even though that was just a
veneer and he's selling out like
nobody's business
but that was one of the main reasons why
he won and notice I'm he's like well the
Republicans are you know they're winning
so obviously you can't be Wall Street
ties can't be the big the big thing
notice man Republicans run is
unapologetic Republicans Democrats run
as a Republican light when you give the
American people the option of Republican
or Republican light they always choose
Republican but when you give them the
option of a Republican or a populist
leftist the populist leftist wins and
also this guy's on you know he's not
giving enough credit to just how much
Republicans lie so you know yes a
Republican who in an election
talks about how he's gonna cut
middle-class taxes and so I want you to
keep more of your money the Democrats
don't that's a lie that he's saying that
but that's a message that can [ __ ]
win it resonates it's that's also a
version of fake populism so maybe
Republicans win when they talk about
that stuff and not when they go out
there and brag and say I'm super
connected to Wall Street Donald Trump
did not do that and that's one of the
main reasons why he won a second reason
Democrats should keep ties to Wall
Street despite what the Democratic Left
says America is a center-right
pro-capitalist nation a January Gallup
poll found that moderates and
conservatives make up almost 70% of the
country while only 25% of voters
identify as liberal even in May 2016
when senator Sanders made redistribution
a central part of his platform Gallup
found that only 35% of Americans had a
positive image of socialism compared
with 60% positive of capitalism okay
herein lies the biggest lie of this
piece now let me again be fair and say I
don't know if he's lying or if he's just
super ignorant or if he's an idiot
but what does his poll say here
his poll is about what labels so you
talk somebody and you've all experienced
this I've experienced this you talk
somebody with yeah you know I'm a I'm a
center-right kind of guy a moderate a
moderate I'm kind of conservative I'm a
centrist um so yes when you pull the
American people and you ask them about
labels it turns out that at the moment
being a centrist or being moderately
conservative it turns out that that's
more in vogue and people would label
themselves as that but guess what what
he doesn't tell you is people who
describe themselves as conservative who
voted in the Democratic primary in the
Midwest overwhelmingly voted for Bernie
Sanders what so it turns out people
don't know dick about labels and they
call themselves conservatives but when
they listen to Bernie Sanders rail
against Wall Street and rail against the
elites and talk about medicare-for-all
and talk about free college
and talk about raising taxes on the rich
they go I agree with all that so hold on
you describe yourself as conservative
but you agree with all Bernie Sanders
proposals that exists in the world and
it exists in the u.s. in large numbers
in large numbers
furthermore this could be on purpose
that he's using the more obscure polls
the vague pulse that reference labels
without showing that the American people
have any [ __ ] clue what the labels
are guess what when you go to the
specific policy issues which is what
really matters here 60% of the American
people 61% actually want a Medicare for
All system even more Republicans want it
then don't 58 percent of the american
people want free college Wow
80 percent of the American people want
to raise the minimum wage only 17
percent of the American people still
want to be in Afghanistan and that was
as of you know 2013 or something so
we're years beyond that numbers probably
like [ __ ] 10% now of the American
people that say okay sure let's stay in
Afghanistan 58 percent of the American
people want to legalize marijuana you go
down the list the American people if you
go by the issues they are unquestionably
populist left not a doubt about it but
he cites the vague misleading obscure
poll that subsets with [ __ ] labels
which is the lowest form of discourse
you can really have how would you
describe yourself I'm a nice guy that's
what I am uh eighty-nine percent of men
describe themselves as nice men what the
[ __ ] does that mean doesn't mean
anything are you actually nicer are you
not same thing with this
I'm not moderately conservative I do
love Medicare for all in free college
and a living wage and all these things
are populist left but I'm definitely
conservative it doesn't mean anything
so we citing these numbers that don't
mean anything when you go issue for
issue the American people are populist
left and he does not address that fact
okay and finally he says this was
evident to Democrats in the 1990s from
1996 to 2000 for example Democrats led
the way on two key economic legislative
victories first the Telecommunications
Act of nineteen
six deregulated the the communications
and cable industries increased growth
and enhanced market competition second
the financial services Modernization Act
of 1999 removed regulations placed on
financial institutions by bureaucrats
and expanded opportunities for Wall
Street to engage in mergers and
acquisitions adding wealth to the
retirement accounts and other investment
portfolios of millions of middle-class
Americans [ __ ] if the party is going
to have any chance of returning to its
position of influence and appeal
Democrats need to work with Wall Street
to push policies to create jobs heal
divisions and stimulate the American
economy this is like again remember I
introduced this story by saying the New
York Times is The New York Times being a
parody of itself with their limousine
liberalism look at what he's championing
as democratic accomplishments these are
some of the biggest Democratic failures
in modern history the Telecommunications
Act that deregulated the communications
and cable industry that's what led to
the consolidation that we have like
[ __ ] five mega corporations that
control the narrative in mainstream
media everybody hates the mainstream
media and they hate the mainstream media
because there's a consolidation of power
you have wealthy elites hiring people
that push their narrow worldview and
he's bragging about this say remember
when Bill Clinton did that man what a
success it was to deregulate the cable
industry and make it so that wealthy
elites control more of the narrative
he's bragging about that and then he
goes on the financial services
Modernization Act of 1999 you know that
is massive gigantic tremendous
deregulation which in part led to the
Great Recession in 2008 and and is
continuing to lead to the bubble that
we're in right now because we never
recovered from all the mass deregulation
going back from Reagan Reagan Bill
Clinton George W Bush Obama to an extent
to but mostly Reagan Clinton and W Bush
do you regulated the [ __ ] out of the
American economy and ever since then
what have we had giant boom-bust cycles
there was a period when glass-steagall
was implemented you know after the or
during the Great Depression what
happened we had a steady financial
system and steady banking slow but
consistent growth second you got rid of
those regulations I mean you had giant
boom bust cycles over and over and over
we're still going through them now it's
because of deregulation like this and
he's bragging about it and he's saying
well this wasn't it great when the
Democrats did these things that crash
the economy and ruin people we've had a
slow decline of the middle class in
America for the past 40 or 50 years and
this guy saying let's go back to the
good old days in the 1990s when Bill
Clinton was continuing that war on the
middle class and by the way most of the
good things that happen under the
Clinton ministration you can credit to
the tech boom oh we had a balanced
budget yeah cuz there was a giant tech
boom so this guy he's got no clue the
[ __ ] he's talking about he's ignorant or
he's a liar and if the Democrats go down
this path as they're poised to do they
will get obliterated which is why
justice Democrats is the answer where
the Bernie wing where the populist wing
of the Democratic Party no corporate
money no PAC money no [ __ ] ties to
Wall Street justice Democrats calm slash
fight
