Jake Tapper decided to go after the left
and he's gonna use some recent recent
election results in New York to make
that point and he's going to give a very
pointed line of questioning here to
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez but before we
dive into the clip let me just tell
everybody exactly what happened in the
New York election so you did have three
big losses for the left that is fair to
say Cynthia Nixon lost to Andrew Cuomo
you had
Jumaane Williams lose you had Zephyr
Teachout lose now there is a genuine
question about a a purposeful attempt at
vote splitting when it came to his
effort each out which then turned it
over to the more establishment candidate
but you know I digress we don't need to
dive into the details of that at the
moment there are allegations of you know
some voter [ __ ] going on in New York
as there's almost always is the case in
New York I mean you know I'm a New
Yorker and every election there's talk
of that and I've even seen some of the
firsthand in the 2016 primary when an
independent was turned away he was a kid
who was there to vote for Bernie Sanders
and sorry you're not registered as a
Democrat and the Democratic primary
we're gonna turn you away and this is
the effect of having closed primaries
but there's other kinds of [ __ ] too
it was widely reported but again I
digress from that we don't need to dive
into it now Jake Tapper is gonna miss
half the picture here though because
while it is true there were three big
Democratic losses there were also about
five big Democratic wins
and when I say democratic I mean
left-wing populist left wins so I'll
give you more on that after the clip
it'll be touched on in this clip as well
but let's take a look and then I have a
lot to say about tappers line of
questioning you endorsed progressive
candidate Cynthia Nixon and the
Democratic primary for governor of New
York she lost on Thursday to Governor
Andrew Cuomo by a whopping 31 points now
I know progressive candidates have had
plenty of other victories including
yours but Governor Cuomo said that your
progressive wave was quote not even a
ripple he called your primary win a
quote fluke and he asked on Friday quote
where was that effect yesterday what's
your response to Governor Cuomo well I
mean I
you know I'm always down to go
toe-to-toe sometimes but I think what's
what when you actually look at the
numbers that we focused on every single
down-ballot progressive candidate in my
district new york 14 1 new york had a
profound tide tidal change really in the
Democratic Party 1 out of every 5
Democratic senators got replaced on
Thursday night and the path to
eliminating the IDC was through New York
14 in my district so I'm proud to say
that every single locally endorsed
candidate that we mobilize for won our
election Cynthia Nixon did a phenomenal
job
she lost your district by 30 points
right right but we focused on our local
Kansas and we focused on the legislators
but you know I think that what she did
was that she censored a lot of
phenomenal issues she centered racial
justice she centered criminal justice
reform she centered the legalization of
marijuana single-payer health care and a
lot of down ballot candidates benefited
from that and what I also look forward
to moving forward is us rallying behind
all Democratic nominees including the
governor to make sure that he wins in
November your platform has called for
various new programs including Medicare
for all housing as a federal right a
federal jobs guarantee tuition free
public college canceling all student
loan debt according to a nonpartisan and
left-leaning studies friendly to your
cause including the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities or the Tax Policy
Center the overall price tag is more
than 40 trillion dollars in the next
decade you recently said in an interview
that increasing taxes on the very
wealthy plus an increased corporate tax
rate would make 2 trillion dollars over
the next ten years so where's the other
38 trillion dollars going to come from
well one of the things that we need to
realize when we look at something like
Medicare for all Medicare for all would
save the American people a very large
amount of money and what we see as well
is that these systems are not just pie
in the sky they are many of them are
accomplished by every modern civilized
democracy in the Western world the
United the United Kingdom has a form of
single-payer Healthcare Canada France
Germany what we need to realize is that
these investments are better and they
are
good for our future these are
generational investments so that not
just they're not short-term band-aids
but they are really profound decisions
about who we want to be as a nation and
as and how we want to act as the
wealthiest nation in the history of the
world right now I get that but the price
tag for everything that you've laid out
in your campaign is 40 trillion dollars
over the next 10 years I understand that
Medicare for all would cost more to some
wealthier people and to the government
and to taxpayers while also reducing
individual health care expenditures but
I'm talking about the overall package
you say it's not pie in the sky but 40
trillion dollars is quite a bit of money
and the the taxes that you talked about
raising to pay for this to pay for your
agenda only count for two and I'm we're
going by left-leaning analysts right
well when you look again at again how
our health care works currently we pay
much of these costs go into the private
sector so what we see is for example you
know a year ago I was working downtown
in a restaurant I I went around and I
asked how many of you folks have health
insurance not a single person did
because these were they were paying they
would have had to pay $200 a month for
for a payment for insurance that had an
eight thousand dollar deductible I'm
assuming I'm not gonna get an answer for
the other 38 trillion dollars but we'll
have you back and maybe we can go over
that but I do want to ask you about some
breaking news here because okay so I'm
gonna get to the Jake Tapper questions
in a second but first let me just touch
on the New York point so yes it is true
that there were three big left-wing
losses but the winds are as follows
working families party candidates
Alessandra Biaggi Jessica Ramos Rachel
Mei Zellner miry John Liu and Robert
Jackson won their races for state Senate
in New York virtually sweeping the
turncoat IDC caucus so for those of you
who don't know and I don't blame you if
you don't know because this is just a
New York thing the IDC is the
independent democratic conference and
they're basically Democrats who vote
with Republicans I mean that's the best
way to describe it the most simple way
to describe it
and you know this is the group that
Cuomo made a deal to basically turn
control of the Senate over to this group
and they get to stonewall whatever
progressive legislation he brings up so
he's parading around the state going yes
free college for everybody and then when
it doesn't get through he turns around
and gets to go the Democrats caucus with
the Republicans and that's why it's not
me it's them when why did you help turn
power and the Senate over to them but so
while we had the three big losses the
IDC was wiped out so that is a huge
piece of evidence when talking about the
impact of this election it's simply not
accurate to say all the left had all
losses no the left had three big losses
but we also had what one two three four
five six big wins so no you don't get to
just give one you no side of the picture
and then go ah they say there's no real
left-wing revolution here and if you
notice in in the mind of mainstream
media and the establishment whenever a
left-wing candidate wins it's a fluke
whenever a so-called centrist slash
corporatist Democrat wins it's because
they're better candidates and that's
what people want that's the way they
think when in reality it's actually the
opposite any time an establishment
candidate wins it's a fluke and it's a
fluke because they raise a tremendous
amount more money so they can get their
name out there more so they're more
likely to win the election simply by
word of mouth because they're out
spending their opponent so it's more
likely the case that the establishment
candidates are a fluke and the left-wing
candidate those are the real wins where
the people really want those people
based on their message based on their
policy substance and that's what the
polls show as well so they invert
reality he flips reality right on its
head
okay now putting the New York election
aside look at the line of questioning
from Jake Tapper this is not something
he does - you know Republican candidates
- establishment Democrats when they
decide to spend out the wazoo for
different priorities because those
different prior
these are things that Jake Tapper and
everybody else in the establishment they
just grandfather in Oh
tremendous tax cuts for the rich and for
corporations grandfathered in oh bombing
you know three or four new countries and
spending billions of dollar dollars in
the process grandfather that in Oh
endless corporate welfare to Walmart
next on mobile grandfather that in so
the question of how do we pay for it is
never asked when it's things that the
Empire has already deemed these are
Givens but whenever it's spending for
you that's why we gonna pay for it what
are we gonna take care of our fellow
citizens disgusting we need to find the
money to pay for that now there's a few
answers to that question there are
people who know about modern monetary
theory mmt school of economics and they
say well listen the real response to
that is you tell Jake Tapper hey [ __ ]
we control our own currency so of course
we could pay for it by definition we can
pay for it and it doesn't even need to
be deficit-neutral so that's the
response from mmt people now while I
agree with them on the substance I don't
think that as a messaging scheme as a
marketing aspect I don't think that
works because from what I've seen people
tend to scoff at the idea that we really
do control our own currency and that you
know it won't lead to runaway inflation
the reality is you also need political
instability to lead to a gigantic
inflation and bottom line is if you go
back and look at the the trillion-dollar
coin debate this was when there was the
debt ceiling standoff and then one of
the ideas that was proposed was we could
just mint two trillion dollar coin then
the deficit ceiling is taken care of
because we control our own currency so
if you mint one trillion-dollar coin
that solves the problem you don't even
need to worry about the debt ceiling and
that actually is a solution that would
work but it just doesn't sell well
because people tend to scoff at that
idea like oh really a trillion dollar
coin that like something about that just
feels off and people who don't know the
details of modern monetary theory would
look at that and go [ __ ] you guys
talking about that seems like really
irresponsible so even though you it is a
our response to Jake Tapper to say dude
it doesn't have to be deficit-neutral
like that's a fair response and that's
correct I would like to give them a
better answer than that to really shut
them up because that's a long-term
marketing goal is to get people to buy
into the framework of mmt but that's not
short term short term when he goes how
you gonna pay for it you have to have a
better answer so point number one is and
this is something that now is has
permeated and everybody saying well some
of the things you're mentioning don't
actually cost more money they call it
cost less money when you talk about
medicare-for-all yes it saves two
trillion dollars it saves the American
people two trillion dollars so right off
the bat I disagree with your premise
your premise is not correct how are we
gonna pay for the thing that would
actually cost less no the real question
should be how are we gonna pay for the
current system we have right now that's
the real question but beyond that okay
are you worried about the cost of you
know various programs that help the
American people like paid family leave
and and free college and wiping the
student loan debt slate clean well
here's the answer
we're gonna stop all offensive Wars
immediately bring the troops home we're
gonna cut our nine hundred military
bases at least 50% we're gonna end all
welfare - already profitable
mega-corporations we're gonna stop the
80 billion dollars in quantitative
easing that we give per year to big
banks we're gonna do a Wall Street
transaction tax which would raise a
tremendous amount of money we're gonna
increase the capital gains rate and in
fact we're gonna take the capital gains
rate which is tax on the money you make
through investments we're gonna chain
the capital gains rate to the income tax
rate so that if you make 5 million
dollars through investments some rich
person does that well instead of paying
15% or 20% the capital gains rate you're
gonna pay what the rate would be on the
top marginal rate as if it's regular
incomes you're gonna pay like 40 percent
and then also we could just increase the
top marginal rate and you could also add
new brackets right now if I'm not
mistaken I think the top bracket kicks
in it like over five hundred thousand or
over a million dollars why not add
another bracket for five million why not
another bracket for 10 million why not
add another bracket for [ __ ] 100
million
you should you should do that and then
we have a better progressive tax system
where you know you make it so that you
don't tax working people like crazy the
higher they go up the economic ladder
you tax them more and you make us a lot
more like Scandinavia in that respect
another thing you could do is close the
offshore tax havens where you know a
hundred billion dollars in government
revenue per year is hidden overseas from
these offshore tax havens in the Cayman
Islands and places like that and the
government just sits by and lets rich
people get away with it well how about
no you don't let the rich people get
away with that how about that so these
are all answers oh how do you pay for it
you do all the things I just mentioned
and then you probably do have enough to
pay for it just by doing that but even
if you don't that's when you can bring
up the point doesn't have to be deficit
neutral just like the Republicans did a
massive tax cut for the rich added it to
the deficit and then turn around to go
what do you mean this is fine we're
allowed to do this we prioritize the tax
cuts we're allowed to do it so why can't
we do the same thing and then turn
around and go yeah it's called Medicare
for all or it's called free college and
even if it does add to the deficit
whoopee free can do it's a moral
priority we are saying we are
grandfathering this in because it's
spending for the American people it was
the government doing what the government
should be doing but having said all that
given what I just said to pay for it I
think that'll be more than enough to pay
for it
never mind realigning current priorities
that we already have where we spend you
know too much money on certain things so
it's uh that's how you answer that
question but the thing is Jake Tapper's
line of questioning says everything
listen guys when it comes to to
messaging oftentimes it's not in the
answer it's in the question and the
question is let me repeatedly and
viciously you know go pedal-to-the-metal
full speed ahead trying to frame it as
if you agree with these priorities
Europe you know a dumb pie in the sky
unicorn fairy dust not realistic
lefty that's the framework that's the
underlying message now he might try to
you know say oh that's not the case I'm
just trying to do my job but again I
submit to you
look at how he frames questions against
corporate Democrats look at how he
frames questions against Republicans
look at their spending priorities and
his lack of questioning and then look at
how he frames it when it's the left and
you'll see exactly where his priorities
lie and we already know this cuz he did
that he's the guy who did the non fact
check fact check the [ __ ] fact check
that got ripped on Medicare for all and
uh everyone's like this is totally
inaccurate so he does like a little
tweak to it but then they repost it and
it's still largely [ __ ] and by the
way the heart of that so-called fact
check was Bernie says this would save
the government money and it doesn't save
the government money talking about
Medicare for all but Bernie didn't say
that Bernie said it would save the
American people money which is true so
it wasn't even a fact check it was just
[ __ ] propaganda done behalf of the
for-profit health insurance companies
and he went to the to the coke funded
so-called researchers and asked them hey
do you agree with Bernie Sanders that's
not a fact check Jake you're supposed to
be a fact check
not just Bernie but you're also supposed
to fact check the people who did the
research because maybe they have a
conflict of interest and they got say I
don't know coke brother [ __ ] money
you dumbass and that's what happened so
he's just a tool he's just a tool of the
establishment he's supposed to put on a
suit and look smug and sit up there and
pretend like he's calling balls and
strikes when the reality is he is deeply
ideological and he's embedded in the ass
of the establishment and that's why he's
gotten as far as he's got because he's
willing to do those talking points that
bolster the establishment narrative
while pretending he's not doing that
well he is and I'm here to call it out
