hello everybody I'll let you boy
I know it's early it it's early for me
too
got a lot of stuff to talk about today I
wanted to do a secular talk secular
talking smack live stream I haven't done
one of these in a while um goddamn I
woke up today in my right eye it looks
like I have pinkeye or something and I'm
looking at it now in the live stream
holy [ __ ] does that look bad Wow I mean
look at that Jesus that's why I'm
wearing my glasses because my contacts
you know sometimes I get I get a little
too ambitious with my contacts I uh I
wear the night and day ones and what
happens is I I go I go nuts I'll wear my
night-and-day contacts for like
sometimes two months straight and it
never really bothers my eyes I know some
people like cor and he wears contacts
from time to time and for him like he
has to take him out every night and if
he doesn't take him out every night
he'll like wake up from a nap or
something or from one night sleep and
his eyes will be black really red and
they'll be in pain for me I get the
night and day ones and I could just
sleep even if I didn't have the night
and day once back when I had the ones
you're supposed to take out every night
I would still sleep with them for like a
week or two weeks and I'd be fine
I feel no problem with it at all I
wouldn't be in pain that my eyes
wouldn't be read this I don't think this
is because of the contacts I think it's
actually because of maybe pinkeye
maybe I got pinkeye it looks like
pinkeye and it's like watery and stuff
it's gross its disgusting
but anyway on that lovely note to start
like I said there's a bunch of stuff
that I want to get to I'll take some
super chats a little bit later so if you
just popped into this live stream you
could hold off on the super chats for
now because if you send a super chat now
I'm not really gonna see it I'll
announce when I'm ready to start taking
some some super chats let me get into
the live control
so I put in the title some of the stuff
that I wanted to talk about oh the
political debate I'm so terrible at um
promoting [ __ ] that involves me I really
I'm the worst
but I'm trying to I'm trying to get
better at it and I'm trying to talk
about it more often like i retweeted my
announcement that i'm going to be at
politican yesterday and there were
people who were like oh [ __ ] you're
gonna be a politican and then that's
just a reminder to me that's like oh
just cuz i said it once doesn't mean
that everybody caught on to it that
first time in fact it's probably the
exact opposite is true people had no
idea most people probably had no idea
and unless you saw that one particular
video of me discussing it then you
wouldn't know so I try to remind myself
to talk about this stuff more often I'm
gonna be debating Ann Coulter at
politican it should be fun I'm starting
to get more of the details now a lot of
people have been asking me okay what
what day are you gonna do it and and do
you know what time and all that stuff I
do not know the time I know that as of
right now it's supposed to be I think on
Saturday that I debate and Coulter now
I'm also gonna be for the other days I
will also be involved in other ways and
politic on I think I'm gonna be I have
the one debate with Ann Coulter then I
have I think two more panels that I'm
supposed to be on and I'm not the
details are still being ironed out for
for the panel's but my understanding is
that at least one of the panel's the
conversation is going to be what should
the Democratic Party do moving forwards
like reforming the Democratic Party and
how we move forward from here and you
know I
some people would frame it as repairing
the Democratic Party bringing back unity
after what happened in the 2016 election
you know I don't even know if that's
necessarily a good thing to be unified
if you're unifying with a you know one
half
of the picture and that half is just
corrupt I don't want to unify with
corrupt people so it'll it should be an
interesting discussion I know I'm gonna
be there we're gonna have Anna kasparian
from TYT is gonna be there I think she's
supposed to be on one of the panels with
me David Pakman will be there Sam cedar
these are people whose names I've seen
floated as to potentially be in on
certain panels with me so there's a lot
of stuff to look forward to I'm
certainly looking forward to it
I know that the probably the debate is
the thing that's gonna get most of most
of the attention at least in terms of
the stuff that I'll be involved in but
honestly I think even the panel
discussion should be interesting
so I left the tickets in the description
to the live stream if you wanna you know
join us please I want to pack that place
full of secular talk listeners and that
will certainly make me feel more to use
that's for damn sure
and yeah we'll be able to interact and
have some fun and again I think the Ann
Coulter debate is supposed to be on that
Saturday so because you know it's like a
two-day thing so people were asking hey
which which one should I get I go in two
days is a little excessive you know I
think the N Coulter one Saturday but the
thing is like I said all the details are
still being ironed out so I'm not even
sure if that's gonna maintain maybe that
all change and if it does change
obviously I'll tell you guys and I'll
update you on that but I thought hey
it's probably good idea if I let
everybody know that I'm gonna be a
polite akan because so far I've only
mentioned it like two times so I should
probably continue to do that and try to
do that almost every show from now until
Politico and I probably be a good idea
so get some tickets and we'll have some
fun it's in LA it's actually a good
segue talking about the Democratic Party
and how that might be one of the panels
to the first topic should I dive into
what do I put in the title of video did
I put Ted Cruz first or did I put
Hillary Clinton first I don't even know
I'll talk about whichever one I put
first Ted Cruz
I put me
truths people are debating which which
impression is better my Ted Cruz
impression or my Pat Robertson here I'll
do my Pat Robertson that's my Pat
Robertson my Ted Cruz just involves the
word me that's my whole Ted Cruz
impression I'm take with me so Ted Cruz
is in serious trouble and I think I
think he realizes that because now he's
sending out fake summons to to try to
get money to try to raise campaign funds
and listen that's a sign that he's in
trouble and he knows he's in trouble
because he's pulling out all these
sleazy dirty tricks and remember we've
done some segments recently where Ted
Cruz is just his ads are like comically
bad I mean really but there's one ad
where like the whole thing is like I
stand for the anthem me it's like it's
right-wing virtue signaling that's what
he's doing he's doing virtue signaling
to the right I like the anthem and I
enjoy America I think America is good me
so he did that and I always whenever I
think about Ted Cruz now I think about
the video of him during the election
where he's sitting next to his uh his
mom and he's trying to you know make it
seem like he's got the perfect Leave It
to Beaver family and because he feels
like that's what he needs to portray in
order to win and he's like you know my
mother she prays for me every day four
hours a day and his mom is like
what he's so bad he's so awkward and
then what was the other one that he did
recent oh he went after bait O'Rourke
for cursing there was an ant Ted Cruz ad
that went after beta O'Rourke for
cursing and it's like hey dude and were
one you support Donald Trump and he
curses more than any politician number
two you're making him look like a badass
and this is the same thing I said when
Republicans ran an ad back here in the
primary when they were going after Trump
for cursing
I said you're doing his work for him
because you're making oh he's a rough
around the edges he's not like the other
fake politicians that's how you're
that's what the message people are gonna
take away from that and if you do the
same thing for beta O'Rourke you're
helping him and also you're blowing up
this myth of like but you know you
portray left eases the stereotypical you
know in their feelings and mushy and
snowflakes and then now what you're
doing is you're saying oh he's not that
he's he's like a cool dude who's not
afraid to break convention so he's so
bad but the fact that you have to send
out like I'm not sure that might even be
illegal so as a campaign you're gonna
send out fundraising appeals and it's
gonna have some ins on it you can't
impersonate a summons that's crazy
you shouldn't be allowed to do I don't I
don't honestly they might not be allowed
to do that that may be a violation of
the law so again I think that shows that
he's in trouble
and he knows he's in trouble and boy is
that amazing I mean we're talking about
Texas and it's supposed to be like a
layup election for Ted Cruz but he's
just such a bad politician that it's not
and you know I actually I have many
issues with how bado is running his
campaign but um as I've said before I
think he might even be able to pull it
off because Ted is so bad so even though
I think bado is running a flawed
campaign that might not even matter
because he's better than Ted Cruz so
it'll be interesting to see what happens
Ben I'm very interested to see what
happens in that race um but I will say
this if if bado happens to lose that's
what I'm gonna remind if
of all the things that I thought he did
wrong I already mentioned it in one in
one segment we don't need to get into it
now but I'll just say that if he doesn't
win it'll be because he wasn't populist
enough again he might pull it out
because apparently he's going all over
Texas and he's he's really like I think
he's been to every county in Texas so
he's really like putting in the legwork
which is great which I support so he
might pull it out for that reason and
because Ted Cruz is Ted Cruz me and he's
so terrible but if he doesn't pull it
out I'll think it's because he wasn't
populist enough and honestly I think
that was a little bit of what happened
with Cynthia Nixon well we won't talk
about that now I'm sure you guys might
have some questions about that and which
I'll be happy to answer when we get to
the Super chats but I think that was one
of the things with Cynthia okay Hillary
Clinton so this you know I was thinking
okay maybe I'll save it for a regular
show but now I'll just talk about it now
because I really don't want to give her
any more official attention on the
regular show we'll do it in a secular
talking smack
she got downgraded now she's in the
secular talking's it's like the kids
table debate remember the kids table
debate you're in the Republican primary
where they had all the shittier
candidates they had like [ __ ] Bobby
Jindal and Lindsey Graham debate each
other like earlier as what Hillary
Clinton's been downgraded so now we're
talking about her here and not on the
regular show but she tweeted something
she did this long tweet storm ago my god
Donald Trump was terrible Wow fresh
material you got there Hillary and
here's one of the things she said that
really blew up on lefty Twitter she said
Donald Trump refuses to be subject to
the law the legitimacy of our elections
is in doubt okay let's pause right there
that's only half the tweet but let's
pause right there the legitimacy of our
elections is in doubt almost like the
legitimacy of the 2016 Democratic
primary was in doubt because of you and
Debbie wasserman-schultz
and the DNC and your agreement with them
where they were basically in
arm of the Hillary Clinton campaign and
you know how WikiLeaks proved that you
guys fundamentally rigged the primary
against Bernie Sanders who was the
candidate who could have beaten Donald
Trump you mean that kind of endowed
Hillary the kind of in doubt where you
rigged a primary and then screw over the
country and screw over the Democratic
Party from getting the proper nominee
who can beat Donald Trump you mean that
kind of in doubt is that the kind of in
doubt you're talking about you mean the
kind of in doubt we're donna Brazile
sneaks you questions to a debate before
the debate actually happens that kind of
in doubt you mean the the voting times
in pro bernie districts being fiddled
with you mean that kind of in doubt you
mean the kind of in doubt where you hide
debates on purpose in order to try to
maintain your lead and run out the clock
you mean that kind of in doubt is that
the kind of in doubt you mean our
elections are in doubt is that the kind
of in doubt i mean that's her hypocrisy
is the thing I can't get over but it
gets worse she says the administration
is undermining the national unity that
makes democracy possible okay I'll pause
again that's not the whole tweet but
I'll pause again this is the same kind
of mealy-mouthed corporate democrat
[ __ ] that doesn't appeal to anybody
I care about national down today right
what does that mean what does that mean
it means oh I want Democrats and
Republicans to hold hands and sing
Kumbaya and act like everything is great
and we love each other that's not an a
winning message I mean Adam Johnson
affair says it best he says nobody
nobody shows up to a pep rally to root
for a tie and when that's what you're
talking about national unity that's what
you're doing like why can't we all just
get along and hold hands why don't [ __ ]
would you want to get along with people
who want to wage endless war and want to
take health care away from everybody and
who are speeding up the next crash by
deregulating and cutting taxes for the
rich why don't you want to get along
with them I don't want a tional unity
with those people the elected
Republicans I don't want that so that's
[ __ ] mealy-mouthed corporate
democrat nonsense and then here's the
line that is really the cherry on top
and it's the worst part and then there's
the breathtaking corruption Hillary
Clinton says of Donald Trump now let me
be crystal clear for those of you who
try to take this out of context is
Donald Trump corrupt
you bet your ass cheeks he's corrupt
it's not even a question I mean it they
have in emoluments case against him that
has proceeded through two court's so
emoluments means he's taking money from
foreign governments and that that is the
Constitution doesn't allow that because
then you have a president who's
compromised who will do the bidding of
the governments that are paying him
money and he has there's legitimacy to
the emoluments case nevermind the
private donations and doing the bidding
of Wall Street packing his
administration full of goldman sachs and
so on and so forth he is insanely
corrupt
however hillary clinton is - you do not
get to say talk about breathtaking
corruption when it was the clinton
foundation that was directly involved in
the looting of Haiti after the
earthquake you don't get to talk about
corruption when it's the Clinton
Foundation that has a thousand
corruption scandals with legitimacy
don't take my word for it
David Sirota of the International
Business Times wrote an amazing article
that details all of the corruption
scandals with the Clinton Foundation in
particular and it is mind-boggling it's
an endless list of corruption scandals
and most importantly you don't get to
talk about corruption when Hillary and
Bill together for their respective
careers you know how much money they
raise from private donors and it's for
all of their endeavors for their for
their respective campaigns for the
Clinton Foundation for everything put
together three billion dollars now if
you tell me they raise three billion
dollars in private donations and they
did not turn around and do favors for
the big-money interests that gave them
that money I'm gonna tell you to go [ __ ]
yourself and you're being willfully
blind to the reality of the situation
and look it's reflected in the voting
record again don't take my word for it
why do you think Hillary Clinton has to
say like she did in the debate before
the crash on Wall Street I went down
there and I told them you guys better
cut it out cut it out why did she say
that because she had nothing stronger to
say to point to her record because she
she was in favor of the deregulation of
Wall Street so now it's oh sure my
policies role on the
side but I went down there and told him
and wag my finger and said you better
cut it out see corporate Democrats are
the downfall of the Democratic Party and
whenever Hillary Clinton goes out there
and she tries to lead this charge
against Donald Trump all its gonna do is
set us back because now instead of
having the conversation that we should
be having what we're doing is we have to
pick apart Hillary Clinton in our own
side because of the breathtaking
hypocrisy and the breathtaking
corruption that we have to deal with and
she even had the nerve to go on and say
here I'll read this one for you David
Sirota on Twitter pointed this out
Hillary goes there is a tendency when
talking about these things to wring our
hands about both sides but the truth is
that this is not a symmetrical problem
when it comes to the issue of corruption
you bet your ass it's a symmetrical
problem it's not a symmetrical problem
when it comes to say social issues
Republicans are just flat-out worse you
can point to maybe six or seven
different issues where it is not a
symmetrical problem and the Republicans
are just way way WAY WAY worse but when
it comes to buying into the premise of
we're gonna take corporate money we're
gonna take billionaire money yeah it is
a symmetrical problem it 100% is a
symmetrical problem and she is the queen
of corruption so for her to say that is
like here's what that means
she knows she's being a hypocrite and so
she has to go above and beyond to try to
hide her hypocrisy and then also what
David Schroeder puts next to that which
really just proves his point and proves
Hilary dead wrong is that at the same
time she was tweeting this you know what
was going on the Senate voted ninety
three to seven to approve a six hundred
and seven billion dollar military budget
which is a seventeen billion dollar
increase and it's the biggest military
budget outside of the height of the Iraq
war and you know who the no votes were I
hope you're sitting down Paul to me SAS
Lee flake Perdue and Bernie Sanders so
in other words six of the no votes on
the giant increase in military spending
we're Republicans the only person who's
on the left who was against it Bernie
Sanders so when Hillary says oh this
isn't a this isn't a symmetrical problem
they're the problem every single
Democrat in the Senate voted to give
thin-skinned lunatic maniac crazy person
Donald Trump a six hundred and seven
