dave rubin went on Joe Rogan's podcast
and they went back and forth on the
issue of regulation this is interesting
let's watch and then I have a bunch of
stuff I want to say what problem would
you everything you're building here
right now right do you want the
government to tell you how to do all
these things and all the regulations
that you got to have your electric thing
this far from this and like all the
regulations like that for construction
are important though you do have to make
sure that people don't do stupid [ __ ]
but machinery of a power lines near a
water line yeah there's a lot of but I
would put most of that on the builders
though they want to build things that
are good now I get how all that's not
true
listen people know people are gonna
corners all the time like you have to
have regulations when it comes to
construction methods or people are gonna
get [ __ ] they cut regulate they cut
corners when there are regulations
anyway they do they would cut a lot more
if there weren't regular I'm not totally
the third world countries and look at
construction methods they're [ __ ]
dangerous yeah that's why schools
collapse on kids in foreign countries
sometimes like well I'm not complete I'm
not telling you that I'm against all
regulation period that's where but
that's where I said intellectually I
like that argument because you could
make us I think you can make a very
sound argument that competition would
force people to do better work like if
you're a plumber you have a vested
interest in doing the best plumbing job
you can so that people will rate you on
Yelp so that you will get more work you
don't have a vested interest in cutting
corners now you might write you're gonna
push it as much as you can to save as
much time and energy and money as you
can but once you go over that edge yeah
you don't want to be known as the guy
that the you tighten something too much
so that you flooded the house or when
you're building and you're thinking
logically though when when people [ __ ]
things up and short things and do things
terrible they're not thinking logically
but I don't think it's generous I don't
think it's the government that they're
like the government gave me this
regulation so that's why I'm gonna do it
right well if you didn't have any
regulations there'd be no incentive
whatsoever to do it right there would be
an incentive Spector's no one was gonna
check their stuff and make sure that
their stuff was up to code listen man I
was in the structure in my whole life my
dad's an architect
yeah been in construction since I was a
little kid you [ __ ] need regulations
these guys a lot of people that are in
construction they're they'll do whatever
the [ __ ] they can to make
and it's not good for the people that
have the house because they might have
that house for five ten years before
that problem manifests itself the the
people who were establishing these codes
are licensed builders or people that
have been involved in construction for a
long [ __ ] time and they know what's
safe and what's not safe that's why
those codes exist they exist to protect
the consumers you can't just protect the
consumers through the marketplace
because so I'm not calling for time for
these problems to become a real issue
and these problems could potentially
damage everybody in the neighborhood
it's not just gonna affect the person on
this one lot like of a fire starts it
burns all the houses in the neighborhood
or if a flood happens and it floods
everyone downhill it's a real problem
absolutely real careful with
construction I get it and you know my
dad wasn't in construction so I'm not
privy to like all of that the little
stuff but I genuinely believe that as a
general level people have a vested
interest in especially now because of
phones and apps and Yelp and all these
doing good work because that's how you
will get more work you're never gonna
remove the people who will do shoddy
shitty malicious [ __ ] but you can keep
them a bay with regulation but what is
like what's the solution if someone
pollutes if you're not gonna have
regulation what is the solution if
someone does something that's illegal
well if you're not gonna have a
regulation it wouldn't be illegal but
your question is well it's illegal to
dump things into the river right I mean
it's just that's not a matter of
regulation
I mean polluting willful poisoning of
rivers I'm sure he's actually terrorism
right yeah it would be a bunch of like
so what those guys would argue is what I
said before which is that ultimately
especially now because of technology
like in the old days so like every time
someone cuts a regulation I've heard
Bill Maher say this a lot they're gonna
start polluting the river immediately
that implies that these businessmen
whatever they're you know whether
whatever they're whatever industry that
they're in that they're immediately
gonna be like hah the regulations gon
start polluting the water we live in a
time now where everyone's walking around
with an iPhone where maybe fifty years
ago you could have got away with a lot
of bad [ __ ] right
coal miners that were breathing all
kinds of horrible [ __ ] that nobody was
ever gonna find out about where now
everybody is walking around with snap
Chadd and Instagram and blah blah blah
so a lot of the stuff would be exposed
more so that all of the things that
we've been talking about for the last
couple hours about about people getting
involved a lot of the things I think
would start self-regulating but again
and then I won't say it again I'm not
for just deregulating everything I just
think there's probably better ways to do
it than just having the government come
in and say this is what you got to do
and now figure it out because the
government isn't that good at most
things I like how the entire time he's
arguing for deregulation and then when
Joe Rogan's like listen that makes
absolutely no sense and here's why he
pivots to no I'm now I'm not calling for
getting rid of all these regulations and
then he proceeds to continue to make the
argument to get rid of all regulations
so he's trying to have it both ways he's
trying to give himself the wiggle room
to say okay if this is coming across
really stupid then I don't I don't mean
it literally but at the same time I'm
gonna go ahead and make these arguments
where the conclusion of the points on
making its let's not have regulations so
it's just it's really slimy and those
are there are a lot of bad points there
so let's go through it
the idea that Oh iPhones or Yelp will
somehow be sufficient in making sure
that corporations don't cut corners I
mean that's that's almost so silly as to
not merit comment I mean do we have to
go through the thousands of examples of
yes even the media which is it's a lot
more than just an iPhone video going
viral right like the mainstream media
apparatus going oh [ __ ]
look at what happened with GE polluting
the Hudson River and even that that's
not enough to get them to do the right
thing you need the government to step in
and say listen if you don't do the right
thing then there's gonna be a giant
penalty here so and that's the point is
Dave Rubin acts like a guy who's 14
years old who just read
his first ein ran book and like
instantly agreed with all of it and
thought like oh this is brilliant I
never heard of this before I guess greed
might be good and dude you're a
grown-ass man you're not 14 years old
anymore listen up I'll be totally
upfront with you guys when I was in my
early teens yeah I read some mine ran
books and I I was somewhat convinced by
them and I was like oh [ __ ] this is
interesting I never thought of it in
this way but then you grow out of that
phase when you realize that the
overwhelming weight of the empirical
evidence is in the opposite direction
see that's the thing libertarians and
anarcho-capitalists they have the all
these theories like well if this if this
happens then
this is the way that people will react
in the marketplace but it turns out that
the evidence is the exact opposite it's
so it's not true if you get rid of the
regulations everything basically self
regulates and it works out that it is
just objectively empirically false when
you look at the actual data and you and
when you look at the historical record
so let me give some examples
glass-steagall this is a perfect example
now that was repealed by Bill Clinton
what did glass-steagall do
glass-steagall was a separation of
commercial banking and investment
banking by law so it's a regulation that
effectively said this when you go to the
bank and you put your money in the bank
you have an expectation that okay I'm
giving it to this well-known institution
you know whatever JPMorgan Chase you you
name it and there's this understanding
there's this implicit agreement of I'm
gonna put my money in this Bank and it's
safe there it's safe there
and the reason you you assumed hey it's
gonna be safe is because there were
rules in place that said commercial
banks cannot take your money and do
casino capitalist bets with it there are
really really high risk bets and anybody
who's a gambler will tell you if you
make these high-risk bets long enough of
course they're gonna explode and blow up
and you're gonna lose all your [ __ ]
money so they were doing puts and calls
and all these insane
financial tricks and derivatives bets
and things of that nature with your
money when you just go to your local
bank and put your money in there well
guess what that's a recipe for an
economic meltdown so we had this
regulation in place this rule in place
where they said no if you do if you put
your money in the in your local bank
they have to by law do safe investments
with that they can't do the really high
risk casino capitalist investments
because that'll blow up see what happens
Dave is that people especially at these
financial institutions they always work
for their short-term benefit and making
a lot of money quickly as opposed to
doing safe investments and maybe making
a little bit of money over an extended
period of time
see that's the thing it's not that the
guys on Wall Street are the smartest
guys in the room they're the greediest
guys in the room and the evidence of
that is what happened with the subprime
mortgage crisis and the Great Recession
and he also floats later on in this clip
like oh well can't we just privatize
some of the regulations so here's a good
example of something along those lines
we had ratings agencies that you know
you've heard of the ratings agencies
before there's a few of them and weird
it turned out that they were rating
these subprime mortgage packages
triple-a now how could that happen how
could that happen that they're rating
the subprime mortgage packages triple-a
when it turns out they were uttered dog
[ __ ] and they led to a financial
implosion well you have a giant conflict
of interest when the companies that hold
those toxic subprime mortgage packages
are paying the ratings agencies to give
them the rating when Wall Street firms
paid ratings agencies they just said
whatever the Wall Street firms wanted
them to say so if you make it a private
company far from being a cure-all it's
the exact opposite
exact opposite what happens is there's a
giant conflict of interest and they're
all in on the game and they're all
trying to make money in the short run
and damn the long-term consequences
because it's not gonna affect me see
what they did with these subprime
mortgage packages they played hot potato
so they're ranked triple-a even though
that's [ __ ]
one company takes them in and they go oh
[ __ ] these are actually this is [ __ ]
and then they sell it off to another
company and then they sell it off to
another company on the books everybody's
making a tremendous amount of money but
really these mortgages are gonna implode
because people are not gonna be able to
pay to pay them they're gonna default on
their loans very quickly as soon as the
adjustable rate kicks in so the only way
to address that is through government
regulation the only way to address GE
polluting the water because they saved
money if they polluted the river they
saved money to dispose of the toxic
waste in a legitimate way costs a lot of
[ __ ] money and they're not gonna cut
into their [ __ ] profit margin
willingly they're not gonna do that
because who cares it's just a river it's
not gonna affect me it's gonna affect
whoever's down you know down there
the FDA take the FDA for example so
there are far fewer instances of
pharmaceutical drugs not working why
because they are FDA regulated and they
have to go through extensive testing and
verification now on the flip side there
are countless examples of supplements
like you go to you go to Vitamin Shoppe
for example a lot of the [ __ ] there
probably way more than half of the [ __ ]
there is just [ __ ] it just doesn't
work but it doesn't work in the sense
that there's no evidence for the
products in the first place but on top
of that a lot of the times they have
these capsules that are just filled with
like soy powder but they say a whole
bunch of other stuff on the label so how
the [ __ ] can they get away with selling
a product that isn't even what it says
on the label because they're not FDA
regulated if they were FDA regulated the
FDA could look at it and say oh this is
[ __ ] and you're selling snake oil so
now you have to sell the right thing or
we're gonna stop you from selling
anything that's the way
this stuff works I mean the idea that we
have to make a case to you know have a
police officer on the beat which is what
this is effectively and the
counter-argument is like no it'll all
work itself out the [ __ ] you talking
about there was a scandal where because
of a lack of regulation people were
selling rat meat and saying it was
chicken well what is the what's the only
way to fix that to have government
regulators go oh [ __ ] you're lying now
dave rubin might counter argue
yeah but then eventually people will
learn it's rat meat and then they'll
tell them hey don't go to that vendor
because that'll you know that they suck
and they're selling rat meat and saying
it's chicken but Dave how many people
have to [ __ ] eat the rat before you
get to that point a lot of people are
gonna have to eat the rat now aren't
they
one of the reasons we know as a matter
of fact that regulation works is there
was a massive period of deregulation on
the lead-up to the Great Depression
now during the Great Depression one of
the things that happened was FDR
put into place massive regulations of
Wall Street to try to prevent another
economic crash and then we had decades
of sustained growth and the next big
downturn we had was after the neoliberal
period when they brought back the
deregulation because when you have
deregulation and tax cuts for the rich
well you have are what's called boom
bust cycles so the economy takes off and
explodes and then it all implodes and
the bubble bursts and it doesn't take a
genius to see that we're in a bubble in
2007 it doesn't take a genius to see
that we're in a bubble today in 2018 and
a lot of this has to do with massive
Wall Street deregulation so you need a
refs you need refs in the game to make
sure that everything is fair and that
everything is on the up-and-up
and when you get rid of the
it's not that everything gets better
it's that everything in the long run
gets much much worse
