so we had a government shutdown occur
and that means Congress couldn't agree
on a spending bill so Republicans are
trying to blame it all on Democrats
Democrats are trying to blame it on
Republicans I'm gonna break down for you
exactly where the blame lies now the
most important fact is Republicans
weren't even close so they didn't even
get 50 votes
never mind 60 votes so you had Jeff
Flake Mike Lee Lindsey Graham and Rand
Paul vote against the spending bill so
all of the all of the grandstanding
against Democrats doesn't make much
sense since you didn't even get over 50
votes for your side so I don't you can't
even get your side together but you're
gonna blame Democrats for not voting for
it now again the specifics are
interesting and we'll get to that but
first let me tell you who's affected by
the government shutdown so let me tell
you exactly what that means because
people like to throw that around without
giving you the context and all the
specifics of it so take a look at this
700,000 undocumented immigrants who are
part of the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program daca will be
affected as there's currently no fix in
place ahead for the March 5th deadline 9
million children who are under the
children's health insurance program
whose parents who usually earn too much
to qualify for Medicaid but not enough
to afford private health coverage will
have less certainty about the future of
their health care about 1.3 million
active-duty military will be expected to
work potentially without pay the
military is currently paid through
February 1st in the 2013 government
shutdown about 850,000 government
employees were furloughed each day and
there could be a similar number this
time around 1.8 7 million civilian
government workers could be exempt from
furlough including the workers at the
Transportation Security Administration
and food and safety inspectors border
patrol officers and federal prison
guards up to 417 National Park sites
could be closed though the Trump
administration is going to try
to allow limited access wherever
possible Interior Department spokeswoman
Heather swift told CNN 19 Smithsonian
museums could be closed now this is the
first time in US history that there was
a government shutdown when one party
controls everything so the Republicans
obviously have the presidency with
Donald Trump they have the Senate and
they have the house they control
everything and they still weren't able
to get a spending bill passed first time
in US government history so again keep
that in mind because that's an important
fact that's being overlooked now the
main argument coming from Republicans at
least at this moment is well the
Democrats they don't they're holding our
troops hostage I can't believe they're
holding our troops hostage and that's
simply not true
so Mike Pence did a speech where he lied
Paul Ryan has been lying about this on
Twitter Ted Cruz exact same thing where
they're claiming Democrats don't even
want to pay the troops to fight for
illegal immigrants Democrats are not
even paying the troops well you're gonna
see how true that is
in this clip so yesterday when the
government had already shut down but in
the morning they had they were trying to
work out a deal and you had Senator
Claire McCaskill take to the floor and
say the following and listen to Mitch
McConnell's reaction senator from
Missouri mr. president I am this
shouldn't take very long but I was most
disappointed tonight when the president
United States put out a statement that
tried to divide us based on party when
it came to support of our military there
is no such division everyone in this
chamber knows it and so as we have in
other instances where we have had a
shutdown I remember in 2013 we did this
right off the bat I want to make sure
that tonight we send a very clear signal
that we don't want one
to pass with there being any uncertainty
of any soldier anywhere in the world
that they will be paid for the valiant
work they do on behalf of our national
security I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the immediate
consideration of calendar number 36 HR
1301 that the amendment at the desk
providing for continuing appropriations
for pay and death penalty for members of
the Armed Services be considered and
agreed to the bill as amended be
considered read a third time and passed
and the motions to reconsider be
considered made and laid upon the table
with no intervening action or debate is
there objection mr. Paden reserving the
right to object what therefore I've J so
there you have it the the main argument
coming from Republicans now is they're
not the Democrats these goddamn
Democrats to defend illegal immigrants
they're willing to not pay our glorious
troops good well no they actually
proposed doing exactly that
Andy you rejected it you rejected it
Mitch McConnell is not in favor of
paying the troops but what's most
stunning about this shutdown is the
Democrats did the typical weak spineless
democratic thing of giving the
Republicans everything they want and
then the Republicans still said no and
spit in their eye so the main crux of
this comes down to whether or not
there's going to be protections for the
dreamers the Republicans keep saying
that they're not against the dreamers
but then they're refusing to to do
protections for them in any spending
bill so it they won't they won't just
say it but the Democrats have laid out
the red carpet in fact I'm gonna show
you this tweet here from dick Durbin
take a look at that tweet we're gonna be
discussing that a lot more today that
tweet but dick Durbin rolls out hey
listen this we're giving you everything
you want even the [ __ ] border wall
they say okay yeah sure no problem we're
willing to the border wall if there's
protections
for the dreamers and the Republicans are
still saying no so the Republican
position is you give me everything you
get nothing and then I'm gonna scold you
for not supporting it what the [ __ ] is
that what is that I mean that's it's
amazing how ridiculous they are and just
detach from reality they are but also
how powerful this is as a strategy so
part of their strategy just lying I mean
what they do is they'll just they try to
do hashtag Schumer shut down and push it
on social media of course that's it's
not catching on as much as they'd like
but they've made it a debate they've now
made it a debate the polls show the
American people blame Republicans for
the shutdown way more than the Democrats
but the Republicans are being so
aggressive in the framing and the
marketing that they're saying no it
really is the Democrats fault and now
Pete some people are shrugging their
shoulders for this maybe it is the
Democrats fault the Republicans keep
saying it's the Democrats fault but this
is their strategy and this is this is
what they're good at now the Democrats
on the other hand do the exact wrong
approach so the Democrats are the person
who walks in to buy a let's say a
fifteen thousand dollar used car and
they go up to the salesman and they go
how much is this oh it's it's fifteen
thousand okay I'll give you sixteen
thousand wait what why do what are you
talking about why would you do that that
it's fifteen thousand that's the sticker
price you're offering a buff sticker
price right away I don't understand that
Schumer was bragging about the wall
representative Gutierrez was bragging
about the wall dick durbin yeah sure
will give you a wall no problem we'll
give you everything you want just the
only thing we want is daca in return and
they still say no and the Republicans
still say no by the way Democrats the
way you're supposed to fight and the way
you're supposed to negotiate because if
do you want to win in the next election
or not apparently they don't want to win
the way you negotiate is you walk up to
a used-car sell to how much is this
oh it's $15,000 that's nice I'll give
you a nine that's how you negotiate you
negotiate and by the way you're
negotiating from a position of strength
in this I haven't heard a single
Democrat reference poll numbers in
guards to the policies that they're
fighting for the Republicans love they
just keep [ __ ] smearing feces all
over the face of the Democrats and
they're like yeah you're legal
immigrants you want to protect illegal
immigrants and you screw it over our
troops to do it not a single Democrat
has said whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
that's nonsense we're fighting for
people who were brought here as children
all they know is America they're wildly
productive they're getting educated they
have jobs these are good people
and by the way seventy to eighty percent
of the American people support them 70
to 80 percent of the men are with us
so you Republican Party need to go out
there and explain to the American people
why you're fascists and tyrants and
authoritarians and you want to override
the Democratic will of seventy to eighty
percent of the American people this is
supposed to be a constitutional republic
and a representative democracy do your
[ __ ] job and represent the people but
no the Democrats go listen all we want
is one thing Dhaka that's it that's all
we want is one thing we're gonna give
you everything you want outside of that
and the Republicans go no we want a
hundred percent of what we want and we
want you to fall in line and vote for it
too it's amazing the political debate
they were having in the country and this
explains why the Overton Window which is
the spectrum of debate and conversation
that's deemed appropriate is
significantly far right so we have the
Overton Window in Washington DC
among the establishment in the United
States the right fringe is fascism and
the left fringe is moderate Republican
ISM is being a center-right person
centrist you know at at most so this is
a encapsulation of everything that's
wrong with with the debate in our
country at the moment so if I if I were
in the Democrats shoes what would I do
I would say this is this is a win across
the board for us because look the polls
show the American people will blame
Republicans I would point that out
non-stop and say you're not gonna pull
one over on the American people they
know whose fault it is you control every
branch of government you can't even hold
your own
caucus and you're gonna [ __ ] say it's
our problem no this is your problem this
is on your shoulders the American people
already agree with you make that case
even more so even more people agree with
you and then I would say I wouldn't say
just give me daca and that would be it
they're spitting in your eye no matter
what no matter what they're saying no no
you give us everything no so okay you
want to play that game let's play that
game how about you're not gonna get a
single Democratic vote unless unless you
give us daca which is 70 to 80 percent
favorability chip children health
insurance program which is wildly
popular net neutrality 83% of the
American people are in favor of net
neutrality why are you not adding this
in the bill nope you have to do
protections for net neutrality or you
get zero Democratic votes zero
Democratic votes let me say one more
time zero Democratic votes not a single
Democrat is going to vote for you is
going to vote for this spending bill
unless you have net neutrality in there
because we're on the side of the
American people you are not on the side
of the American people you're on the
side of the Internet service providers
who are destroying our free and open
Internet and I would say Oh protection
for Social Security Medicare you're
gonna add provision in this spending
bill that there will be zero cuts to
Social Security and Medicare or you're
not gonna get a single Democratic vote
not one not one not one now you can say
we're extreme but that's a lie you're
extreme look at the poll numbers the
American people are overwhelmingly on
our side so we are representing the
people you are not representing the
people so if you give them a list and by
the way I'm being overly kind by only
having those things on my list those
four things on my list because what
happens like I said the people already
blame Republicans for the shutdown and
don't blame the Democrats for the
shutdown and then when you take these
issues and you go out there and message
on those issues you know what happens
every single person in the country who
cares about net neutrality deeply which
is a lot of [ __ ] people goes that's
it I'm voting for Democrats in the next
election they're standing on principle
and they're saying I refuse to give you
a single vote in unless you add net
neutrality into this bill people who
older people who lean right go hey wait
a second they're saying add protections
for Medicare and Social Security I
thought you guys everybody was in favor
that already why are the Republicans not
signing on to that well I guess I have
to go over Democrats in the next
election because obviously they're the
only people who really want to protect
Social Security Medicare they're making
it a big thing in the budget
negotiations you know every single
dreamer every single American citizen
who cares about the issue of immigration
is gonna go okay finally you're standing
up for something 78% of the American
people support this chip health care for
children I mean for [ __ ] sake if you
can't make a stand there that people are
gonna go what the [ __ ] are we are we
waiting on here I mean what what is
wrong with the Democrats Adam Johnson
made a great point on Twitter he said
nobody shows up to a pep rally for a tie
and that's effectively what the
Democrats come out in support of us and
we will we'll give the Republicans
almost everything they want nobody's
gonna want to vote for you nobody's
gonna care [ __ ] it we'll stay home there
nobody's fighting for us anyway so it's
just pathetic what the Democrats are
doing here give the Republicans
everything they want the Republicans
still say no one spit in your eye and
then they go out and lie about it it
really is amazing
you could you could come out of this
government shutdown having them on the
[ __ ] ropes they're already kind of
scared about what's gonna happen in the
midterm elections you could have them
[ __ ] their pants and for everybody
who says no this is bad politics how
there is a government shutdown in 2013
and you know what happened as a result
of it the Republicans still ended up
winning in a landslide in the next
election so the idea of like yeah you're
being too obstinate well the Republicans
were being too often in 2013 and what
happened they still ended up winning in
a landslide
perhaps because people on the right went
oh they're willing to fight for what
they believe in the [ __ ] polls
already bear that out that people would
rather have you fight for what you
believe in then just I don't know do
compromise bipartisanship deal
and then that and then we're good no
those things are not inherently good
those things are not inherently virtuous
bipartisanship making a deal compromise
what's in the [ __ ] compromise that's
what matters and the Republicans say
give us everything and shut the [ __ ] up
so your response is the Democrats should
be how about you give us everything and
shut the [ __ ] up how about that [ __ ]
how about that well then they go well
you don't have the numbers to do that
okay but I will after I'm done with this
argument because I'm gonna win this
[ __ ] argument because the people want
what I want
they're so weak and they're so
ineffectual and the Republicans are so
[ __ ] stupid and brash and cocky sure
of themselves
it's just Oh God our government is
[ __ ] broken it really is broken so I
don't you know there was murmurs but
right before I came on air I haven't
seen the details of it that Mitch
McConnell offered a deal you know to
Schumer I haven't seen the details of it
but from what I have seen about it on
Twitter people are saying if they accept
this deal they're the most pathetic
people on earth so you know chances are
what if I'm guessing here maybe they did
something like we'll give you some sort
of compromise on dreamers like hey we
only protect some of the dreamers
400,000 of them or some sort of
compromise where they give part of chip
and part of the dream actor and then you
know it's classic classic Republican
politics steak the furthest right
position possible and then demand that
the Democrats meet you halfway and then
when the Democrats meet you halfway
you're already on the far right so
what's the point so that would be my
guess but I'll have to see the details
and the specifics of the bill before
really rendering a judgment on it but
listen if I'm the Democrats
those are my demands and I'm not budging
a [ __ ] inch and so that means you
have to do daca you have to do chip you
have to do net neutrality and you have
to do protection for Social Security or
Medicare and then by the way you know
what happens when you negotiate from a
position of strength the people are
overwhelmingly with you you're
negotiating from a position of strength
the America people already blame the
Republicans for the shutdown you know
what happens in that situation the end
result is they give you chip and they
give you daca
which is really what the Democrats
wanted all along
but in just traditional democratic
stupidity that they started from that
negotiation point they said all we want
is chip and daca and we're gonna give
you everything else including the
[ __ ] border wall well then well now
you have to negotiate from your starting
position and you have to cave even more
which is why we're in this position
right now but if your starting position
was dr. chip net neutrality protecting
Social Security or Medicare then the
compromise position becomes protect daca
and chip so they're so bad and look it's
at the point where when you look at this
stuff
it's hard to not conclude that they
might be bad on purpose
