so here we go again with Russia gate
being pushed on everybody I have a new
article here and I'm gonna break it down
for you and what I would do is I just
want everybody to keep an open mind as
we go through all of this information
because you know I do that when I read
through all these articles on Russia
and this Russia gate stuff I never go
into reading the articles like I'm gonna
come out proving the point that I
already believed no I go into it with an
open mind and I read it and I adjust my
opinion accordingly you know I thought
and everybody knows this that early on
when Muller was doing the you know the
investigation where it was mainly
focused on treason and Trump being
Putin's puppet I thought this is a waste
of time this is ridiculous
but then you know however long into
maybe a month into his investigation or
something there was an article in
Bloomberg or Reuters I don't remember
where they said oh no now Muller has
expanded the investigation and now it's
about Trump's finances and so it's about
financial crimes and and potential
money-laundering and that's when I did a
segment and I said oh [ __ ] now this
investigation is serious and now it's
something I totally support so in other
words I'm making the point that you have
to be open-minded when you read this
stuff and just go where the evidence
takes you and then that's how I come to
my conclusions so having said that now
let's go through this article and we'll
see what's true and what's false so look
at this NBC News tweeted breaking US
official in charge of protecting
American elections from hacking tells
NBC News that Russians successfully
penetrated voter registration rolls of
several US states prior to 2016 election
Wow
now before we continue I want to ask
everybody a question what what's your
interpretation of that when you first
read it just the title and what's the
implication the heavy implication of the
title I'll tell you what my takeaway is
I read that and I go oh [ __ ] they're
trying to make the case that Russia
Act or election where they're flipping
votes like they flipped votes maybe in
the Rust Belt where it was for Hillary
and they flipped it to Trump that's how
I that when I read that that's what my
takeaway is like oh [ __ ]
see Russia hack the election and now
it's proven I'm gonna read it one more
time so everybody knows breaking US
official in charge of protecting
American elections from hacking tells
NBC News that Russians successfully
penetrated voter registration rolls of
several US states prior to 2016
presidential election so the implication
the taste in my mouth as I read that as
they're saying they literally hack the
election and did stuff with votes that's
how I read that now understand the
overwhelming majority of people only
read the headline and in this case the
tweet only read the tweet and they go ah
see
so Russia gate I can't believe some
people are saying rush gate isn't real
look proven it's proven i-i've seen
headlines like that from people I
respect but proven proven is proven
Russia hacked our election and the
voters and the voting okay so let's go
directly to the article and see what
they actually say in the article quote
the US official in charge of protecting
American elections from hacking says the
Russians successfully penetrated the
voter registration rolls of several US
states prior to the 2016 presidential
election in an exclusive interview with
NBC News
Genet mantra the head of cybersecurity
of the Department of Homeland Security
said she couldn't talk about classified
information publicly but in 2016 quote
we saw a targeting of 21 states and an
exceptionally small number of them were
actually successfully penetrated jeh
Johnson who was DHS secretary during the
Russian intrusion said quote 2016 was a
wake-up call and now it's incumbent upon
States and the feds to do something
about it before our democracy is a
again we were able to determine that the
scanning and probing of voter
registration databases was coming from
the Russian government NBC News reported
in September 2016
that more than 20 states had been
targeted by the Russians there is no
evidence that any of the registration
rolls were altered in any fashion
according to US officials let me repeat
that there is no evidence that any of
the registration rolls were altered in
any fashion according to US officials so
the giant implication of the headline
and the giant implication of the first
few paragraphs just gets washed away
halfway through the article so oh my god
this thing happened watch out and then
you read read reading they go by the way
there's no evidence that any
registration rolls were altered in any
way so what the [ __ ] with the headline
and what the [ __ ] with the hair on fire
in the first few portions of the article
there's no evidence but of adheres to
all the things that we think maybe kind
of sort of didn't really it all happened
[Music]
listen guys
this reminds me quite a bit of the lead
up to the Iraq war
now you could again you could say that's
hyperbolic but you're just wrong because
that's if you go back and read oh my god
Saddam Hussein 9/11 Saddam Hussein 9/11
Saddam Hussein 9/11 Saddam Hussein work
with Al Qaeda's and I'm losing on a
yellow cake yellow cake at BU and yellow
cake buried in paragraph like 12 anyway
there's no direct evidence that shows
that any of this actually happened so
then why the [ __ ] are you what are you
doing what are you doing you need to
understand this is the deep state
leaking [ __ ]
to the press and using them as puppets
like we're being propagandized right now
there's an attempt to ramp up with
Russia and that's why you see all these
headlines and that's why you get all
these misleading articles and these head
fakes and [ __ ] okay so they go on in the
article to say this quote NBC News
reached out to the 21 states that were
targeted five states including Texas and
California said they were never attacked
so this is just again this is just like
the remember when they said 17 agencies
have concluded that brush out a
collection was total [ __ ] later on
it came out they included like the
[ __ ] Coast Guard in there what that's
the old Dick Cheney trick I had this
memo from the from the Department of
Justice and they say torture is okay
well what did Dick Cheney do he just
went and spoke to a low-level person at
the Department of Justice said just sign
this thing here and the governor right
here and then the Department of Justice
says you know he would do this with the
media he would leak Dick Cheney would
leak to the New York Times Saddam
Hussein weapons of mass destruction
that's what he has and then they'd run a
big front page think Saddam Hussein
weapons of mass destruction and then
Dick Cheney would go on Meet the Press
and go even the New York Times says said
I'm saying weapons of mass destruction
now we're doing the same thing 21 states
voter rolls hacked by the Russians and
then you read on they go Oh quote there
is no evidence of any of the
registration rolls being altered in any
fashion and then you read on when the
media contacted five of the states they
included on the list they were like what
are you talking about
I mean have any issue whatsoever know
what you're talking about they continued
following initial publication of this
article the National Association of
secretaries of state which represents
top electoral officials around the
country said it was quote still only
aware of one state voter registration
system that was penetrated are you
[ __ ] kidding me so we went from I'm
gonna read you the headline one more
time breaking US official in charge of
protecting American elections from
hacking tells NBC News that Russians
successfully penetrated voter
registration rolls of several US states
prior to 2016 presidential election
oh [ __ ] hair on fire everybody flip out
buried in the article quote there is no
evidence that any of the registration
rules were altered in any fashion and
then you read on the 21 states becomes
one state now this is where people who
are still heavily propagandized might
say yeah but Kyle you know hey man even
if it was one state well I mean what
you're pooh-poohing the fact that the
Russians got into the voter registration
rolls of one state how I don't
understand why you would downplay that
that's terrible that obviously needs to
be stopped
well I agree with you you know how you
stop that increase your defense that's
what most what you do and by the way
that the federal government didn't do
that so okay increase your cyber defense
problem solved
that's right this so this is a non-story
but it's actually worse than that
because we don't even what does that
even really mean oh the Russians and the
voter registration rolls are the
Russians Russian okay well you do know
we have congressional testimony over
this right so we have a department of
homeland security official who testified
in front of Congress and was asked all
these questions let's see how he would
describe what happened here and if it's
a big deal or not when when you
characterize these things as attacks I
think that that is perhaps overstating
what may have happened in the in the 21
States as was mentioned over the course
of the summer the majority of the
activity was simple scanning scan
happens all the time it's happening
right now to a number of probably your
websites as scanning is a regular
activity across the web I would not
characterize that as a as an attack it's
a preparatory step in terms of those
scripts there are two scripts one script
was provided to states that wanted
additional information if they were
included in that batch of 21 there you
go there you go I mean the it's amazing
how so this story which I just broke
down for you in full generates a
thousand headlines everybody flipping
out
if you've proven rush us one our
election that's how that's covered and
they go interference they interfered in
a political process that's not with
their own country hmm unreal
meanwhile we literally just covered a
story last week or two weeks ago Joe
Biden was at the Council on Foreign
Relations and he was given a speech he
was just casually talking and he said we
rigged the political system in Ukraine
he openly spoke about it I held a
billion dollars over their head and said
oh you want this money will you have to
fire this day prosecutor okay that is a
much much clearer example of meddling in
a foreign political system than any of
the accusations that have been leveled
against the Russians in regards to our
election and that got no coverage at all
not a single outlet covered that I that
had to be that was released by WikiLeaks
and nobody covered it nobody covered you
would think that if they it's a real
principled concern of people in the
media in the United States we don't want
anybody meddling in our political
process we don't want anybody meddling
in anybody's political process well for
[ __ ] sake Joe Biden was just bragging
about meddling and rigging a system in
Ukraine you didn't find that interesting
when you spent the last few months
talking about you're not allowed to
meddle in political process he's oh and
then not only that
you got Rex Tillerson casually floating
here maybe we're gonna go do a military
coup of Venezuela what now you don't
have to like the government of Venezuela
but they're not an imminent threat of
attack against us what Venezuela is
planning an attack against Nebraska is
that what's happening and we need to
defend our nation by toppling the
government no he's just like him maybe
whoa maybe we'll do a coup there and
topple the government you want to talk
about meddling in a political process
how about overthrowing other [ __ ]
governments that have nothing to do with
us so it's just [ __ ] spare me with
the [ __ ] this is all it's become so
comical and so over-the-top and it's
almost like the less that's there the
more hyperbolic the headline is so I
just need everybody to understand what's
going on man and listen again because a
lot of people take what I say on this
issue and then they strawman me so let
me be crystal clear for the thousandth
time I support Robert Muller and his
investigation I like the fact that he
knocked off Manta fort and Flynn on
financial crimes and I think if he can
get anybody in that in the
administration including Trump on
financial crimes wonderful that's great
because he's certainly a corrupt ass
businessman and I'm not by any stretch
of the imagination giving him a pass for
his corruption of course not I give no
politicians a pass for their corruption
so by all means do your thing
Robert Muller but just reel it in with
the hysteria and the overreaching on
this Russia gate stuff because it's
[ __ ] tiresome and it's also dangerous
because like I've explained in detail
the Democrats are now resisting from the
right half the time the Democrats resist
without resisting at all they'll toe
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia and
then they give you no policies that
they're in favor of in any realm okay
and then the other half the time it's
resisting Trump from the right where oh
my goodness you know Don you should
really be in Syria permanently well he
did do that now now he's in Syria
permanently I hope you're happy
Democrats and no Democrats are resisting
and saying you shouldn't [ __ ] be in
Syria they want him to be in Syria
because Syria is Putin's Ally so hey
you're standing up to Putin buy-in
definitely militarily occupying Syria
that's the position of the Democrats now
the Democrats want to arm rebels in
Ukraine now the Democrats are for a NATO
buildup on Russia's border so they want
Trump to be more and more hawkish to
prove that he's not Putin's puppet and
then Trump acts more and more hawkish
and nobody's resisting and saying hey
maybe stop escalating with another
[ __ ] nuclear power so that's what we
need to do we need to resist from the
left I want our troops off of NATO's
ball off of I want NATO troops off of
Russia's border I want to stop
permanently militarily occupying Syria I
don't want to arm rebels in Ukraine I
want to do peace talks with Russia I
guess I'm a Putin puppet so this is my
concern on this issue is that all you
have is hawkish cries from the Democrats
it's really sad again just a few days
ago maybe a week ago now Russia and us
had planes that almost collided over the
Black Sea if those planes go down what
happens what happens that's dangerous
isn't it so why the [ __ ] are our planes
by Russia's border in the Black Sea get
him out of there man not a single
Democrat would say that and and if Trump
did that it would immediately be spun as
see Putin's puppet you don't want a
permanently militarily occupy Syria
Putin's puppet you don't want to fly our
planes right by Russia's border Putin's
puppet so now we're in a position where
even if Trump does the right policies to
de-escalate that will be used as
evidence of him being Putin's puppet
[Music]
it's a dangerous time because when we
used to have the Cold War at least there
were voices that were fighting against
it in the political landscape in America
now we have this new cold war and the in
vogue thing to do is to resist by
calling for a faster escalation of the
Cold War
so no prominent voice in the national
political scene is going no stop go in
the other direction deescalate
very dangerous place to be in
