all they just opened up the NCAA joint
with UCLA cheerleaders and nothing
better than that
welcome to the show everybody
Kylie horn all up in yes I'm now here
with the famous Kyle kolinsky oh yeah
because the Joe Rogan thing we're saying
that it'll roll game TYT yeah there's
fun Matt even wanted to take a picture
with celebrities cuz you're a celebrity
you uh we we already told everybody the
story about the guy from the office but
I was pretty cool when we just used him
standing in front of the hotel we were
like oh [ __ ] is this [ __ ] yeah I noticed
him immediately that I had seen him
elsewhere but I didn't I didn't I didn't
know his name it didn't click exactly
where I knew him from I would say he's
like a C plus B minus star I mean like
um I would say probably Rogen's bigger
than him but that's cuz Rogan is like
the number one podcast on the Internet I
think I think if they're both walking
down that he gets recognized more the
other guy I think the other guy gets
recognized more than Rogan just Casey
right maybe you're right maybe I'm
biased cuz I would recognize Rogan over
the other guy yeah but you're right I
mean he was in the office in the office
was like one of the top shows right
mm-hmm and I mean I think they have that
internationally been like
don't underestimate like a Hot Tub Time
Machine I saw that like a huge movie and
he had a big role well John Cusack
retweets me every now and then oh yeah a
Q sexy big into politics oh so I wonder
if he so he definitely had to see that
we met Craig Robinson and that whole
like [ __ ] we don't know he doesn't
follow me on Twitter but he retweets my
[ __ ] every now and then so I think he
sees somebody who follows me he follows
and that person retweets me all the time
and then they retweet the retweet
wouldn't you automatically think he
would give you a follow them all right
but he doesn't and I was like all right
he retweets me like once a month and
it's and he doesn't follow me it's like
all right John fine no no offense taken
I don't follow him either
that's so weird that's like
um Cam Newton did it so good one time he
was doing a press conference and one of
the reporters was like cam we saw on
your Instagram that like you know you
might have hurt your foot or something
or did this this past week and he was
like he was like oh you saw that he said
but do you follow me
and he I was like now I my assistant
showed it to me and he was like oh so
you don't follow me but you saw my post
and then the guy was like well my
assistant he was like so here ghost
follower and then like the guy was like
and cam was just like I guess he was
playing around but sort of being real
cuz that [ __ ] happens a lot like people
hate and they don't want to give a
follow or some [ __ ] you know that's all
right I don't really give a [ __ ]
actually I would I shouldn't even be
saying that because it's before I had a
hundred thousand followers I was a
little bit like alright get me over that
hundred number you [ __ ] I'm saying
so if you don't I had ninety nine
thousand four hundred and some-odd
followers I would have been like [ __ ]
you John Cusack you retweeted every
eight seconds and you're not good
following me do have isn't it so weird I
mean like you have so many followers
that like there's a random Alexandre in
there somewhere that like she likes you
[ __ ] yeah of course there's probably so
many people yeah but but I mean the
crazy real crazy thought is think about
you know my level of being known versus
somebody who's really really known like
they hit me versus like I have what 115
thousand Twitter followers or something
like that yeah and like think about like
Justin Bieber he has like over 30
million or some crazy [ __ ] you know but
it's so it's it's like that's really
famous that's yeah that's what I'm
looking at that dynamic there's a
hundred and fifteen thousand people that
know you and you might know like oh no
I'm Way off 27 of them he has 106
million followers
goddamn like that's just that's just
you're gonna lose your [ __ ] mind at
that point you know how do not lose your
mind at that point well lose your mind
in what sense what do you mean cuz you
gotta you have to feel grounded as a
human being but if everywhere you go
people look at you like you're a Martian
because that's what he gets everywhere
he
people look at him like he's a Martian
yeah or zoo animals the [ __ ] exactly
kazoo animal exactly like oh [ __ ] but
like there's something about somebody
looks at you just like yeah you're Dave
yeah that that makes somebody go like
okay that's like that's what everybody's
used to that's what everybody's used to
feeling that feeling of anonymity like
you can't ever he can't I mean he slips
up all the time because he's an idiot
but actually that Feridun he's young as
[ __ ] and he doesn't what the [ __ ] he's
doing but you know no he knows what he's
doing [ __ ] him you think so I think he's
yeah he's not not like young and naive
man he's got like he's been to too many
business meetings
he's interacted with too many people in
different countries and like even
through that if that [ __ ] is filtered
like you still got to get it
understanding for people and like know
how [ __ ] works we're like I thought the
people don't even get to talk to it like
people from other countries and [ __ ]
when you're famous from that young of an
age though because when he was a kid he
became famous mm-hmm that's got to [ __ ]
you up I mean look at the track record
look at all the people that that
happened to where they lost their minds
completely like who's the person who had
life has like a cult now who was that a
cult yeah Corey Feldman is that his name
oh I think that's his name Corey Feldman
from like the he got like molested by
Michael Jackson right supposedly I think
in on that um Michael Jeff I think he
was a Michael Jackson fan favorite Corey
Feldman's the guy I'm thinking of yeah
like there's a bunch of child actors who
lost their mind sometimes they get their
mind back like it you know what happened
with Miley Cyrus Culkin Oh Miley Cyrus
yeah Macaulay Culkin what's-her-face the
girl from Nickelodeon Amanda Bynes lost
my mind unless you got it back but like
some people lose it and get it backs and
then some people just lose it it
something happens when you're if you're
in the public eye before you're
developed at all as a human being then
like at a certain point it's almost like
they have a they have a crisis of
identity where they're like I didn't I
didn't really sign up for this when I
was a kid for my wall you know who the
[ __ ] I was so now I want to redefine
myself look at Shia libéré
yeah he got [ __ ] blinking he at a
certain point we was like no you're not
gonna look at me as even Stephens
anymore I'm gonna be the [ __ ] like
I'd be a badass I'm gonna be there it's
like and you screech screech you could
always tell when they're
overcompensating too like when Miley
Cyrus was trying to be a bad girl he's
like shaking her ass up on [ __ ] Robin
Thicke and stuff it's like playing so
hard like reel it in a little bit she
could reel it if she reeled it in like
90% back then that that would have been
like okay she's acting a little edgy but
she went so far past edginess that she
came all the way back around or just
being corny as [ __ ] you know what I mean
yeah yeah she went so far over the line
that it was like no now you're not even
over the line you're just stupid
yeah the [ __ ] she was doing was weird
and I think I mean I think though we all
go a little crazy it's just their [ __ ]
is magnified that's a lot yeah that's
good that's good that's a more kind
analysis of them that's probably true
man it's not like people like we're
human beings and all of us go through
phases and go through stages and it's
just my friends in high school that did
shrooms or something like that but if
they were a Hollywood star yeah then you
see them with their long hair some shade
to be like Oh going crazy yeah I don't
know but they it's the parents that
[ __ ] really [ __ ] the kids up and like
the parents are the sicker ones that no
attention really goes towards that like
Lindsay Lohan's parents are the sick
ones that really got her into that [ __ ]
young and [ __ ] up her mind and all
that stuff and then turned [ __ ] her up
but no one talks about her parents cuz
that doesn't sell [ __ ] newspapers or
whatever yeah it's a good point I mean
it the evidence looks pretty clear on it
that if you have fucked-up parents
you're gonna have massive issues but you
know I always struggle with I don't know
how much of it is the parents and how
much of it is them individually yeah you
know what I mean because I had a [ __ ]
technically a broken home because my
parents divorced and I don't feel like
it [ __ ] me up but then again who knows
maybe if i sat with some expert they'd
be like you're [ __ ] up yeah writing
about it or some [ __ ] like that and
telling you different you know sides of
stories and all that yeah it's crazy how
much influence
Aran's have over kids like and that's
just how the cycle works it's like I'm a
Knicks fan so my daughter is gonna be a
Knicks fan you know it's not it's not
until I get old that's true and you're
totally helpless until you're a certain
age yeah until you're like until you're
like 16 minimum you're helpless like
you're just cuz what age can you legally
start working I think it's like 16 or 17
or something like that yeah 15 16
something like that something in there
so like until you till you could work on
your own like and until your brain has
matured to a certain point until you
physically mature to a certain point
you're just like a [ __ ] you know like
a baby deer when it's on the shaky legs
and [ __ ] like that's what you're like as
a human being it takes humans so long
before they develop but then once humans
develop then they're you know by far and
away the most expansive and intelligent
beings versus other animals like there's
some animals you know I think elephants
like they [ __ ] the Alpha now and it's
just walking already like so they did
that on on Impractical Jokers it was a
cow and like a full-sized [ __ ] baby
cow came out and then they just start
walking they start walking just like
what the [ __ ] we look at a baby baby
doesn't walk until how old you know one
two something like that
did you see the ABC video I think was
ABC News of like a gorilla or something
like that like someone threw a cigarette
in the in the arm and it's it was in a
zoo
someone threw it like a cigarette and
the big-ass gorilla or whatever it was
like picked it up and just started
smoking it no and like brought it down
well you like brought it back up what's
so crazy is that they are superhuman
like there's some animals that you look
at them and you're like they're so
similar to us that it's mind-blowing
like sometimes you see a facial
expression on a dog and you're like yo
you're basically human sometimes you
look at you know chimpanzees or gorillas
like you were mentioning like and
genetically or in their DNA it's like
really really really really really close
to us like 99 points something you know
close to us so maybe we aren't that
special I was just talking about how
we're the most intelligent but there are
other
pretty intelligent you know beings out
there Helia I heard it on some podcast
it was like if you put just four people
ago was it maybe might have been Rogen
like for people's ago is when like we
were riding in wagons and just not that
smart
Oh like you know there there's like a
grandkid of one of the first 10
presidents or some [ __ ] that's still
alive today he's in that crazy I think
that's the fact was Zachary Taylor was
the president let me let me look this up
as we talk here know any of the
presidents are listen I know I know a
decent amount about the presidents and
once I get past a certain era and once
you put me too far back
I don't know I'm either no it's not it's
not easy because there's you know
there's a lot of them and you know US
history is we you know 1776 was pretty
much when it all started and then it's
yeah it's nuts to think that they all
like we're trying to accomplish some
[ __ ] and then eventually like they just
died and whatever they were I've had
when I die there's gonna be a day where
I die and then all the like presidents
that come afterwards I'm not gonna know
anything about cuz I'm gonna be dead and
that made me sad it's like I see I can
see from you know what we know in
history books how far we've come so far
but then there's gonna be a day when I
die and I'm not gonna see how it ends
you know what I mean yeah and that's
just like [ __ ] like I want to be able to
check in and be like alright so who the
[ __ ] is your check-in on some [ __ ] that
you did and just be like okay that's
that's that's what happened and then you
go back to sleep forever like if the
forefathers came back with the they
would say like what thing with the
Second Amendment they just like oh no no
that's not what we meant at all you sure
what they shoot how many bullets per
minute they have a bear who ripped off
another Bears arms or some [ __ ]
just like that cement my beer oh yeah I
tweet tweeted like a picture of that one
time you have the right to bear arms
that shows literal bear arms so here's
the fact by the way a tenth president Oh
John
Tyler's grandsons are still alive so the
Tyler was the president yes the tenth
president he was and his grandson his
grandsons are still alive that was as of
2017
yeah that that's crazy that's a crazy
[ __ ] fact Matt I think I've said this
before but I had an ex-girlfriend who
knew she was pretty dumb pretty pretty
pretty dumb but she knew every president
buy a song yep well that's the thing if
you tie it to a song of course cuz
there's some songs you'll never forget
certain songs like they're in your head
forever yeah you know so if you tie in
whatever information you're trying to
put in the song then because of the fact
you know the song you're gonna learn the
thing you know what I mean it's almost
like that like if you put a pill in
applesauce and you have the applesauce
you don't even realize you just had a
pill you know what I mean
so you get the medicine you even know
you had the medicine that's what it's
learning through music cuz museum can
remember I wonder what that is with
music just like rhythm or something
we're more like easy to I don't remember
it's like I think my friend told me
something about music one time that blew
my [ __ ] mind I don't remember exactly
what he said but has something to do
with like math that there's some sort of
a some sort of a link between music and
math well that would make sense because
I think music goes in certain like
eighths and sixteenths and like certain
whatever parts of the song that you hit
and I know they say with like we can
remember I don't know what type of like
what pattern of numbers but we can
remember a certain saddest of numbers
like that's why we could remember a
phone number or something like that
because it's in a sequence of numbers
that we know like three and then four I
know what what the thing was but like
you could remember certain pockets of
numbers if it's in like like a type of
system yeah I don't know I know I know
what you're talking about I've heard
that before too so the music and math
thing I don't know if it's been proven
but
they say that there's like it's almost
like you have a brain map and it's
almost like you're wired to under to
understand and appreciate certain sounds
in certain order so when a song
resonates with you it's because it's
it's kind of triggering that brain map
and and so if you hear something notes
that are out of tune or whatever you
limb you know you immediately know it's
out of tune but like okay why is it out
of tune why does that thing sound really
weird and bad to us but this other thing
sounds good to us and it's pretty much
you know uniform across the board people
know when something flows and when
something is shitty yeah you could tell
when something's offbeat like yeah if
they miss a note so it's like well how
the [ __ ] is that the case because one
would think or you know it's a I would
have guessed it would be a reasonable
assumption to say no we create music and
just it's totally subjective but it's
like no it's not totally subjective
there is an element of it that's
subjective if somebody prefers you know
whatever classical music to pop music or
somebody prefers rap to jazz or whatever
the case is so some of its subjective
but only within a certain narrow like
scope because there if you put together
just a bunch of notes that don't go
together
if I try to play the piano right now and
I don't know how to play the piano
you'll be like that [ __ ] was terrible so
it's like uniform everybody agrees so
why is it that everybody agrees and it
has something to do with math and that's
something that's at least what how was
described to me I don't know if it's
true but it's an intriguing idea this
idea that like music has to I mean music
is something that's very innate in a way
because you could play music for kids
and they start dancing my little my
little nephew one years old one year old
you play music for him he starts dancing
yeah it's like well he didn't he's one
year old he's just been [ __ ] himself
in eating this entire time like what the
it so it's an eighth like there's
something wired in us where that's like
you just react that way here's like the
rhythm and then you start moving with
the rhythm and stuff you see that I saw
there's so many of those videos of like
kids dancing to like the most popular I
think like turned down for
was one of them and then you see kids
rocking back and forth smile you're
right like they just hear sounds like
yeah and gotta be something that makes
people happy through good music yeah
there's something about that that's an
eight in the same way that you know sex
everybody knows sex feels good yeah you
know like there's certain things you
know you have to eat to survive so the
member is tied to that too because I
know they say scent is the strongest
what is the scent is the strongest sense
tied to memory I don't know if that's
true though I feel like I heard that in
a commercial yeah yeah it definitely
wasn't a commercial but I feel like it
could be true sure but you you I mean I
feel like I remember certain things from
smell like of course you smell something
and you're like it can take you back to
a damn now I remember 1999 I was going
to see a hockey game in New York City
with my dad and I smelled that soubrette
hotdog on the [ __ ] it up yeah of course
so maybe that with memory and music and
well this what we were talking about
when I was doing the Rogan podcast I
made a point about because he mentioned
you know ghosts and the fact that at the
Comedy Store somewhere it's like there's
