what it do people yo I got my phone next
to the computer I should probably move
it to ya Afghanistan you heard the
little like from it or no no I just
heard a doodoo oh I heard this is from
it but I just moved my phone and it
stopped oh really
so yeah this time usually I have some
topics for the podcast that I keep in
the notes on my phone
mmm but I printed it out on a sheet of
paper just so that I could keep the
phone far enough away or won't [ __ ] our
[ __ ] up
that's what Molly did so she started
like her own like she's doing like a she
makes a couple YouTube videos or
whatever for pregnancy [ __ ] oh nice yeah
and she had me come on one of them and
she had like printed out questions and I
was like you printed out questions just
so everybody knows Koren has done zero
prep for any of the podcast IO but for
me the only prep I do for the podcast is
if I think of something during the week
I'll just put it in my notes that's what
I've been doing through though like
recently but I also have a bad memory so
like if it happens to me on like
Wednesday or Tuesday after the show I'm
like oh maybe I'll talk about that [ __ ]
next week and I'm like I don't remember
what the [ __ ] one that happens to me
too man you have to like the second you
think of it like there were times where
I was falling asleep and a something
came to me for the podcast and I
literally like rolled over grabbed my
phone put it in my notes because if you
don't put it in right away
you're gonna you're gonna [ __ ] it up you
know what I do that for when I would
have like a job interview or something
like that and I like something I feel
like I would want to talk about any
interview I would always write it down
just because I'm like and I think of the
[ __ ] when I'm in the shower I always
want me in the shower I have the best
ideas yeah that happens to me too
sometimes in the shower I'll think of
something what do you think that is like
just you're feeling good warm what
ladies you're not like you're letting
the ideas come to you you're not like
chasing them down yeah yeah I feel like
I've heard a lot of people say that a
lot of comedians too I think
say like that they think of their ideas
in the shower yeah I believe that
so before we got this we fired up the
podcast you mentioned the the David
Letterman Obama interview yeah I enjoyed
it a lot yeah I always have a lot of
different feelings when I see
when I see like Obama and stuff with the
first thought is obviously well it's
better it would be better if he was in
power compared to trump that's a given
so like I think like damn it wasn't that
long ago that we had somebody who was
not as shitty in all this human being
yeah but then the other side of me is
always like like Letterman really was
sucking him off yeah he was going and
was the only president I've like
respected or something he said something
like that right at the end yeah his his
final thing like that's sort of like
just outside of like I mean I mean you
know obviously the policy politics [ __ ]
a lot better than I do and just like
obviously Obama has done bad [ __ ] and
sent people off to war and killed
whatever you know drone strikes and all
that stuff but like just on some like
like human being like looking at Dave
Letterman when he he said like two
things back-to-back that like why wasn't
I in Selma when that March happened and
he was like Letterman said like because
Obama said you know aren't you lucky to
be in your position or something like
that and he was like it you know I am
because you know when when who's the guy
that walked across the bridge that they
were talking about John Lewis they were
talking to you John Lewis he was like so
when John was walking across the bridge
I was driving down to Florida with my
friends to get drunk in Bahamas Wow and
he said so I am lucky and then I don't
know where that point was going but like
it just it just was like a genuine
moment they were David Letterman was
like I really respect you just as a
human being and like politics aside
which is hard from two people to do
because it obviously Obama was president
he just seems like a genuinely good like
dad like human being doesn't seem like
he's cheating on his wife right thing
really loves his daughters so for me I
was like wow Letterman really respects
him on that level yeah you know it's
when you look at the intangible [ __ ]
that doesn't like matter much ultimately
like the how he is as a human being and
how he talks and how he you know there's
the rat he's peaceful yeah like all that
[ __ ] nobody can deny that he's like he's
an adult like he's a mature person
whoo you know you'd go oh I it's better
than that guys in charge than a guy like
Trump by like a million miles but that
was a little annoyed at the like
knocking him off because you I mean
you're not gonna get it from David
Letterman because he was a he was a
talk-show host he was a you know
nighttime talk shows it's like he's not
gonna do the grilling him on like how
about all those drone strikes he killed
innocent people do you ever think of
that or like you know the stuff that
would be real hard questions that I
would actually be curious to ask Obama
because I don't want a lot of you
I don't think Obama is a bad person but
I think he was like disconnected enough
from a lot of the damage of many of the
decisions he made particularly on
foreign policy that he didn't like he
didn't connect the dots like he didn't
really think like I'm responsible for
this you know what I mean so those are
questions I'd like to see asked but you
know they they're not gonna do that in
that kind of an interview but overall I
like I like I like interviews like that
in general like I like hearing what
these kinds of people have to say and it
was interesting seeing Dave Letterman
after such a long time when he was
because he was one of my I liked him
more than a lot of the late night hosts
yeah I think he had more of that like I
don't give a [ __ ] attitude I'll just I'm
gonna ask it you know like yeah and he
clashed often times with a lot of like
Bill O'Reilly he had on in clash with
him and ball he out on a classroom and
actually with Trump he did something
that's like legendary they don't people
should go watch this whenever they get
the time it's David Letterman had Trump
on and he got him to talk about it cuz
you know how Trump was used to the China
China's terrible China China yeah and so
he got him to like go off on that kind
of a riff and then he was like oh by the
way I have your ties here these are
really nice it was a nice tie he's
holdin up he's like I like the color and
everything and he's like hey do me a
favor hold this flip it over what does
it say on the back and Trump was like
made in China and I was like that's I
like that because it just it's just he
cornered him in such a masterful way
like the way he walked Trump down that
path the Trump was just going right down
that path like yeah China to do it
they're killing us with the trade deals
China China said it's right it's right
for like any celebrity
or someone in power when they're on live
TV or on one of those like talk shows to
get cornered like that you know because
usually their publicist or whatever
that's like don't ask him about this or
they don't want to talk about this or
they're savvy enough to see the trap
being laid from a mile away
when Trump couldn't because Trump's
Trump so he's just like you know like a
rabid animal that's in a cage and he's
like isn't China like - doing some bad
stuff so yeah China said and just went
right down that path which was hilarious
we should probably do the poll questions
right up front because yeah he said
there's a good one oh well we had one
from last week - right em I remember
that cube versus uh chop dice
oh that's right cubes were okay so let's
let's put that one out there right away
because we already know that we're doing
that one and then I got a few more that
I want to and I was thinking of a way of
that I could like you know already have
them lined up in the old Twitter machine
before I got out here's an awful like
type it as we talked but yeah I don't
know how to do that so yeah drafts or
something but I don't know if it was
what could do for a poll or I haven't
even tried I'm not gonna lie to anybody
I had earlier today I had this delicious
veggie wrap it was so [ __ ] good do
you like I don't know you don't like
fried eggplant now it looks too much
like chicken parm and it gets me mad
that's not chicken parm oh I like I had
fried eggplant with peppers olives and
then like some cheese or something was
in there it was [ __ ] delicious
he it sounds banging but I my mom used
to get like when we would order Italian
food for dinner and they would deliver
that [ __ ] she would get like a eggplant
parmesan and I would always be hungry
like the next day cuz she would only eat
like half and I would see it in the
fridge and I'll be like yes there's half
of a chicken parm in there and she baked
it sagg plant and you'd be like that's
pretty funny
okay so this one is going out right now
skis cubed ice versus crushed ice yeah
that's a that's a good pole it's a great
pole simple and I think I know what the
results are gonna be you think it's
gonna be crushed cuz I know I used to be
crushed but now I think I'm cubed
no [ __ ] that is gonna [ __ ] it's gonna
cry cubed is gonna crush all you think
cubed is gonna win 100% 100% what's your
reasoning cuz [ __ ] well I don't know
anybody my dad I think was the only
person in the world who loved crushed I
think I mean they wouldn't give you
crushed on the refrigerator as an option
if people didn't like it that's a decent
point hold on once I actually I'm gonna
do this right on the screen here cuz my
phone is acting up
I like how um that's true that is true
cuz I remember one time this is I'm
gonna sound so stupid everybody
listening here but whatever let's roll
with it I there was like this Camaro
that Chevy made for a while that was
like this dislike neon green Camaro and
I was like that color is [ __ ] hot I
love that color and I was like damn if
other like if other companies made cars
in that color I bet that [ __ ] would sell
like crazy and somebody was like hey
idiot if they would if they DIF that was
the case they would have already been
making him it was like no and they were
like yes they would have made it if that
[ __ ] sold a lot and then I had to rely I
realized like oh that's right they're
only gonna make it if it like sells so
that is to your point like the crushed
ice it's in like every single
refrigerator has that option if it's got
the ice thing in there mm-hmm all the
funky colors for cars are usually on a
Camaro that's a good point
the Camaros do tend to have a lot of
funky colors right out of like all the
coming Mustangs sometimes you see like
it may be like a purple or something
like that but I feel like Camaros are
the only ones where you see like a
bright yellow bright green like a like a
an aqua blue or they had to stripe a lot
of almost the stripes are gone on almost
every other kind of car but they for
like Camaros they threw them in there
yeah I feel like Camaros a big on that
Chargers not so much sometimes you could
see a funky color charger what's the
line between like super douchey and cool
when it comes to sports car because
there is a line you know what I mean
like you know yeah for sure there's a
line like if you get the
if you get a Camaro when you get it in
like like a dark gray like that might be
hot but if you get that bright green
people might be like you're a douche and
a [ __ ] yeah loser yeah I think there
are certain colors that are okay like I
think on the was the first car we
mentioned the Camaro Meryl yeah the
Camaro
I think bright yellow is fine because
that's almost on some like transformer
[ __ ] so it sort of gives you the okay
yeah sports cars yeah like a lot of
sports cars come in yellow so that's a
kind of a regular almost like a rescue
like that's such a bold color I would
never get a yellow everyone old I've
seen some yellow shirts I like though
even though yellow is a bold color but
I've seen some yellow shirts or I was
like I like that it looks kind of good I
would almost argue that wearing yellow
is tougher to wear than pink I mean I
love rocking pink I think pink is like a
really nice color yeah that's true
I don't know I just I'm not a fan of
yellow anything I think yellow would be
my least favorite color I just voted
right now damn that's [ __ ] up I don't
do I even have a least favorite color I
think I like I'm all like I like wearing
shirts of all different oh that's not
true you know what color I don't like
navy blue I'm a fan of navy blue
I'll tell you right now it's having an
identity crisis it's always had an
identity crisis it doesn't know if it's
like if it's like black or like dark
grey yeah it's blue like it's like
flirting with both it's like I want to
be black but no I don't I also kind of
want to be blue and it's like sometimes
you gotta look at it for a while to
figure out exactly what it is like what
shirts are the [ __ ] worst even when
you go to the store when you have to
look to close on a shirt if you don't
know if it's blue or black and then you
even ask the employees like hey what
color is this and they're like hold on
sometimes you can look at the tag and
he'll tell you that I'm like why why
isn't it just blue or black that's the
exact point that's the exact reason why
I've always kind of not like navy blue
and I know [ __ ] I think most people
like navy blue though so it's almost
like [ __ ] up because I depends cuz I
think there's different shades of navy
blue if it's navy blue enough where you
could tell it's navy blue
okay with it if it's like a navy blue
that's comfortable in its navy blueness
and it's obviously navy blue I'm fine
with that it's okay it's still not up
there in me for cut with me for colors
but yeah it's okay but when it's the one
that's really borderline then I don't
then I don't like it okay so wait we got
it we got to keep doing that just like a
1970s that was like a 19th like 80s song
right Donna yeah okay so first polls out
and by the way I think cubed is gonna
win with 70%
I think 70/30 I think we might have an
upset on our hands tonight white yeah
and crushed might you feel like I'm just
gonna pull a trump I think so I think
people I think people will go with
crushed okay the next one and this is a
good one because we got to figure out
exactly what we're gonna put in the poll
but I'll tell you what I first put down
and then we could we get so I wanted to
do milky wavers KitKat versus Reese's
vers Twix that's what I wanted to do now
I'm anticipating that you're about to
hit me with nah son you gotta throw
Snickers in there or you're gonna hit me
with nah you got to put I don't know
some other Three Musketeers or some [ __ ]
and I have [ __ ] Three Musketeers
Snickers has to be in there okay so step
but see here's my reasoning why I left
Snickers out because we only have we can
only put four in there and what are we
doing is it best chocolate bar yeah best
best chocolate bar I guess she's like
her she's got to be in that [ __ ] see
that's the thing I was afraid of because
so the reason why I'd said milky wavers
kick a vers Reese's vers Twix is in my
mind those are like the four that are in
the running in my mind for like the best
but I know good take Milky Way hell
Milky Way's a [ __ ] Milky Way see but
I think that the majority are gonna be
with you on that and they're gonna say
you have to get rid of Milky Way and put
Snickers in there
yeah yeah Milky Way is like if you were
to compare Mario and Luigi right marry
Oh Luigi yeah even though I when I play
[ __ ] Mario Kart I would pick Luigi
over Mario it's irrelevant because Mario
is Mario yeah exactly yes all right I'm
swayed on that we'll get rid of Milky
Way we'll put in Snickers I don't I
think I'm gonna stand firm on KitKat
Reese's and Twix Kit Kat Reese's and tic
twigs kick hit I'm okay with Reese's
yeah I gotta be in there Twix is that
alternative that's sort of swaying it
from me a little bit so you all know
banging you thinking you want to acts
that for Hershey's what about M&Ms that
sort of has to fall in the category so
let's [ __ ] but [ __ ] okay so let's keep
it with best chocolate bar bar but then
Reese's art isn't really a bar yeah
that's true too but it's still it still
has to be on the list cause it's Reese's
[Music]
I'm a big fan of heath bar there's no
way that shit's getting on the list or
hundred grand but there's no way that's
a hundred grand is bangin it's got the
little like nugget things in there mr.
Florez yeah that is a hundred grand
nobody yet nobody eats it nobody has it
nobody now people are like hunter
grinding or just art my I never had one
of those meanwhile like that [ __ ] is
bangin yeah
that is good those little like those
little crispity things it's like a
little rice krispies yeah my mom loves
what the [ __ ] are called it's got like
raisins in it and chunky bar so chunky
bar I don't think I've ever had that
I've never even heard of the chunk you
ever had that my dad used to love almond
joy yeah jelly I've heard of you like
never - I know - which I was like damn
you're the only person that likes good
and plenty on in the world yeah good
yeah don't like good and plenty it was
like licorice II [ __ ] it's like a
Mike and Ike licorice he tastes it was
you it's like old person candy it's like
that's the big family yeah I'm enjoying
like that like that was the purple but
mama joys are pretty good the good news
like this old guy [ __ ] candy good &
plenty was in the purple box
almond joy was in the blue [ __ ] right
that's right yeah yeah
I like gum peanut chews but I think it's
only an East Coast thing because they
don't have it in the Midwest good peanut
chews are pretty good I'm a huge fan of
peanut chews all right so I think I love
Mike and Ikes I think they're delicious
but we're talking about obviously
chocolate here I think so we sneak as
KitKat Reese's Twix I'm comfy with that
yeah that's fine I just feel like we're
we're I mean there's her there's Hershey
Pennsylvania and Hershey Park like her
she's a big one but here okay so here's
my reasoning why it's getting left
behind here cuz it's so plain like it's
just a chocolate bar yeah it got a
zillion things in there true yeah
leave Twix Twix gives it a little okay
yeah what's your favorite on that I'll
tell you mine in a second Twix Kit Kat
Snickers Reese's I'm gonna have to go
I'm gonna go Snickers Twix Kit Kat
Reese's not a fan of the peanut butter
really and I'm some chew and Snickers
cuz it's always there
like it's just a good default to always
have some sometimes not in the mood for
Twix and Snickers I can always have a
Snickers um I'll tell you mine in a
second and then I'll tell you what I
think the audience is gonna say I feel
like you're gonna put so many candy bars
