so there have been four days of severe
unrest in Iran there have been giant
protests that broke out now the reasons
behind them are varied and it's not one
central thing it appears to be a mix of
different things so I've read bankruptcy
of retirement funds is one of the
reasons why people are protesting
inflation so you know economic reasons
corruption is another one even foreign
policy where you know there's chance
about how they don't want the government
to be spending on Yemen or Lebanon they
want the government to take care of the
people of Iran but the last time
something like this happened in Iran was
2009 and back then and he was called the
green movement they were supporting
reformers now they've gone a step
further and they appeared to want the
government toppled so they're against
the hardliners and the Reformers I mean
a sound ronnie is president right now
and he's a reformer but he's part of
this you know they're just viewing the
government as their enemy at the moment
so let me give you some of the things
that they've been chanting this is
fascinating
we don't want an Islamic Republic we
don't want it we don't want it this is
one of their chants they are using Islam
as an excuse to drive people crazy
so another huge part of this protest is
against theocracy the Iran is a young
country and that younger generation
despises the old clerics the grand
ayatollah you know people who've used
religion as a bludgeon over their head
to try to get the people to fall in line
there's a theocratic country a Shia
Islamist country the young people are
like no we're more secular so that's
another chant independence freedom
Iranian Republic another chant
reformists hardliners game is over
another chance so they're against both
we are all Iranians we don't accept
Arabs now somebody who I have a friend
from Iran who says this the
interpretation of this that people are
giving is wrong we only accept Arabs
doesn't mean literal Arabs it's not a
racist chant what they're saying is we
don't accept Islam that's another way of
saying we don't accept Islam because
they view Islam as Arabic and Islam you
know had effectively taken over Iran so
what they're saying is we're all
Iranians so like we're all Persians we
don't accept Islam we want to reject
that we are getting poor and clerics are
driving fancy cars
it's another chant we will die but we
will take Iran back come out to the
streets Iran Ian's shout for your rights
death to Revolutionary Guards death to
the dictator is another one
they set pictures of the Grand Ayatollah
on fire so this is this is real [ __ ]
going down there and by the way here's
probably the most controversial chan
Reza Shah rest in peace Reza Shah was he
was the dictator of Iran
now again again you could say of course
Kurt currently even though there's
elections for who's gonna be President
the Grand Ayatollah is really in control
the Revolutionary Guards are really in
control so it is still you know an
authoritarian situation and they are the
dictators but before that it was the
Shah and the Shah was ousted in the 1979
Islamic Revolution so you have some
protesters who were chanting for a
monarchy back who are chanting for the
secular dictator to come back so it
again it appears to be a mix of things
people are protesting for there's no
central message there's economic stuff
there's you know corruption there's
calls for a secular monarchy to come
back so this is all over the place
now protesters attacked banks and
government buildings and there are even
reports of top government officials
fleeing the country which is a wild side
because that's what happens when people
are going should this government's gonna
collapse there's video shared on social
media that showed the police in Tehran
firing water cannons to try to disperse
demonstrators and at this point at least
12 protesters were killed that's
according to time and I saw that right
before I came on air and social media
sites sites have been shut down
so more popular social media sites which
people used to communicate and this is a
really interesting thing to see because
Iran has been honestly one of the most
stable countries in the region amid the
turmoil everywhere else there they've
been very stable but now you see this
unrest bubbling to the surface now the
Iran deal of course it was Obama and
Kerry and Hassan rouhani and it was
supposed to be something that brought
prosperity back to Iran and you know
made it so that like they the
Republicans love to use this totally
misleading fact about how Obama gave
Iran billions nonsense
they gave Iran back their own money that
we stole from them with sanctions so in
other words hey you don't create a nuke
we have the IAEA come in there and
regulate and and do inspections and make
sure you don't create nuclear weapons
and in return we'll give you back in
your own money so that's what happened
so this was expected to bring prosperity
to everybody which is why it was people
love the Iran deal
um but what's happened is because of
corruption that wealth didn't really
trickle down so it's kind of a similar
situation of what we're seeing in the
West and that there's such extreme
corruption that even in a situation
we're supposed to help the people no
it's like with our recovery here how
corporate profits are now at a record
high but wages haven't budged they
haven't gone up so that's similar thing
there except there they're also
dealing with inflation which makes the
cost of like eggs and milk I think it
went up like to double the price it was
so that's when you get people in the
streets go not only are we not seeing
the benefits we actively win the wrong
direction because we didn't see the
windfall of the Iran deal and also now
the prices of common goods are going up
so they poured out in the streets so
corruption is a big issue but also the
rhetoric from Trump has scared investors
from going into Iran and making deals
with Iran because they're afraid the US
government's gonna come after them say
no you can't do that so this is another
giant problem is that I think there were
like one or two deals oil deals and some
other deals that were made with Iran but
so many other corporations are like
we're not gonna do it we're not gonna
make a deal with them because Trump is
talking about some [ __ ] go to war
with them based on his rhetoric and then
the final thing to say about this is
this this is a very tricky situation
there's been a lot of paradoxical stuff
happening so this has been these
protests have in the West been hijacked
and exploited by neo cons and
right-wingers and it is the grossest
thing to see like John McCain who
famously sang on the campaign trail bomb
bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran they so he's
saying like yeah let's bomb him you know
literally Hillary Clinton who was always
super hawkish on Iran in fact that was
one of the main reasons I voted against
her in 2008 in the primary by the time
it got to New York it was just between
Hillary Clinton and Obama and I voted
for Obama one of the reasons why in the
Oh a primary is because Hillary Clinton
was not doing interviews where she's
talking about how I'm no well not under
any conditions talk to them and maybe we
use force I was like what the [ __ ] this
is what this isn't a Republican primary
so Obama was saying I'll talk to them
without preconditions and the media was
spinning that like it was a scandal I
was like that's not a scandal that makes
perfect sense of course you want to talk
to your enemies to figure out if we can
make peace so he said I'll talk to them
without preconditions I was like that's
reasonable I'm gonna vote for him
because at the time remember it was
difficult a difficult choice because
Hillary was actually campaigning on
single-payer back then and Obama
was not so it was like whoa who do you
go for it was it was kind of a toss-up
but then when you I looked at all their
policies I thought Obama was slightly
better because he also had rhetoric
against money and politics Hillary did
not so but we don't need to go back and
rehash all that stuff the bottom line is
Hillary Clinton John McCain neo-cons
like Bill Kristol all these people are
like a Donald Trump [ __ ] Donald Trump
was on Twitter talking about we're
watching closely for human rights
violations we have you have to side with
the protesters who want basic human
rights [ __ ] there are people
over a dozen people who are facing what
40 years in prison because they were by
some broken windows on Inauguration Day
in the u.s. you are cracking down on
protesters these are there were
journalists who were arrested and some
of them were facing life in prison
thankfully I was cut down but there are
people who are on trial and you're
acting in an undemocratic way I mean
[ __ ] ask Edward Snowden how the u.s.
really Tate how serious the US takes the
first amendment he's in [ __ ] hiding
because you want to prosecute him and
the head of the CIA who you picked is
openly saying we should execute him you
don't get to [ __ ] lecture people
about human rights you [ __ ]
you're [ __ ] arming Saudi Arabia and
they're bombing women and children in
Yemen shut the [ __ ] up with your pho
cries human rights human rights anyway
did you see my first raid as president
which killed a young American girl yeah
I increased drone strikes 432 percent
and have been massacring civilians all
over the place I got rid of the rules of
engagement in Somalia I loosened them
but now I'm gonna faint concern about
human rights when I can't paint on
torturing you [ __ ] campaigned on
torturing and as oh you're on the
respective protestors please oh we care
so much about human rights here in
America nonsense
[ __ ] nonsense in fact Colin
Kaepernick takes a knee other football
players take a knee they tell you it's
because we are against state violence
when you have police officers killing
unarmed people and you go on a crusade
trying to ruin people's careers you know
teller disrespecting Affleck
disrespecting the flag and now you're
pretending you care about human rights
get the [ __ ] out of here so this is why
this is I mean this is next-level
annoying because even if you have
sympathies like I do for the protesters
and you want them to I don't know move
past an Islamic Republic and do a
peaceful transition of power to a purely
democratic society where Hassan rouhani
for example who's president would run
stuff and then you have elections and
okay this person runs an ester in other
words if you want to move past the
Revolutionary Guards and move past the
Islamic Republic and the ayatollahs
which I do that's what I want for Iran
right wingers around the world are using
this to exploit the circumstance to try
to destabilize Iran so that they can get
a u.s. puppet in there see this is why
this is so but to be fair there's also
the flip side hypocrites as well and
those are people who are gonna not not
nothing to see here these protests are
irrelevant these protests don't matter
support the Iranian regime because the
protests are outside paid agitators
foreign agents who are just trying to
[ __ ] rabble-rousing or trying to
destabilize this country
that's not true either man that's not
true either the idea that you have to
support their god support that
government that government is very
oppressive of course it is of course now
of course it's not as bad as Saudi
Arabia but that's not saying much
that's not a very high bar so the people
who are reflexively and to be fair these
are people on the left in Western
countries the people who are reflexively
backing the government like not the
Iranian regime did nothing wrong that's
[ __ ] hacky and reactionary also so
you have a weird paradox happening here
where left wingers in Western countries
are supporting the right-wing Islamic
government of Iran but right-wingers in
the US and in other Western countries
are supporting the left-wing protesters
so it's a weird paradox that's happening
here where what's my position here's my
position
I hope the protests put enough pressure
on the government where there are major
concessions made and you have
significantly less power given to the
Revolutionary Guard and given to the
Ayatollah and you have a more democratic
system pop up I mean ideally I'd like to
I wish
Iran was totally secular I hope these
protesters succeed on that front
I hope they succeed in ending the
corruption and getting more of the
fruits of their labor and getting a
government that's more fair and just to
them so I'm in favor of the protesters
doing that and getting those concessions
and moving in a more peaceful direction
but I am by no stretch of the
imagination okay with any foreign
interference I don't want to I don't
want to hear another [ __ ] word out of
the United States from anybody in our
government about I'm on this side I'm on
that side shut the [ __ ] up shut the [ __ ]
up the United States toppled the
democratically elected government of
Iran in 1953 toppled there was a guy who
came to power Mohammad Mossadegh who
said I'm gonna stop letting Britain in
the u.s. take all of our oil at a
discounted price that's what they did
they would just took the oil
oh you're our puppet so you give us the
oil and you screw over your own people
Mohammad Mosaddegh came to power said
I'm not gonna allow that anymore
it's our oil it's our oil so the u.s.
said can't have it CIA did a coup and
put the Shah into power
so we toppled their government in 1953
that was a bad idea that was a terrible
idea
that laid the groundwork and much later
down the road in 1979 you had the Shah
violently overthrown in an Islamic
Revolution so I don't want the u.s.
intervening in any way stay the [ __ ] out
don't try to go in there and topple them
don't try to aid the [ __ ] protesters
by giving them weapons or whatever don't
do any of that stay the [ __ ] out of it
because it's none of our [ __ ]
business and we're not honest actors
here we're biased we want to have a
puppet regime to us of course that's
what we do all
the world we support 73 percent of the
world's dictatorships so we don't care
about the well-being of Iranians who our
[ __ ] government was just talking about
bombing okay
so you I should stay out but and
everybody should stay out but I hope
that the protesters succeed in getting
concessions and creating a more equal
Iran a more free and open Iran an Iran
that looks out for the people of Iran
and in Iran that is not a theocracy
anymore so I hope the protesters succeed
while strongly shunning people from the
West and elsewhere who are trying to get
involved in this and exploited for their
own nefarious purposes
