[Music]
hey everyone welcome to the sixth
edition of establishment exiles my name
is Mike Ferraro I am reporting live from
calculon's B's old massage parlor studio
and with me today on the show I have a
Lacey Anu can you hear me LEC is my
internet going off oh okay
yeah we hear you now okay because I just
paused okay it was probably my internet
I think that Comcast is throttling me
because of my [ __ ] talking we also have
we also have Ashley Hudson here today
hey and then of course we have our
special guest host of secular talk and
co-founder of Justice Democrats Kyle
kolinsky hello everybody thanks for
having me appreciate it yeah thanks so
much for coming on the show and also on
such short notice - this is we
appreciate him in oh my pleasure yeah
you know in the spirit of the holidays I
thought it would be great for us to talk
about snowflakes now I don't want to
focus on left-wing sjw's because I think
we all agree that they are problematic
on our side but we all speak out against
them the ones who in particular get a
pass are the right-wing sjw's who I
think are even more easily triggered
than left-wing sjw's I'm talking about
Serna vish I'm talking about
evangelicals and you know it's a it's a
special topic today which is perfect for
our yes because nobody shits on right
within cow Klinsky so Kyle you lately
have been kind of going after Serna
[ __ ] so do you have anything to say in
particular about right-wing sjw's
because i think you really hit it best
yeah I think what's uh most frustrating
about that crowd is the fact that they
kind of make a point of pretending that
they're really really principled and
they care so much about free speech and
that you know hey everybody should get
over it if you're offended like nobody
cares about you being offended like we
care about facts over feelings but then
at the first chance they feel like they
get the opportunity they immediately
flip on that and I've never seen a
better example of it than what happened
recently with Sam cedar how you know
Mike Serna vich dug up an old tweet from
Sam cedar in 2009 where Sam was
basically poking fun at people who were
excusing Roman Polanski's the
allegations against Roman Polanski of
like raping a thirteen-year-old so you
know he's had something along the lines
of if my daughter ever get gets raped I
hope it's by like a very talented man or
something like that and they dug this up
took it out of context pretended like
he's literally Pro rape like okay really
like what person on planet earth has
ever wished to their daughter was raped
like it's so obviously an attempt to be
sarcastic but they took it out of
context presented it wasn't sarcastic
and then they go on this you know this
crusade of trying to get him fired and
they briefly succeeded and what stunning
was like a few of these people tweeted
at me because I you know said how
they're [ __ ] hypocrites and I can't
believe how fast they flip on this
belief and suppose did belief in a free
speech and so many of them hit me with
like well you know maybe it's time for
the left to get a taste of its own
medicine and it's like well then you are
just admitting that you want to be an
equal and opposite hypocrite so if
there's somebody you know on the Left
who says I don't want to give a platform
to this hateful person and we should
protest them giving a speech at a
college campus well you're saying is I
would do the same thing if you know
let's say an tyfa was gonna go somebody
who's an anti full leader was gonna go
give a speech at a college campus i
would be the one standing out there with
the sign saying don't allow them to come
here and it's like well then just be
honest and admit you don't believe in
free speech you just use it as a tactic
to you know really use it as cover for
the most heinous people in the country
what you'll notice is that whenever it's
like whenever somebody's like genuinely
bigoted they'll never come out and say
no i'm going to defend this person's
bigotry they'll say oh man
why don't you why don't you let him talk
it's about free speech you're allowed
you're supposed to let them talk so they
use it as a cover for like disgusting
ideas and so that that's what it's
really about that's why you see like for
example Tommy Lehren has been just the
biggest one like oh you're such a
snowflake get over it nobody cares if
your feelings are hurt and then
meanwhile she's the one who's like
cheerleading people like Colin
Kaepernick getting fired for peaceful
protest you know it's like well there's
a perfect example where you could stand
up and say hey listen I'm the person who
said I'm principled on free speech this
guy's doing a nonviolent protest against
police brutality so he should be
protected he should still have a job in
the NFL even though I disagree with him
on the issue he should you know
everybody should let him keep his job
but no they flip immediately based on
their own political leanings so I guess
the thing that annoys me the most is
that there's plenty of people who [ __ ]
on the Left whenever there are
authoritarianism the left-wing and you
know they D platform people on college
campuses and stuff there's like a
universal uproar when that happens but
people on the right just get away with
their snowflake ISM in the most brazen
ways like Donald Trump is another
perfect example and I'll just give this
last example and I'll shut up and let
you guys talk but so for Donald Trump I
mean he sued Bill Maher cuz Bill Maher
made a joke about how Donald Trump's dad
might be an orangutan like he sued him
he literally served him with court
papers if you to now take Donald Trump
out of the picture and imagine that's a
left-wing college kid with pink hair how
that would be the biggest story but Dave
Rubin would have [ __ ] seven episodes
about how this this pink haired college
kid is the biggest threat in America to
free speech
but when it's the President of the
United States who does it not only do
they not talk about it they act like
he's a hero for free speech and he's
busting a political correctness when he
is the quintessential example of a
right-wing snowflake and social
injustice warrior that's I think my
favorite of Donald Trump's lawsuits was
when he sued the journalists that said
he was a millionaire
and that was incorrect because actually
he's a billionaire somebody yeah that's
a great example I didn't know about I
knew he did a bunch of suits over speech
stuff but like I didn't know about
that's a good one I got to add that to
my repertoire yeah definitely add that
one because that is quintessential
Donald Trump in the way that he argues
it is through this economic lens right
like my my net worth and my image and my
brand is Trump and I'm so rich and
people want to be associated with it
because it's you know it's a
spectacularly decadent and that's
because I'm a billionaire not a
millionaire right so yeah so that that's
it's I actually haven't thought about
the oaf lake aspect of somebody like I
mean actually no I was gonna say up
somebody like Trump but he's the
quintessential snowflake yeah he was
triggered by being called a millionaire
so he needed a safe space he sued to get
his safe space back the billionaire safe
space and speaking of being triggered
I've been talking about net neutrality
I've been tweeting a lot of naughty
words to you know politicians and FCC
commissioners and whatnot and then I had
a right-wing snowflake tell me that the
minute I started to use profanity my
point was lost so everything that I said
disregarded so I responded saying I'm
sorry I triggered you snowflake but the
next time our public officials screw us
over I'll be sure to keep your feelings
in mind and it irritates me because
these are the same [ __ ] people like I
went through this this is an individual
I won't name drop him because he's just
a nobody but he has videos on YouTube he
has his own little show that talks about
snowflakes and whatnot so they will rail
against you know people who are against
seemingly against free speech on the
left but they never say anything on the
right and I don't want a name drop too
many people here because I don't want
this stuff too many people but
hypothetically speaking one show that I
used to watch I'll call it the Dubin
Report so I went through this
individuals Twitter feed 0 posts about
net neutrality if you really care about
freedom of speech
aren't you shouting from the [ __ ]
mountaintops right now about what's
gonna happen I mean right-wingers like
Baked Alaska I just named rocks goddamn
it no but like Baked Alaska they were
bad from Twitter Milo Unocal is banned
from Twitter these are people who are
against net neutrality I don't know
about Baked Alaska but Milo kanopolis is
against net neutrality but he's willing
to allow you know seemingly left leading
companies like Comcast who sponsored the
Democratic National Committee or
convention in 2016 to take control of
the Internet does he not think that
Breitbart would be censored and not
included in a Comcast news package if
they say one thing that's controversial
I mean I don't understand it if you
really care about free speech this is
the issue of our lifetimes perhaps that
will have the biggest impact on free
speech yeah so the hypocrisy is what
drives me absolutely insane so whenever
you talk about right-wing social
injustice warriors it's it's therapeutic
for me because nobody articulates just
how big of hypocrites these people
really are than you so well yes don't
worry
it's hard to tell on the net neutrality
issue which ones on the right are lying
and which ones have genuinely been duped
by the propaganda so like you look at
somebody like ah gee pi it's not hard to
tell ah dude PI's a liar
rajat pi knows exactly the ramifications
of his actions
he knows he's doing the bidding of the
Internet service providers he knows is
gonna ruin net neutrality and freedom on
the Internet
he knows that now you're gonna have the
internet turn into a lot more like a
cable type thing where you got to pay
for different packages but like somebody
like ben shapiro or you know somebody
like ruben for a like i there's a chance
that they might just be that stupid
where they fell for the propaganda on
the right where they try to pretend and
if you notice this is how you know
they're so incredibly wrong and it's so
disingenuous is that the only argument
they have is to just totally lie and
pretend like no no we're the ones who
are for net neutrality if you look at
the way this was framed by some of those
cretins on the FCC that's what they said
like NetApp eyes like no no I'm the one
who's actually for net neutrality so
what's so amazing is that they have no
argument so much
much to the point that they just have to
pretend to be the people who are
opposing them and that's really really
really sad it is yeah and it just gets
back to this whole idea that if you if
you truly care about freedom of speech
then this is an issue that you should be
you know speaking out about but the
problem is that they don't really care
about freedom of speech to talk about
freedom of speech you know in the
left-wing SJW sense the only reason why
they purport to care about it is because
that gets you clicks it's no Milo you
innopolis you know getting shut down
from berkeley or whatever that gets you
a lot of clicks so i think that a lot of
it what one part of it is clicked baby
and basically just trying to ride this
wave of anti sjw ism which again none of
us will deny that left-wing
authoritarians are a problem but the
problem is that these people who are
supposed to be in favor of free speech
they never acknowledged the hypocrisy on
their own side and the biggest some of
the biggest ones who are I think right
wing sjw's are the evangelicals I mean
the people like Jim Baker Pat Robert
Robertson these are people who are
triggered at the dumbest things ever
just the existence of homosexuality for
example there's Roy Moore how can they
not see that and speak out against that
it drives me Christians have a right to
the First Amendment Mike Christians are
the ones that can run for office because
you have to swear on the Bible was
founded as a Christian nation and the
Constitution is a Christian document so
when you have all these people coming
and start suddenly starting to to swear
to uphold the Constitution and their
Muslim that that can't be right Roy
that's really your labor Roy Moore that
is literally the argument yeah Roy Moore
is spokesperson exactly Bo thank you I
take pride in that you know it can be a
hard job but like the arguments that he
uses is based on this Christian
theocracy that only this specific group
of people are allowed these protections
under the law and then every
else and these are people that also say
that diversity isn't good that America
should be shedding supporters in America
is a judeo-christian nation needs to
uphold its values so then those rights
only apply to a very specific set of
people what's funny you're right and
what's funny is that they're kind of
admitting the worst version of
themselves like they're kind of
admitting the strongest left-wing critic
version of themselves when they say like
oh we're only Chris you have to swear on
a Bible so obviously only Christians can
run for office like when they say that
they're kind of admitting that like oh
yeah we also don't think that minorities
really have rights either because of the
fact that the founding of the nation
there was the you know the three-fifths
compromise so like they viewed as people
so when they say something like that
like oh you wouldn't mean you have sworn
a Bible so obviously only Christians can
run like in Harran is in that is this
idea of like well obviously only land
owning white males really had have
rights and that's like a total
verification of their strongest critics
who would argue hey these people are
bigoted these people are against anybody
who's not like themselves then they go
on and prove it when they say stuff like
that I mean that happened and I could be
like mr. membrane it but there was
something that happened here at the
state level honestly I don't even
remember where night remember reading
about it like a few months ago but um
they recently like at the state level
passed a law makes that it could be
slightly misremembering but the basic
premise is I think so like daycares ones
that are Christian daycares you know
there's a lot of Christian schools
Christian Ashley was the clarify you're
in Alabama right so that's what you're
referring to Alabama I know I said I
could be slightly mentioned membranous
but if I'm I believe they made it so
that he's like daycares or whatever
they're told they they could refuse
people on the basis of religion which is
crazy because they're always like
religious freedom religious rights but
I'm pretty sure cuz I think I talked to
somebody about this my guess is they
just want to keep like you know Muslims
out and maybe just not god-fearing
people which is
crazy it's crazy to me that they can do
that but that's what they did
and I don't you guys remember either um
it was a while back some couple of women
went and they protested something that
Jeff sessions was doing I think it was
not long after he after he got it got
appointed what they were protesting
something that he had I can't remember
and it I think actually they just said a
couple of things like they didn't agree
with I don't know if you guys can
remember this but they were actually
removed removed from there and I think
not only were they removed but I'm
pretty sure that they were gonna be
charged just for saying they disagree
with what Jeff sessions was doing and I
if I remember correctly it was pretty
like minimal and and pretty unoffensive
relative to it a lot of other things are
going on so that's a good example of one
of your like snowflake yep Jeff Sessions
and I don't remember but yeah yeah they
they define their rights as their right
to take away everybody else's rights
that's very and that's not a stretch
that's not a stretch either because when
you look at even historically take a
look at the arguments that were made
back during segregation when you know
the northern states and the federal
government we're trying to basically get
them to stop doing that they would say
oh no here we go with the Northern
Aggression again and this is this is all
about state even back to slavery they
used to say no no this isn't about
slavery this is about states rights so
they always try to pivot and change the
argument to states rights because in
their mind they mean the states rights
to determine that people are inferior to
them and then they get to take away the
rights of other people so that's that's
part and parcel of their ideology and
their philosophy it's I get to do
whatever I want to whoever I want and I
get to control them and I get to take
away their rights and that is my right
to do that and if you disagree with that
you're wrong and the protesting example
such a great example because you're
right this is this is also something
that happened on the day the on
Inauguration Day or a bunch of protests
and there was a there were like a few
people who were violent but they
arrested like hundreds
of people and charge them with these
whatever it was like felony rioting or
something and so many people are facing
like 60 years in prison as a result of
this hey and it's still happening right
yep there's a case going on right now do
you guys remember I think it her name
was it red fawn
yeah who might my remember and it
quickly she facing life in prison I
believe she is is that kind of or the I
don't know if it's life in prison it's
certainly more than twenty like it's
it's insane
but it's really insane sentence like for
the for the node Apple thinks she was
kind of like leading the doing a lot of
leading the protests and it's it is just
I I couldn't I mean even for our country
I couldn't believe it when I read that
the kind of sentence she was up against
for protesting this kind of thing yeah
and there's there's been a bunch of
these laws that effectively criminalize
protesting that are being passed in
Republican legislatures around the
country so again this goes right back to
the main issue here you would expect the
people who love to pretend like they're
the most in favor of free speech and the
First Amendment that they would be the
first ones to go nuts whenever there's
an example of a law passed at the state
level that tries to criminalize
protesting but no those are the people
who are actually passing the laws they
have nothing to say about actual threats
to the First Amendment
yeah and Attorney General's from
conservative states they actually penned
a letter to Jeff Sessions office the US
Attorney General asking him to be able
