President Trump did a rally yesterday
and during the rally he doubled down on
some comments that he made two weeks ago
in private now when I originally
discussed this story a lot of people
were like yeah and now it doesn't sound
believable doesn't sound believable I
don't think he actually said that I
don't think he actually believes that
and you know I got a decent amount of
[ __ ] for even reporting on it but I you
know I thought from reading the original
story that it sounded like Donald Trump
well now we know that the story was
definitely true because look at what he
says on the issue of drugs we're gonna
build a wall and we have to build a wall
for people for gangs for drugs the drugs
has never been a problem like we have
right now and by the way like the world
has do you think the drug dealers that
kill thousands of people during their
lifetime do you think they care who's on
a blue-ribbon committee the only way to
solve the drug problem is through
toughness when you catch a drug dealer
you got an you gotta put him away for a
long time when I was in China and other
places by the way I said mr. president
do you have a drug problem no no no we
do not I said huh
big country 1.4 billion people right not
much of a drug problem I said what do
you tribute that to well the death
penalty so hey if you're a drug dealer
and you know you're gonna get caught and
you know that you're gonna kill people
you're killing our kids they're killing
our kids they're killing our kids
they're killing our families they're
killing our workers but I said to the
president I said so you don't have much
of a problem
no and they had a problem you know if
you go back 200 years ago and they know
all about drugs it was devastating to
China the opium devastating it destroyed
China and I'm not gonna let it destroy
us and there was an article
one of the main papers maybe it was the
failing New York Times is one of them
and I don't even know where they get it
because honestly I don't know that the
United States frankly is ready for it
they should be ready for but at a
minimum you have to give long tough
sentences but if you go to Singapore I
said mr. president what happens with
your drugs
no we don't have a problem president I
said really why we have a zero tolerance
and he's not playing games these guys
don't play games you know we have a
different type of people they don't play
games I said how you doing on drugs no
problem
said what do you mean no problem and
that's entertainment you know a lot of
things are happening so what do you mean
Oprah we have a zero-tolerance policy
what does that mean that means if we
catch a drug dealer death penalty
[Music]
and they don't have a problem now
remember this if somebody goes and shoot
somebody or kill somebody they go away
for life and they can even get the death
penalty right one person they shoot one
person they get the death penalty they
shoot one person kill some person knife
one person the person dies they get
maybe the death penalty or maybe life in
prison no parole right okay a drug
dealer will kill two thousand three
thousand five thousand people during the
course of his or her life thousands of
people are killed or their lives are
destroyed their families are destroyed
so you can kill thousands of people and
go to jail for 30 days they catch your
drug dealer they don't even put him in
jail think of it you kill one person you
get the death penalty in many states or
you get life of Brisbane you think of it
you kill 5,000 people with drugs because
you're smuggling them in and you make it
a lot of money and people are dying and
they don't even put you in jail they
don't do anything but you might get 30
days 60 days 90 days you might get a
year but you're not gonna get and then
you wonder why we have a problem that's
why we have a problem folks and I don't
think I don't think we should play games
he's praising countries that execute
drug dealers that's it's not up in the
air it's not questionable it's not a
matter of conjecture it's not me reading
too much into the situation he's
praising countries that execute drug
dealers it gets even scarier
they are literally looking into how to
do this legally they've spoken to
officials from Singapore and said we
like what you do we think we want to try
this guys this is why a Donald Trump he
was praising Rodri
Duterte of the Philippines a leader of
the Philippines Duterte is currently
waging a genocide against drug dealers
and drug users there's been thousands of
people who've been murdered because
they're shooting drug users in the
street and Rodrigo Duterte doesn't even
hide this fact he's proud of it he's
proud of it in fact there are quotes of
him saying I really want the people who
are the family members of the drug users
to execute them but I don't think they
have the heart to do it and execute
their own loved ones so that's why we
need the police officer to do it and
don't worry if you do it we're not gonna
crack down on you if you do it we want
that Donald Trump is looking at these
authoritarian strongmen dictators and
going yes that's what I want that's what
I love so look at this this is deeply
authoritarian deeply tyrannical deeply
dictatorial and if you're somebody who
considers yourself a Republican or a
small government conservative you have
to understand that this is the biggest
government imaginable executing people
for selling a substance that tweak your
consciousness I've never seen a single
comment from a US president that's more
anti freedom than that I mean you know
freedom has a definition right I mean I
know politicians love to throw that
around just willy-nilly like oh I
believe in freedom freedom freedom
freedom freedom well here you have an
example of the exact opposite of freedom
Donald Trump wants to take away all of
your freedom to be able to tweak your
consciousness and understand of course
Donald Trump since he's a he's a clown
and he's an idiot and he's not smart and
he's certainly not objective
he doesn't realize that the the the
framework of his own society accepts
certain substances so for example
alcohol is a substance alcohol is a drug
you know caffeine is a drug a lot of
people don't think of caffeine like that
but it is a drug as is redbull as this
xanax that you get from a pharmaceutical
company so if you're talking about x'q
drug dealers are would you execute the
CEO of Budweiser would you execute you
know people who important sell coffee
would you execute the head of a
pharmaceutical company Merck would you
go you know knock down the door of the
CEO of mercs house or the owner of Merck
or the owners and drag them out would
you go execute the head of Purdue Pharma
now listen when you bring it up in that
context everybody recoils and they're
like what the [ __ ] are you talking about
you're gonna have somebody selling a
product which people buy willingly of
their own volition hey I'm gonna go get
this substance cuz I want to have a few
beers tonight or I want to have some
wine tonight or I want to have a couple
shots of Jack or whatever the [ __ ]
people willingly get that and then
you're gonna maybe execute the person
who's selling it I can't think of
anything more immoral than that but
Donald Trump thinks this is a good idea
and it's not even it's not this isn't me
reading in between the lines you're
looking too far into it this is what he
thinks this is what he thinks and what's
hilarious is he doesn't understand the
system that we currently have actually
leans in the direction of what he wants
to do so I don't know if you heard of
this thing Don but we have the war on
drugs going on we've wasted over a
trillion dollars in the war on drugs so
wasted over a trillion dollars we jail
more people than every other country you
have what millions probably of people at
least hundreds of thousands of people
probably millions of people behind bars
for nonviolent drug offenses so in other
words people who aren't actually
criminals they didn't do anything
violent they didn't break any laws that
really should be laws and they're you
know locked up behind bars right now we
have by the way we have tens of
thousands of people who've died in the
war on drugs because it's a literal hot
war on the border with Mexico and then
by the way you also make the drug
cartels much more powerful because of
the drug war because you make the
substance illegal you push it
underground and then guess what
the only people who are selling drugs
like marijuana and cocaine are drug
cartels so they have a monopoly on all
the money and that's why they get really
powerful that's what happened with the
Mafia
during Prohibition the Mafia were the
only people selling it and providing it
until they got really really really rich
so in an attempt to crack down on crime
and have law and order you actually made
crime worse you made crime worse cuz you
gave the bad guys all the money and all
the power that's what's happening now
with the drug cartels and this idiot is
like yeah we need a zero-tolerance
policy what the [ __ ] do you think it is
when you have more people locked up in
the US than anywhere else in the world
you wasted over trillion dollars on the
drug war drugs are illegal marijuana is
a schedule 1 drug which is comical
because schedule 1 means there's not
even the potential for a medical purpose
not even the potential for medical burrs
comical laughable ridiculous
so we already lean in the direction of
his dumbass ideas and he's like we
should go further oh my god by the way
Richard Nixon Richard Nixon one of his
top officials came out recently and said
hey you do know that we did this
specifically to crack down on black
people specifically to crack down on
hippies white hippies because we wanted
to criminalize their lifestyle because
we knew they weren't our constituency
they admitted this they they're on the
record saying the whole the drug war
wasn't for morality of it we didn't care
about that
we wanted to crackdown on deviant
populations Oh God and now Donald Trump
saying well execute them kill them kill
them kill them for big free people
making free decisions as to what to do
with their body and selling products
providing a service in the marketplace
that other people want kill them yes
well that is just as crazy as talking
about killing the CEO of Budweiser that
sounds like a crazy insane wild
authoritarian tyrannical genocide 'el
idea cuz that's what it is and it'd be
the same for you know people who sell
drugs for people who sell marijuana I
mean get the [ __ ] out of here man Wow
executing drug dealers Exene a more
authoritarian take than that and by the
way it's not even true there's a well
there's no problem in other countries
well first of all even if it were true
that there's no problem in other
countries you know you just took away
everybody's freedom and you don't live
in a free society
that's like saying ok we could have a
total and utter police state where there
are people with you know where they're
police officers with assault weapons at
every single [ __ ] corner and they shut
down all bars in the country and you
know we have a total lockdown on the
police state in in a in a sci-fi type
future in a futuristic movie where it's
like there are no rights none whatsoever
so ok you could potentially you know
find a way to reduce crime like that but
is that is that a desirable situation is
that how we want to live so sacrifice
all of your freedom all of your
enjoyment all of your pleasure for this
perceived idea of increased safety why
not put everybody in a [ __ ]
straitjacket and put them in a padded
room and say see you're happy here
there's no crime that exists in that
[ __ ] little padded room that you're
in so even if it were true that these
other countries don't have a problem
because they execute people even if it
were true it's a dumb idea but it's not
even true in fact you want to know how
one country that's done fantastic with
with this issue this issue of drugs
Portugal how has that happened Kyle they
decriminalized all drugs they
decriminalized all drugs they had a drug
scourge an epidemic there now they're
one of the better countries and they
don't have nearly as big of a problem
because they decriminalized all drugs
they stopped locking people up and being
punitive when it came to drugs and they
started treating it like a medical issue
oh you're addicted ok we're gonna have
treatment for you you know we're gonna
we're gonna treat you like a human being
not lock you in a cage or kill you as a
result of you know this issue that you
have man he is so bad
holy [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] he's like he really is the
foxnews president that's what he is
you know your [ __ ] uncle at the
Thanksgiving dinner table who's never
seen a conservative argument he didn't
instantly fall in love with your Rush
Limbaugh and Sean Hannity fan uncle that
that's not Donald Trump is that guy like
that's who he is and it's really sad
like he's not he doesn't know how to
think definitely has a low IQ and he's
just oh his arguments are so flippant
and so like there's what I think there
let me talk maybe kill him just kill him
[ __ ] kill him god damn it man holy
[ __ ]
I can't that's this is so immoral and so
unethical and so ridiculous and totally
indefensible and if you're somebody who
looks at this and you agree with him or
you think it's not as bad as you're
saying Kyle [ __ ] you
cuz you're wrong and on some level you
have to know that you're wrong how many
lives have been ruined already because
of the drug war and he wants to make it
worse he wants to potentially kill
people for selling drugs even though I
just spoke for over ten minutes I think
I met a I'm at a loss for words
