Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey spoke to Lester
Holt of NBC about their current policy
in regards to free speech I want to
watch this here and I want you to notice
something as you watch this look at how
the standards gradually change and the
goalposts gradually move and then look
at at the end what the implication from
Lester Holt is to Jack because this is
very very very important and I feel like
it's precisely what I've been warning
about the entire time and it's a
genuinely dangerous path that we're
going down here but let's take a look
and then we'll discuss well Alex Jones
on Twitter posted this week what
essentially is a video calling for
people to get their battle rifles ready
against the media saying it's time to
act it's got to be done now people need
to have their battle rifles everything
ready their bedsides
and you got to be ready send a chill up
my spine how about yours
it did I mean there's a number of
actions that we believe help a call to
incitement to violence and those are the
things that we need to make sure that we
are taking action on you've taken action
against him in this instance what can
you tell us what it is
I believe we put him in a timeout
removing his ability to tweet for a time
period that period just seven days and
presumably after that Jones will be back
a timeout seems minor compared to the
implications of someone suggesting a
call to arms against a particular group
in this case the media how do you
respond to that well I feel any
suspension whether it be a permanent one
or a temporary one make someone think
about their actions and their behaviors
and just behavior based on a time that I
don't know I'm speaking more broadly as
to why we utilize this particular tool
we we have found that it does have the
potential to change impact and change
behavior it's Twitter's first move to
mute Joe and since the company's major
social media appears restricted or
removed him from their platforms
exposing dorsey to broad criticisms
while winning him conditional praise
from jones are you comfortable with the
idea that to some and on the far right
the extreme that your hero i'm not i
don't agree with the the actions that
that are employed and the behaviors that
are employed so an attaboy from alex
jones isn't that something that you wish
they have no it's not something I was
expecting or need Jones has become a
symbol for the dehumanizing speech that
has invaded social media something
Dorsey has vowed to better police do you
have regrets about how you acted in
terms of some of the Sandy Hook
allegations that it was a hoax
I do feel terrible at what the parents
had to go through and you know I think
we we have felt behind and we have felt
that we have moved too slow and a lot of
our actions Dorsey says the aim is
consistency and how they enforce the
rules do you make exceptions for
high-profile individuals in terms of
your your rules of service
no we hold every account to the same
standard to the same rules President of
the United States yesterday called a
woman Omarosa that dog would that
violate your Terms of Service so we do
have a clause within our Terms of
Service around public interest and
around news news worthiness we believe
it's important for the world to hear
directly from global leaders how they
think and how they treat the people
around them you don't make it a thing to
make exception you don't make a
distinction however you know what we're
policy talking about taxes or tariffs
versus calling a person that dog we make
an understanding of who is actually
saying that and whether they are a
global leader or whether they are a
public figure and whether this is
something that should be reported on and
should be talked about in addition to
improving the health of conversations on
Twitter the companies also in a war
against bots the fake users that were
employed to artificially steer opinions
during the 2016 election we started with
you know a real focus on one core
fundamental human right
of freedom of expression but over time
we have realized that that right has
been weaponized Jack Dorsey tells me
Twitter now challenges 10 million
accounts a week to determine if they are
real people or simply BOTS so that
segment is just its importance is
gargantuan so let me explain exactly why
that is you see the logical progression
so they start out with an issue that I
think everybody can acknowledge is a
borderline issue is like there is a
question there so Alex Jones saying Oh
get your battle rifles ready now I saw
the full context of that they did not
show you the full context of that there
in my estimation based on how we framed
it he gave himself enough wiggle room
and used enough weasel words to get out
of it by the way he did the same thing
with the robert muller thing he does
like he was playing the you know the
wild wild west music like there's a
shootout at the OK Corral and he's and
he keeps saying like oh yeah me and
Muller are gonna stand there and I'm
gonna I'm gonna and he does like the
mimicking [ __ ] draw on a gun and
shooting but he kept keep saying in the
segment politically so politically it's
gonna be me and me and Robert Muller and
it's just I'm gonna get him and so
people who dislike Alex Jones by the way
for totally understandable reasons
they're gonna look at that segment and
what they do is they just disregard the
weasel words and disregard the caveats
that he uses to get out of it but the
caveats are important they're there you
can't just ignore it because you don't
like Alex Jones now by the same token in
the full context of that clip where he's
talking about the Oh get your battle
rifles ready he he basically says
they're gonna come for us
so get your battle rifles ready now is
it true that there are people coming for
him in his supporters no nobody's coming
for you that's obvious to anybody with a
functioning brain but he left himself
enough wiggle room to say I didn't I
didn't say what you're saying I said and
I've noticed this time and time and time
again every time somebody sends me a
video oh here's Alex Jones doing a
direct threat of violence or something I
watch the video and there's always some
weasel
and wriggle room that allows him to get
out of it so I know some people want to
say hey disregard the weasel words and
the wiggle room but once you do that
then there are no standards and they can
just block anybody D sensor and D
platform anybody for any reason
whatsoever because if if the wiggle room
doesn't matter and the caveats don't
matter then it's up to the benevolent
interpretations of your loyal tech
overlords to do it properly and you
should not trust them is the point I
keep trying to get across to you they're
always gonna come after the left and
independent outlets and they're always
gonna come after powerless people okay
so that's the first point but listen I'm
willing to admit up front they start
with an issue that's a borderline issue
where there is a discussion to be had
with Alex Jones oh my god get your
battle rifles ready so they start with
that Lester Holt does oh isn't you have
a problem on your platform look what are
you gonna do about it
so immediately notice the framework of
of the questions the framework isn't hey
here's thousands of accounts that were
wrongly censored or deep platformed
because of your shitty policies the
framework is hey here's one example of
maybe you should have done more to stop
it but you didn't so it said the
framework is duh the obvious answer is
you have to censor and e-platform more
people so it oftentimes in these kinds
of discussions everything is in the
question not the answer and the question
is hey why don't you do more to stop
this not hey look at all these examples
where you've done too much and maybe you
shouldn't be banning all these people
because if you take everything in
totality I submit to you there are way
more [ __ ] bands than there are ones
that made sense
okay so then they go to notice how they
move the goalposts this is so sly and
this is exactly what we've been warning
about so it starts with hey maybe here's
something where there's a genuine threat
of violence so maybe this is
to pull this down that's where they
start where did they end up Donald Trump
called Omarosa a dog should this be
allowed on your platform yes yes yes
not even close yes now does that mean
that Donald Trump is a good person no
does that mean that I support Donald
Trump no he's a [ __ ] terrible person
his policies are horrendous and he's
loathsome but should you be allowed to
call somebody a dog on Twitter yes I was
in a Twitter argument two days ago and I
called somebody a [ __ ] if Lester
Holt shows on the screen my tweet
totally out of context and it says I
said yes [ __ ] to somebody he could
easily go to Jack check should such
dehumanizing and harassing language be
allowed on your platform yes of course
it should people talk [ __ ] that's a
thing that happens now it's the
President of the United States you could
say oh that's below the dignity of the
office fine but that doesn't mean he
should be banned what I find amazing is
it's not like there aren't examples that
are borderline with Trump there are you
want to talk about threats of violence
he literally threatened to bomb North
Korea and Iran on Twitter that is a
violation of Terms of Service but on
those issues and I mean closer like oh
yeah he's allowed to do that one but you
called somebody a dog sir and she was a
woman and black come on man yes you
should be able to call somebody a dog
you should be able to call it you should
be able to talk [ __ ] and call people
names see this is I warned you about the
slippery slope it all you can see it in
that segment oh hey maybe this was a
threat to violence not really but maybe
hey you should do more oh and also
people call other people bad names are
you [ __ ] kidding me so now you want
to take the platform that was originally
you know created for free speech reasons
and ban people because they call people
mean words oh come on man the entire
establishment media has been begging
Twitter to do more censoring and deep
platforming CNN has a guy who that's his
whole beat Oliver Darcy his whole
[ __ ] for I go read this guy's Twitter
feed it is
stop like prodding social media Facebook
Twitter YouTube hey you should ban more
people and and crackdown more oh thank
you for your service Oliver how [ __ ]
brave of you to find wrong feint and say
please ban this what a [ __ ] joke this
is cuz you called somebody a dog you
want it are you [ __ ] kidding me and
then finally and I told you the
goalposts keep moving and then they move
it even beyond that so it goes from hey
maybe Alex Jones incited violence you
should get rid of him too hey Donald
Trump called somebody a dog maybe you
should get rid of people that call other
people bad names sheer lunacy and then
it becomes oh you're pert I see you're
purging the bots and the people who
meddled in the election in 2016
oh here we go here we go so I know
people who were accused of being BOTS
that influenced the election they're not
BOTS they're people who had a twitter
account who read the DNC email leaks and
said oh [ __ ] the primary was rigged look
at all this evidence now I'm going to
tweet about that well according to the
establishment media if you meddled in
the 2016 election you're a bot so people
who have who don't have the cookie
cutter pre-approved establishment
opinions are going to be considered bots
and they're gonna be deleted
again I'm not speaking out of my ass
here I know people who have had their
accounts pulled down and they've been
accused of being BOTS in the 2016
election so think about that man this is
this is how far we've slipped oh hey
maybe incitement pulled him down oh but
also pulled down people who say mean
words about other people too oh why
don't you just take down all the bots
who are meddling in the election well by
definition they're gonna say that
anything that is reporting on the
Russian propaganda that are factual
leaks from the DNC that proved an
election was being Reagan that there was
corruption at the highest levels but hey
if they're talking about that we could
just say they're by definition Russian
propaganda and their BOTS so take
all of those accounts in one [ __ ]
segment every point I made was proven
correct it starts with the cases where
there's a genuine question hey maybe you
should or shouldn't take him down and
maybe incitement maybe defamation in
some cases goalpost moves - you call
people mean words we don't like that
we're gonna pull you down and then the
goalpost moves to just take down all the
bots that are influencing the election
they're never gonna do that objectively
they're gonna go after anybody who
doesn't have the pre approved
establishment opinions I warned you I
warned you and now you have the
establishment media begging for more
censorship indie platforming by the way
why why is the establishment media so
strongly on one side of this issue why
it's almost like they want to maintain
power control and they want to stay on
the top of that media hierarchy and have
a captive audience
now I'm not arguing that Alex Jones is
competition to mainstream media he's not
he's full of [ __ ] and he does fake news
way more than the mainstream media does
even though the mainstream media does a
lot of fake news but it sure is easy to
control the flow of information and
control the outlets they can see if you
try to censor indie platform and shut
down all the independent outlets we've
already seen this happening on YouTube
the algorithm totally buries my stuff
Jimmy Dore stuff David Pakman stuff
humanist report it totally buries it why
because this is what they want this is
what they're begging for hey tech
overlords we know that when we ask you
to crack down you're never gonna come
after us even though there's more of an
argument that they violated Terms of
Service and call they all cheered the
bombing in Syria
oh yes bomb a country that didn't attack
us yes yes is that a violet is that an
incitement to violence when you beg the
government to do more bombings of
countries that didn't attack us is it an
incitement to violence when you get us
into the [ __ ] war in Iraq based on
false pretences should you be taken down
as a result of that no cuz they're
grandfathered in establishment media no
consequences everybody else it's not
even legitimate consequences it's just
take them down if they're close enough
to stuff we don't like this is this is
1984 and it's it's unfolding right in
front of our eyes
this is what's happening we're now
begging totally unaccountable Silicon
Valley tech billionaire oligarchs to
censor and the platform and determine
what you should and shouldn't see if you
really think they're gonna use that
power in a way that's fair and objective
and intelligent you're a rube
you're a dunce you've been fooled
completely hundred percent not even
close
you really are you can't wait to give
these unaccountable people who are mega
wealthy and have their own biases more
power to control what you're able to see
you don't see a problem with that it's
almost too stupid to comment on I mean
obviously obviously obviously these
outlets should be regulated as public
utilities and they should have to have a
giant bias towards free speech if
there's an actual case of defamation or
libel or slander or whatever the [ __ ]
and it goes through a a proceeding and
there's a direct threat of violence or
daxing or whatever it yes you could go
after those outlets but you have to have
to be process can't just rely on [ __ ]
Jack Dorsey or Mark Zuckerberg feelings
what a joke and they're being prodded in
every which direction they're not I
can't warn you enough about this it's
beyond clear to me and you see it all in
one segment you went all the way down
that slippery slope in one segment hey
maybe incitement hey maybe bad words hey
the bots are bad banned all the people
with the wrong think here we go
