Twitter seriously jumped the shark with
their most recent endeavor let me show
you a tweet here that certainly blew my
mind so a Twitter user here says shout
out to the hashtag resistance hashtag
resistance Twitter for having Twitter
emailing me suspecting that I spread
Russian propaganda hope you
ignominiously car theists are proud of
yourselves and then you can see the the
letter here as part of our recent work
to understand Russian linked activities
on Twitter during the 2016 US
presidential election we identified and
suspended a number of accounts that were
potentially connected to a propaganda
effort by Russian government linked
organization known as the internet
research agency consistent with our
commitment to transparency we are
emailing you because we have reason to
believe that you either followed one of
these accounts or retweeted or liked
content from these account during the
election period this is purely for your
own information purposes and is not
related to a security concern for your
account so there over 600,000 of these
emails went out now I have yet to
receive one yet but I should be
receiving one any day now because there
you have to understand how broad of a
scope this is the argument was made that
no they're trying to sow discontent or
discord or however they phrased it in
the US that's what that's what the
Russians TM are trying to do so they
went as far as to argue that for example
Oh activists who are pointing out
Hillary's poor record on African
American rights they're their Russian
plants so remember for example when the
activists was showed up to a Hillary
donor event and she kept hitting her
with the super-predators quote like you
called us
for predators and Hillary's like yeah
anyway whatever [ __ ] move along you
know and the list goes on and on
oh you voted for the crime bill the
things that Hillary Clinton you take you
take money from Saudi Arabia and then
you pretend to be super feminist like
what at what you've done Haiti and
Honduras so when people pointed that out
there's no counter-argument to that it's
just true like that [ __ ] is just true
about Hillary and how bad her record is
on this stuff the crime bill you name it
so there's no response so what's the
counter-argument when you can't win oh
you're you're a tool you're a puppet of
the Russian government they're trying to
sow division in the United States and so
when you retweet an account like that
that is attacking Hillary on her record
when it comes to race you're a Russian
puppet so now we're gonna have to send
you an email saying uh hey we have
reason to believe that you either
followed one of these accounts or
retweeted or liked content from it you
better watch out what are you doing what
are you doing you're I guess you're
falling for Russian propaganda and
that's the thing is they make no
distinction between Oh was any of this
so-called Russian propaganda factually
accurate or not no no you just from the
internet research agency some Russian
thing if you retweet her like an account
from there that's your I guess you're a
sucker I guess you're a chump no quite
the opposite it seems the case of me
you're the suckers you're the chumps by
trying to do censorship by another name
trying to curtail free speech trying to
curtail a free and open discussion of
ideas because something something the
source is evil and bad and wrong and
anything from that source is tainted so
what if Russians like you know whatever
turkey sandwiches I like turkey
sandwiches ah [ __ ] Putin puppet
Russian BOTS I mean the wording of this
is [ __ ] Orwellian beyond imagination
as part of our recent work to understand
Russian linked activities on Twitter
during the 2016 presidential election we
identified and suspended a number of
accounts potentially connected to a
propaganda effort by the Russian
government linked organizations
potentially is doing a lot of work there
isn't it because we've already seen
stories Twitter has suspended Council
they set Russian trolls but then some of
those people like I'm not a Russian
troll what are you [ __ ] talking about
because again it's more about what are
you saying what arguments are you making
so you know what's next Oh anybody who
who shared those accurate WikiLeaks
emails from the DNC accurate species of
Hillary Clinton where she talks about
how she wants totally free and open
trade borders which is like NAFTA and
TPP on steroids where Hillary says oh
you know there's a lot of bigotry
against the rich in this country that's
what I think she said things like that
and you learned it from WikiLeaks and
from other leaks and the next step is I
your hey man we say even though we've
presented no evidence that WikiLeaks
works with the Russian government
therefore by sharing that information on
Twitter you're a Russian puppet and we
just want to send you an email saying
you better watch out you better watch
what you share this is a stunning
crackdown by the way so when it comes to
crackdowns on free speech it's much
harder for the government to do we have
the First Amendment and case law
throughout US history has consistently
ruled on the side of hey even odious
disgusting speech is protected speech so
and that's a good thing we have like an
absolutist interpretation of the First
Amendment as law right now but there's
another way that they can attack free
speech they can have their you know
their corporations that they're linked
at the hip with do the dirty work for
them so today we're not people aren't
likely to go out into a literal public
square and have discussions where do we
have our discussions well we have our
discussions on social media social media
is the new public square whether it's
Facebook or Twitter or what-have-you
so when you take this public platform
which is now the public square it's a
private platform since private
company but you have that private
company do the bidding of the public the
government not the public as in the
people but the public sector is in the
government when you have the private
corporations under pressure from elites
in the government start cracking down on
speech because I don't know something
something Russia well what you have here
is the perfect manifestation of a Red
Scare that's what this is and they're
gonna they're gonna use this to
crackdown against all dissenting voices
and again you might say well Kyle that's
you know you're extrapolating too much
here you're reading too much into it
but I would say to you it's already
happening they're already suspending
accounts they say a Russian propaganda
they're sending the threatening email
say you better watch out look at who
you're following and stuff like for
example I follow RT and RT America that
alone can be ground up here's a I can't
believe you're [ __ ] Russian propaganda
Russian propaganda now I take from RT
and RT America I take stories on Russia
with a grain of salt I do and I think
that's the right thing to do that's a
right approach to take but stories that
are not related to that they do a great
job they [ __ ] Tom Hartman works for
them he's fantastic ed Schultz works for
them you know who got fired from MSNBC
because he's against TPP you got a lot
of good people who weren't there so
again this is just a way to try to in a
broad way crackdown on dissent and it's
worse than that because so it's not just
Twitter chilling free speech in this way
and telling people hey don't say the
wrong things it's also Facebook doing it
and it's also Google doing it so you
guys have probably seen this already by
this point but they say Facebook founder
Mark Zuckerberg announces plan to
prioritize trustworthy news sources
based on user surveys so first of all
let's just put out there a hierarchy is
a terrible idea because you should have
a free and open exchange of information
you should have effectively net
neutrality for all the different
now that does mean that some shitty
outlets you know might get a little more
exposure than you'd like for example
Alex Jones but that's a small price to
pay for having real independent and
alternative outlets that tell the truth
out there not being discriminated
against but know what they're gonna do
is say oh now we're gonna have a
hierarchy of news outlets they say
they're doing it by user survey now what
are the effects of that well you're
gonna have the bulk of people go I guess
CNN I guess MSNBC and Fox so in other
words the people who are the established
media outlets who have huge name
recognition they're the ones who are
gonna get prioritized and that what
they're doing here is they're passing
the buck by saying oh well let the
people tell us which outlets but in
reality they knew from the very
beginning well what we really do is want
to prioritize established outlets now
that raises a very important question
what happens when those people spread
fake news because this is you know
Facebook is trying to get rid of fake
news by doing this well I don't know if
you know this but virtually all of
mainstream media referred to torture as
enhanced interrogation at the behest of
the Bush administration that's doing US
government propaganda and lying about
the nature of what's actually happening
mainstream media did that so will
mainstream media be deprioritized when
they push some [ __ ] like that
well mainstream media be deprioritized
when they ramped up the war in Iraq when
they did propaganda to get us into the
war in Iraq you know Phil Donahue was
fired because he was against the Iraq
war
so is are they going to say oh [ __ ]
mainstream media today is pushing fake
news so we got a deprioritize mainstream
media in the context of what's happening
right now they're not going to do that
what about when there were the WikiLeaks
email leaks and we saw everything that
Hillary and Debbie wasserman-schultz
said all those things were true but to
make sure media didn't cover them
because oh [ __ ] we might you know
something something Russia you know hey
maybe Russia helped in getting WikiLeaks
this information doesn't matter that is
true the source of how we got it
somewhat tainted and I don't know it
might help Donald Trump and we don't
like Trump so I don't don't [ __ ] run
with it well they will they be penalized
will they be deprioritized when they do
misleading stories trying to downplay
accurate leaks no they're not going to
do that so again this is censorship by
another name and I think what's scariest
to me because now it gets into not just
a broader issue a macro which now it's a
micro issue and it affects our bottom
line and it affects everything we're
doing here at secular talk but yes it
has been proven that we know that
Google's algorithm now prioritizes
mainstream outlets over all alternative
and independent media so yes we are
treated like Alex Jones and our results
are buried now in Google searches you
know you have alternate saw a drop of
over 50% as soon as Google tweaked their
algorithms because the argument is hey
look AlterNet they're the same as like
you know the [ __ ] Daily Caller what
Daily Caller is or worldnetdaily on the
far right AlterNet is that on the far
left so that's fake news so we got to
not do that you know hey that outlet may
have been harder on Hillary Clinton they
should have been so over 50% drop in
their traffic current affairs another
fantastic left-wing outlet over 70% drop
over 70% that doesn't happen naturally
that happens when they tweet the [ __ ]
algorithms so now Facebook's tweaked
it's a priority move away from news
completely by the way they want to
prioritize family and friends okay but
then to the extent that they prioritize
new stuff it's going to be major
establishment outlets that oftentimes
push total [ __ ]
so Facebook's doing that Google's doing
that and YouTube of course Google's the
parent company at YouTube so we've seen
the effects too you know Jimmy Dore took
a massive hit David Pakman took a
massive hit the amazing atheist who's
not even primarily political took a
massive hit because they're just saying
everybody that's not already established
we are going to deprioritize so that's
the effects of what we're talking about
now I want to show you this chart
because this is what's been happening
here at secular
talk behind the scenes I think this is
an important chart now I'm not saying
this is necessarily nefarious but I am
saying that there has been a trend and
this has been happening on a regular
basis so during the election we were
gaining a thousand new subscribers each
day now if you tell me Kyle looking and
off in a year that's not an election
year that's gonna drop maybe 40 percent
I'd say that's a big drop but you're
probably right maybe it'll you know
whatever I'll instead of gaining a
thousand new subscribers a day we'll
gain 600 new subscribers a day that's a
gigantic drop but I can see that because
you know with the election political
stuff is prioritized yada-yada if you
tell me no you will gain [ __ ] about a
hundred and 50 subs per day from a
thousand during the election down to 150
subs per day I'll tell you something's
wrong here something's wrong here they
are deep prioritizing our content and
they are D prioritizing our content I
just told you Google has done this
YouTube is owned by Google and with ad
pocalypse of course they did this they
put people in different categories of
how monetize they can be the level of
ads they get what happens when your
videos are D monetized and they are
harder to find when that happens they
don't share them as much on the sidebar
if you happen to watch secular talk all
the time you'll probably get some
secular talk videos on the sidebar but
it doesn't they don't attract new people
anymore so when it was a thousand subs a
day we're not talking about a 40% drop
which is massive
to gaining 600 subs a day we're talking
about 150 subs a day and then BOOM what
happens every now and then a purge an
absolute purge and you can see there
that there was a day that had dropped
off off the map and we lost more than a
hundred and fifty subscribers in a day I
want to explain some of you guys that
might not know that the trends of the
way this stuff works that's not a thing
that happens once your channel hits a
certain point you gain steadily that's
the way it works so if there's ever a
massive anomaly that is an anomaly that
happened on purpose now it could be
because hey YouTube is just purging
inactive accounts and honestly that
would have been my preferred answer I
would say that's yeah that seems like
the most reasonable answer but guess
what
I've gotten countless messages where
people like no I've had to subscribe
your channel three times because they
keep unsubscribe me from your channel
people who are subscribed go hey your
videos are not popping up on my main
page anymore I don't know why so I've
gotten countless you know messages like
that I know the same thing is happening
for Jimmy Dore David Pakman and others
so what you're seeing here yes from the
top down and many of this a lot of this
is being taken the the catalyst for it
all is Russia it's just been wiping out
taking a hatchet directly to all
independent and alternative media
outlets so you know I said this last
night man the so-called solution here is
worse than the problem no I'm not saying
Alex Jones isn't a problem the guy's a
[ __ ] maniac and he's a gigantic
audience and he has influence but the
solution is not let's [ __ ] censor him
or censor or you know deprioritize all
independent outlets but that is the
convenient answer for the establishment
because when YouTube became a giant
political force when independent media
became a giant force those guys Wolf
Blitzer is not gonna [ __ ] beat me in
the long run he's like watching a burnt
piece of toast or watching paint dry on
the wall he's as boring as boring can be
he's never said an interesting [ __ ]
thing in his life he's not gonna beat me
so since they can't beat us they cheat
and the cheating is you know the
tweaking of the Google algorithm the
YouTube algorithm tweaking of the
Facebook algorithm and we're talking
about life or death for so many
different independent media outlets so
if you like this show and you like the
content we put out and you appreciate it
I'd really uh I would love it it would
mean the world to me if you would
consider going to patreon.com/scishow
talk and donating even if it's just two
bucks a month you know I don't I would
rather have a little bit of money from a
lot of people to keep this going and
keep doing what
what we're doing um I don't want to you
know I want to do the opposite of the
[ __ ] model which is whoo let's go to
like one billionaire and get [ __ ] all
the money no billionaire would want to
fund us and I wouldn't want to take
money from a billionaire I don't want to
feel beholden to those people I want to
be beholden to the audience so if you
can give I think there's a an option of
$2 $3 and $7 you want to go nuts donate
seven dollars a month you want to go
middle-of-the-road just do three but at
least two dollars if you like what we do
and you respect it and you appreciate it
and you agree with most of the stuff
then please help us out and think of all
the different outlets that you like in
in this time of need because it's only
gonna get worse
it's gotten worse from from the
beginning of the rumblings of ad
pocalypse by the way there's never been
a recovery from ad pocalypse we have ads
now we run a blacklist then we're off
the blacklist but it still it was a 50%
cut for a long time now it's an over 60%
cut and I don't know if that's a link to
the new algorithm tweaks or whatever the
[ __ ] it is but that's why we need you
now more than ever think of all the
different creators who you appreciate
patreon.com slash secular talk I want to
thank you for doing that and for
everybody who's already a patron and who
has been helping all along I love you
and a sincere thank you from the bottom
of my heart
