so here I am ready to do the show kind
of excited for today's show because we
had a bunch of great stories to cover
have a bunch of great stories to cover I
don't know why I'm talking in the past
tense and a vital laptop for the show
that has all the clips that are gonna be
needed for today's show
crapped out so this has happened before
no big deal obviously had to go to get
it fixed you know I try to put a rush on
it let the person know hey I'll pay
extra if we if we get this done today
long story short looks like we are gonna
get it done today so the show will be
happening later today yes I do look like
a cop right now Jimmy Dore would be very
very saddened by my attire at the moment
with my cop glasses so we are gonna do
the show later today should be a great
show but obviously this was a pain in
the ass and this was unexpected the
first segment I was gonna do was the
breakdown of my Fox appearance that's
still gonna be the first segment I do in
the show I have a lot to say about my
Fox appearance personally I had a lot
more fun this time around than I did
last time around but there are moments
in the Fox interview that I need to
address in detail because you know
you're so limited in the format when
you're on Fox that it doesn't really
give you the leeway to say everything
you want to say so you know specifically
the quarry Bush interview is the thing I
want to pontificate more about we'll do
that but figured I'd shoot a little
video now people in the amount of red
white and people makes me are gonna look
at me like I'm [ __ ] crazy talking to
myself let's try to make it look a
little less awkward here move the camera
down well one thing I wanted to talk
about this wasn't scheduled for today's
show
but I just saw it this morning and I
figured I'll do a separate
video on this right now is that I think
it was Apple iTunes they decided to pull
Alex Jones Show and then Facebook
decided to pull some of Alex Jones shows
and then I think Spotify didn't pull his
entire show but they pulled certain
episodes and there's a little bit of
contradictory information on that I've
seen like a few different headlines some
of them saying that Alex Jones entire
show was pulled from Apple some of them
saying that it was only some of them
again I think Spotify only pulled some
of his shows but I'm a little
disheartened by the reaction to this I
see a lot of you know not-so-subtle
celebrations over this fact and I don't
think it's something to celebrate
now listen put put my record up against
anybody else's record when it comes to
calling out Alex Jones [ __ ] I mean I
honestly think I'm number one in that
category
I am the Tiger Woods I'm the Michael
Jordan of calling out Alex Jones
[ __ ] I make a habit of doing it I do
it at least once a week and again that's
bare minimum
so I'm second to nobody in fact checking
that [ __ ] and I'm second and
nobody in calling him out when he's
spewing his conspiracy theories and you
know peddling to the far right so
pretty much as anti Alex Jones as
humanly possible but having said that
this is a matter of principle
now I get it it's not that you know this
is a literal First Amendment issue
because Alex Jones Alex Jones is not
having a speech suppressed by the
government so this isn't a literal First
Amendment issue however this is the
principle of the First Amendment even
though it's even though these are
private corporations and they get to
determine who does and doesn't come on
their website I think that this is the
principle of the First Amendment is at
play here and this is a terrible
precedent so if you pull Alex Jones down
and they give specific reasons okay it's
not because he does fake news fake news
is technically permissible but this is
what they say they say oh it's because
of specific segments you know doing hate
speech and you know there was a segment
recently where he threatened robert
muller and did this weird simulating
shooting him online now is that
incitement maybe I mean it's borderline
don't get me wrong there are definitely
segments he's done we called out
doofus b-team boy harrison when he did
that segment and he was calling
alexandria Ocasio cortez and bernie
sanders parasites and talking about how
they're leeches and they need to be
eradicated so don't get me wrong there's
been a bunch of stuff that's like
borderline incitement but in my mind you
need to basically say anything goes
except the clear cases of it now I'm not
saying Alex Jones isn't an odious force
in this world in fact I think he is
which is why I call him out all the time
but to
to take down his show from these
prominent outlets I mean that is a
terrible precedent because what now what
now
Oh Alex Jones he's a fringe conspiracy
theorist we really got to pull down his
show okay well what about you know hey
Kyle kolinsky and jimmy dore i mean
these guys they they've really been
pushing back against russia gate and it
sure looks like seventeen intelligence
agencies as the talking point goes which
is [ __ ] because that includes like
the coast guard and they did the old
dick cheney trick of go to anybody at
that agency and get them to tell you
what you want to hear and then say the
entire agency said so you know i push
back on russia gate jimmy door pushes
back on russia gate you know you think
that somebody with my position on the
DNC email hacks how it was good that we
saw it no matter who the source was even
if russia was the one that released the
DNC emails okay we still learned about
primary rigging who in their right mind
can say I'm against knowing that the
primary was rigged and that there was
corruption at the highest levels of the
DNC because of the source of that
information partisan hacks say that but
guess what that's the mainstream media
position in this country that's the
mainstream media position so people look
at me and they think oh well he's the
conspiracy theorist he's the crazy one
and to give that take on things is not
OK you know look at it look at it in
Syria with the fact that we are
literally arming jihadists now it can be
indirectly or it could be directly I
really don't know frankly I really don't
care all that I want to point out is the
objective fact that indeed we are arming
jihadists I mean we just covered the
story from the independent the other day
they found us serial numbers on the
weapons the stockpiles of weapons that
Isis had now people are gonna look at me
talking about these things that are
objectively true and they're gonna say
you're conspiracy theorists you're on
the fringes it's not okay that you say
that hey maybe we should look at pulling
down him
because it always happens oh you start
by going after the guy on the right and
then they're gonna say well look we need
to be equal we need to be neutral we
need to show that we're equally against
fake news on both sides fake news on
both sides so I don't know you know Alex
Jones kind of a conspiracy theorist okay
to pull him down well you know Jimmy
Dore kind of a conspiracy theorist we
think he is - we'll pull him down Kyle
kolinsky I don't know kind of a
conspiracy theorist pull him down - so
once you set the precedent basically
what's happening now is people are
begging
Oleg arks from Silicon Valley to be the
ultimate arbiters of what is real news
and what is fake news and you don't want
that to happen because they're never
gonna do it in a fair way they're never
gonna do it in a in an objective way
they're gonna do it in a way that
coddles people who are in power who are
begging them to take these actions and
what do you know the people who most
want to censor and D platform and
regulate free speech online it happens
to be the establishment so this is a
terrible idea and in fact another story
that we're going to cover in the show
later today is 75% of cases where
there's a crackdown on free speech on
college campuses 75% are actually
against the left so that's not the way
the narrative is covered the narrative
is framed as if oh it's only the right
wingers and it's mildly innopolis and
it's been Shapiro and you know these
guys are the ones who are being censored
and D platformed know when you go to the
data yes let me be clear they actually
are being censored sometimes in D
platform and I'm against that I think
they should be allowed to speak but 75%
of the cases it's people with left-wing
views who are censored or D platformed
and it just doesn't get covered and a
lot of that by the way is pro-palestine
activism they you get censored and D
platform if you're in favor of BDS for
example so listen man it's just a bad
road to go down you don't want to go
down the road of let's have very
powerful Silicon Valley oligarchs
regulate and filter and censor the
content that we want to see and again I
don't even know like why are people
afraid of Alex Jones like he's he's
probably the easiest person on the
internet to debunk and I'm not just
saying that it's so easy to take one of
his claims and just hold up against the
facts and then laugh at him and mock him
and take him down using words you want
to talk about a you know a free exchange
of ideas well here you go there's that's
a free exchange of ideas let me show you
what Alex Jones that says and then let
me explain to you how he's factually
wrong so I don't know there's nothing to
be afraid of there's nothing to be
afraid of sure some people who watch him
are gonna you know they're on the
they're on the fringes and who knows
what the [ __ ] bill do and maybe he
planned some bad seeds in their mind but
same thing with [ __ ] Fox News
honestly same thing with MSNBC we throw
Reilly [ __ ] on they're talking about
Jorge kill tiller the baby killer and
then you know eventually somebody went
and shot george tiller so should that
have been like okay now foxnews needs to
be censored and pulled off the air I
mean I just I don't understand this
logic I mean let's not kid ourselves not
like MSNBC isn't doing anti Donald Trump
stuff 24/7 so somebody does and takes
action and tries to harm President Trump
should MSNBC be censored Indy platform I
mean it just there's no logic it's
people with power taking independent
outlets whether you agree or disagree
with them or think they're spewing fake
news and liars or aren't but as people
with power wielding that power is a
wielding or yielding whatever the [ __ ]
the word is taking that power and using
it to crush
people without power people who are
independent outlets and independent
voices and again this is not a defensive
Alex Jones I don't agree with Alex Jones
I would hold my record up against
anybody's in terms of going after him
and you know holding him accountable
calling out his [ __ ] fact-checking
him I've converted more people away from
Alex Jones than any of these [ __ ]
calling him to be censored ever will and
now you've just given him this outsider
edge who he must be saying something
true because they just cracked down on
him no wrong that's not correct but now
they've given everybody that
misimpression and that's a goddamn shame
so I just I think this is terrible I
think this is terrible I really do and
now the door is open and there will be
censorship the right wing is gonna cry
and scream and [ __ ] and moan leggo it
is only right-wingers who you know get
cracked down on really talk to me talk
to David Pakman who got hit worse by ad
pocalypse it was me and David Pakman so
and Jimmy Doris well actually
so the idea oh the crackdown only
affects the right no it doesn't that's
not true
so you could take your victim narrative
and shove it up your ass this is bigger
than a partisan issue this is a
principal issue this is look my solution
honestly and some people might disagree
with this but my solution is we really
should take Twitter Facebook all these
social media platforms they should be
regulated as public utilities so back in
the day there was the public square and
you know people could talk in a public
square you couldn't censor somebody in
the public square because it's the
public square what's gonna happen the
government's gonna come and drag you out
of there no you can't do that you can't
send your somebody in public square that
would be an actual violation of the
First Amendment in free speech
well now the world is digital and
technological so the public square is
Twitter is Facebook
so and are all these social media
platforms so I think it should be
regulated as a public utility I think
you should leave Alex Jones show up and
I think CNN and MSNBC and any outlet you
want to point out I think every single
one of these outlets should dedicate
time and energy into taking specific
claims of Alex Jones and debunking them
that's a coil here here's what he said
here are the facts here's what he said
here are the facts
here's what he said here are the facts
and then guess what you will have
succeeded in making people de convert
from Alex Jones cult it's not that
difficult it's not that difficult but
when you try to cut corners and you go
about it in a genuinely authoritarian
way where you try to get him pulled off
of various platforms you somehow come
away looking even shittier than he does
which is amazing because I thought that
would be impossible but apparently it's
not so anyway that's enough for my
driving rant like I said I think there
will be a show later today if everything
goes swimmingly and if what I was told
is correct by the people who are gonna
fix the vital laptop so anyway
I'll talk to you guys soon love you and
hang tight stay tuned
hopefully shows come in later today
