Doug Jones has defeated Roy Moore in the
special election in Alabama for US
senator of course Jeff Sessions is
Attorney General he was a senator from
Alabama so they needed to fill his seat
and you had doug jones who's you know
kind of a standard run-of-the-mill
establishment Democrat
I think his voting record will end up
being quite a bit like Joe Manchin for
example but you had him versus the worst
person on the planet that might not be
an exaggeration so Roy Moore of course
was accused had there multiple
allegations of him effectively being a
pedophile I think there was one 16 year
old who said that he literally assaulted
her in a car but then there's another
allegation of a 13 or 14 year old where
he took her out to the woods he picked
her up outside of a hearing that her mom
was at when he was a judge took her out
to the woods tried to get her to touch
his penis and stuff you've heard all
this and we discussed all this before so
no need to go into further detail here
about those allegations but he's accused
of being a pedophile even if you say hey
it's allegations put them all aside
nothing's been proven yet he was a judge
who was removed twice from the bench
because he refused to follow the
Constitution he kept the Ten
Commandments up in his court house and
in the front you know the front lawn of
the of the court house and yeah the feds
said you can't do that
we don't live in a Christian theocracy
this isn't the Christian Saudi Arabia we
live in a secular country it you have to
take it down you have to abide by the
Constitution and take it down he didn't
do it this is also a guy who said in the
past that he thinks homosexuality should
be illegal he also said that he thought
Sharia law has already taken over was it
Illinois so it's so funny on the one
hand he's like oh we got to stop the
Sharia law from taking over but then the
other hand he's like so I can implement
my Sharia law Muslim Sharia bad
Christian Sharia
good so he's just a really really shitty
guy and of course he we already knew
that he was planning on voting for if he
were to what if he won and then he got
seated he was gonna vote for Trump's tax
bill and of course that you know blows
up any semblance of him like looking out
for the little guy I'm going there to
bust up the establishment no you're
gonna vote with the establishment that
tax bill raises taxes on everybody
making $75,000 a year or less so it he's
just as bad as it gets like really
really really bad and though Doug Jones
might let us down in many respects
there's no denying that he's way better
and those were your options so Doug
Jones won I think that's a great thing
he won by almost two percentage points
and this is actually a really big deal
because it's the first time since 1992
that Alabama elected a Democratic
senator now listen he he won by almost
two points but the guy was a pedophile
so in my mind I I genuinely believe that
if more wasn't a pedophile than he would
have won all the other odious things
about him people would have overlooked
or they would have flat-out agreed with
so I mean the they already elected Jeff
Sessions and Jeff Sessions is one of the
worst senators in the country by far in
a way so it's good that doug jones won
but it's kind of crazy that you know you
still had 48% of the voters vote for a
pedophile who has one of the most odious
records i've ever seen so let me go
ahead and show you here the exit poll so
you get a sense of the demographics of
this race because this is really
incredible this is from the washington
post 32 or excuse me 23 percent of white
men voted for jones just 23% seventy
four percent of white men voted for Roy
more white women not barely any better
32 percent of white women voted for
jones which means 65 percent voted for
more
but then look at this black men and
black women 92% of black men voted for
Jones 7% voted for more I'm actually
surprised it was even 7% who the hell is
that 7% 97% of black women voted for
Jones 3 percent voted for more so there
was a lot you know made on Twitter about
how think a black family in Alabama for
keeping a Roy Moore out of the Senate
there's some truth to that I mean these
numbers are overwhelming and here's
another really interesting fact when you
look at the turnout in this special
election usually turnouts for special
elections are low the turnout for this
one was pretty high but what happened
was I think about 93% of the people who
turned out for Hillary Clinton in the
last election turned out for Doug Jones
in this election so that that's amazing
that you know for a presidential race
it's usually way higher turnout here you
almost had all the people who turned out
for the presidential race turnout for
this special election for the Senate
seat but in terms of more only 49% of
the people who voted for Trump turned
out for more so in other words you kind
of had like a little bit of a perfect
storm for the Democrats and that their
turnout was almost as high as if it was
a presidential election and you had half
the Republicans stayed home you know for
whatever reason they might say well
Moore's gonna win it anyway so what the
[ __ ] doesn't matter or me personally I
don't really care about this one because
I don't want to pull the lever for a
pedophile for whatever the reason is
that's a big part of it the Democrats
turned out in in droves and you had half
the Republicans who voted for Trump
stayed home and didn't vote for more now
what are the bigger lessons to take away
from this election though that's an
interesting question I think Charles
Barkley actually broke it down pretty
well on CNN Berkeley by the way he's of
course from Alabama and he campaigned
for Doug Jones so let's take a look at
what he had to say
basement hey listen if any other man had
eight women accusing him of sexual
harassment talking about how he really
enjoyed slavery he thinks people who are
[Music]
homosexuals to go to jail
they wouldn't even been in this election
this was more of a referendum onus to
sit the state of Alabama and I'm just so
proud I'm just so proud of my state I
love my state we got some amazing people
here yeah we got a bunch of redneck and
a bunch of ignorant people but we got
some amazing people here and they rose
up today you know they're you or one of
many prominent African Americans from
Alabama who don't currently live in
Alabama who came and campaigned over the
weekend there was some question over
whether that would that would backfire
obviously it did not the African
American vote really turned out in very
strong numbers you must be feeling
pretty good about the effort that you
made this weekend well number one it
wasn't just about me was about everybody
down here let me tell you something I've
been in Alabama for the weekend
campaigning with doug jones all run more
commercials was he's against abortion
he's against gay marriage and he talks
about god those are not three good
enough reasons to be in the Senate we
got a lot of more important stuff health
care we got to improve our public school
system we got to improve our roads I'm
just so proud of my state they rose up
today last question for you Charles
what's your message for President Trump
tonight as an Alabamian as somebody who
helped deliver the state to doug jones
what do you want president Trump to take
away from this evening well this is a
wake-up call for Democrats your
Democrats and I told mr. Jones this and
I love Doug they've taken the black vote
and the poor vote for granted for a long
time it's time for them to get off their
ass and start making life better for
black folks and people who are poor
they've always had
votes and they have abused our votes and
this is a wake-up call we got in a great
position now but this is a wake-up call
for Democrats to do better for black
people and poor white people that
analysis in my opinion was spot-on
what he's saying is Democrats need to
start serving their base again that
they've taken their base for granted but
here you have a situation where in
turning out the vote there was a lot of
attention paid to the Democratic base so
black people clearly and he also says
poor white people as well and that is
supposed to be the Democratic base it's
supposed to be you know blue-collar
workers you supposed to be middle-class
people poor people people of color you
know people who aren't in power who
aren't elites people who need the
government to craft policy in a way that
helps out regular folks or at least
gives them a fair shot and doesn't rig
it in favor of the rich but what's
happened with the Democrats for such a
long time now the Republicans are so
extreme and so insane they're backwards
on all the social issues but then
they're also 100% corporatists so the
Democrats have said well where they
where's our base gonna go where you
gonna go you're black you're poor but
you know you're a white poor family
you're people of color where you gonna
go there's nowhere for you oh you're
gonna go for the Republicans so
therefore hey I'm gonna lurch to the
right be corporatists like the
Republicans just to a slightly lesser
degree and not serve my base not push
for policies that's gonna help them and
then what the [ __ ] are they gonna do
they're gonna have to show up anyway
well Charles Barkley is saying no serve
your goddam base I mean politics 101 is
you don't abandon your base but politics
101 for the Democrats for the longest
time has been abandon your base I mean
look at the strategy just in the last
election 2016 with Hillary Clinton
you had Chuck Schumer on the sunday
shows openly talking about that saying
listen we don't for every blue-collar
vote that we're gonna lose with our
basically neoliberal strategy
it's okay because we're gonna pick up
two suburban suburban votes from
basically upper middle-class families so
that's him just bragging about our
brilliant strategy is to abandon our
base abandon people of color abandon
poor white people and we think that'll
work out cuz where is it where they
gonna go where those people gonna go
well what they're gonna do is not
[ __ ] show up to the polls or they're
gonna vote for a third party option and
then you're going to turn around and
scold them when they do so as if it's
their fault no it's your fault for not
serving those people in making them what
a [ __ ] vote for you so I I can't
agree with him any more than I do he's
saying Democrats take their base for
granted and they need to focus on their
base and then they have to [ __ ] do
something about it and that gets to the
next point so Roy Moore was a uniquely
shitty candidate I mean again you saw
very high african-american turnout one
of the reasons for that is because Roy
Moore literally is a slavery apologist
now you might say but come on that's you
know Kyle left-wing commentator going
over the top with it no that's he said
hey wouldn't it be better off if we got
rid all the amendments after the 10th
well that means who women can't vote
equal protection under the law is gone
and the repealing of slavery is gone so
that's not it's not like oh I'm I'm
misinterpreting it or misrepresenting it
no that's what he said then there was
also the comments at an event where he
said hey even when we had slavery at
least the country had a direction and
families were strong are you kidding
that's the old [ __ ] coded language of
bigots that's what they do they say uh
and I've heard this in the context of
segregation as well Jim Crow where
they're like well you know families were
strong when we had segregation and black
people were over there and white people
over here hey we might say that's not a
good thing but at the same time the
families were strong so now there's been
the destruction the black family maybe
one of the reasons of that is cuz we
don't have segregation anymore now they
won't say that last part but they
heavily imply it they want you to take
that that away from it they want you to
go man a black family were better off
before what would different before oh
man
we were separate and of course this is
all just mental gymnastics and jiu-jitsu
to try to justify and rationalize the
fact that these people are bigots and
they want they don't want to treat
people equally so yeah maybe that's one
of the main reasons african-american
turnout was so high you had a literal
slavery apologist on top of other stuff
being a pedophile it mean you go down
the list but maybe the biggest point
here is this Charles Barkley says every
commercial I saw of Roy Roy Moore I'm
against abortion I'm against gay
marriage I'm I'm I'm for God I love God
you know he's a theocratic then he goes
we got more important issues to worry
about that's that those aren't good
reasons we got health care we got to
worry about education infrastructure we
got to rebuild these roads we got to
give people jobs and there it is right
there see look again Roy Moore was
uniquely shitty because he's a [ __ ]
accused pedophile slavery apologist
among all the other [ __ ] that's terrible
about his record but like take Trump for
example when Trump campaigned yeah he
was an [ __ ] on many of the social
issues but there was even though he was
lying and it was just [ __ ] rhetoric
at the time there was economic populism
he tied into it he tied in economic
populism he spoke against NAFTA he spoke
against TPP he spoke about keeping jobs
in the US and rebuilding the country and
stop wasting the money overseas in the
wars and he contradicted himself a lot
and the other [ __ ] he said was [ __ ]
crazy and there's no doubt about it and
he's shooting from the hip and he's
amateurish and you can go down the list
of the shitty things about him but yes
there was an element of economic
populism in his rhetoric when you tie in
the social backwardness with the
economic populism that can get the
republicans to turn out for you but when
you're just focusing on the social
backwardness hey man that's not enough
that's not enough
so you're an accused pedophile but all
you have to say in your ads is abortion
is bad and I'm against it gay marriage
is bad and I'm against it and isn't
[ __ ] god wonder
you know these Republican based voters
they're [ __ ] struggling too poor
white people are struggling too so like
there's a lot of poor white people in
Alabama that reliably turnout for
Republicans if all you're talking about
is abortion in the social issues they
might agree with you on that stuff but
they're also going my [ __ ] cousin
just lost his job and he's got no
[ __ ] money you know hey I haven't had
a raise in 25 years what's going on here
you gonna help me out or not help me out
every rhyme or isn't speaking to those
concerns he's not speaking those
concerns at all because he doesn't
actually believe in helping those people
he believes in being a [ __ ] Theo crap
so here you have Doug Jones come along
and again Doug Jones is gonna disappoint
us in many ways because he's a mansion
style Democrat Doug Jones come along and
yeah he actually will talk about those
issues it's in fact in his in his speech
after he won you know what one of the
things he said was when he's immediately
before I even get to Washington they
need to fund the chip program that's the
Children's Health Insurance Program
which by the way to give Hillary Clinton
credit on something which is rare on
this show she was instrumental in
getting chip in place one of the very
few positive things about her record but
that's what Doug Jones was saying he's
like okay fun the [ __ ] chip program
let's do it and then you wonder well why
is it that this came deep red Alabama
the Democrat one because the other guys
in accused pedophile he's a slavery
apologist and all he spoke about was the
socialist you see didn't offer people
anything on the economic populism front
anything he said bad economics was the
opposite not economically populist
economically elitist and look here's
here's my overall conclusion and this is
one that you know the centrists are
gonna [ __ ] go nuts when they hear me
say something like this but it's true
let's say Doug Jones ran exactly the
same campaign he did with two
differences he's for Medicare for all in
free college he would have won by 10
points not one not one or two
now again you see people centrist and
neo liberals hear that and they've
broken they melt down
but I've already seen it you have people
on Twitter Joe Manchin was already out
there saying well this is a win for the
radical Center radical Center [ __ ] out
of here
no it's a it's a win for the anti
pedophile vote is what it is but if he
were to be more economically populist
Doug Jones I think he would have won by
more now again you say well how can you
make that argument where's your evidence
to back that up
there's plethora of evidence and I
brought it up repeatedly for example in
the primary the 2016 primary bernie
sanders beat hillary clinton by a mile
and a half among people who describe
themselves as conservative democrats so
all the exit polls when they hey how do
you describe herself you liberal
democrat you moderate are you
conservative democrat it throughout the
midwest
people said oh i'm a conservative
democrat and they destroy he destroyed
hillary clinton among conservative
democrats now how's that possible
because Bernie's literally not more
conservative than Hillary he's to the
left of Hillary so it's a matter of
definitions and labels so how can
somebody say I'm more conservative but
you didn't vote for the more
conservative Democratic candidate
Hillary Clinton easy because people
don't [ __ ] think about labels they
don't really know about labels they say
what they think they are but at the end
of the day when you sit people down and
go hey I'm in favor of free college I'm
gonna favor Medicare for all I'm in
favor of a living wage I'm a favor of a
new New Deal I'm in favor of ending the
corruption those are things that cut
across party lines it's not it's not
hard to sell the idea of somebody I
think you should have a raise and I
think you should have health care that's
not a hard idea to sell so it's pure
fiction that in the minds of the
establishment they think well you have
to run a centrist II neo liberal II
right-wing Democrat in the deep red
states cuz that's the only way you're
gonna win nope
pure fiction pure fiction ideas like
Medicare for all free college living
wage new New Deal they cut across party
lines and again labels are something we
have you know when you think about these
issues forget the labels another example
of this is you had Bernie same
Peter's doing a town hall in the heart
of Trump country in West Virginia people
who [ __ ] voted for Trump and he got
them to cheer his agenda of
medicare-for-all free college living
wage I mean think about that a roomful
