awakening from his burger coma oh the
two different like ends of the spectrum
of being hungry and wanting fast food
and like being super hungry and then
when you eat all the food afterwards
just being dead
you hassle burgers yeah a ten-week so I
usually get there's like a number one or
something like that it's like four
burgers and it comes with fries and a
drink
but at White Castle their fries are so
small so I usually get that and then
I'll add on like three birth so um this
time I think it was like number seven
was ten burgers two drinks and two fries
I got that [ __ ] that's a brilliant
that's a brilliant move now would have
gotten that ten burgers they're small
though the thing that makes you feel
feel bad about myself is the two drinks
like I don't mind the two fries the two
drinks when they hand you two drinks and
you're by yourself that's a bad feeling
really so why why they drink though that
make you feel bad as opposed doesn't
it's like why do I need two drinks and
that makes me feel like this should be
for two people like two fries isn't bad
cuz it's small enough to realize like
alright I can eat both these fries had
ten burgers yeah but but two drinks like
she hands me two drinks and I'm the only
person in the car she's like this [ __ ]
all for you
it's like yet don't feel bad cuz I just
ate like you ate shitty but at least you
had a meal I just had it's the neon neon
sour neon crawlers do you know saying
those are the hood ones the good ones
are those I CVS brand that's pretty yeah
I mean it's [ __ ] sour candy of course
it's it's gonna be good doesn't matter
like who makes it and then I had this
which is like the most budget excuse
ever to be like it's like a sad excuse
and attempt to be healthy but it's not
even close to being healthy they're
called protein chips oh I've had those
before no so here's the thing if you
hear them - regular chips there
rendus yeah they're like terrible but if
like let's say you're on a desert island
and regular chips don't exist and then
somebody hands you this [ __ ] you're
gonna eat this [ __ ] and you're gonna
love it if I'm on a desert island and
somebody hands me like dog [ __ ] chips
I'm gonna eat that [ __ ] and love it like
I'm happy to be eating whatever if I'm
on a stranded Island you know what I
would compare this to I would compare
this to when I quit when I quit
cigarettes and I started having the east
cigarettes that just have nicotine in it
but don't have any of the cancer-causing
[ __ ] and like I always said it wasn't
like a perfect fix where you would
totally get rid of the craving but you
could cut the craving down like 60%
which was all that little nudge that you
needed to get by and not have a
cigarette yeah that's how I feel about
these compared to regular chips it's
like yeah if you really want chips and
you're like I really want to have
[ __ ] chips you eat these and you're
like all right like I don't want want
chips anymore obviously chips are better
but this was enough to scratch the itch
enough where I'm good
I've I've had those I feel like the
protein starts to hit you a little bit
too much but to the cigarette point I
never understood like my step-brother
used to smoke cigarettes and then when
he was weaning off I'm like he would be
like all I need is just like a toothpick
and I'll be good and I'll be like that's
all you need like to like stop you from
having that urge for a cigarette it's
just to have a toothpick in your mouth
maybe like yeah that'll hold me over
well some of its Asian yeah that's what
I'm saying yeah that's some sample
that's a huge part of it for other
people it's the social triggers so like
if you're working at a place and you've
smoked for three years and then you try
to quit but still work at that same
place well no there's gonna like at
twelve o'clock when you have your coffee
break usually you and Dave like go to
the water cooler and then you go hey you
wanna go grab cigarette man let's go
grab a cigarette you're so used to that
routine and there's all the social
triggers there that it's harder for that
guy to quit than somebody who starts a
new job and says I'm gonna not smoke
anymore because you don't have any of
the social triggers anymore that make
you like oh now's my time to go smoke a
cigarette
ya know cigarette smoking to me is just
so weird so I was just in California and
don't think anyone in San Diego has
gotten the message or memo that like
we're not smoking cigarettes anymore
really there's a lot of smoke so many
people like when I go downtown Chicago
or even in New York I rarely see people
smoking cigarettes anymore like it's
like it's not as common as I used to see
like you would go a lot of places um and
I know for restaurants sake they ban
that and restaurants yeah like it used
to be a thing when you'd go to the
restaurant it would just be commonplace
to like you're not smoking yep exactly
um even at hotels like this airplane
smoke on airplanes
yeah that's wild - [ __ ] yeah yeah that's
wild but yeah San Diego was like a lot
of people were still smoking cigarettes
and one to me I just never understood it
I never I think I tried smoking once
like whatever really smoke ever but I
just never like it's just like it's just
a weird concept to me that like you get
up from your meal walk outside the
restaurant and stand there and have a
cigarette like it's really like those
commercials that it's like a little
cigarette is controlling your whole life
you know it's like fascinating I think
it has a lot to do with almost like this
counterculture rebel thing where it's
like you wanna put like a middle finger
up to society and be like you'll [ __ ]
your rules and what do they tell you
they're like you shouldn't smoke cause
it's really bad for you and then people
who do it are the kind of people who are
like oh yeah I shouldn't smoke watch
this and then they smoke and it's like
they think it's on some rebellious [ __ ]
but you're right that really it's it's
the opposite it's like after a while it
controls you you don't control it you
know like you're beholden to it and
you're you're destroying your health and
you're wasting a tremendous amount of
money I mean my dad smoked two packs a
day men and then like think about if you
put on a kitchen table none of the money
he wasted on cigarettes he for his life
he probably started smoking I don't know
how old he was maybe 23 and he smoked
his whole life so put all two packs a
day all that time that's a shitload of
money just chilling at the table yeah so
yeah it's one of those things where I
used to smoke so I get it more than
other people for me it started out like
well my dad smoked so bad role model but
also
like trying to be cool thing like oh I
want to smoke so you don't like it the
first like four packs but then by the
time you get to the fifth pack you're
like damn I kind of want to smoke a
cigarette and then though it's just a
matter of you're hooked until you can
decide I'm gonna get off of it but the
thing is they say it's harder to kick
than heroin I don't buy that at all I
was able to quit
I was yeah and I don't I don't crave it
at all anymore it's not even close to a
craving its it like the thought of
having a cigarette now is not something
that's appealing to me I mean that might
stick with you for a year or so but it
once it's gone it's gone and I think
Aaron that's something different people
oh yeah I mean I don't know what what
the heroin fixation is like but like I
sort of compare it or to like when
people are like oh man it's addicting
and this and that and I'll never know
what it's like to be addicted to
cigarette smoke but I sort of compare it
to when I go on my food like eating
binges and it's like I'm just eating on
healthy format long I feel like I've
always been the type to just be like
boom [ __ ] this tomorrow I'm meeting
healthy and that's it you know it
sometimes it's hard sometimes I meet in
like 10 White Castle burgers and then
like [ __ ] McDonald's and Wendy's the
next day but I feel like I always have
that like mental capacity to be like I'm
Odeon right now like tomorrow I'm going
on my [ __ ] that like if I was ever a
cigarette smoker to be like why am I
doing this like no I'm stopping cold
turkey tomorrow yeah George Carlin had a
the comedian George Carlin says
something really smart about like drug
use in general including cigarettes and
alcohol and all that stuff he said at
some point the intellect will override
the will to want to keep doing the thing
and I think that's true I think that
once you actually make the decision
you're gonna be fine like you're gonna
do it it's just people who are caught in
that middle ground who are like I kind
of want to do it but I don't really want
to do it but those are the people who
are gonna struggle and who are gonna
keep going back and then so it really
just comes down to a matter of have you
actually gotten to that point where you
want to stop the thing because if you
have gotten to that point that you want
to stop the thing you're gonna stop it
but if you're on the fence or if you're
leaning slightly in the direction of I'm
not sure I want to stop I know it's the
right thing then you're not gonna stop
so it is just a mad
of commitment to a large extent I mean
don't get me wrong some people with
certain substances they'll get to a
point where they need professional help
and I recommend that go get professional
help if you need it for something like
cigarettes no I think that once you get
over that hump whatever it might be that
first week or first year and you know
you could even give yourself a crutch
that's the thing about cigarettes that's
easier is it really is true that there
are things that help you whether it's
the nicotine patch or the nicotine gum
or the my candy cigarettes like that
will help somebody and that's one of the
reasons I hate like you know how people
were trying to lump in the e-cigarettes
with regular cigarettes and act like
they're just as bad
like ireally is bad though they they
might be bad but it is like logically
impossible for them to be as bad as
cigarettes because cigarettes have like
over 900 chemicals and some of them are
known to cause cancer whereas you only
have like vapor and nicotine like
flavored vapor and nicotine in the east
of yoga vape pens and all that [ __ ] so
that's the thing let's say first let's
say for what we learned that it's bad
okay well there's like [ __ ] at least
200 different chemicals and cigarettes
that are bad so you have one chemical
and these cigarettes that are bad and
you think that's now it's equal that's
not equal I'm close to equal so even if
there are negative health effects to
vaping
it's just significantly less than
[ __ ] it's like saying always caffeine
bad well yeah if you have too much
caffeine okay is it equal to cocaine no
it's not like this is not the same thing
so it's just another level of douchiness
with vaping like we also in San Diego I
saw like someone vaping he did his vape
and then blew it out and like this whole
cloud of like his [ __ ] thing do it
cross the street he literally did it on
one side of the street and the whole
cloud went up and like went across the
street and I was just like that guy is
such a [ __ ] loser like why what's the
point of doing that so like I just I
mean I've never vaped I just don't get
it like like have a piece of gum or some
[ __ ] do you really need to blow that
whole [ __ ] dust cloud into the
[ __ ] air I'm grumpy
well some people some people say the
opposite of
I was saying which is oh no it's used as
a gateway to smoking cigarette so in
other words teams will be introduced to
like some delicious cherry soda flavor
vapor yeah and then eventually they're
smoking you know Newports on a Sunday
that yeah well that's my point is it
worked the opposite with me where I went
from cigarettes to the to vaping nothing
you know so I just think it's a better
product than than cigarettes and I don't
like that they're trying to treat it
exactly like it's cigarettes yeah it
just strikes me as like the government
trying to do too much and be like the
nanny state and try to be like no no
we're gonna tell you what's right and
what's wrong and this is not okay it's
like yeah you're talking about do you
yeah you know they don't know basic [ __ ]
it's like when they did the crackdown on
kratom and then at least these reports
and they're like it is an opiate it's
like well no not really it might affect
the same receptors but it doesn't have
the same effects as that so it's really
misleading to say that and then they
list like oh all these overdoses from it
and then you read the cases and it's
like somebody was was high and drunk on
like nine different drugs and they're
just blaming the kratom and it's like oh
you guys just don't know what the [ __ ]
you're talking about it's like you're
trying to come to these conclusions but
you just don't know what the [ __ ] you're
talking about and you didn't even bother
to like talk to experts or people who
are you in using it and have a lot of
anecdotal experience you know it's just
they're just [ __ ] making [ __ ] up it's
just weird I mean seeing people that are
so broke or like homeless people or
people that don't have that much money
spending twelve dollars on a pack of
cigarettes and like you said sometimes
people smoke twice two packs a day it's
like I like I spent that number seven at
White Castle was like fourteen dollars I
can't imagine doing yeah fourteen
dollars hard to spend fourteen dollars
at a fast food joint I know I know I was
a little shocked that it was fourteen
dollars and I was a little like upset at
myself not for eating all the food but
you spend in the fourteen dollars what
so what's the limit at a fast food place
before you go whoa
I think $14 is important it was like
yeah I was gonna say like ten like ten
once you hit ten at a fast food place
it's like what am I doing here
I would say 11 yeah 11 to 14 I don't
think I'm gonna do that again 14 I'm
gonna go back to my like number one [ __ ]
which is like nine which is still a
little diesel didn't McDonald's bring
back the dollar menu Dave always had it
I think they like cha dad went away with
it for a minute oh did that they did
yeah he's got like a dollar menu thing
and then they have a two dollar menu
thing now and then they have a three
dollar menu thing which is just like
they have certain menus for $1 $2 $3 and
one of them is like just two chicken
strips that should just be like 12 cents
no but I think it's on like the I think
that's on like the $3 menu because
they're like damn buttery crispy it's
like a difference oh it's like a
delicious one yeah okay
there was McDonald's got in trouble cuz
like I think their salads where there
was something poisonous or some recall
in their salad or some [ __ ] so they're
like we're just gonna stop serving
salads now well everyone everybody's
probably like finally you're [ __ ]
doing that you're your McDonald's like
you can't like you can't do that it's
like a health food place selling whiskey
or [ __ ] yeah I've always been a dollar
menu devotee like I'm a dollar menu kind
of guy yeah but we've always spent so
much money on the dollar menu that like
we could have been better off maybe
buying something else but then next you
know because yeah get a variety of [ __ ]
off the dollar menu what I used to crush
when I was like let's probably like 19 I
used to go to McDonald's go to the
dollar menu and I could crush like two
cheeseburgers to make chickens large
fries and two apple pies I could just
how salwar would it be on the dollar
menu because they'd think I would I
would just be like yeah I don't want
small I want large they even did value
fries I feel like even it feels like
like 40 cents more some [ __ ] I'd be like
Matt I got a stick to the dollar thing I
respect that though cuz that's real
dollar menu loyalty yeah that's like I'm
going with that because it's right there
on the dollar menu whereas I was just in
fat ass mode and I was like because I
would eat it wouldn't matter what I ate
I just wouldn't gain the weight like it
would I could eat anything I just watch
it wouldn't gain weight that's how I was
I just wouldn't
no matter what now that there's a
certain there's a certain age I don't
know if it's an age or like just it just
happens but you'll start gaining weight
oh yeah of course I mean obviously I had
already hit that point at some point but
yeah I'm saying when I was 19
whatever we want literally anything I
could eat all day every day and I
wouldn't gain weight it was crazy same
yeah so I was a legendary eater me me
and and my friend Bobby you know this
core did you ever do with us we called
it the tour well I've heard of it I
never did it you heard it that's so
funny it's like we would be like God
wouldn't what's the [ __ ] in sports when
you win every every the Grand Slam the
Grand Slam even bigger than that and we
called it the tour what we would do is
and this is how much of a fat ass I was
and this is how terrible my health
probably is we would go to every single
fast-food place and get one thing from
each fast-food place and let's see the
ones in the area so obviously we don't
have like every fast-food place in our
area but we go to all the ones that were
within reason so we go to KFC get a now
we get is the I think it's called the
snacker like the chicken sandwich yeah
McDonald's I forgot what I got from
McDonald's it was either a cheeseburger
it was ruas fries mm-hmm Taco Bell this
is all in the same Patrol like all in
the same name google maps like you're
added stops and so I got a gordita
Bernie and Burger King I know there was
one more I'm not sure if it was Burger
King or not it was probably Wendy's yeah
I was gonna say maybe whammies Wendy's I
think I may have gotten to junior bacon
cheeseburger from Wendy's and the fries
from McDonald's oh and I just saw em and
then you eat sit there and you eat it
all and then we'll do weight or you'll
eat your McDonald's on the way to church
you're not allowed to eat it as you keep
going and that's about me you can think
that was like I can't trust anyone who's
not eating out of the [ __ ] bag before
they leave the drive-through that's what
I was gonna say too is I'm I've always
been the kind of person where as I'm
pulling up to the the window I'm like
I'm gonna wait and eat this at home and
then the second it's in my car I start
eating it
it's impossible it's impossible it's
impossible to not it's just a human
reaction that's almost like my cigarette
smoking I cannot I guess I can't not put
my hand in a bag well you smell it when
you smell the fries or the flippin
burgers
anyone gets their food like the bag from
the lady at the window and that [ __ ] has
fries chillin at the top of it or like
the taco wrappers starting to open a
little bit or some [ __ ] and you don't
reach into that bag before not even
before you leave did you like that no
