what's up [ __ ] I hope all you can see
me this is a little weird and I'll
explain why in a second
so I went to fire up this live stream
from my work PC and that didn't work
didn't work because I'm used to doing my
live stream on my Mac and the Mac is
getting repaired at the moment I see you
guys are in here cuz I could see the
comments but umm so I was gonna do this
live stream on the Mac but the Mac of
course is broken it's getting repaired
so I try to do it on the PC coming to
find out the browser I use doesn't allow
you to livestream so it was a little bit
of a pain in the ass but um anyway here
we are now I fired it up on my phone so
it should work and it looks like it's
working but I'm not sure what the
situation is gonna be exactly with the
live streaming 10 oh wait no that's it
looks like we got that taken care of too
ok yes ok wonderful wonderful wonderful
wonderful the [ __ ] that I gotta do to
make all this flow nicely anyway alright
enough with the personal technological
issues and stuff I got this everybody
was complaining about the shakiness if I
hold it so I got this on the stand
thingy and that appears to be helping so
yeah I can't wait to get the Mac back
man I missed the [ __ ] man already
Jesus Christ return of the Mac not only
is that a good song that's a good thing
that I can't wait to happen I feel like
the cameras all up in my grill too like
I wish I could push it further back but
I actually can't do that because I need
the phone to be close to me alright so
what did I want to talk about today a
lot of stuff going on the next regular
secular talk show will be on Monday so
there's a we're back to the regular
grind on
I'm actually really looking forward to
getting back on air the regular way
because I have a lot of stories that I
want to talk about and I just kind of
missed the routine and the structure of
the way it usually goes I mean the LA
trip was fun and everything but you know
I feel like it's time to just hop back
on that regular schedule because I'm I'm
a guy who's kind of obsessed with
schedule and organization to begin with
so the next actual secular talk show
will be on Monday but I did want to do a
quick livestream today later on I'll
answer your guys Super chats if you have
questions about politican or the LA trip
or Rogan or TYT or whatever and I'll
apologize in advance for when I
inevitably miss like half of the Super
chats because apparently every single
time I've ever done a secular talking
smack livestream I've always missed some
Super chats so my bad on that upfront
it's never on purpose it always just
ends up happening okay weird but anyway
so let's talk a little bit about the big
news over the past few days there's now
been a number of far-right wing attacks
and it's really scary because there's
been so many and such such a short time
frame and this reminds me of that
Department of Homeland Security study
that came out I think it was in 2009
that said look out because there's a
rising threat of violent far-right wing
terrorists and they gave the number that
71% of the attacks or the attacks and
the attempted attacks post 9/11 have
been from far-right wing groups whether
they're white supremacist groups or
sovereign citizens or just
anti-government extremists so now we're
seeing some of that happening and of
course there was the Maggie bomber come
to find out the guy who was doing all
the who sent the the pipe bombs to
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama and
George Soros and Joe Biden and Maxine
Waters and all these people he was a big
Trump supporter now it goes without
saying that doesn't mean that all Trump
voters are all
Trump fans or whatever are our bad
people but this guy in particular was an
extremist and he absolutely positively
loved Trump he had you know Magda bumper
stickers all over his his van and he had
Michael Moore and cross hairs and
apparently he had a history of abuse
abusing people on Twitter and he ended
up becoming a terrorist there was a
gradual slide into radicalization that
was pretty apparent if you look at
everything that was happening on his on
his social media feeds
so that was one instance of that and
then today we have basically a terror
attack slash mass shooting where we have
a lot of casualties there's at least
eight people who were killed in a
synagogue in Pittsburgh and I think they
already identified the guy who did it
the guy who did it is a no violent
neo-nazi basically they have his profile
from gab gab actually scrubbed it and
deleted the evidence but there's of
course all that stuff is archived anyway
so come to find out he was a massive
far-right wing extremist he was a
neo-nazi he apparently as he was in the
process of killing nearly a dozen Jews
and a synagogue he was saying all Jews
must die and it's terrible man this
stuff is terrible this stuff is gross
and it makes no sense it makes no sense
I wanted to talk a little bit about the
ideology that feeds characters like this
because I feel like that's really
important the white supremacist
subculture online is just the swamp and
it's so scummy and it's kind of crazy
that that these ideologies have grown in
recent times and there are so many holes
in their arguments that I'm amazed that
anybody's even attracted to them in the
first place so the most important point
to me is that these are the same people
who say black people are inferior
because they have low IQs
but then they also go on to say that
Jewish people are inferior even though
they have high IQs so these kind of
characters are big into like you know
junk science the [ __ ] eugenics
garbage and they genuinely believe that
you know hey it's a legitimate
conversation to discuss average group
IQs but it's hilarious because they're
accusing black people of having low IQs
and saying that's why they're terrible
and we need to get rid of them but
Jewish people have high IQs and that's
why they're terrible and we need to get
rid of them and it's amazing to me that
they don't catch themselves in that
giant logic fail and they also
hilariously say that well listen Asian
people have high IQs but we don't want
them in our ethnos state and we're gonna
refuse to call them we're gonna refuse
to call ourselves inferior but you're
saying blacks are inferior and you say
blacks have low IQs you say you also
have low IQs compared to Asians but
you're not an Asian supremacist which
seems to make no sense because if you're
actually following your own logic to its
conclusion you would be on the
extermination side of the equation when
it comes to Asians versus whites see
it's just it's it's it's so absurd
because these are also the same kinds of
people who love to bash lefties for
doing identity politics and it's like
why how can you bash them for doing
identity politics and then you buy into
identity politics as well you just buy
into vicious far right-wing white
identity politics so listen I'm a simple
dude and I've always said you should
judge people as individuals you
shouldn't judge people and just lump
them in with a group and draw
conclusions based on that I think the
most rational thing to do is to just
judge people as individuals but these
guys hilariously go out to the left and
say you guys judge people as groups as
they play white identity politics and
they judge people as groups and they're
so caught up in these conversations
about average IQ and [ __ ] who's good
news/bad it's like Jesus Christ what a
giant waste of time man and the
radicalization is now we're now seeing
that destruction unfold in front of our
eyes man is really creepy and I mean
what can you say people were absolutely
massacred people were were murdered in
cold blood and this is a terrorist
attack that is what this is so I've seen
a lot of terrible responses already on
Twitter there's one dude who I just
responded to maybe some of you saw it
he's saying he's blaming the left for
this of course because the left is to
blame for absolutely everything ever
according to these clowns and by the way
the guy who tweeted that is he trains
police officers he trains police
officers and he was doing the typical
tap dance of light did you know that
Hitler was a lift Hitler was a lefty and
he was a socialist and this guy who did
this attack bought into Marxism or
something I mean I'm so sick of the
people who play partisan hack games all
day long like you how is it that you can
never admit ever that there's ever been
a right-winger who's been bad or dunker
has done something evil or wrong it's
just it's so [ __ ] childish but that's
really the point we're at where she's
always you know finger-pointing and and
blaming and Grill the [ __ ] up man
it shouldn't be that hard to say and
we're at the point now where we we
obviously have to fight old battles in
the sense that we have to relitigate the
whole and rehash the whole Nazis or bad
thing you would think that that was that
was decided in the [ __ ] 1940s but no
we're right back to that and the people
who ironically claim to be most American
oftentimes or the people who go down
this slippery slope and fall into
extremism whether it be waving a
confederate flag and they were literal
traitors the United States of America or
sometimes embracing overtly white
nationalist politics if not in this case
the guy was a flat-out neo-nazi so it's
just terrible and my heart breaks when I
see this stuff and I
hope we don't see more of it but you
never [ __ ] know man there's been a
lot of radicalization that's happened
online so my heart goes out to everybody
who was impacted by this terrorist
attack and make no mistake it as a
terrorist attack there's already talk
about oh it's gonna be charged as a hate
there's gonna be hate crime that's what
this is okay fair enough I guess you
could say his hate crime because he
targeted them because they're Jewish
but he's doing political violence
against civilians that's the definition
of terrorism political or religious
violence against civilians so I hope
people call it what it is and recognize
the threat that it is and now you have
you know people on the right scrambling
at least the elected officials I should
say scrambling to say like okay violence
is always wrong don't do this violence
listen man I was tweeting about this
last night all political pundits even if
they're the happiest of all hacks like
people like Sean Hannity we should all
make a point to bring up the violence's
in the answer because I think that often
times pundits just assume that the
audience gets that but no there are
gonna be some people and granted it's a
tiny fringe of any audience but there
are gonna be some people who are like no
I actually think violence is the answer
and we should all make the point that
violence isn't the answer in my mind the
only time violence is justified is for
self-defense for if there's an imminent
threat of attack against you so you have
to respond and I just don't see these
clarifications made by almost anybody in
the political dialogue and it's
maddening but the and you know the thing
is one could make an argument that it's
like well we have a violent culture
anyway and that kind of feeds into stuff
like this and I think that's kind of
true like we casually accept the bombing
of people overseas but then people try
to draw arbitrary lines around like hey
we just shouldn't do violence here
against each other well no you also
shouldn't be doing the violence against
the people overseas you shouldn't be
bombing those eight different countries
Yemen was not about to attack us and
we're defending ourselves that's not
what happened and there's obviously the
various forms of domestic political
violence is accepted on the far right
whether it be police brutality or things
of that
Guantanamo Bay torture and stuff like
that so it's almost like we have a
culture of violence to an extent and I
always avoid those cultural based
arguments but I think there's a degree
of truth in that point so we need a
total realignment of our priorities in
our morality and we're nowhere near
having the proper discussion in this
country and we're nowhere near trying to
foster the proper value system and I
think we're seeing the terrible
situation unfold in front of us right
now okay so like I said I will take your
super chats in a little bit right now I
just want to run through some of the
quick things I wanted to talk to you
guys about but hold your fire on those
super chats I'll let you guys know when
I'll be taking them and should maybe be
I don't know 20 minutes or so from now
all right I just watched the MIT Romney
Netflix documentary which I wanted to
see for a long time and I hadn't been he
and I didn't see it and I'm happy I
watched it because what it showed me is
that Mitt Romney is exactly the guy that
I thought he was and almost the exact
caricature that the left has made him
out to be in fact I think that this kind
of proves that Mitt Romney is that
entitled Thurston Howell robot that you
know we joke about so there's a few
things that struck me in the Netflix
documentary first of all he genuinely
thought he couldn't lose he really
thought he couldn't lose he was
convinced both he and his camp were
convinced no no we got this and I'm
talking about when he ran in 2012 and
when he was against Barack Obama and the
level of delusion man that it takes to
think like oh no I got this dude you're
Mitt Romney everything about you sounds
fake and over-coached
but they were so convinced and this
shows you how deep that right-wing
bubble is they were so convinced that oh
my God look at all this news about Obama
that's negative because he probably
watched his Fox News all day and he was
so deep in there right
we bubble that he thought like no sure
you see seriously it's gonna be easy
because I'm being told in my own bubble
that everybody hates Obama so yeah I'm
just gonna [ __ ] do a cake walk into
the end zone here there's gonna be like
nothing so this goes to show you that
that anti intellectualism is pervasive
on the right it's not like it's just a
you know a tiny fringe of the right it
it's also like the establishment
politicians on the right who are
generally viewed in mainstream media I
was like no no they're acceptable like
ah Mitt Romney's acceptable Trump is
horrible but Romney's acceptable he's up
his own ass and he's in his own world
and he's unable to view reality
objectively cuz the poll showed the
opposite as well I mean that's another
important point is that the polls in the
MIT Romney versus Obama race they had
Obama up the overwhelming majority of
the time but he was still so convinced
there was gonna be a cakewalk even on
the [ __ ] night of the election they
thought he was gonna win so I thought
that was amazing it was seriously is
amazing that he thought I can't lose
this okay the other thing is repeatedly
in the documentary he made the point
that was that big scam remember what he
said all 47% of the country's gonna vote
for Obama no matter what and they're
gonna want their free stuff and they're
gonna take from the producers and all
that he said that repeatedly behind the
scenes of the Netflix documentary where
he basically said oh the path were going
down we're gonna have the rich people
taxed too much and free stuff given
everybody else unbelievable that that's
his framing it's like no [ __ ] we have
as of right now the richest 6 people
have more wealth than the bottom 50% of
the world combined
we have record levels of wealth and
income inequality I mean we're talking
about one family the Walton family six
people they have more than 40% of the
United States combined and we could you
know go through fact after fact half of
workers in America make $30,000 a year
or less and this guy looks at this
current political climate an economic
climate and he's like ah we gotta give
the rich guy another break and all of
these
all these moochers and parasites they
just want free stuff and he said that
over and over behind the scenes like oh
my god look at the path we're going on
he thinks he's some sort of savior by
stepping in and saying I'm gonna defend
the rich people I mean the the level and
degree to which just run-of-the-mill
politicians on the right have bought
into this ridiculous Iran framing of the
situation is comical so it's funny
because when he got caught with the 47%
comment
he basically oh my god I'm gonna clarify
it I'm gonna backpedal - say this I'm
gonna say that but no he really believes
that and in the documentary that's
proven because he kept saying it over
and over he also was obsessing over like
the tax the specific tax rate for rich
people he was citing some you know
article on whatever daily call or
something like that and saying oh when
you account for all the money this um
you guys still see me okay I just got
the low battery thing that's not good
[Music]
okay I just plugged it in hopefully that
will work now um so he was obsessing
over the tax rate like oh my god there's
some people in like New York or
California or whatever all told they
would end up paying sixty five percent
of their money the government again I
find that framing so misleading because
what he doesn't tell you is well how
much money do these people actually
taking home and these are of course big
business owners and big business owners
you know they could you know maybe some
dude makes thirty five million dollars a
year but Mitt Romney's framing of it is
not holy [ __ ] this guy's taking home
thirty five million dollars a year you
know lucky him he can get basically
whatever he wants and he's rich beyond
his wildest imagination and he doesn't
have to worry about money from now until
he dies his framing is but oh my God
look at the [ __ ] rate he paid in
taxes and I'm at the point now where I
feel like any discussion of just the tax
rate without talking about the raw
income that they take home is
fundamentally misleading like that is
fundamentally misleading
to say
you know oh my god a 50% tax rate a 50%
tax rate how unreasonable is that well
guys it [ __ ] depends if somebody has
two billion dollars and you say okay I'm
gonna let you keep 1 billion of it and
I'm gonna go take the other billion and
give people health care and build roads
and give people an education and give
people pay vacation time by law I would
look at that and go that seems perfectly
reasonable to me the idea that just [ __ ]
harping away on that rate as if that's
the whole conversation
I honestly think that's stupid like it's
is it that easy to mislead people we're
all you got to do is focus on the rate
and then they think oh that's that's it
that's the first and last data point I
need in the conversation and then the
the final thing about the Romney
documentary is there's one point where
he [ __ ] repeatedly about being called
out for flip-flopping and I thought that
