we have another five new Justice
Democrats for you I don't know why I'm
speaking like that so these people just
like all the other candidates that we've
introduced I think are absolutely
awesome I'm gonna give you some
specifics here some quotes about them
I'll show you some ads but this is
really exciting so first we have Breanna
Westbrook she's running in Arizona's 8th
district and she is a superstar I know
that the guys were super impressed with
Breanna so she wants to implement the
people's platform she's for automatic
voter registration she's for college for
all she's for a $15 minimum wage a wall
street tax listen to this quote from her
because you're gonna notice a theme here
and the theme is very aggressive and
populist left so she says quote we must
stop prioritizing corporate profits and
ensure health care for every American
through a single-payer system the time
is now right now the Affordable Care Act
Obamacare was a step in the right
direction in many regards but they are
an inherent flaw in Obamacare is clear
as long as those seeking to maximize
corporate profits are allowed to
determine how health care coverage works
there will always be sick people who are
forced to make some of life's most
difficult choices okay so that sounds
like me that sounds like me going on a
rant about the incentive structure
problem within our current health care
system that's exactly the point she's
making here that the cancer within the
system the virus or the disease within
our system is the for-profit private
health insurance companies and I've
often said you know how the Republicans
you screw about death panels under
Obamacare oh my god death panels death
panels they already exist the death
panels are the for-profit
insurance companies because they have an
incentive to not give out care as much
as possible not pay out on claims and
this is why medical bills is one of the
top causes of bankruptcy in the country
because how do they make more money by
denying more claims so they try to
weasel out of paying for care in any way
possible
and this is exactly what Briana
Westbrook is pointing out isn't it
refreshing to hear somebody running for
office saying something that you don't
hear many people say this is like an
open secret how broken our health care
system is and the exact dynamics of it
are almost never brought up by
politicians well now Briana's here and
she's saying no let me tell you exactly
what the problem is and this is why we
need to fix it now she's running against
representative Trent Franks
for those of you who know who that is
you just probably recoiled you're like
Oh Trent Franks because this guy is out
of his mind we've covered multiple
stories on this guy in the years that
secular talk has been around because he
often makes news for how stupid he is so
first of all he's against stem-cell
research you know not a [ __ ] n you want
to cure diseases that's sorry we can't
do that because I have in extreme
opposition to any abortion reproductive
health care at any level again stem-cell
research which is clearly anti science
voted no on the reauthorization of the
Violence Against Women Act huh
so don't get mad when when we call you
anti woman because exactly what you are
the Violence Against Women Act is a very
important piece of legislation it has a
sunset provision on it so every now and
then needs to be reaped every time all
the reasonable people vote for it Trent
Frank said no now why did the
Republicans try to stop it this time
around from being reauthorized they said
yeah you know we support the Violence
Against Women Act but it you know this
time around they added a provision that
said we also want to protect LGBTQ women
and
Native American women and we think that
goes too far what I'm not kidding
very important piece of legislation sets
up a domestic abuse hotline so when
something like that's happening oh my
god I need help you call it I mean he
voted no we voted no okay inconceivable
but that's what he did he also voted for
the Patriot Act say bye-bye to your
constitutional rights he supports a
constitutional amendment to ban gay
marriage
he's not just a standard douchebag
Republican on the issue of gay rights he
wants to go above and beyond and put it
in the Constitution that we can never
have gay marriage he voted to ban the
EPA from regulating greenhouse gases so
I don't want the EPA to do environmental
protection he voted YES on slashing
Medicare and Medicaid with the Ryan
budget he voted YES on most of the
outsourcing deals including CAFTA and
the free trade deal with Singapore for
example this guy thinks Isis is working
with Iran to nuke America so apparently
he has no clue how the Middle East works
you know he doesn't get that Iran is a
Shia isis is fundamental as sunni
they're fighting each other no they're
working together I don't know they're
Muslims so they're bad enough and
they're working together and his
probably the grossest story about him he
said on TV by the way that abortion is
worse than slavery so anyway it goes
without saying
Brianna needs to destroy this lunatic so
let's put a priority on that now the
next justice Democrat candidate this guy
has an amazing story his name's Colin
Allred he's running in the 32nd district
of Texas he played in the NFL for five
seasons what played in the NFL for five
seasons then when he was done with that
you know what he did
he went back to law school so he's in
law school I guess Danny went to the NFL
was there for five seasons said he lived
his dream got out went back to law
school and then became a civil rights
attorney what an amazing person that's
ridiculous I've never heard a story like
that before in my life and of course as
a justice Democrat taking no corporate
PAC money for Medicare for all free
college living wage you go down the list
really really impressive guy then we
have Jenny Marshall who's running in
North Carolina's fifth district and we
got a little bit of everything so I just
told you the amazing backstory of Colin
Allred well Jenny Marshall you know what
she does she's a public schoolteacher
she's a teacher and she works with labor
unions as an organizer as well so
working-class person wants to fight for
the people listen to some of her points
here she says quote ban for-profit
prison systems which lobby for laws to
arrest jail and detain in order to keep
prison beds full repeal the failed war
on drugs and eliminate mandatory
minimums which produced disparities
between the sentences of black and white
people ban fracking and eliminate the
EPA fracking loophole for oil and gas
companies and again as a justice
Democrat no corporate PAC money met for
Medicare for all free college living
wage you name it so all these candidates
are absolutely stellar and then for the
last two candidates here I'm gonna shut
the [ __ ] up and I'm gonna let you guys
take a look at what they're about in
their own words in this race I am
fighting to get corporate power out of
politics and to get representation for
this district that responds to
constituents needs instead of two big
donors and their PAC donations
I am Derrick crow I'm running for
Congress in the 21st District of Texas I
got into this race because I think
people deserve a representative that
seriously addresses the challenges that
they face in their future and in their
present
and I don't believe our current
representation does that we need people
in Congress who understand that the
influence of money in politics apart are
hurting their ability to represent their
constituents people deserve to know that
they are participating in an actual
representative democracy not an auditor
so when most people want a policy and it
doesn't violate other people's rights
then we're gonna get that policy enacted
into law hi I'm Derek crow I'm running
for Congress in the 21st District of
Texas I'm not taking any corporate PAC
money and that's why I need your support
please donate today
[Music]
i'm brent welder i'm sick and tired of
big corporations calling the shots in
washington i'm running for congress to
change it I won't accept one penny of
corporate PAC money for my campaign
because I want to work for the people of
Kansas third District not Wall Street
CEOs here in the third congressional
district voters saw through Donald Trump
but Republican congressman Kevin Yoder
continues to ignore us and keeps voting
for Trump's corporate Washington agenda
my wife Christie and I our labor lawyers
we've spent our careers fighting the
biggest readiest corporations and now
that we're parents the future of our
country has taken on a whole new
importance we met as community
organizers fighting block by block for
higher wages and health care for all I
went on to work around the country with
Barack Obama Bernie Sanders and the
first Iraq war veteran elected to
Congress last year I worked with
national democratic party leaders to
pass the most progressive platform in
history to make America work for
everyone we need fundamental change in
Washington I'll fight to raise the
minimum wage to $15 an hour because no
one who works full-time should live in
poverty all vote to wipe out corrupt tax
loopholes for giant corporations and
billionaires instead of cutting
insurance for 22 million people all work
to get every woman man and child in
America the same health care that
Congress gives themselves the big
corporations and CEOs are going to be
gunning for me in this campaign I need
your help your energy and your
enthusiasm let's show the corporations
and billionaires their millions of
dollars are no match for you that
America already is great and now we're
coming to clean up Washington once and
for all
[Music]
you know what's incredible let me make
an embarrassing admission here like I
know because I look at the polls and I
cover the stuff all the time
that there are more people out there
that agree with us than disagree with us
you know 61% of the American people want
Medicare for all
61% also want to legalize marijuana 58
percent one free college I think 60
percent want to raise taxes on the rich
only 17% as of 2013 still wanted to be
in Afghanistan that's an indication that
all these you know wars of aggression
the American people don't want him so I
know that there are more people with us
than against us but when we started the
Justice Democrats thing it's all
theoretical to a certain extent when you
look at the numbers on the page but then
when you put it out there and say okay
guys let's let's do this let's let's
have you guys become candidates and then
we're gonna fight to take over Congress
here take over the Democratic Party make
the Democratic Party you stop taking the
big money
let's have Bernie sander style
politicians elected when you say it it's
one thing when you see it in action it's
another thing and you go holy [ __ ] there
are so many people out there who would
make amazing politicians because they
actually care if they care about the
people and for us the proof is in the
pudding and it's it's in the recipe of
how we're doing this thing so when we
say no corporate PAC money and when we
say listen we don't want big donor money
we want small dollar donations from
regular people from a lot of them so
that we can stay competitive but we want
to make it so that people are guaranteed
to be beholden to the people they're
supposed to represent when we say that
you know it gives you the reassurance
and it gives you the trust ones last
time you trusted
politician but but when you bake it into
the cake that hey this is these are the
rules and then they abide by those rules
well then you actually can trust them
and what you see is that there are so
many people that are just like Bernie
Sanders who are out there who want to
make a difference who want to fight for
the right things and then if you know
it's really overwhelming when you read
about all them or when you watch their
ads like those right there and it gives
you hope and it lets you know that
there's power in numbers and we can
actually do this thing we can actually
do it but again the biggest downside is
that we are at an institutional dis
event disadvantage and that disadvantage
is in what's called the money primary
which is whoever raises the most money
is taken the most seriously can run the
most ads can get their name out there
more and they're more likely to win all
of our opponents are flush with
corporate money billionaire money and
that does give them a distinct advantage
so like all these candidates that we
have are amazing people but will we get
the word out there enough you know will
we be will we be able to make it spread
like wildfire like it should and it's
tough because you have you know not only
national media against you because they
try to not cover this as much as
possible you know but you're downplayed
and ignored like Politico and they said
Bernie Sanders style of Democrats are
giving the Hillary wing a pass what are
you talking we've done the exact
opposite from the day the election ended
but they just they run with the
narrative that you know they pretend is
the case even like local media outlets
oftentimes don't give us the coverage
that we deserve so that means it's
simply a matter of you guys it's
basically on the internet and you guys
to you know spread it through
word-of-mouth to donate time to donate
money small dollar donations to get us
into the endzone because I want to be
able to do the endzone dance when this
is all said and done and say I see I
[ __ ] told you man I
told you that we could do it so by the
way this new slate of candidates here if
you want to donate to them it's Jade M's
dot us slash for the win
Jade M's dot us slash for the win they
had a goal I think the goal was 15,000
or 17,000 or so in 24 hours which in the
context of these races you know that's
they're just getting started there but
it's the least we could do we're trying
to help them out as much as possible
they're amazing candidates and bottom
line is the revolutions here it's
happening right now so it's just a
matter of are we gonna are we gonna
follow through you know are we gonna
follow through and we're out to prove
something we're out to prove that the
the uncorrupted populace left always
beats the right and we're out to prove
that when you make the Democratic Party
what it's supposed to be all along they
can win and like I said a million times
we have more allies outside the party
than inside the party but that's okay
because we're doing a hostile takeover
the party and we understand that their
independence who are agree with us on
policy but want to stay outside the
party by all means we're still your ally
if you're in the green party if you're
in Democratic Socialist if you're
whatever however you want to try to fix
the system and get the proper policies
implemented like Medicare for all living
wage so on and so forth we're with you
but the wheels are in motion okay so now
we need you more than ever
I'll say it one more time Jay Dems dot
slash for the win these people are
amazing and it would be I mean how great
will it feel if we win these races I
want to have that feeling I want you to
have that feeling with me so let's go do
it
