[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
everybody introduce themselves let us
bury Margo's and just tell us who you
are why you're here and where you from
and then if you want one fun fact about
yourself
my name is Marcos malicious I am the
founder of d-glucose which is online
actually and I'm here because we have a
lot of work to dinner this whatever
you're interested so that's what hearing
 that cut myself I when I was in
high school in suburban Chicago I
[Applause]
[Music]
did Mark South Carolina where we have
three stoplights in a blinking light so
very nice to be here today I was in the
South Carolina State House of
Representatives for nearly a decade are
transferred to the governor in 2014 and
the reason I'm here with you guys today
is because I didn't like that race one
fun fact about myself is I went to law
school because they outside of the only
exam that doesn't have
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
alright let me just start by addressing
forgive upon the elephant in the room
this is a panel asking the question
should we be socialists there are no to
my knowledge socialists on this panel
and and I think I think to a certain
extent people up here are interested in
some socialistic policies about 7 degree
or another for the sake of this panel I
think the the idea of socialism is
different
and speak too but for the sake of this
panel socialism will meet the total
Democratic control of the means of
production small T not the Democratic
Party means control of production and I
should just say a lot of minds of my
point about socialism changing if you
look at the Socialist Party platform
from 1912 which listener sent me many of
the proposals that were proposed at that
time we now see already implemented in
the country a five-day workweek an
eight-hour workday no child labor
something to along the lines of Social
Security minimum wage
freedom of the press was already there
progressive income tax and so what I'd
like this panel to look at is to what
extent should we embrace socialistic
policies and to what extent as those of
us on the web as within the context of
electoral politics were you know a month
away less from 2018 midterms to what
extent should we embrace the labels of
socialism and the policies from an
electoral standpoint but where the
houses are like to do now starting
identities just give us a sense without
justifying it where you are on that
spectrum from the left to the idea of
total democratic control the means of
production which would be basically the
major industries controlled by workers
perhaps the student so just give us a
sense so that we get a sense of where
everybody is over the spectrum sure I I
don't know exactly where I fall on that
spectrum but what I do know is that I'm
a proponent of a mixed economy so I do
believe that there are certain programs
that should be socialized whereas other
things should be left to private
industry so just to give you a quick
example I want to yeah I think that
prisons of course education
[Music]
so for me having actually served and
been an elected official I find myself
someone who understands and believes
that government should play a role when
we're promoting equality and fairness
and justice right and just like you and
I think everyone on this panel there is
no role for a for-profit prison system
not absolutely none right but they're
there for example it coming from the
poor rules out there are there are rules
with private industry there are roles
for a banana tree to come in supplement
what government is not doing well for
example and our public school systems in
the south many times we don't have the
opportunities one of the things I voted
for which I'm very proud of was with
some people we call corporate welfare
but it was a 750 million dollar package
we probably could have spend it
elsewhere but to bring Boeing to South
Carolina why was that important because
in the South you can't improve your
schools unless you bring an industry but
you can't bring industry in unless you
improve your schools and so here we are
attempting to kind of find that balance
but government should play a role when
we're talking about equality when we
talk
justice so I would say I'm largely in
agreement with what Anna said and what
David said I my personal politics or
more social democratic than anything
else but at the same time I think that
what needs to happen in this country we
need to shift the over to the window and
wave back to the left because as of
right now that over to the window is
pretty full right we have Democratic
politicians like Joe Manchin for example
the time that's an actual number that's
you know they track everything when you
have a democratic politician voting with
Trump 61% of time and you've had the
so-called moderate Republicans who vote
the Republicans eighty nine percent of
the time it's a rigged game so even
though I personally don't believe in the
social ownership of all of the means of
production I think there's actually a
space for that in the conversation where
people can drag that over to you go back
to the left because I think the only
blame actually dead social democratic
reform is if you have actual socialists
in the conversation because you're going
to find that middle ground you're going
to find that you know that's the
compromise point and I want the
compromise point to be Medicare football
free college living wage ending the wars
[Applause]
that point is to have people who are to
the left
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
absolutely sure can opener I really
liked that point because I think that
the left can actually use that framing
in that language car advantage because
oftentimes people say about the left oh
you guys just believe in big government
when in reality it depends what the
question is it depends what the issue is
so I actually wanted much smaller
government when it comes to the NSA for
example who's doing the world of spying
on everybody
I won't much smaller government when it
comes to the drug war and the fact that
we have people locked up when they
really shouldn't be locked up so I think
it's very anybody comes to something
like abortion most people on the Left
would say I've got about three more out
than the way that some regulations so I
feel like we can take that frame name of
freedom that we could use to our
advantage and the left never does that
they deceived the ground to the right
and let Danny define you know what isn't
isn't freedom and they get to pretend
like they're the only ones freedom I'll
argue exactly the opposite all right so
let's start with you because I think to
a certain extent the you know from your
perspective someone has run for office
to what extent should there be
socialistic message like how much it's
certainly I mean you know
talking for 15 years at a time we're
coming out using the word liberal was
completely derided by the way people
would run with the word liberal on the
left because of their fear of being
labeled right now to the extent that
there's any hesitation it usually at
work is because concerns from the left
[Music]
so I actually think it's it's vastly
different because I think that
individuals have to run their own races
in their particular space like you have
to run your own races wherever you are
whether or not it's school board or your
local elected office you have to be able
to fit the community that you're running
in that that's part because in order to
get to the values and policy points that
we want you have to be elected
so I differ slightly because
[Music]
because for me for me it's a practical
reality that if I want to Supreme Court
justice I have to have 51 United States
senators Brett and for me to give you
one United States senators I have that I
have to be a party of not just Bernie
Sanders and a little Elizabeth Warren
but also have to be a party of doug
jones of joe Manchin right and for me
that's a very practical reality because
we just went through an entire because
of you give you if for example when joe
Manchin leaves the United States Senate
you're not going to have anyone there
who espouses your beliefs or my beliefs
or anyone believes close to I think to
win in West Virginia I think dimension
is a big point of that is that the
reason that we have a cabin on the
reason that we are we do not have a
justice Merrick garland is because we do
not have the majority of the United
States Senate because you come on like
if we fight will get machardie yes that
sounds amazing
I mean to sidetrack you but what would
be the primary data
[Applause]
[Music]
by 49 points there's now a Democrat
leading by five points and the reason is
I'm in a district under
[Music]
[Applause]
the strategies that these witness the
strategy is that litmus test right
though strategy the strategy is that
litmus test no way
and the reason that they suck is that
because then if you were to have a
litmus test you would not have a United
States Senator that's a Democrat from
Alabama correct you would not have you
would not have a you would not have a
Stacey Abrams you would not have a
engine feeling you would not have these
individuals for able to be progressive
for their particular state and manage
their own values if we want to have a
litmus test then we then you can have a
litmus test all you want however you
will not be able to effectuate the
change that we want to stay
[Music]
so I think that the important thing to
focus on is not left versus right but
more importantly the issues that both
sides seem to care a lot about and those
are the populist issues so let me do an
example when Donald Trump was running
one of the things that he said over and
over again was that he was going to
protect Medicare then we do not want to
cut Medicare now that we've passed these
insane tax cuts for the wealthy there's
talk about cutting Medicare admitted
we're gonna have to cut these very
popular programs politicians don't want
to do it because it's popular that is
not a right versus left district that is
a populist issue so I think the issue
that we're having with some of the more
moderate Democrats is not that they're
trying to cater to their constituents
[Applause]
because Joe mentioned within the
Democratic Party the Challenger was from
the left eye
Joe Manchin I think I would say is
anything possible in terms of like this
panel we could separate to the left we
have two separate I think it's important
for the links to the sickness
conversation ideology from
I agree I will go further than any of
this panel
[Applause]
[Music]
you walk out in the hallway you're
concerned way to the left that's fine I
mean you know politics is movements
waves but this is this is when we talk
about messaging just from pure messaging
when you make swipes based on ideology
someone like brocco bomb right
that is when there is a large population
in this country that then says that we
don't want to hear the rest of the
message right and so and I thought was
just to your point when you were talking
about the politics of Nancy Pelosi and
Barack Obama and that's the reason we
have down tonight
you know I understand what you're saying
but from a messaging perspective I mean
if you want to have issues with whatever
the policy is that's fine but it's very
hard for people to what's that once that
swipe is Levin is very hard for people
who want to listen to the rest of the
message
that's all I'm saying and just I'm not
sure there's a data point for that one I
don't believe there is just name so the
thing that I'm concerned about it is I
don't want to ultimately leave
defeatists for left-wing populist Falls
that are overwhelmingly popular I want
people to acknowledge and recognize that
a lot of these left ideas are actually
really popular and oftentimes we'll just
kind of run away from them and act like
well obviously the right is correct and
their framing and we need to pretend
like they're not for Medicare for all
because we don't want to lose an
election but the reality is we look at
the polling data seventy percent of the
American people are for Medicare for all
[Applause]
[Music]
it's not the Democratic Party it seems
now I would say this is the the the
average Democrat running for Congress I
think that's embraced at least nominally
medicare-for-all let's say joe Manchin
for example just to use his keep using
his example let's say you came out
tomorrow for Medicare for all and as you
guys know me he would consider it okay
so let's say he actually gives a hard
yes on it do you think that will help
them in what's going to do the politics
necessary for there to be a difference
between the difference between 50 and 49
is exponential when we're talking about
the policies that all of us up here are
advocating the difference between 50
United States senators and 40 million
United States senators is huge and so my
only point is that whatever politics
mobily joe Manchin has to do to come
back we need Joe Manchin right there
because we need that deep from West
Virginia
we want to move towards you know a
socialistic policy why focus on the joe
Manchin's as opposed to let's say the
chuck schumer's and i would be reliably
safe blue state should there be you know
and there's there's two things that
separate leaders which actually one is
the argument is do politics very with
all this money would seem in terms of
the past thirty Republican judges which
is skated through chuck Grassley
bulldozer the facile versus versus the
the question of like is he for somebody
with money makes of a blue stain
sufficiently to the left to pull that
over to the window or the center of the
dinner party to the left reliably
again
that's when we fight these battles the
general election once known as a
nomination so for instance you have to
keep in mind that one of the most
important one of the most important
factors in being a competitor in
politics is may recognition and media
attention and it's incredible the type
of block game that new candidates have
to deal with when it comes to the media
didn't word out about what you know what
they advocate for what they stand for
what they're running on so that was an
issue that
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
example a perfect example of this and I
think that citizens united is like one
of the worst things to ever happen into
the United States of America however we
were talking about good candidates
winning races being able to achieve that
level of media attention good candidates
being able to win in those primaries
when I say I'm not a fan of unilateral
disarmament I don't want to take away
resources from them right I want to make
sure that Bernie did it I heard somebody
that cover Bernie did it correct but we
can count on one hand or two hands how
many candidates have been able to
actually do that and so while we well
democracy we also here are advocating
for very similar positions on the left
and I think the only difference we have
on that we have on stages I want to
actually make sure that individual get
elected to implement that change and
it's not just the platform that people
are running on I want them to have the
resources necessary it's actually get to
the finish line and win because then
they can get them at the platform that
we're talking about by team ASE one in a
blue district with 25,000 votes right
and that is very important replicated
across the country but it's obviously
possible in certain areas for anything
they build upon if we build upon our
successes let me ask this
I got one fact I got a drop on everybody
first directly it directly relates to
this so there was a great honor on
intercept that came out last week there
are four Congress people right now who
don't take corporate equity after the
next election there's going to be over
40 saying we're not going to take your
BS anymore that's what's moving the
party and I think this shows that you
when you tell the people
I'm not disagreeing with that I am I am
saying though that if you are in a poor
rural area right now you're running to
give somebody who's been established and
been there for 20 years right and it's
taking money from advance American name
all the bad actors that you could
possibly make right from payday lending
to private prisons etc etc and you're in
this poor area yes
you tell your constituency then did you
tell them that you have these grassroots
activists that believe in it right and
people are giving you all they hat I'm
just telling you that there are certain
parts in this country where all they
have will still not be enough to we're
all set we're also living in a fairly
energized tongue and the Russ Feingold
and if there was ever a a poster senator
for not taking it was so so the idea is
it is definitely possible the fact that
40 members of the house theoretically
could be in Congress come November
January we're not taking that we see
money where you know it's going to state
Senate races as well as hopefully it's
both sustainable and not that's because
they don't report we don't know they
don't abort theoretically could become a
senator from Texas and not only be
concerned you know the issues not just
how he raised money to get that sleep
but how his opponent six years from now
how much money they're able and how much
money's going to be spent during that
time
you can talk to any senator right
