what's up [ __ ] I'll let you boy so as
everybody knows I still don't know what
the [ __ ] I'm doing with these live
streams um ooh
there I am I heard myself in my ears I
have one person watching 26 people
watching gimme gimme gimme come on more
where y'all at
Kyle lookin like a snack wrong fake news
110 people watching can we get to a
thousand in the middle of the day we
about to find out [ __ ]
okay so let's try to figure out how did
I do this last time I think the super
chests just pop up right I mean so I'm
gonna take some super shots obviously in
a second if I could figure out what the
[ __ ] I'm doing again so somebody told me
after the fact last time that apparently
the $2 super chats don't pop up in like
the super chat area where you can read
the super chats so like you got to kind
of keep your eye out for the $2 Super
chats so I apparently I missed some
questions last time I still don't know
what the [ __ ] I'm doing so bear with me
I apologize if I miss people's questions
last time and I apologize in advance if
I miss any questions this time but
before we get in to the the super chat
stuff and as I'm talking to you I will
continue to click through to try to see
what the dealio is with the super shots
I don't remember when I click last time
but I do have a couple things I want to
talk about apart from that apart from
answering all y'all questions so um
somebody said Kyle DP is dead okay let
me touch on that for a little bit first
boom-shaka-laka have my money I will
take that $5 dishonest Abe thank you
drunken peasants yeah drunken peasants
is gone and went under yeah
it makes it sound like it went bankrupt
or something it didn't go bankrupt but
drunken peasants is TJ Kirk's podcast
apparently he's starting a new one soon
though which I look forward to checking
out I like drunken peasants I went on
drunken peasants probably three or four
times of course we had the debate on
drunken peasants against razörfist who
got razor fisted but all my appearances
on drunken peasants I liked I was a fan
of the show but you know the first
thought I had when that when TJ
announced that that's gone is like wow
and we take things for granted you know
what I mean like we take things for
granted like when it's happening you
just think like what do you mean this is
just gonna keep happening I don't
understand why like it's something that
exists and it's just it's not gonna stop
existing but then it stops existing and
you're like oh [ __ ] when that was
happening maybe I could have you know I
don't know cherished it a little more
and I think that might be something with
human nature that's just how human
nature is you just start taking [ __ ] for
granted so it's a shame but I'm sure TJ
will his new podcast I'm sure will be
good I don't know all the details of the
story but there may have been issues
behind the scenes as happens with
anything where human beings are involved
and there's multiple different
viewpoints and a dispersion of
responsibilities but yeah I'm sure TJ
will have a good new podcast and we will
all miss DP so our IP DP by the way how
weird is this the first video that pops
up on my thing is Kyle debates
conservative youtuber razörfist on
drunken peasants isn't that weird like
we're talk I'm talking about I mentioned
that we're talking about drunken
peasants and then it's just that's the
first recommended video Wow
this [ __ ] is getting kind of creepy okay
so while I still don't know what the
[ __ ] is going on with the super chats
and I probably won't be able to
figure it out this time cuz I'm a
dumbass oh there we go live control room
it popped up then now there we go this
is where I was last time so maybe I'll
get a good I'll get a good sense over
yeah if I happen to get some super chef
but so here's what I wanted to talk
about apart from answering your lovely
people's questions where's my little I
made a little tiny list here oh [ __ ] you
I clicked on the wrong thing here it is
okay so I was gonna tell this story on
air but I didn't have time
Holaday conversations with the family
listen I try man people get the wrong
impression of me from what I do of like
yeah I bet Kyle's the one that sits
around at Thanksgiving dinner or
Christmas dinner or whatever and he's
the one that brings up politics no [ __ ]
I don't bring it up at all I don't want
to talk about it I don't want to hear
about it for a variety of reasons but I
won't I won't really get into the
reasons but oftentimes it's brought up
to me family members will start talking
to me about it and then I can't help
myself because it's like look I'm I'm
happy you not talking about it but if
you bring up something and it's just
like ridiculous then what am i what am I
gonna do sometimes it is not to take it
and I'm not alone yeah sure whatever
I'm sure you're right yeah bama's birth
certificate ever but sometimes I can't
help myself so the conversation last
time and the reason why I'm bringing
this up is because it doesn't fit in
that regular category of like either
just totally dismiss it or not along or
zone out a family member had brought up
in the context of a conversation about
taxes a few points that should be
rebutted so first of all there's this
theory that he has which is just totally
made up that it's the Democrats are the
reason why the taxes aren't permanent on
people making $75,000 a year or less
what no so Republicans have a majority
[ __ ] everywhere and they use
reconciliation to get it through the
Senate so they just needed 50
votes to get it through the Senate so in
the house it's a ridiculous lead that
they have so they can put whatever the
[ __ ] they wanted in the bill they didn't
put permanent tax cuts for people making
$75,000 a year or less cuz they don't
want to put it in there they don't agree
with that um
and that should be obvious but no we
came up with this cockamamie theory of
like it's cuz the Democrats you know
they're the ones who wanted to to put
the sunset provision on that no the
Democrats wanted neither part of the
bill the tax cuts for the corporations
and the rich because none of the
Democrats voted for it
and the tax cuts for the middle class in
the way that they did it but again it
there's a sunset provision on it after
ten years that goes away and if anything
that should be permanent and there
should be temporary cuts for the rich
and corporations well there really
should be none but it's a Republican
bill so I get it that they're gonna put
it in there but point is a family member
just made it up like oh yeah no it's
because the Democrats that the $75,000 a
year or less that those tax cuts aren't
permanent and it's like how do you how
do you take yourself seriously when you
just come up with these theories that
are based on absolutely nothing like oh
yeah this is how I'm going to
rationalize it that the Republicans are
the party of regular people is that look
they gave a tax cuts in middle class
people but oh there's a sunset provision
but the ones for the rich are permanent
but so I can't blame the Republicans for
doing what they did so I'm just gonna
say it's because of the Democrats that
they didn't make those tax cuts
permanent so that just count under my
skin because it's like it's so
delusional it's like you're he's trying
so hard to convince himself like you
know this is what's going on the
Republicans are looking out for for
regular people
then as the conversation moved along he
let me know what he really thinks about
Texas and he says oh it should just be a
flat tax of 20% flat income tax rate of
20% so this is one of those things where
I feel like at face value
people might look at it and go yeah
that's reasonable why not a flat tax of
20% I mean it seemed it's it's simple
its straightforward it's a tax rate that
people by and large can handle so why
not just the flat tax of 20% across the
board and then we're done
and you know my response to him and this
is why I wanted to discuss this so you
guys know what to say if somebody brings
us up to you is a 20 percent flat tax
what that ends up being is a gigantic
tax cut on the rich and a gigantic tax
increase on the poor so we already have
historic levels of income inequality and
this is his solution like yeah just do a
flat tax 20% but that will make income
inequality even worse because I Got News
for you if somebody makes twenty five
thousand dollars a year they can't
afford to pay twenty percent of their
money in taxes but if somebody makes
eight million dollars a year not only
can they afford to pay twenty percent
taxes they should be paying a much
higher tax rate than that so this is one
of those things where it kind of sounds
good in theory like Oh 20 percent flat
tax so simple but in reality it's a
horrendous idea because we have record
income inequality right now it would
exacerbate it it would make it much
worse and it's a giant tax increase on
the poor and a giant tax decrease on the
rich um
and so I brought that up to him and his
response was okay but I'll let then the
first $10,000 is tax free as if that
like ameliorates the whole thing and now
all of a sudden he's making a good point
no because if somebody makes eleven
thousand dollars a year they can't
afford to pay twenty percent of their
money to the government they just can
they just can't so that's not just
that's not a good system because again
you'll have Bill Gates paying twenty
percent in taxes and you'll have this
person make an eleven grand paying
twenty percent taxes they can't afford
to pay it Bill Gates can afford to pay
that and much much more and still be
mega rich if he does that so that was a
little bit of an infuriating
conversation and I just want everybody
to realize there are some ideas that
sound good at face value
but then when you think about it you
realize it's actually a terrible idea
you know it's honestly it's almost like
communism
it sounds great from each according to
his ability to each according to his
need but then it when you implement it
it's actually terrible so and I know
there are people who listen to me who
actually consider themselves Marxist and
they would say I'm being flippant and
I'm not you know arguing against a steel
man argument they would say I'm straw
Manning them and arguing against that
listen no matter how intellectual you
try to make it sound ultimately I think
it doesn't work but in theory on paper
you look at it you go oh that might work
and that might make perfect sense and I
feel very similar with you know like
extreme libertarians and people who are
semi libertarian and they would say yeah
flat tax why not well here's why not
giant tax decrease for the rich who
don't need it giant tax increase on the
poor who do need their money do need to
be able to keep more of their money so
not a good idea of flat tax not a good
idea at all even though it face value
some people might like it now the next
thing that really annoyed me was um we
got into somehow Jeff Bezos came up the
Amazon guy who's now worth like 100
billion dollars and I said to him I
think he was in the context of the flat
tax argument
I said listen nobody should have 100
billion dollars nobody should have 100
billion dollars that's too much wealth
that's too much power and just by virtue
of the fact that he has that money he is
a threat to any form of government I
mean that's a threat to democracy period
and his response was like well but he
earned that money and I'm here to tell
you no he didn't
nobody earned a hundred billion dollars
that doesn't mean anything
so you could say in a market sense he
accumulated a hundred billion dollars
but your market value is not equal to
your human value so we pay people in
accordance with their market value which
means that you have Jeff Bezos with a
hundred billion dollars but you also
have 30 million people in this country
without health care
you know you have half the country
making $30,000 a year or less I know
people who worked three jobs literally
sunup to sundown working like crazy
busting their ass on the hardest workers
I've ever seen and they were in poverty
so this idea of like yeah but you don't
Jeff Bezos just worked really hard so I
don't know you can't what are you gonna
take his money away from him no that's
the point is this isn't a meritocracy so
I'm not taking his money away from him
because the underlying assumption there
is that it's it's his to be taken away
but no if you accumulate a hundred
billion dollars it's not just that you
worked harder than other people it's
that your market value the accumulation
of wealth with your market value perhaps
that's not the way the system should be
created where your market value is your
actual material well-being value so a
hundred billion dollars you literally
can't I mean that would be this is such
a dumb way to explain it but nonetheless
here I go that'd be like he lives 200
years old and spends a billion dollars a
year but that's [ __ ] crazy that's just
absolutely utterly ridiculous and again
at the same time that's happening we
have people who can't afford to keep the
[ __ ] lights on people who are getting
kicked out of their house who work you
know so it's just a the the premise is
flawed when they go yeah but that's his
money you can't what do you mean that's
his money listen right now I think it's
either six people or eight people I
think it's six people the six richest
people in the world have more wealth
than the bottom 50% of the world so six
people more than 3.5 billion people they
didn't just work harder they're products
of a system where there's rigging
there's corruption there's tremendous
wealth passed down from generation to
generation this isn't a meritocracy
period it's not a meritocracy if you
think it's a meritocracy you're
hilariously wrong I mean thing
about in the context of a pizza pie so
you have a pizza that's that can feed
everybody in the world six people walk
in and take more than half the pizza and
leave what remains for you know over six
and a half billion people that's not
they didn't just work harder and if you
think that's the case
you're just factually wrong some of the
hardest people I've ever seen hardest
workers I've ever seen they lived in
poverty so the problem is with the
system the problem is that there's an
assumption that we live in a meritocracy
we do not live in a meritocracy
so you have to craft a system that makes
sense you have to craft a system that
doesn't give people material well-being
solely based on their market value so
anyway that was my response to that I
was gonna get into some other stuff here
but I'm gonna check in on the super
chats real quick skis okay I'm seeing
I'm seeing the money I'm not seeing the
questions wrong wrong so can somebody
send me a question so I see if it pops
up a super chat question so I could see
if it pops up I see the $20 yeah eric s
gave twenty bucks thank Eric thanks Eric
but I don't see questions I guess he
didn't ask a question kolinsky Kirk
20/20 that's funny I love pizza sub Kyle
sup Jacob how you doing man so can
somebody send me a question here real
quick with a super chat so I see if
everything's working all hunky dory I
think it just might be one of those
situations where I'm not getting a lot
of super chats today how many 1378
people I gotta say man not bad for the
middle of the day not bad for the middle
of a Oh Carl okay so Carl sent a
question here let's see in 1992
Clinton's DLC took over DNC and
formalized corporate funding any hope
fixing this in 2018 could a progressive
POTUS easily forced DNC reform that's
good question
um I think we have to force DNC reform
so that they had the reform committee
and now it goes to one person it goes to
another committee and then it comes back
to the reform committee and then the
whole DNC votes on it but they asked for
reforms like the effective elimination
of super-delegates and stuff like that
and we'll see we'll be able to see if
they reformed or if they didn't reform
and if they're serious about this or
they're not serious about this um so and
then we'll judge accordingly how you
want to vote and who you want to support
and all that stuff and that's a giant
factor is how fair is the DNC you can
make this thing okay now I see it's
working because all these questions are
popping up so no way Carl I hope I
answered your question there yes the DNC
started taking corporate money now we're
trying to fight back to make them be
what they should have been all along and
it's a question of whether or not um
they'll actually abide by what the
people want
nelle OS I feel like you should have
stayed on JD kind of feels like it's
being taken over by social justice
warriors okay so that let me let me
address that because of course this was
something that was gigantic on the
internet for understandable reasons I
think jank was put in a no-win position
and then I think subsequently I was put
to knowing position so everybody knows
most of the story there were old blog
posts from the late 90s and early 2000s
that popped up of jank back when he was
a right-winger not that that's an excuse
of course for the for the substance of
what he said but some of the stuff was
tongue-in-cheek there were other blogs
they were probably serious where he had
some odious opinions and stuff and so
basically the staff that JD was like
listen you're one of the faces of this
movement we don't want that because one
of the things he said was you know I
think my reading of this I think it what
he was saying was tongue-in-cheek and he
was poking fun of himself for not being
able to get laid but he said obviously
the genes of women are flawed because
they don't want to reproduce nearly
enough for everybody to get along
peaceably and fruitfully at first when I
read that I didn't think it was
tongue-in-cheek either he was dead
serious and I was like damn that's kind
of like the definition of sexism and
jank was massively sexist but then I
read it over and over and yeah it looks
like he's making fun of himself for not
being able to get laid but anyway the
staff at JD said sorry we don't want to
have a leader of our
movement who's who said things like that
at any point because then you're feeding
into the narrative of the Bernie bro and
you're gonna make it so people dismiss
us and say yeah we were right about
these guys all along they had they have
one their leaders one of the phases of
the movement was a sexist or of course
the Hillary people would say probably is
a sexist even though that's nowhere near
true of course shanks not sexist so
that's what they said
so jank stepped down and said listen um
I don't want to hurt any of the
candidates so I will willingly step down
but then when he was stepping down on
the way out the door they kind of kicked
him in the kicked him in the ass and
