the establishment media is now trying to
force-feed us Biden 2020 so this is in
Politico take a look Joe Biden's
platform for 2020 ante populism by
criticizing the views of both Bernie
Kratz and Trump bites Biden is
positioning himself as the antidote to
populism in all its forms and flavors so
just I mean I could do an hour talking
about just that headline and Adam
Johnson affair wrote a really
interesting article about the term
populism which mainstream media has you
know absolutely abused and destroyed and
they he says they use it to launder
basically fascists and equate them to
people like Bernie Sanders and you know
I actually used the label populist to
describe myself I say I'm populist left
and the reason I do that is because the
definition of populism is carrying about
the concerns of ordinary people and so I
think I actually agree with the point
that Barack Obama made a while ago
during the 2016 election when he said
Donald Trump is not a populist the real
populist is Bernie Sanders well now you
know that it's clear the way that
mainstream media uses this and what they
try to do is equate the tone of somebody
like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump and
the fact that they portrayed themselves
as anti-establishment and anti elite and
they try to link them using the
horse-shoe theory of politics like so
the guy you know hey if you go far left
enough those people are exactly like the
far right and if you go far right enough
those people are exactly like the far
left so Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
are equally unhinged and that's a
complete and utter [ __ ] framing you
know one one of those two rails against
the elites in a literal economic sense
where he says hey wealth and capital
controls everything corporations and
billionaires really do control our
political system
they basically bylaws that screw over
the little guy and help them whereas the
the so-called elites that Donald Trump
rails against they're effectively
cultural elites so you know hey I'm
gonna rail against [ __ ] Hollywood and
I'm gonna rail against whatever black
lives matter and I'm gonna pretend like
there's this giant conspiracy of like
the Muslim Brotherhood and and you know
Jewish people honestly a lot of people
on the right think that Jews secretly
run the world a lot of people on the far
right so there's this like you know
agenda 21 UN conspiracy like thing where
all these disaffected groups are
actually secretly running everything and
that's not like that's not a version of
elite that is actually in control and
running [ __ ] so it's it's a [ __ ]
election strategy where you pretend like
oh my god it's the cultural elites it's
the you know the the Democrats they're
they secretly run everything and we need
to rail against then and it's like no as
you're serving the economic elites and
the establishment you know appointing
Goldman Sachs into your administration
doing the bidding of Wall Street cutting
the taxes of billionaires and
corporations as you're doing their
bidding you're you're trying to pretend
like you're anti elite so you're doing
the bidding of the economic elites while
you rail against elites it's honestly
just a run-of-the-mill conman trick and
unfortunately it works really well with
Donald Trump but now we're even seeing
this and we'll get to this later in the
show with the newly elected president of
Brazil balsan ro he's basically an open
fascist and I've already seen headlines
calling him a populist he's not a
populist stop using populist to describe
you know far-right authoritarians people
who are sympathetic to dictatorship
people who are honestly in many cases
openly fascist so they use this word to
basically launder fascism and equate it
to social democracy
and you know I think Adam Johnson's
answer to that is let's just stop using
the term populist I disagree with him on
that point I agree with him on
everything else but on that point
I would say just use the term properly
so if populism is caring about the
concerns of ordinary people
then the real populist is Bernie Sanders
and it is not these you know like Steve
Bannon and Donald Trump now look at what
they're doing here when it comes to Joe
Biden they're taking the term populist
and they're using it as a pejorative and
they're portraying him as like Ambus if
you're coming in on a white horse to
save you from the people who have a
harsh tone and it's like the tone is
irrelevant look at their actual policy
substance so yes people do need saving
from the far-right fake populist like
Donald Trump and we need better
politicians but they do not bernie is
the solution to that but he's portraying
it as another equally bad and I'm here
to be the I'm just a reasonable centrist
moderate so like yeah trust me because
I'm a corporatist and I love the status
quo and like that's obviously what we
need it's just it's so [ __ ] lazy man
it's so lazy
okay now you might think well perhaps
that headline is a little misleading
what is the substance of the article
saying well let's take a look so there's
in Politico they say on Monday former
Vice President Joe Biden wrote a blog
post that proves two things blogging
isn't dead and neither is Biden's
political career in fact in Biden's
essay and in other little-noticed public
pronouncements you can see him sculpting
a role for the 2020 presidential
campaign that perhaps only he could get
away with away with playing the voice of
anti populism though Biden's essay was
largely ignored amid the constant hum of
Trump related stories it made a bit of
news in wonk circles because Biden used
it to announce his opposition to a
universal basic income what a hero you
are Joe that newly vogue policy proposal
in which
American would receive a periodic check
from the government regardless of their
work status but there's more in the post
to decipher Biden criticized Silicon
Valley executives who have championed
universal basic income for selling
American workers short and undermining
the dignity of work he recoiled at
rhetoric often wielded by senator Bernie
Sanders and his acolytes that demonizes
corporations some want to single out big
corporations for all the blame but
consumers workers and leaders have the
power to hold every corporation to a
higher standard
not simply cast business as the enemy
and he cut against the prevailing
sentiment among Trump friendly
working-class whites that not everyone
should go to college
quote cognitive capacity as opposed to
brint as opposed to brawn continues to
become a sure path to climb that ladder
into the middle class so I need you to
understand something
the whole point of this article is they
didn't learn the lesson of 2016 they're
not going to learn the lesson of 2016
they're always going to take away the
exact wrong conclusion so what we
learned in 2016 is you cannot defeat the
far right you cannot defeat the Trump
like Republicans with the center with
so-called moderates with corporatists
with status quo enthusiasts because
those are the people that actually led
to the rise of Donald Trump the lesson
that they took away was no if anything
Bernie Sanders forced Hillary Clinton
too far to the left so what we need is
somebody to come in on the Democratic
side who's even more moderate even more
centrist even more Pro status quo and
that's the way to defeat Donald Trump
and oh yeah the cherry on top is aren't
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
basically the same thing they're never
gonna learn listen they smugly think
that this blog post makes
Biden a hero like Oh finally a
reasonable person stepping up and saying
shouldn't working-class Americans have
to put in more hours and bust their ass
to get nothing in return like he thinks
it's a bold stand like I'm against
universal basic income oh wow what a
[ __ ] hero you are what a hero you are
it really the establishment is beyond
clueless and by the way make no mistake
about it this is top-down the idea that
like you know regular folks are sitting
around and going oh did you read that
Biden blog post where he's against
universal basic income and he's
defending corporations what a reasonable
human being no this is literally the
establishment media sitting down with
people who are in Joe Biden's camp and
Joe Biden's people pitching
establishment media people hey we need
to try to make Joe Biden 20 20th thing
so how about you guys run a puff piece
on them to talk about how awesome he is
and how reasonable he is and we'll sit
over here and pretend like it's all
grassroots it's not grassroots and this
is definitely a concerted effort because
I've already seen polls any time for the
longest time when you the polls showed
Bernie Sanders being the front-runner by
a mile and a half in the 2020 election
on the Democratic side
well what happened recently well
recently there's been a few polls that
had Biden in front and then there was
one that had Biden way in front so I was
like wow that's an anomaly every poll
shows Bernie Sanders what the [ __ ] is
going on here
well come to find out when you dig into
the methodology they way over Samper
oversampled
older people so they left out
Millennials and they way over sampled
registered Democrats and they left out
independence
so who Bernie Sanders base who are they
not only is it the actual left-wing base
it's also Millennials and independence
so there's not yeah I leave out the
young people what why would you do that
there because they're trying to
force-feed you this on purpose they're
trying to force-feed you Joe Biden 2020
and by the way you would think that in
an article about Joe Biden running for
president I don't know maybe they would
add a line or two about the [ __ ]
thousand in one time she already ran for
president and he got his [ __ ] ass
handed to him on a silver platter I mean
the dude ran in when Obama won he ran he
got like [ __ ] 1% of the vote he this
has happened repeatedly oh yeah Oh Joe
Biden yeah Joe Biden look at that he's
definitely gonna do well oh [ __ ] he got
destroyed
he's VP Joe Biden that's the furthest
he's got this the furthest he's gonna
get but they don't even act like they
don't even add that Bernie Sanders did
way better running for president than
Jill Biden did and none of the articles
in establishment meteor-like well
obviously Bernie Sanders is the favorite
in 2020 look at the movement he's
created he won 22 states last time he
got 47% of the vote last time with the
DNC rigging it against him none of the
establishment media articles are saying
that I've seen articles on 2020 that
mention everybody except Bernie Sanders
for 2020 they've mentioned [ __ ] Mark
Cuban and Howard Schultz and Michael
Bloomberg there is ZERO grassroots
support for Michael Bloomberg this is is
a zero [ __ ] so these are all this is
all none of this is organic it is all
Joe Biden's people reaching out to the
establishment media let's try to get his
name out there let's try to make the
20/20 rumblings of thing and then
they're so out of touch they don't even
realize like oh if we were to go down
that path obviously Joe would have to
pretend to be further left than he is
obviously that's where the momentum in
the party is they're too stupid to even
get that guy's [ __ ] Kamala Harris and
Kirsten Gillibrand and Cory Booker even
understand and they're corporatists but
even they understand well obviously I
gotta pretend like I'm further left than
I am in order to get elected duh look
overall the momentum is but Joe Biden is
so goddamn out of touch and his team is
so out of touch the like I got it let's
pretend like it's 1996 and run a
campaign like it's 96 and pretend like
we're so moderate and reasonable and
centrist if only a politician had tried
that a legacy politician who's beloved
by the establishment
tried to be a centrist moderate in a
recent election how did that go that's
right that was Hillary Clinton she got
destroyed oh my god it's so frustrating
guys it really is listen they are gonna
pull out every [ __ ] trick in the book
to try to defeat Bernie Sanders and you
need to know that we need to double and
triple and quadruple our grassroots
effort for Bernie Sanders in the
upcoming election
I think he's going to run and he is
gonna get maligned in mainstream media
they're gonna shame them oh my god
Bernie you're too old you're too radical
you can't do this yada yada
Joe pine is a year younger than Bernie
Sanders not a single [ __ ] article
mentions his age
so what we need to do I'm telling you
man we need to bypass corporate media
establishment media we need to stick
with each other and spread the word
through new media you know through
social media platforms and unfortunately
they're cracking down on these outlets
too but we have to find a way because
the way that Bernie Sanders can win in
in 2020 and in the Democratic primary is
he has to trump the Democratic field I
mean it in both senses of the word the
word Trump in the sense that he has to
he has to be so overwhelming in his
victory that even with them pulling all
the stops to try to prevent him from
winning they can't do it that's what
happened with Donald Trump you have to
remember remember the GOP lined up bite
okay I'll [ __ ] all right Jeb Bush is our
first choice oh my god Jeb Bush got
destroyed in the most embarrassing
fashion I've ever seen in my life okay
Marco Rubio we're gonna go to Marco
Rubio Marco good okay oh but Marco Oh
Josh [ __ ] Marco Rubio is gonna start
John Kasich I mean he's probably not
gonna win but let's try oh my god John
Kasich got destroyed okay fine will
[ __ ] take Cruz Cruz out [ __ ] Ted Cruz
got destroyed
oh god Trump one this is you don't think
the establishments gonna do that on the
Democratic side they'll start with all
backup Biden vines give me a zero okay
Biden got destroyed maybe Michael
Bloomberg gosh ahhhh [ __ ] Bloomberg's
doing even worse than Biden did okay uh
Kamala Harris yes come on Harris oh my
god she didn't do it oh but anybody
anybody but Bernie
so we
have to be the ones to drive home our
narrative because guess what our
narrative is correct the only way to
beat the fake populace on the right is
the populist left and the [ __ ]
mainstream media doesn't even understand
that populism isn't the pejorative they
think it is because they're still trying
to drive home that ya know populism so
that's that's why Bernie Sanders and
Donald Trump are the same thing no
that's not true that they're the same
thing and also Donald Trump is not
actually a populist Bernie Sanders is a
populist and you're maligning it but
what is that show cuz what's the
opposite of populism elitism so the fact
that mainstream media is anti populist
what they're saying is we're Pro elitist
and I don't even think they'd admit that
to you but that's but that's the framing
the framing is populism bad therefore
elitism good like all the ordinary got
isn't what the [ __ ] they're talking
about or what the [ __ ] they're doing so
obviously we need to go to these rich
people who've run everything into the
ground in the first place
we need to rely on them for decision
making you [ __ ] idiots they're never
gonna learn they're never gonna learn
and that's why these outlets are
[ __ ] the bed and that's why outlets
like ours are growing despite the game
being rigged against us so prepare
yourself because there will be so many
maddening articles about how awesome Joe
Biden is and about how awesome corporate
Democrats are that are just an outright
denial of reality and and grassroots
support we all know the real grassroots
support is going to be with the populist
left candidates
