so there was a big story that broke late
last week about General Michael Flynn
who was a top trump official of course
and then he was fired he pled guilty to
robert muller and is willing to talk to
get a deal so this should absolutely
blew up online social media was on fire
over it and this is I think a big story
now yet again everybody is framing it as
a continued part of the Russia Gate
story but you're about to see how it
pretty clearly is not that it's robert
muller effectively going after Trump and
his administration for corruption
now they recently did this with Madoff
or they were able to get him he's a
pretty openly corrupt scumbag willing to
take money from whoever and do their
bidding in the government he had proven
ties to pro-russia elements in Ukraine
he was more than willing to do their
bidding now with Flynn I actually
thought the first announcement
announcement meant when Muller got
metaphor I thought that was going to be
Muller saying we got Flynn because Flynn
there is just a plethora of evidence
that he's probably the most corrupt of
the people in the Trump administration
who are all part of this fiasco well now
it looks like they got Flynn and they
flipped Flynn and it's gonna be
interesting to see what he has to say
and who he's giving up to try to protect
his own ass so this is getting really
interesting now let me give you the
specifics of this case and you'll see
why this isn't just a Russia story this
is much bigger than that so this is from
BuzzFeed busts a little bit of BuzzFeed
news
they say it was Kushner who told Flynn
to make calls about Israel UN vote
source says hmm that's interesting
the
president son-in-law prompted the
December 22nd 2016 call to Russia's
ambassador that is the focus of Flynn's
guilty plea Friday Jared Kushner
president Trump's son-in-law called
Michael Flynn in December 2016 and told
him to call members of the UN Security
Council in an effort to stop a vote on a
resolution critical of Israeli
settlement policy according to a person
who was present in the room when Flynn
took the call
Flynn then called Russia's then
ambassador to the United States to seek
his assistance and later lied to the FBI
about having done so according to
documents filed in federal court Friday
by Special Counsel Robert Muller that
explained Flynn's guilty plea of lying
to federal agents okay so this didn't
happen originally they said well this
was when Trump was a candidate turns out
that was misreporting it didn't happen
when Trump was a candidate this happened
when Trump was president-elect Trump so
in other words there's no crime
whatsoever when you have you know an
administration that's incoming being in
contact with world officials wherever
they may be in whatever country they may
be a part of and the crime wasn't that
the crime was apparently that Flynn lied
about making those phone calls after the
fact
so really the cover-up is the actual
crime here but let me continue and give
you more information because there's
more stuff that I think is very telling
according to the chargesheet Flynn on
December 22nd 2016 asked kis Lee act to
use Moscow's status as a permanent
Security Council member to delay or
defeat the pending resolution and
subsequently lied about those
discussions with the FBI it's unclear
why Flynn would have lied but there are
laws that could criminalize such
behavior behavior such as the Logan Act
a scarcely enforced law that prohibits
unauthorized unauthorized citizens from
negotiating with foreign governments
that have a dispute with the United
States in the run-up
to the vote both Flynn and Kushner
called several officials of Security
Council member states in order to block
or delay the resolution Flynn personally
called foreign ambassadors on the
Security Council including
representatives of Uruguay and Malaysia
okay so the issue in question here is a
UN resolution non-binding UN resolution
that condemns Israel for their illegal
settlements so Flynn at the behest of
Kushner calls all these different
governments at the UN and says listen I
want you to vote this way on this for
Russia they said we want you two to come
out on the side of Israel we don't want
you to condemn their illegal settlements
and by the way Russia didn't do that
Russia said we are going to condemn
Israel's illegal settlements so they
didn't they didn't do it but they were
calling not just Russia a bunch of
different governments to say that and
again the issue they were doing it over
was Israel now you get the sense when
you listen to everything in mainstream
media about this that they frame this as
solely a Russia scandal but this isn't
Kushner telling Flynn to call other
countries at the UN to try to get them
to vote a certain way on Russia
sanctions for example this has nothing
to do with Russia policy-wise it has to
do with Israel so it's not that Flynn
and the Trump administration are doing
the bidding of Russia which again is
what all the coverage implies on this
it's that they're doing the bidding of
Israel but it's a it really is genuinely
astonishing how whenever somebody's our
ally full pass full 100% pass where I'm
gonna talk about that angle of the story
you know a point I've made repeatedly in
the midst of this Russia hysteria is
well you want to talk about collusion
and you want to talk about corruption
how about the fact that Donald Trump
opened up about eight new businesses in
Saudi Arabia while he was campaigning to
become president Trump when he became
president Saudi Arabia paid his hotels
two hundred and seventy thousand dollars
first stays at the hotel that costs
nowhere near two hundred and seventy
thousand dollars you want to know why
they're giving him that much money
because it's [ __ ] pay-to-play
corruption and then lo and behold Donald
Trump approves a weapons deal that's
worth a hundred and ten billion dollars
to Saudi Arabia so you want to talk
about collusion you want to talk about
corruption how about the fact that he's
100% sold out to Saudi Arabia and we
know as a matter of fact that when he
was campaigning he blamed them for 9/11
he said repeatedly I think it's their
fault then why'd you just give them over
a hundred billion dollar weapons deal
could it be because you have eight new
businesses registered there could it be
because you just took two hundred and
seventy thousand dollars from them at
your hotel and they're paying you to do
favors for them but nobody says there's
a Saudi Arabia
you know scandal going on now nobody
says there's an Israel scandal going on
now when the administration says Jared
Kushner tells Flynn
don't let them criticize Israeli
settlements now let me ask you a
question why would Kushner do that it's
almost like he has an open line of
communication to Netanyahu or somebody
in a top position in the Israeli
government and they told Kushner hey go
to try to block the UN from doing this
it's almost like that's exactly what
happened but nobody is saying hey we
need more evidence on that we need to
dig deeper into that they're all framing
it from the Russia angle how can you
frame it from the Russia angle when they
ask multiple countries Russia was just
one of the countries and Russia didn't
even vote the way you wanted them to
vote how can this be framed as a rush of
scandal it makes no [ __ ] sense now
imagine for a second the the story was
flipped and it was they were trying to
get the UN to do something in terms of
Russia policy well then everybody would
be saying that's it we got to find the
recording of the phone call that Kushner
had with the top Russian government
official because this is the collusion
that we're talking about from the
highest levels
they're doing the bidding of the Russian
government but when that's the case with
the Israeli government [ __ ] crickets
nothing now by the way let me be clear
about something the reality of the
situation is this isn't when they were
campaigning this is when they were this
is when it was the incoming
administration this was president-elect
Trump in his administration so in other
words what that means is whether or not
I like it
none of this stuff is really illegal you
know we might not like that the incoming
administration is already kind of
getting involved in in the international
political scene or even if they were
already getting involved like directly
in the national political scene we might
not like it and I might despise the fact
that there are oh they say are seemingly
doing Israel's bidding directly and
trying to influence other countries in
that in that direction but I don't I
don't think there's a crime there you
know I don't I just think it's [ __ ]
gross and [ __ ] up now where there are
crimes for sure it's already been proven
that Michael Flynn and this is likely
the reason why he flipped not just
because of this because I'm sure they
held this over his head like why'd you
lie to us about having connections with
with other countries as you're the
incoming administration why'd you lie to
us about making phone calls to people at
the UN so they're gonna hold that over
his head but also it's been proven
Michael Flynn took over $500,000 from
the government of Turkey and in return
for that what did he do he pressured the
administration he pressured Donald Trump
to snub the Kurds and not arm the Kurds
and not back the Kurds from taking back
cities that were held by Isis so do you
understand that is very important in
other words everybody in the
administration by the way Democrat and
Republican seemingly agreed okay our
number one ally in the region is the
Kurds we know they're not jihadists
they're fighting against jihadists and
this is why we've given them
humanitarian aid we've armed them in
certain circumstances and
we back then fighting Isis well guess
what Turkey despises the Kurds they
always have they always have because
there's a separatist Kurdish movement in
Turkey
so they view Kurd the courage as
terrorists so we're allies with turkey
turkey always hated that we were backing
the Kurds in the fight against Isis they
despised it so what would you do if your
turkey in that circumstance I don't know
let me pay somebody from the incoming
government five hundred thousand dollars
or more and get him to pressure people
in the administration mr. almond general
so you got to take my word seriously on
military affairs he gets in there he
pressures Donald Trump and other people
in the administration we're not gonna
arm the Kurds I think it's a bad idea
really why do you think it's a bad idea
they're fighting Isis a new phone who
dis I don't know but don't arm the Kurds
well lo and behold you trace it back he
took over five hundred thousand dollars
from the Turkish government so by the
way that's this kind of thing that
people are afraid of with Russia and
that everybody's talking about with
Russia like oh my god Russia's buying
influence in the government the only
difference is there's not there's no
evidence there yet that there's a direct
line from the Russian government you
know to the Trump administration and
they're doing the bidding there's a
chance that is the case with Flynn
because he's obviously totally corrupt
and willing to do [ __ ] like that he
already did it but in the case of Turkey
the evidence is already there that he
100% did the bidding of a Turkish
Turkish government and pushed them in a
direction policy-wise and in the case of
Turkey it's particularly egregious in
the case of Israel it's bad but in the
case of Israel that we have no evidence
of the Israeli government giving money
to Jared Kushner or to Michael Flynn to
do their bidding as far as we know it
was just phone calls and they say hey do
this for us and then they do it but when
you have a quid pro quo and he's taking
money from the Turkish government then
guilty we got him and by the way there's
another story that it wasn't just that
he was there were they gave him over
five hundred thousand dollars to try to
push the administration to not arm the
Kurds it's also I just learned about
this the other week he they wanted him
to kidnap a Turkish preacher who now
lives in America Gulen remember when
there was the attempted coup in Turkey
well air Dewan blame that
on a guy named Gulen and that guy lives
in the US he thinks that oh that you
know this guy was trying to overthrow me
and he would become the leader of Turkey
whether or not that's true or not I
genuinely don't know but they wanted
Michael Flynn to kidnap this guy in the
middle of the night in the US and send
him to Turkey again for a tremendous
amount of money so they know that stuff
about Flint they could hold that over
Flint's head and say listen son you're
going to jail for a really long time and
so when you put Flint in a corner like
that it's like okay I'll give you I'll
give you whoever you want for whatever
reason you want and it looks like what
he's doing is he's giving up kushnir and
what he's saying is I was ordered by
Kushner to contact Russia to contact
Uruguay to contact Malaysia to contact
other people at the UN other countries
at the UN and to try to get them to go
against the resolution condemning Israel
for the easily illegal settlements and
again the crime in that respect is not
that the new administration is
contacting people from other countries
leaders of other countries that's that's
not the crime in that in that part the
crime is that the crime is that they
tried to cover it up and he didn't tell
the FBI about it if he was just open up
front about it and said yeah we were
when we were the incoming administration
we made the phone calls that might be
you know not cool but that's not
something that's a crime it's a crime
when you tried to cover it up and you
weren't truthful with the FBI after the
fact so the cover-up is worse than the
crime in that respect but there are
other crimes that they have them on that
are way worse which are what I just
described that the turkey situation for
one and let me be crystal clear about
something and I've maintained this all
along if you want to frame the Russia
narrative as Donald Trump and his
administration are incredibly corrupt
and they're willing to do the bidding of
foreign governments yes as has been
proven but specifically in the case of
Donald Trump there's evidence of him you
know having mafia connections true
there's evidence of him doing the
bidding of Russian oligarchs true the
one aspect of the Russian narrative that
I think isn't true because there's no
evidence of it is that Donald Trump is
committing treason and and he's Putin's
puppet is another way they they phrase
it because here's the reality of it he
hasn't done the bidding of the Russian
government policy-wise in any respect in
fact he's done the opposite there's been
so much pressure on him over this Russia
hysteria that across the board he is
like for example Congress passed an
increase in sanctions on Russia Trump
obviously vetoed it right because here's
a guy who's in the potty who's a Putin
puppet wrong he signed it so we increase
sanctions on Russia now people say oh my
god but you didn't implement those
sanctions that's actually not true there
was a delay in implementing them but
they implemented them so let's get our
facts straight on that it's not accurate
to say oh we didn't implement the
sanctions furthermore if there was gonna
be a deal with Russia obviously right
front and center would be the Exxon
angle to the deal
there's a multitrillion-dollar oil deal
that Russia had with Exxon now Obama I
think they had approved it but then they
axed it as soon as stuff went to [ __ ]
with Crimea well guess what Trump comes
in and he picks Rex Tillerson the former
CEO of Exxon Mobil to be Secretary of
State
so everybody myself included goes
[ __ ] they're gonna they're gonna do
the bidding of the Russian government
they're gonna approve that oil deal
guess what they didn't approve the deal
so if the oil deal that's at the heart
of the corruption scandal with the
Russian government specifically didn't
happen and the sanctions have been
increased and Trump bombed Assad who's
Russia's top Ally you do realize for
there to be a deal with the Russian
government the Russian government has to
get something out of it right so that's
why the narrative of specifically
talking about the Russian government
makes no sense and there's the added
angle of putting all the corruption and
everything aside what's the what are the
proper
policies to do with Russia well I would
argue I don't want to escalate with them
further so I don't want to add more
sanctions on top of them I don't want to
bomb the Syrian government
I wouldn't approve the oil deal but
that's a slightly different part of this
but in other words I would want to
de-escalate with them but now because of
the Russia hysteria Trump is in a
position where even if he does
deescalate with them then everybody's
gonna paint him as Putin's puppet even
further and they're gonna say well
that's that's obvious proof of your sold
out to him so Trump is massively
incentivized now to be more hawkish and
be more aggressive and escalate further
with Russia so that's what Democrat
that's the this pickle the Democrats are
now in the implication of their
arguments that he's such a Putin puppet
is that now the only way to prove you're
not is to escalate further and increase
tensions and move us closer to World War
three now again I do think Trump has
deals with foreign governments all over
the world I mean he his his products are
made in at least 12 different countries
so is he doing favors for those
countries and because he has personal
business dealings with him absolutely
and so he's already in violation of the
emoluments clause there's no doubt about
that and in terms of Russia yes I think
he does have ties to Oleg arcs there and
he's doing their bidding I just don't
think that it goes as far as Putin and
doing Putin's bidding cuz he hasn't done
Putin's bidding but his policies have
not helped Putin so again I think this
is being misreported as a Solia russia
scandal if anything it's more of an
Israel scandal because they were trying
to get the policy that Israel wanted but
even that I don't think is true because
there's really no violation of the law
there so it's it's not a that aspect of
this is not a scandal the real scandal
is yes Amana Ford was massively corrupt
yes Flynn is massively corrupt I don't
deny that fleeing in an instant would do
you know the bidding of any foreign
government as he proved he did with
Turkey so all that is true and but we
need to stick to what the facts say and
right now the
facts are this is more of a turkey
scandal than a Russia scandal and it's
more of an Israel scandal than a Russia
scandal but again even on the Israel
