so President Bush got a lot of credit
yesterday because he gave a speech and
he went after Trump without even saying
his name so democratic Twitter lost it
and started saying things like he's our
ally and he's reasonable and he's on our
side now and oh this is so brave and so
courageous we're gonna watch a good
chunk of his speech here and then I want
to come back and talk about it but what
people focused on in the speech the
people who praised it were a few little
comments that he made here and there
that yes we're going after Trump without
mentioning his name but what's amazing
to me is I watched the entire speech
about 16 or 17 minutes and it's all of
george w bush's old beliefs sprinkled in
with like saying hey white supremacy is
bad and people lost their over it
and we're giving him fawning heaping
praise so let's watch it and i'm gonna
give you the full context this is about
a four or five-minute clip here but
you're gonna get the full context of
what he really said in the speech and
then we'll come back and discuss we have
seen insolvency economic stagnation
youth unemployment anger about
immigration resurgent ethno-nationalism
and deep questions about the meaning and
durability of the European Union America
is not immune from these trends in
recent decades public confidence in our
institutions has declined our governing
class has often been paralyzed in the
face of obvious and pressing needs the
American dream of upward mobility seems
out of reach for some who feel left
behind in a changing economy discontent
deepened and sharpened partisan
conflicts bigotry seems emboldened our
politics seems more vulnerable to
conspiracy theories and outright
fabrication we've seen our discourse
degraded by casual cruelty
at times it could seem like the forces
pulling us apart are stronger than the
forces binding us together argument
turns too easily into animosity
disagreement escalates into
dehumanization too often we judge other
groups by their worst examples while
judging ourselves by our best intentions
for getting the image of God we should
see in each other we've seen nationalism
distorted into nativism forgotten the
dynamism that immigration is always
brought to America we see a fading
confidence in the value of free markets
and international trade forgetting that
conflict instability and poverty
following the wake of protectionism
we've seen the return of isolationist
sentiments forgetting that American
security is directly threatened by the
chaos and despair of distant places
where threats such as terrorism
infectious disease criminal gangs and
drug trafficking tend to emerge first
America must harden its own defenses our
country must show resolve and resilience
in the face of external attacks on our
democracy and that begins with
confronting a new era of cyber threats
America has experienced a sustained
attempt by a hostile power to feed and
exploit our country's divisions
according to our intelligence services
the Russian government has made a
project of turning Americans against
each other this effort is broad systemic
and stealthy it's conducted across a
range of social media platforms
ultimately this assault won't succeed
but foreign aggressions including cyber
attacks disinformation and financial
influence should never be downplayed or
tolerated it's a clear case where the
strength of our democracy begins at home
we must secure our electoral
infrastructure and protect our electoral
system from subversion the second
category recommendations concerns the
projection of American leadership
maintaining America's role in sustaining
and defending an international order
rooted in freedom and free markets our
security and prosperity are only found
in wise sustained global engagement in
the cultivation of new markets for
American goods we become the heirs of
Martin Luther King jr. by recognizing
one another not by the color of their
skin but by the content of their
character this means that people of
every race religion ethnicity can be
fully and equally American it means that
bigotry or white supremacy in any form
is blasphemy against the American creed
[Applause]
bullying and Prejudice in our public
life sets a national tone provides
permission for cruelty and bigotry and
compromises the moral education of
children the only way to pass along
Civic values is to first live up to them
so there you have it you can see the
parts where many Democrats started
coming on themselves and going oh yes he
says bigotry is bad and he says white
supremacy his bed came out against
bullying Oh feels so good
he went after Trump hero courageous
bravery now understand am i downplaying
the fact that he said those things no I
think it's good I think it's good when
anybody says specifically hey here are
the evils I'm referring to and these
things need to stop so anybody making
that point is welcome to make that point
the problem with this speech is
everything else that came hand-in-hand
with it because everything else that
came hand-in-hand with it it's the
reason we got Trump so let's go through
some of the points he makes he starts by
mentioning well nowadays our politics is
vulnerable to conspiracies quote can
and outright fabrication whereas when
you were president that wasn't the case
you literally pushed falsehoods that got
us into war with a country that didn't
attack us
you said Saddam was responsible for 9/11
turns out he wasn't turns out he wasn't
working with Osama bin Laden then you
said he had weapons of mass destruction
turns out he didn't and now you're gonna
go up there and have the nerve to say
our politics is vulnerable to
conspiracies and outright fabrication
and you're directing that at Trump now
is it true that politics under Trump is
vulnerable to conspiracies and outright
fabrications of course he's buddy-buddy
with Alex Jones he lies about all
the time
non-stop but so did you and you lied us
into an offensive war against the
country that didn't attack us the UN
said this is an illegal war you cannot
do it you did it anyway
minimum 200,000 people died in Iraq
minimum 200,000 civilians we're still
there today you started the war on
terror that got rid of due process that
got rid habeas corpus you did indefinite
detention Guantanamo Bay is still open
you opened it up there's the NSA and the
Patriot Act which is now responsible for
totally obliterating the Constitution
you don't have a protection from
unreasonable search and seizure anymore
are you kidding me they're spying on
everything you do we live in a
surveillance state and you are gonna go
up there and you have the nerve to talk
about conspiracies and outright
fabrication when your administration's
biggest failure was based on that then
he goes on to talk about bullying uh you
know we got to be against bullying and
bigotry remember when you in the
campaign floated the rumor that John
McCain fathered quote an illegitimate
black baby so they did this thing called
push polling in the south where they
would call people the bush
the Bush campaign will call people in
the in the Carolinas and talk about it
and ask this question would you be more
likely or less likely to vote for John
McCain if you found out he fathered an
illegitimate black child the idea was to
smear McCain using racism and bullying
to try to get elected how quickly people
forget the bar for reasonable and
courageous has to be more than this
person doesn't agree with Trump cuz
Democrats are at the point now where if
Charles Manson utters a bad word about
Trump they'll go see even Charles Manson
I don't give a what Charles Manson
says I don't give a what George
Bush says he is a war criminal if one
war criminal doesn't like another war
criminal that doesn't mean the other war
criminal is suddenly good then and
here's the part where okay he says the
argument he's making is okay okay let's
stop the bigotry and stop the white
supremacy Wow
so bald George so bald that's like the
lowest bar ever of course no bigotry no
whites privacy of cars oh my god how the
 do people fall for this but
then he goes on to talk about how
oh and now there's a rising tide against
free trade and there's a rising tide of
isolationism which is the pejorative
term by the way for non-interventionism
so in other words he's smearing the idea
of us not going to offensive wars and
having nine hundred military bases
around the world that costs a hundred
billion dollars a year to maintain as
our infrastructure crumbles
he's smearing that he's saying oh
there's a rising tide of an anti
free-trade sentiment people want to do
protectionism Oh protectionism so bad
you know what that means right what he's
saying is hey I still love NAFTA even
though it brought it absolutely crushed
the American middle class I'm in favor
of the TPP that's what this means I'm in
favor of continuing to outsource good
American jobs I mean I'm in favor of
continuing to crush American
manufacturing that's what all that means
when he talked about ah you know there's
a rising tide of anti-free trade
sentiment and isolationism and so in
other words same old George Bush same
old George Bush
let's keep outsourcing American jobs
let's keep doing foreign wars let's keep
the Empire going and then of course he
has to slip in a healthy dose of
Russia's bad Russia undermining us
attacking us I mean what are we gonna do
let me ask you what do you want to do
George what do you want to do is the
same thing I always ask anybody who buys
in and goes right down that we the slide
of the Russian conspiracy with them you
know they used Pokemon go to sway the
election they got black youtubers that
had two hundred and sixty subscribers to
say mean things about Hillary so what's
your solution George what's your
solution we already have sanctions on
Russia out the wazoo
countless sanctions on them what's the
only next step what's the next step what
is there left to do do you want another
war is that what you want is that what
you want I'm asking you I don't know I'm
asking you because we've already
sanctioned them out so then what's left
I don't know let's keep our Russia
divided us right because we weren't
 divided before you know Russia
get spent a couple hundred thousand
dollars in facebook ads and somehow
fahren money all God that in that
affects our election and it makes it so
that people are beholden to the foreign
governments but when Goldman Sachs
spends money in our system and when Wall
Street does it and when the big banks
don't know that no no that's totally
fine that's totally reasonable mean my
Republican buddies in the corporate
Democrats we're totally cool don't look
this way when we do the bidding of oil
companies and big farm and health
insurance companies in Wall Street but
Russia Russia has spent a couple hundred
thousand dollars whereas Wall
Street spends millions if not billions
of dollars don't look at that Russia
Russia Russia Russia's corrupt our
democracy listen the argument he's
trying to make and this is why this is
so infuriating is that Trump is
an aberration he's the problem and if we
just get rid of Trump everything is fine
so in other words go right back to the
shitty place we were in before Trump and
everything's fine
wrong George everything is fine for you
everything is not fine for the minimum
200,000 Iraqis you killed everything is
not fine for the people who got
Orchard everything's NOT fine for the
middle class who got obliterated
everything's NOT fine for the economy
when there was a subprime mortgage
crisis in a Great Recession everything's
NOT fine for our infrastructure which
had a great of d-plus everything is not
fine for outsourcing everybody's job
everything's NOT fine for the half of
Americans who make $30,000 a year or
less but the argument he's making is
Trump is a cancer get rid of Trump
everything's fine I'll accept Mitt
Romney as president I'll accept Jeb Bush
or Marco Rubio or Hillary Clinton as
long as we keep the status quo going
everything's fine well no that's not
true
Trump is an absolute horror and a
monster and so is the
establishment but you want to use the
argument the Trump is bad to prop up the
establishment and every argument you're
making here proves that he even went as
far as to say we need to maintain
America's role in defending order around
the world and freedom and free markets
that is nothing but an outright argument
for continued American Empire these guys
are not mad at Trump because he does
stuff like drone strikes that Massacre
civilians approves raids that kill
civilians these guys aren't mad at Trump
for deregulating the wall street even
more and signing preposterous executive
orders that are gonna taint the economy
screw over people these guys aren't mad
at Adam at Trump for getting rid of
Obamacare through executive orders and
driving a stake through its heart
they're not mad at Trump for that
they're mad at Trump because he's not
politely continuing the American Empire
they're mad at Trump because sometimes
he says some protectionist stuff even
though don't worry he's not actually
protectionist Jorge which is something
you'll love he's still trying to slip
provisions of the TPP into his
renegotiation of NAFTA but the fact that
you have a former president who was a
horrendous president going out there and
still talking about the US needs to
defend freedom and free markets defend
freedom that
we have to do Jorge like we did under
your administration as you gave the
Saudi King smooth hand jobs walking in
the Rose Garden
so we prop up theocracies and
dictatorships but you have the nerve to
say the US needs to continue to defend
freedom but we weren't defending freedom
in the first place where we defending
are we defending freedom for the
Palestinians when you give weapons to to
Israel is that what we're doing when we
are on the side of continued illegal
occupation and settlements and apartheid
is that what we're doing
[Music]
there's nothing brave about this there's
nothing Courageous about this yes white
supremacy is bad wow what a hero
thank you George
thank you but everything else it's the
same old george w bush
let's outsource more jobs let's
deregulate more free markets let's
continue the American Empire let's do
more offensive Wars
let's escalate further with Russia
another nuclear nation pure hakham to
listen to that and think oh man he's so
good now he's part of the resistance
