so today is the day that Israel is
opening up or the u.s. is opening up its
new embassy in Jerusalem and of course
that's a massively massively
controversial move because it's nothing
but a giant middle finger to
Palestinians and it lets them know hey
we're really done with the whole idea of
trying to make peace because one of the
things that you often hear is this shows
that Jerusalem is the undivided capital
of Israel that's what they say now the
context that's missing there that a lot
of people definitely people in
mainstream media don't tell you is that
under any peace deal that would be a
two-state peace deal two-state solution
as people talk about you would have
Jerusalem be the you split Jerusalem so
Palestinians yet half Israelis get half
and that's the capital of a future
Palestinian state under every conception
of a two-state solution that I've ever
seen that's a given
it's a given that that will be the
capital of the future Palestinian state
so by bringing the US embassy there by
talking about how there's this proves
Jerusalem is the undivided capital of
Israel these are all I would say dog
whistles but it's not dog whistles it's
a [ __ ] foghorn that says we're not
gonna make peace with you we don't want
to make peace with you we're done with
the two-state solution it's not actually
gonna happen
and it's really a way of just verifying
everything that has been said every step
of the way by Palestinians that hey
listen it's not us it's it's the
Israelis they have all the power in the
situation that's obvious to see and if
they really wanted to make peace they
could make peace and it's not hard to do
so when you have a very powerful
military you have the backing of the
most powerful military that's ever
existed in human history yeah if you
want to make
peace you can make peace and there's
been repeated attempts on the
Palestinian side to do exactly that
I mean they've gone to the UN and every
time they go to the UN they've proposed
a you know a peace deal a two-state deal
through Jordan at the UN and Israel
rejects it and says no you have to come
to negotiate with us directly then they
go negotiate with them directly and
Israel says no we will reject all of
your you know all of your claims we
disagree with and we think you're way
out of bounds here and what you propose
to be the borders and and then of course
you have some times Hamas does violence
in order to try to achieve their goals
and then go how dare you use violence
now you must use you must try to use
peace and then they go back to the UN
and they try to get peace through the UN
and they go how dare you go to the UN
now you got to come talk to us
face-to-face and then they come talk
face-to-face and do direct negotiations
and Israel goes no we reject all of your
claims that you say so no it's a circle
round and round around around around no
matter what they propose you reject it
you get outraged by it when they resort
to violence
they you know they clutch their pearls
and go oh who could have seen this
coming how immoral of you to do violence
well if if violence is unacceptable and
I agree it should be unacceptable well
then you have to do some sort of
diplomatic peace deal and negotiation
whether it be through the UN are face to
face but then if you reject everything
through the UN or face to face then stop
pretending that like you're in favor of
peace just admit it just say it out loud
we want to permanently occupy you we're
not interested in the two-state deal and
this is all just a game because that's
what it is it's a game they're trying to
pull the wool over everybody's eyes as
they do a slow-moving ethnic cleansing
you know and it has to do with basically
giving all the land to Israel and if the
two-state solution is dead then what's
the only other option the only other
option is a one state deal with equal
rights for Palestinians and that's of
course not being discussed and of course
Gaza is an open-air prison for example
and they keep expanding further and
further in the West Bank and taking more
territory and now with this Jerusalem
move it's just the biggest sign in the
world I mean there's already been a
zillion signs how many times
you need a new illegal settlement being
built before people got the idea that
Netanyahu is not a partner in peace he
said repeatedly you know sometimes when
campaigning he said yeah there's never
gonna be a Palestinian state so but this
is the nail in the coffin of the
delusion of the two-state deal and this
naturally this led to Palestinian saying
okay well all of our options are gone
they're off the table so we're gonna do
protests massive protests nonviolent
protests so they go to the Israeli
border to protest this opening of the US
Embassy in Jerusalem and guess the
response of the Israeli government
Amnesty International says we are
witnessing an abhorrent violation of
international law and human rights in
Gaza thirty-eight confirmed dead
including six children with close to
2,000 people injured many are reporting
injuries to the head and chest
so snipers here over 500 injured with
live ammunition this must end
immediately 41 people now killed in Gaza
so the number keeps ticking up this is
breaking news as I'm talking to you guys
now and almost 2,000 injured over 900
with live ammunition a shameless
violation of international law in some
instances constituting war crimes the
Israeli authorities show no signs they
intend to rein in excessive force arms
embargo needed and then you also see
Israeli soldiers have used weapons some
made in the US and designed to cause
maximum harm against individuals who
were not posing an imminent threat to
them injuring thousands and killing 37
that so this tweet was from a little
earlier now it's 41 like I said
including some in what appeared to have
been willful killings so in other words
the same thing is happening now as
happened recently where we caught on
tape Israeli snipers executing
journalists there were instances of
people running away from the border and
being taken out by Israeli snipers all
on video all on video
it's like they've gotten to the point
where they know there's gonna be no real
punishment there's not even going to be
a slap on the wrist so they just yeah
whatever we executed some Palestinians
we executed some journalists some people
literally had press written on their
chest some people running away from the
border we killed him and there's nothing
anybody's gonna do about it
the Internet's gonna be outraged because
we saw it on video but you know hey what
are gonna do they've been killing people
who are engaged in prayer by the border
yeah real violent threat when they're
engaged in prayer on the border we've
seen the video of that and now you have
peaceful protests as a direct result of
the opening of the US Embassy in
Jerusalem and this it's a massacre
that's what this is it's a massacre
that's exactly what's happening when you
look at unarmed protesters and they're
gunning them down 41 dead as of right
now that number is definitely gonna rise
nearly 2,000 injured including killing
children and the top human rights
organizations in the world are saying
hey by the way this is it this appears
to be willful targeting of innocent
people well then what you have is a
massacre that's what you have and it's
really gross to see the reaction of like
Donald Trump is tweeting out a big day
for Israel congratulations and there's
this joyous mood over the move of the
embassy and you have Lindsey Graham same
thing it tweeting about how this is a
wonderful day and wonderful things are
happening and they're totally insulated
from the reality of the situation on the
ground with Palestinians being murdered
protesting for their human rights
because those guys don't get the
Republican politicians they don't give a
[ __ ] they don't care at all and I'm not
saying the Democratic politicians do
care cuz I haven't seen many outrage
tweets from Democratic politicians or
anything like that but it's it shows
that there's a level of D human
nation that occurred and they don't view
the death of Palestinians as some sort
of tragedy and they don't view the IDF
as acting in an aggressive way they view
it as in the same way they view our
violence hey no matter what happens by
definition we're the good guys by
definition in Israel Israel is good so
when the IDF massacres unarmed people
who are just protesting for human rights
we're not even gonna acknowledge it
we're not even gonna discuss it and the
media is no better in the u.s. there's
been a thousand headlines where and a
lot of people have been pointing this
out and it's brilliant that they caught
on to this they frame it in a passive
way so they don't assign agency to the
IDF when they kill innocent Palestinians
they say stuff like you know over a
dozen Palestinians killed in clashes at
the border now when you frame it like
that what's your to take away the take
away you don't know exactly what
happened hey did the Palestinians start
the violence and then there was a
response from the IDF was it just you
know in unnecessary or was it just a
freak occurrence that led to one being
that two people being killed they don't
say it call it like it is because again
we're allied with the Israeli government
so our propaganda works to prop up
everything that they do so they never
say you know IDF massacres unarmed
protesters in in criminal incident but
committing war crimes they never they
never framed it like that because again
by definition the the IDF is viewed as
acting in self-defense even when it's
beyond obvious that that's not the case
so here's my question to people who
would defend the IDF and the actions of
the Israeli government in the situation
what can Palestinians do that's my
question for you what are they supposed
to do so are you for peaceful
negotiations at a two-state deal along
the 67 borders because they reject that
even Hamas at this point has come out
said we'll accept a 1967 borders in a
two-state deal again that's something
you don't hear in in US media but that's
true so what are you for if you're
defending the idea what do you want the
Palestinians to do cuz the number one
thing they'll say is okay I guess it's
okay if they do peaceful protests to try
to get some sort of deal and some sort
of amelioration of the terrible living
circumstance that they're in cuz Gaza
for example is an open-air prison as
it's been referred to well now they're
doing the peaceful protests and Israel
is massacring them they're massacring
them 41 dead right now again that number
is gonna rise nearly 2,000 injured so
what do you want them to do
now they're doing the peaceful protests
and you're saying hey maybe they had it
coming when they get gunned down by the
IDF again it's not me saying it it's the
top human rights groups in the world
saying in some instances you have war
crimes where they're just killing people
who present obviously no threat to them
so again the same is when they massacred
the journalists recently so I don't know
it's amazing to me that US media and the
US establishment can still basically try
to pretend like you know Palestinians
are perpetrators and not victims but
that's what they do that's really what
they do they act like well I don't know
what's his response to do it but poor
Israel what are they supposed to do I
mean obviously when you see peaceful
protesters at your border you gunned
down at least 41 at least 41 of them and
injure thousands of them so I don't how
can the propaganda be that strong where
they they're trying to it's a situation
of a clear situation of who you gonna
believe me or your lying eyes that's
what they're saying to you and listen
this gets even more and more bizarre too
because take a look at this tweet so
this is from right-wing watch they say
Robert Jeffers invited by Trump to pray
at the opening of the new embassy in
Jerusalem says God opposes a land for
peace two-state solution to
israel-palestinian conflict now okay
that's an it's not just Robert Jeffers I
want I want to be perfectly clear on
this it's also the overwhelming majority
of la cude the la cude party which is
Netanyahu's party right-wing party in
Israel and also the Jewish home party
which is the further right-wing party so
make no mistake about it the official
stated position of everybody that's
celebrating this deal on the Israeli
side is no this is this is great number
one number two yeah we're not in favor
of a peace deal a two-state deal we're
not favor of an palestinian state so
there's so much double speak on this
issue where again Israel always feigns
and pretends like oh we just all we want
is peace it's these people on the other
side that are just they're unreasonable
but then again anytime they they
approach them with a peace deal they go
no we reject that out of hand so just
admit it admit you're not in favor of a
Palestinian state ever and you want to
take all the land in due time just admit
it just say it just say it just say it
just say it because one of the top guys
who's you know celebrating this with you
who Trump picked is like yeah [ __ ] peace
I don't want peace I don't want a
two-state deal I don't a Palestinian
state but it gets even worse than that
look at who else is there
so this isn't not a guy you hear a lot
about nowadays we've covered him in the
past he's an absolute lunatic
anti-semitic Pastor John Hagee who has
said that Hitler fulfilled God's will
will deliver the benediction at the US
Embassy opening in Jerusalem so
understand guys this is a move on
Trump's part that is 100% for religious
fanatics radical fundamentalists of the
Christian variety end of the Jewish
variety ultra-orthodox extremists and
Christian fundamentalist extremists now
the Jewish fundamentalists think no we
have a right to all of this land we have
a right to a Paul
of this land so Palestinians begone we
don't care about your human rights who
gives a [ __ ] and the Christian
fundamentalists like John Hagee and
Robert Jeffers well why are they aligned
with the fundamentalist Jewish people
well the answer is the rapture all of
the land is supposed to be Israel's so
that God so that Jesus can return and
when Jesus returns he massacres most of
the Jews but Robert Jeffers and John
Hagee they have this unholy and strange
alliance with the far right in Israel
because they know that all that land is
supposed to be Israel's in order to
fulfill Biblical prophecy so one of the
most hilarious things you often hear is
well you know the problem is the
Palestinians because they're all you
know super religious and fundamentalist
Muslims and that's why you can't make
peace because they're they're so
irrational they view everything through
a religious lens well listen for some
Palestinian sure there are Muslim
fundamentalists who view this conflict
or religious lens no doubt about it but
there are also a far-right religious
fundamentalists in Israel and far-right
Christian fundamentalist in the u.s.
that also view this through a religious
lens and that is exactly who Trump is
appeasing with this move with the
embassy move that's one hundred percent
who this is for his base his
fundamentalist Christian base in the US
and again like I said at the same time
this makes people like Netanyahu and la
cude in the Jewish home party and
ultra-orthodox fundamentalist Jews love
Donald Trump's move as well so it this
is what this is the hill we want to die
on and what happened to the America
first people you know the America first
people are you guys gonna be against
this move which is obviously Israel
first and not just Israel the far right
of Israel this is
unnecessarily gonna create so much more
conflict in fact every other president
in the modern era before Trump was like
yeah I'm not gonna allow the u.s. to
move our embassy to Jerusalem because
that obviously creates so many more
problems than it solves
and that's gonna be a giant headache
there's gonna be fighting that breaks
out as a result of it there's gonna be a
lot of blood spilled
but Trump doesn't give a [ __ ] he doesn't
care so as long as he's appeasing his
Christian fundamentalist base in the US
and now the far right in Israel
absolutely loves him they they're in
their own little bubble and they simply
do not care about the suffering of
innocent Palestinians so just call it
what it is there's a massacre going on
right now the Israeli government is
killing peaceful Palestinians and our
government doesn't care the Israeli
government doesn't care and the media is
covering it in the saddest most
ridiculous both sides do it way
imaginable it's false equivalency
through and through so it's not a good
day it's not a good day today and my
heart goes out to the Palestinians who
are suffering and struggling and doing
everything they can to try to get their
human rights and they're getting their I
spit in by illegal occupiers and by the
the world's sole superpower that backs
that country come hell or high water no
matter what they do and no matter how
many wrongs they commit
