morning consult and Politico did a poll
of the top 2020 contenders against Trump
so they went through the Democratic
field and I want to go ahead and show
you their results and I think you'll
notice something up front in terms of a
problem with this poll so they say that
Biden's favorability among the base is
74% then you have Elizabeth Warren 51%
Al Franken 45% even though he you know
stepped down over sexual misconduct
allegations you have cory booker 37% Tim
Kaine are as I call him the human
saltine cracker Tim Kaine 37% Andrew
Cuomo the governor of New York 35%
Kirsten Gillibrand 28% Kamala Harris 27%
senator Christopher Murphy of
Connecticut 23% governor steve bullock
of montana who a grand total of eight
people have even heard of 21 percent
terry mcauliffe of virginia corporate
Democrat extraordinaire Blue Dog
Democrat extraordinaire 22 percent Amy
Klobuchar 20 percent John Hickenlooper
19 percent again John Hickenlooper it
sounds more like a serial than a than a
politician Starbucks executive Howard
Schultz is this getting a little
ridiculous to you 21 percent
former Missouri Secretary of State what
the [ __ ] Jason Kander 19 percent Los
Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti 19 percent
Disney CEO Bob Iger 19 percent governor
jay Inslee of Washington 17 percent Seth
Moulton of Massachusetts okay come on
now say 16 percent so what they did for
this poll is they basically said all
right name anybody and they're gonna be
a 2020 contender for the Democrats to
take down Trump so go ahead name anybody
you want like a random state senator
from Wyoming let's say 26 percent they
have a 26 percent favorability among the
Democratic base
so they just threw all the names against
the wall here and asked everybody what
their take is and you know these are the
results so of course the main headline
that everybody's walking away with is
you know Joe Biden favorite among the
Democratic base followed by there's my
barn yes yeah now you probably have
already noticed the problem with this
poll but if you haven't think about it
for a second who was left off Bernie
Sanders they put [ __ ] John
Hickenlooper they put a breakfast cereal
they put a human saltine cracker they
put people that nobody knows who the
[ __ ] they are Jason Kander Steve Bullock
is that Sandra Bullock's dad but they
didn't put Bernie Sanders they are gonna
come up with every trick in the book in
2020 to deny Bernie Sanders they are
gonna bend over backwards they're gonna
do mental gymnastics in a way that you
and I have never seen we already learned
about one of their tricks which Howard
Dean showed us on MSNBC when he said Oh
Oh see I I think this is the Democratic
Party has to change and the progressives
are taking over the Democratic Party
that's a good thing but it's because of
that that we have the young people
taking over the party that I want a
young candidate so forget Bernie Sanders
I Kamala Harris Cory Booker how about
that so you see the trick it's oh I
agree with the young Millennials which
is why I'm going to support somebody
who's younger for a president and not
Bernie Sanders but way hold on it's the
young people who want Bernie Sanders so
what are you doing that's called a bait
and switch oh I'm totally with you
that's exactly I agree a hundred percent
with you which is why I'm against Bernie
Sanders and I'm for somebody younger
who's a corporatist
it is a sad trick who every
which everybody's gonna see through but
now look at mean this is just a snub
beyond snubs because guess what when
they craft these polls they sit around
in a room you know it's the people of
morning consult but really the people at
Politico because they're the ones who
you know got the people of morning
console to do the poll for them there's
a polling company but Politico were the
ones who said we want to do a poll on
the 2020 contenders and they all sat
around our room and they said okay who
are we gonna put on this list and you
think Bernie wasn't brought up by
somebody of course Bernie was brought up
by somebody and they were like no we're
gonna leave him off the list why stuff
things don't care leave them off the
list because the establishment and the
corporatists will never take him
seriously and they'll never take him
seriously because he doesn't want to
play ball with them the corporate is in
the establishment are like yeah [ __ ]
that guy we'd rather have former
Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander
on the list Disney CEO has anybody even
[ __ ] mention that guy thought of that
guy nobody cares about any of these
people and by the way it's not like we
don't have old poll numbers so you know
they say uh Joe Biden's the front-runner
seventy-four percent favorability among
the base
what's Bernie's favorability among the
base over eighty percent and that's why
he's left out - it's hard for the
establishment to write articles going
are our enemy is the one who's the
front-runner so we're gonna pretend I
mean we've seen this also with Justice
Democrats we just covered the story the
other day about how Alison Hartson
senator Feinstein's strongest opponent
literally based on grassroots support
based on money raised from the
grassroots because she takes no
corporate PAC money whatever metric you
want to use number one contender they
downplay er they said of the most
prominent contender is Kevin de Leon who
negative for people care about so they
just they try to snub you in every way I
mean it was Politico who wrote the
article that said Bernie Sanders
supporters largely giving you know the
establishment wing of the party a pass
based on what based on what
there are so many great candidates who
are primary corporate Democrats and
everybody started busting ass and
working really hard from day one after
the 2016 election so the only way you
can come to that conclusion is if you're
covering your eyes and you're covering
your ears and you're saying I'm going to
I already wrote the article before
looking at the evidence so they didn't
look at the evidence they didn't look at
the facts on the ground they didn't look
at the over 50 candidates that are
primary Congress people and and Senators
they just said I'm just gonna hi this is
what I want to be true and this is the
narrative then my corporate overlords
want me to push so that's what I'm gonna
do in other words the idea is do cactus
you don't have a choice you don't have a
choice I just want the Democratic base
to understand you don't have a choice
we've made you fall in line election
cycle after election cycle and now we're
gonna continue to make you fall in line
election cycle after election cycle and
even when it is beyond obvious and it's
in everybody's face that there is a
giant coup happening they got what
that's what no Bernie's he's named on
the list so what about you that you want
to support [ __ ] Disney CEO Bob Iger
what that's who you should support
because he's on the list we added a
middle list we have we have determined
in our smoke-filled back room to leave
Bernie off the list because he might
hurt our corporate profits so you know
he's just not on the table there are no
you know primary challengers to
establishment Democrats I guess you're
gonna have to sell first out from
Democrats again this is what they do man
you know and you wonder why alternative
media outlets new media outlets like
mine and there are many others out there
why we're rising in popularity we're
rising in popularity not because we're
great but more because the mainstream is
beyond pathetic and they suck and they
just they lie to you
they're either massively ignorant or
they're lying to you and this is
something that you think like what
people you think people are not gonna
think of Bernie Sanders who is their
favorite to be the 20/20 nominee just
cuz you wrote your shitty little article
and excluded him and you did your shitty
poll and you excluded him even though
you you know added I don't know some
[ __ ] state representative from North
Dakota it's not we're not just gonna
forget about Bernie we're not just gonna
forget about the corporate Democrats and
the DNC rigging the primary the last
time around and how you know the
corporate Democrats don't support
Medicare for all they don't support free
college they don't support a living wage
they don't want to end the wars they
still take corporate money we're not
just gonna forget cuz you know unlike
perhaps some older generations we we
don't give a [ __ ] about your flowery
rhetoric and whether or not you look
presentable and you look like a shiny
polished politician well we care about
his [ __ ] policies so you're not gonna
pull the wool over our eyes anymore but
this is like it's just such a grotesque
example of that like what do you think
you're accomplishing here like oh you
were all just gonna forget about oh look
at this list a Bernese on on the list i
guess he doesn't account for anything
anymore
look you've been trying to do that all
along and the guys the the most favorite
politician in the country literally
doesn't matter how you ask it when you
ask people in their respective states so
you go to Vermont for Bernie you go to
Kentucky for Mitch McConnell and you ask
their constituents Bernie is the most is
the everybody's favorite politician so
everybody's favorite senator they
self-report hey this guy is a great
senator he's number one in the country
by far now when you don't do it on a
state-by-state basis and ask their own
constituents you just ask the entire
country Bernie still wins so and then of
course there were all the polls where he
destroyed Trump you know Hillary had a
maybe a three point or four point lead
on average nationally over Trump within
the margin of error Bernie had an 11
point lead 12 point lead on Trump not
within the margin of error and of course
the people who Bernie was accused of
having too much support of so we're
criticism are the people who could have
won this election and made Donald Trump
not president so point is and I think
you all get it it's overwhelming the
evidence that we have right now is
overwhelming that Bern
would have won Bernie's still the most
favorite politician in the country
Trump's numbers are tanking Hillary's
numbers are tanking Bernie's numbers are
rising because the more people hear him
the more they like him because they know
oh I think that guy's looking out for me
because he's been saying the same thing
for decades the things that he wants are
things that help working people but it
is because of those things that shitty
Politico and morning console just go
they leave him off our poll
leave the [ __ ] frontrunner off our
poll of the 2020 contenders for the
Democrats we can't let them do to Bernie
what they did to Bernie in 2016 we can't
let him do it we have to fight back
three times as hard we have to they have
to hear us roar they have to not deny us
because you know I keep saying this but
it's more true than ever nobody's coming
to save us we have to come to save
ourselves so that means you spread the
word through word-of-mouth you are the
ones who are boots on the ground
knocking on doors to get the word out
making phone calls and this goes for
every great candidate that's out there
whether it's Paula Jean Swearengen in
West Virginia
whether it's Allison Hartson in
California you have to be the ones to
spread the word to put the time in to
make the donations because there every
single thing they bias against us
because guess what in a true free
marketplace of ideas and policies we win
ten out of ten times because it's just
clear look on hey here's a sheet of
paper with what our candidates are for
here's a sheet of paper with what the
corporate Democrats are for who do you
want 10 and a 10 times people because
hey I want this person I want the
populist left person so since that's the
case that's why they feel like we have
to rig it we have to rig it we just to
leave Bernie off the pole pretend like
there's no primaries happening anyway
that this is why they have to do these
dirty tricks because they can't win in a
straight-up fight so when they when
they're totally indifferent and they
don't cover us at all
when
they take just colossal amounts of
corporate money and we take no corporate
money even though our ideas are more
powerful they have the upper hand
because there's a well-oiled machine
propping up the corporate us in the
establishment and snubbing us so but now
at least you have you know you have
shows like this where we can just go hey
wait this [ __ ] you see what's going
on here that's [ __ ] and we can begin
to fight back so don't let them win man
don't let them win I mean what kind of
sick [ __ ] is that you're gonna leave
them off the pole cuz there's no there's
no innocent explanation to that you know
what I mean so let's say you all did
forget you know uh whoops we just forgot
but you remembered [ __ ] Disney CEO
and John Hickenlooper and Amy Klobuchar
so if you real if you genuinely forgot
then you're a bunch of idiots and you
shouldn't be involved in them in
political media you should just move
along if whoops I forgot about the
[ __ ] frontrunner of the Democratic
Party on a poll of who should be the the
nominee in 2020 so that's inexcusable if
it was genuine ignorance but it's not
ignorance it's not it's not it's not
it's on purpose somebody floated they
know leave him off no he's a you know a
he's unicorn fairy dust pie-in-the-sky
lefty might actually hurt our corporate
profits he really believes in the [ __ ]
he's talking about he wants to make us a
social democratic country and catch up
to the rest of the modern world you know
he wants to give people jobs in a living
wage in health care and Ricky you know
hey we're for the status quo business as
usual just leave him off god they're so
disgusting man they put Starbucks CEO on
here but they left off Bernie Sanders
the degree to which the establishment
makes my blood boil I cannot put into
words
