this next clip is absolutely fascinating
this is Fox News talking about
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and they are
baffled they really can't put their
finger on her popularity and exactly
what it is she represents but what
you're gonna notice here is even though
there's some you know dissenting and AH
this is not good like there you get that
sense a little bit but compare the
vitriol directed towards Alexandria here
compare that to the amount of vitriol
that they end up putting towards you
know Hillary Clinton for example or
Barack Obama so they don't know how to
handle her take a look
you're concerned at all that your party
is going too far to the left to either
win in the midterms or win back the
White House well I think that you can't
win the White House without the Midwest
and I don't think that you can go too
far to the left and still win the
Midwest Ocasio Cortes the former
organizer for senator Bernie Sanders
presidential campaign she's firing back
pointing out that policies to the left
of Hillary Clinton one in several
Midwestern states Kimberly what do you
make of this yeah I think it's pretty
interesting she's a compelling you know
political figure in terms of she acceded
you know the expectations people were
really pretty much betting that crowley
who was well established with the
democratic party someone who was
supposed to be seen as in a part of the
future of the Democratic Party in terms
of the leadership perhaps succeeding
Nancy Pelosi was a you know taken out
like that by relative newcomer but I
mean some of the policies similar yes to
Bernie Sanders she campaigned alongside
him but you know given the the relative
level of the seed etc it was like
covering on all across the network's you
know this weekend and all the sunday
shows so look they're looking to it as a
momentum enthusiasm generator for the
party but I think it's fraught with
problems in terms of being that far left
is not necessarily you know kind of sort
of mainstream election guaranteeing you
know wins people go wow this seems a
little fringe this is not workable or
tenable so therefore I'm feeling
even more alienated from the party so
Chris and Dana do me a favor and walk
through some things let's say free
education free health care guaranteed
incomes I think a lot of people who are
populist so they would identify both
with Sanders and Trump would say yeah
those are things that we want absolutely
and in fact when we talk about the
shifting political dynamics inside the
country one of the things that's going
on is the the big move of poor and
working-class white voters away from the
Democratic Party and to the Republican
Party well guess what they're gonna
bring the same demands with them when
they get there
and for those voters things like you
know the Republican and stalwart lines
about we're gonna reform Social Security
no we're going to we're gonna grow back
Obama care stop so the as a Republican
base is shifting they're getting new
mandates from their their folks now none
of that is to say that it's workable for
Democrats to build a strategy which and
no one would to build a strategy around
a twenty eight-year-old first-time
congresswoman from the Bronx and and the
Republicans would like to make her the
face of the Democratic Party I see the
red socialists fist back there for added
effect where my che guevara but but my
point being again Republicans want to
turn her into the face of the Democratic
Party Democrat leaders I'm sure are
biting there anything bad about her but
this really is the Democrats Tea Party
moment the energy and intensity and
passion that these younger people are
bringing to their movement into their
party just might be enough for them to
take back the house and it's certainly
going to make primaries and places like
where Joe Crowley is you know lazy
doesn't campaign well it doesn't even
show up to his debate like yeah they're
going to lose but is it enough to form a
governing majority and I think you could
ask John Boehner or Paul Ryan yeah
that's a good question Bader's mode is
on
for our own che guevara yes the theme of
all of our stories today is that
Democrats are pushing their la Quan ok
yes why do they keep picking far-left
people as their stars Elizabeth Warren
whoever you pick at Bernie Sanders I
mean they love these far left
politicians but I mean come on look at
her she's I'd vote for Tammy Duckworth
was right this isn't a bit it's not even
that big of an upset when you look at oh
it's not an upset no she knocked on
doors she didn't really work that hard
and she posted a picture of the tennis
shoes that she wore walking her district
and how they were completely worn on the
bottom and she did a lot of miles of
them she worked for it and then and the
tea party Republicans worked for it too
they don't know what to do with her she
doesn't fit into an easy mold in their
mind where they could just kind of you
know put her off to the side and say
well this fits in that category and
that's the end of it you could tell that
many of them have mixed feelings you
know some of them are like oh yeah too
far left for in something something but
then even a lot of the right-wingers
can't help but give her credit and there
was a good point made about populism
there where there were some Trump voters
who looked at him and they liked the
fact that he was economically populist
and he was you know against the trade
deals and he said I'm not gonna cut
Social Security and so voters like that
look at the idea of free college and
free healthcare and they go yeah I like
that and it does you could scream far
left until the cows come home but if the
idea is being advocated for are
inherently appealing screaming far left
doesn't do Dickie mcgee-zax
you're not going to convince people
against it and that's the point by the
way of Justice Democrats and Alexandria
Ocasio Cortes and even Bernie Sanders
the idea is and this is why we win in
the Midwest like that argument from
Tammy Duckworth
again absolutely ridiculous because
Bernie Sanders destroyed in the Midwest
and defeated Hillary Clinton there yes
we have a lot
appeal in red states and we also have a
lot of appeal in blue states we have
appeal everywhere because the ideas are
inherently appealing so and they
reference the Tea Party there and said
okay this is the left-wing Tea Party
movement now substantively no cuz it's
fundamentally opposite but in terms of
the dynamic yes where the Tea Party was
originally this movement on the right
where they were like a [ __ ] you
establishment figures establishment
Republicans we're coming after you and
so one of the things that they would you
know really double down on triple down
on is this idea of tax cuts and they
would frame it as tax cuts for the
little guy now obviously Republicans
when they end up doing their tax cuts
it's overwhelmingly geared towards the
rich so there's lying in the in the
presentation of it and the marketing of
it where they say oh we're gonna cut
your taxes but they really end up doing
it for the rich predominantly but there
is something to even working-class
people even people on the left there's
an inherent appeal about the idea of tax
cuts when they say we're gonna cut your
taxes why because people think well I
want to keep more of my own money who
does want to keep more of their own
money so that was a populist idea when
you tell working-class people
hey these Republicans are sellouts
they're not fighting for you they're the
establishment figures were
anti-establishment we're gonna fight for
you in Washington one of the first
things we're gonna do is cut your taxes
so that's something that like the Tea
Party took over the Republican Party and
it worked because there were
anti-establishment figures now again you
could argue hey was astroturf and
eventually it was co-opted by the Koch
brothers and others and that's true but
look at what we're doing on the Left on
the left it's the same thing it's just
the in the opposite direction so we say
if cutting taxes for working-class
people that message is inherently
appealing on the right and across the
country many people on the Left would
say yeah I want to keep more of my own
money what the [ __ ] do you think free
college is when people are saddled with
one over one trillion dollars in student
loan debt what do you think free health
care is when every other developed
country has it and when medical bills is
one of the top causes of bankruptcy in
the u.s. it doesn't matter how much you
scream far left far left socialism
communism
if Alexandria and Justus Democrats keep
saying we're for medicare-for-all
we're for free college we're for a
living wage we're for ending the wars
we're for creating jobs in this country
with a new New Deal
we're for doing a big infrastructure
deal we're for legalizing marijuana
those are all inherently popular ideas
so you're [ __ ] buzz words and labels
don't override the popularity of those
ideas which is why they seem so
ineffectual to fight back against her
and that's why when you look at how they
go after somebody like Hillary there's a
lot of vitriol there but when they try
to go after Alexandria they're like yeah
she's far left and the thing is that's
the fringe but she really did outwork
the other person and she wore out the
soul of her the soles of her shoes and
she did talk to her constituents and
that was kind of good and so they don't
this we're gonna win we're gonna win
when we go populist left we're already
seeing it Alexandria already has one of
the biggest social media presence is
presence presences of compared to almost
all other politicians in the country
dominating others so this is what
happens there's there's an inherent
innate appeal of the ideas that we're
pushing for which is why they stumble
and fall all over themselves when they
try to fight back against it on the one
hand you get right-wingers who are more
honest and they react like the five
reacted here or they're like yeah she's
too far left but I kind of like her cuz
you worked hard and she would talk to
her people and she's kind of fighting
for them she's populist and and then if
when and you don't get that crowd what
else do you get the smear merchants and
the smear merchants always fall flat
because they overreach and they sound
like the [ __ ] idiots they are smear
merchants for example being like ben
shapiro and alex jones who have been out
there saying the most hyperbolic
[ __ ] statements about her we did a
segment go check it out for both of them
ben shapiro and alex jones alex jones
said she's run by the big bank she
overwhelmingly like 70% of her donations
were from regular people working people
and it was they were under two hundred
dollar donations when you include the
legal limit 2,700 that's for the
individual donations the legal limit
uh all of her donations were from
individuals and was under that amount so
she basically 100% people funded she's
one of the only politicians who's not
bought by the big banks and he goes into
[ __ ] backwards Ville and he says JA
she's run by the big guy communists and
she calls he calls her a communist it's
just so stupid so ok give us the smear
merchants fine
give us the right-wingers who are more
honest and they're like yeah I kind of
like her even though I don't like her
and this is why we're gonna win man we
are definitely gonna win and I noticed
this even in my personal life I spoke to
somebody who is a big-time Trump
supporter and you know we were talking
about Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and
I wasn't trying to be confrontational I
tried to talk about issues where I'm
more mixed on Trump whether it's the
North Korea thing okay I kind of support
the idea of talking over bombing yay I
spoke about trade and said I don't like
exactly how he's doing it but I I like
the idea of trying to protect us jobs
and tariffs I don't think he's going
about it the right way but I kind of
like that underlying philosophy that
he's working toward so I was trying to
be conciliatory and stuff and I don't
want to argue and then the issue of
Democratic leadership came up Chuck
Schumer Nancy Pelosi and I was like I
hate him I hate him I think they're
terrible I think they're Wall Street
bought Big Pharma bought so on and so
forth and then we got to Alexandria and
the person I was talking to was like
what about this new one that was well I
was like that's justice Democrats that's
us that's that's populist left
that's that'll win and again it was an
instance of you see this person trying
to formulate an argument to come out
against Alexandria cuz this person is a
right winger but they just don't have
anything I mean bring up Hillary Clinton
they'll [ __ ] go for an hour and a
half you can't even step in it's like
double dutch you know how they do the
thing and you're like trying to get in
there trying to get in there that's what
a conversation is like with the
Republican when somebody brings up
Hillary Clinton go they go and you know
68% of the [ __ ] they say is [ __ ] but
then some of its true and you're like
yeah okay that one's true she's totally
bought by Wall Street
but when Alexandria came up all there
was like it was a pause and was like I
gotta try to come out against her and
then it was like yeah but you know that
she can't they can't win in the Midwest
ER I was like Oh
batter up [ __ ] that's a softball down
the center of the play let me knock that
out of the park Bernie Sanders
obliterated Hillary in the Midwest
because he's populist Alexandria is
populist this is the exact philosophy
that's needed in the Midwest not this
[ __ ] corporate centrist
neoliberalism where they serve big
pharma and Wall Street and pretend like
average Joes in the Midwest who our
farmers are like you know I really wish
they'd deregulate goldman sachs a little
more meiyan that's not a thing so they
can't they don't know how to argue you
have the smear merchants who fall flat
because they overreach and you have the
people who are more honest who are like
yeah I kind of like or even though
far-left is bad so we're gonna win we're
gonna win these are inherently appealing
ideas and you can have all of the
[ __ ] propaganda in the world trying
to override it it's not gonna work it's
not gonna work and by the way this is
political messaging 101 which is
something I've been trying to get across
to Democrats forever they have this they
don't know how to say it plain man they
don't know how to say it plain like
you're not gonna get [ __ ] professors
you know combing through something like
it's a dissertation or a thesis like let
me look at the nuances of this argument
to see where they're at no you need
inherently appealing ideas which is why
the Tea Party again even though they got
were co-opted by the establishment and
became very establishment the original
message was anti-establishment and it
was you know I'm gonna cut your taxes so
you can't like the response from the
Democrats shouldn't be that's a bad idea
cuz then how do people interpret that oh
the Democrats want to raise my taxes the
Tea Party wants to cut my taxes so you
can't you should never engage in a
battle against inherently appealing
ideas because you're never gonna win
that battle because nuance
often times doesn't sell so how do we
win in the realm of competing
philosophies and policies and ideas well
the answer is use your inherently
appealing ideas because guess what we
have way more of them
if the I'm gonna cut taxes for you
argument on the right is inherently
appealing you know what else is
inherently appealing free college living
wage Medicare for all and the wars new
New Deal legalized marijuana and the
drug war those are all really popular
ideas that you don't you don't even need
to say anything else you could just
repeat those words on the campaign trail
and you'll win in a landslide but the
Democrats love to [ __ ] make [ __ ] [ __ ]
complicated and complex and convoluted
and watered-down and overly nuanced and
then they trot out the [ __ ]
platitudes which by the way there's no
way to get people to hate you more than
the speed platitudes and cliches people
can see through platitudes and cliches
from a mile and a half away and they
know you're just filling the room with
the noises instead of keeping it real so
we're gonna win and this clip from Fox
News really gives me hope because they
don't know how to deal with Alexandria
and they won't know how to deal with
other justice Democrats you're gonna
have the smear merchants and they'll
fall flat because they'll overreach and
you'll have the more honest ones who are
like I don't like them but I kind of
like them and that's nothing but a
benefit for us across the board
