so Bernie Sanders and ro Cana seriously
can't stop winning they're winning so
much it's making my head spin this story
is absolutely incredible and it brings a
smile to my face
I don't think Rokon is getting as much
credit as he deserves on this he
deserves a hell of a lot more credit
than he's gotten so far in mainstream
media in fact very few mainstream media
outlets have even mentioned ROH Khanna
proposing this in the house as Bernie
you know proposes in the Senate but
let's take a look here with Business
Insider says senator Bernie Sanders
recently introduced the stop Bezos Act a
bill targeting major corporations like
Amazon whose workers receive government
aid Amazon on Tuesday announced plans to
increase the minimum wage for its
workers to $15 an hour
Amazon's shift means the stop be so
sacked did what it was designed to do
even if it never becomes law okay so let
me explain how this is a giant win there
are caveats and I'm gonna get to the
caveats I'm gonna give you every aspect
of this every angle of this because I
think it's all important to share but
here's why this is a major win Roe
Khanna and Bernie Sanders got a
tremendous amount of [ __ ] over this bill
and they got [ __ ] from every direction
so of course you had the you know the
establishment minded folks politicians
journalists reporters economists they
scoffed at and they're like trying to
help backers how naive insane why would
you do such a thing and listen we don't
even need to get into the arguments made
by the establishment folks because as
usual they're incredibly hacky and
they're for the most part disingenuous
and they're just bad but this bill they
also got [ __ ] from the left
I know because a lot of people I follow
pointed out like this ain't it
and they wrote these articles about how
listen man here's the problem with the
way you crafted this bill is that it
stigmatizes people who are on the social
programs and you shouldn't want to
stigmatize them so it's portraying them
in a negative light and that's
unacceptable so you should have framed
this bill in a different way and
proposed it in a different way now when
I covered this I was one of the first
people to cover this piece of
legislation that Bernie and ro Cana
brought up and my commentary was the
exact opposite so what does this bill do
yeah let's run through that again for
those you who don't remember Amazon and
other giant mega corporations they game
the system so what they do is they pay
their workers poverty wages and then
what happens is those workers are then
forced to go use the social safety net
to go get welfare in order to make ends
meet if you don't get paid a living wage
at your job well in order to continue to
live you have to make up the difference
somehow in steps the government with all
of these social programs and then what
happens is it it ends up being the case
the taxpayers pay billions of dollars to
people who are working full-time jobs
for mega profitable corporations so what
this bill did is I said it was brilliant
because of the framing of it the framing
of it is truly bipartisan for left-wing
ends so the framing of it is well hello
Lefty's what we're doing here is we're
organic is we're trying to get people a
living wage it would tax Amazon 100% for
all of the money that their workers get
from social programs so you understand
that framing it's this [ __ ] you
shouldn't hose the taxpayers you should
just pay them a living wage so what
we're gonna do is tax you 100% for all
of the money that your workers end up
getting from social programs
the brilliance of that framing is I
think most left-wingers will go okay
well then the end result is getting
these people a living wage so great idea
but even the right-wingers you've now
cornered them with their own argument so
you now you say to the right-wingers
you're against this bill why do you love
big government why do you love welfare I
thought you wanted to shrink government
I thought you wanted small government
well we're giving you an opportunity to
get small government here this gets
those workers off of those social safety
net programs off the welfare programs
why wouldn't you want that I thought you
were against welfare I guess you're for
welfare so that's the brilliance of the
framing most on the left oh go oh that
makes sense you're getting these people
living wage and then most people on the
right will go makes sense you're
shrinking government you're saying hey
amazon can no longer leech off the
system and force their workers to get
get help from the social safety net that
was the brilliance of the framing but
again so he got they got Bernie and ro
got [ __ ] from even the left who were
saying no no no the way you frame this
is all wrong because you're stigmatizing
people on the social safety net there's
nothing wrong with using the social
safety net in order to win political
victories sometimes your framing has to
be such that you maintain your base and
you also chip away and get support from
the other side that doesn't mean you
compromise your core values your core
values I I'm probably the most
uncompromising voice when it comes to
you know my policy priorities but I
understand how important it is to frame
an issue where you're not just preaching
to the choir you want to sit around all
day and get nothing [ __ ] accomplished
and talk about how great of people you
are and how great your ideas are while
not actually getting people to agree
with those ideas have fun that's like
[ __ ] masturbation it's like all right
yeah we're great aren't we great oh yeah
we're great everybody else disagrees but
aren't we great here we're great the
brilliance of this frame
was it forces the hand of people on the
right to go mmm it does shrink
government I guess that's a good idea um
so what happened well listen my my guess
is Jeff Bezos looked at this bill was
called to stop be so sacked for [ __ ]
sake which is again awesome framing cuz
it's directly calling him out and
getting his attention so Jeff Bezos my
guess is he read through the bill or
looked over you know the the big parts
of the bill and I think he was scared I
think he was scared that this piece of
legislation was going to gain momentum
and before he was forced to do the right
thing with the law what ended up
happening was he was ashamed to do the
right thing because the media actually
picked up this bill to their credit and
wrote about it and like I said it got
they got a lot of people who were
arguing against it from an establishment
perspective and from the left-wing base
perspective but it got enough coverage
where it got B's OSes attention he
looked it over and my guess is that he
really thought this thing is going to
gain traction and it's gonna gain
traction because of the framing of it
because you can get Republican votes and
you're gonna have Democratic support as
well now reality is Beezus was wrong the
bill was going nowhere because listen
when you propose positive things
unfortunately most of them are dead on
arrival
especially in this government that we
have now but again the fact that it got
massive media attention the fact that it
was framed in a way that it could give
somebody the impression it might go
somewhere it shamed Jeff Bezos into
doing the right thing that's what
happened he got shamed into doing the
right thing it worked and then the point
is listen this may have been the whole
idea behind it in the first place if you
talk to ROH Khanna if you talk to Bernie
Sanders in an honest moment they might
tell you I don't know this for sure but
my guess is this is true they'll tell
you yeah that was pretty much all we
were trying to do
was like shame him into doing the right
thing cuz we knew was gonna patch got a
[ __ ] Republican Congress got Donald
Trump as president what are you talking
about
of course we're not gonna get this
[ __ ] pass you kidding me but it
shamed him to do the right thing which
is awesome and guys you know how many
people this affects I'm not kidding
about this 350,000 people 350 I saw a
video of when this was announced to
Amazon workers at one of their factories
they all started cheering they all
started cheering and they were so happy
I'm tearing up now too
this is such a positive step man I mean
ROH Khanna and Bernie Sanders should
seriously number one pat themselves on
the back and number two brag about this
at every opportunity possible because
they just materially improve the lives
of 350,000 people okay it doesn't get
any better than that
it really doesn't I mean that is that's
impressive now a hundred thousand of
those people I think are part-time like
seasonal workers but 250,000 are the
Amazon workers and I this also applies
to Whole Foods now - because Whole Foods
Amazon I think bought Whole Foods so now
it applies to them too so now they have
a living wage and I that's awesome now
while oh that's great and again a giant
step in the right direction we do need
to keep this in mind know take a look
there are 170 thousand fewer retail jobs
in 2017 and seventy five thousand more
Amazon robots so some people are arguing
that hey man I'm skeptical of everything
that happened here because Bezos is
going to move towards automation anyway
so this is like window dressing to try
to make himself look like a good person
well yes and no I mean the reality is
not only be Zoe's but the entire economy
is moving towards automation regardless
of what happens with wages I mean that's
just a fact of reality so if it's gonna
happen no matter what
it would be better and it is better as a
matter of principle
to pay people a living wage in the mean
time now this does show that you do need
obviously other ways to address what's
happening in our economy when it comes
to the proper policies but I'm gonna get
to that in a second but it is important
I wanted to share with you that yes we
are not just B's O's but the entire
economy is moving towards automation so
we're gonna have other you know
roadblocks ahead that we're gonna have
to deal with but then there's also this
from Axios here's what they say some of
Amazon some Amazon employees may make
less money despite the company's
decision to raise its u.s. minimum wage
to $15 an hour Yahoo Finance reports the
details although Amazon employees may
make more per hour warehouse workers
told Yahoo Finance that the company is
removing perks and incentives such as
stock such as stock and bonus options
which will result in some employees
ultimately losing money so okay now
here's the solution to all of these
caveats that I just gave you to the good
news that we have this is why you need
$15 an hour living wage and a union
remember that's what fight 4:15 is
asking for $15 an hour and the Union not
just living wage living wage and a union
so you need $15 an hour a union and to
deal with the coming crisis of
automation universal basic income you
know I was I was so so and universal
basic income for a while but I've been
flipped and I've been flipped because
number one before I wasn't convinced it
was economically feasible now I am
convinced it's economically feasible and
also the way to view it is just honestly
a Social Security check for everybody is
what it is like you know how we have
Medicare for all if if you framed
universal basic income as Social
Security for all well then again you
everybody would be for it it's the same
the brilliance that happen with the
framing of Medicare for all was when you
called it single-payer it was like 50
percent favorability rating but when you
call it medicare for all now it's 70
percent favorability rating
so when you call universal basic income
universal basic income I think a lot of
people go hmm I don't know if that's
workable but if you just call it social
security for all I think people will go
hmm that probably is workable and I like
Social Security so I think that because
of automation you're gonna have to move
to universal basic income system at some
point and I do think it's economically
feasible and you also need a union along
with the $15 an hour because if you
don't have a union that's when you get
these tricky moves from B's O's now
again I don't want to be too don't be
too cynical don't let your skepticism
scepticism is a good thing I support
skepticism hundred percent but don't let
your skepticism become cynicism by
saying hey because of the two downsides
of what happened here it wasn't a step
in the right direction there's a reason
why the Axios article kept writing some
Amazon employees may make less money
despite the company's decision to raise
to $15 an hour the reality is the
overwhelming majority of them are going
to make more money and now nobody is
going to be making less than a living
wage so if you look at it in totality
it's definitely a step in the right
direction I think the math will prove
that out that more people are making
more money everybody's now making a
living wage that's positive even though
it's screwed up that they took away some
of the incentives and they remove some
of the perks but again the answer the
solution that part is $15 and a union if
you had a union you wouldn't lose those
perks so they're they're always as a
catch because you're dealing with a
corporation here and there a moral
machines but I don't think the cash
outweighs the net benefit where the $50
an hour again if you think this is not
net a good thing go talk to those
workers who were cheering in the [ __ ]
you know warehouse when they learned
what was happening this is
unquestionably a step in the right
direction and don't let these articles
because I feel like what these articles
are they're trying to co-opt left wing
populism against itself that's what I
think that is when they say when they're
like oh maybe some people are gonna make
us well maybe this isn't a good idea I
think it's a way to try to attempt
left-wing populist to go
yeah maybe $15 an hour isn't a good
thing and it's like now they're tricking
you that's what that is that's corporate
media going how could we flip this back
on them somehow so you have to be aware
of all that but again the solution
living wage plus a union plus universal
basic income and then you have all your
bases you know taking care of here but
this is definitely a giant step in the
right direction
Rokon a-- bernie sanders brag about this
every single opportunity you get and
then now the fight goes on and also by
the way now you do have an ally in terms
of trying to pressure other corporations
to do $15 an hour as well because vsauce
is not gonna want to have a competitive
disadvantage so he's gonna he's gonna
you now use this as something to brag
about and to shame others about like
what do you mean I pay $15 an hour
well I can't this other company do it
well I can't that other company do it so
I think overall this is definitely a
step in the right direction but you have
to add a union you have to add universal
basic income or social security for all
and we're getting there man we're
getting there but this is how you win
and by the way credit not just to row
Cana and Bernie Sanders who deserve a
tremendous amount of the credit but
credit to the fight for 15 people credit
to all the working people who are
organizing and fighting back and really
raising hell about issues like this it's
the fact that you're uncompromising that
allows you to win if you don't ask for
everything you don't get anything you
have to ask for everything to get
anything okay you have to remember that
and that's why the establishment
Democrats the corporate Democrats are
100% wrong in their strategy of
concede upfront compromise up front
because then you're starting with the
middle position and then when you cave
you're caving to a right wing position
it's all the hard work of all the people
who are organizing in favor of a living
wage and a union and universal basic
income and all these different ideas
it's the uncompromising nature of these
people the uncompromising nature of the
stop Bezos Act which directly target
a billionaire and said you're the
[ __ ] problem it is shooting for the
stars that allows you to reach the moon
that's what we're seeing here so keep
fighting keep fighting because there's
always gonna be there's always gonna be
a pull and push in these situations it's
then Jeff Bezos is certainly not gonna
always do the right thing by the way
also Jeff pay your [ __ ] taxes [ __ ]
you know oh I did a good thing on paying
people photography and pay your [ __ ]
taxes while you're at it cuz you're
screwing the taxpayers and robbing from
the American people by not doing that so
giant step in the right direction I'm
incredibly happy about it but let's keep
going let's get a union as well and
let's get Social Security for all
