so there's been wall-to-wall pro-war
coverage happening on mainstream media
recently that goes for CNN and MSNBC and
the nightly news and of course most of
the voices on Fox News are for war but
believe it or not there are some
dissenting voices and the dissenting
voices are coming solely from Fox News
so Tucker Carlson is one of those
dissenting voices he had on Glenn
Greenwald and they spoke about this
issue of going to war in Syria now for
those of you who don't know the
backstory here what happened was there
was an alleged gas attack the West is
claiming that Bashar Assad attacked
civilians with chlorine gas the reality
is there's been no investigation we
should also note that the last two times
there were accusations of this happening
it was debunked and in fact one time it
was even the rebels who used the
chemical weapons so that seems pretty
important to me to bring up it also
seems pretty important to me to bring up
the fact that Assad gave up his chemical
weapons now again some people will
listen to this and they'll you know
accuse me of being some sort of naive
conspiracy theorist or something but
this is that's all a matter of public
record I mean I remember covering the
stories it was John Kerry when he was
Secretary of State and there was a top
Russian official he was talking to and
they were doing a press conference and
basically the top Russian official said
listen is there anything that Assad
could do so that you guys don't attack
him and John Kerry said well he gives up
his chemical weapons we won't attack him
but that's not gonna happen and then the
very next day they came out and said
okay I he agrees take all this chemical
weapons so a guy who gave up his
chemical weapons a guy who by the way
has basically already won the war a guy
who just heard Donald Trump talking
about how you know the West is gonna get
out of Syria any minute now that's what
Trump had been saying at rallies so he's
that guy is gonna gratuitously Massacre
civilians which is basically the one
thing he could have done that would ramp
up the the war propaganda again
get the US and the West mired in Syria
even more so it's just wow it mighty
[ __ ] convenient that neo-cons like
john bolton he just came to the White
House and then his wet dream comes true
and you have you know this now this
fervor and this non-stop propaganda
escalating to war yes in a very similar
way to what we saw with the Iraq war so
wall to wall pro war coverage everywhere
you look
honestly the best-case scenario you get
from some people is just silence because
most people are either pro war and then
there's some people who are silent which
is basically a tepid endorsement of
what's happening which is this war
fervor going on across the country and
just a handful of dissenting voices
here's one of them right here Tucker
Carlson he's gonna talk to Glenn
Greenwald about it let's watch before we
go to war are we sure all of this is
real do we really know that Assad was
behind the gas attack it's not a
defensive Assad but it's an obvious
question how could we know that
conclusively so soon after the attack
happened we didn't have any Americans on
the ground and why would a Sat do that
given the certainty it would hurt his
own interests and while we're on the
subject by the way why is a war in Syria
a good idea for the United States in the
first place how would it make us safer
happier more prosperous those seem like
reasonable questions to us in fact the
exact questions you'd want your
policymakers to ask but no they're not
asking them and they're offended to hear
them the first person we asked those
questions to Republican senator Roger
wicker of Mississippi implied that we
were somehow allied with Vladimir Putin
just for asking
other than that wicker had no answers at
all it was embarrassing it he didn't
seem embarrassed at all others just
denounced us right off the top Jennifer
Rubin of the Washington Post tweeted
this quote he is insane meaning me Fox
is not a news organization that is all
Noah Rothman of commentary called this
show quote nothing less than undeleted
Russian propaganda
Seth Mandel the New York Post summarized
the criticism perfectly when he tweeted
this very simply shut the F up these are
journalists by the way no explanation of
course shutting the eff up is the whole
point of tweets like that they want you
to be quiet and want you to do what
you're told no more questions shut up
and obey there's no chance of that
though sorry Glenn Greenwald has been
following all of this he's an founding
editor at the intercept and he joins us
tonight so Glenn you know leaving aside
the real question of how you should
respond to Syria and is it a threat to
the world order and to us and to its
neighbors I think those are all fair
questions but why the universal attempt
in the meeting here in this country left
and right to shut down a meaningful
conversation about it the only time I
think that the media praised Donald
Trump was almost one year ago today when
he bombed an airfield in Syria in
response to what had been alleged at the
time was an ikemen attack by the Assad
regime
people who hate Donald Trump and go on
there every day took a break for 24
hours to proclaim him presidential
because that's what US presidents and
their eyes do is they just drop bombs on
other countries with no declaration of
war no reason why the US interest or the
u.s. borders are at stake when it
happens so I think that's just the ethos
in Washington that not only is it just
an inherently good and presidential
thing to do to drop bombs on other
countries that's why polls around the
world show that the greatest threat to
world peace on the eyes of the public in
around the world is United States but
also you know Adam Smith wrote three
hundred years ago that the reason people
who live in capitals and in the elites
and countries love to watch their
countries bomb other countries is
because it gives them sense of
excitement and purpose and kind of this
pulsating stimulation and they think
that's a really big part of it it
doesn't matter whether it will
accomplish anything it just makes us
feel strong and powerful and purposeful
to do and so just bombs away I think
that's right I mean I think human nature
explains a lot of this I agree
completely but journalists exist to push
back against that not necessarily
against war but against a heedless rush
toward anything I mean our job is to be
skeptical and ask real questions why is
no one doing that and anyone who does is
attacked so you know just about every
name that you mentioned in the media who
who attacked you for raising questions
about whether or not we ought to
actually go in bomb another country are
all essentially neo cons the the same
people who were doing this in 2002 and
2003 saying anyone who asked questions
about whether we should actually go to
war and remove Sodom Hussein a little it
was a mirror of the Saddam regime they
did the same in 2011 when it came time
to remove Gaddafi they said if you're
against that war it means you love
Gadhafi and you want to see him
slaughter people it's just the standard
tactic and what we have now is this kind
of union between neo-cons who who have
now once again kind of been embraced by
both the establishment wings of the
Republican and Democratic Party and the
militarist and Bowl party people like
Lindsey Graham and lots of Democrats who
love every single war and so this
climate arises that you're just supposed
to cheer when it comes time to drop
bombs on other countries not ask whether
there's evidence to justify it not ask
whether it will do any good not ask
whether it will kill any civilians and
if you do ask those questions it means
you're on the side of America's enemies
it's an incredibly authoritarian tactic
that gets used to suppress to me so
let's understand this we have a
Republican president and the networks
that at least in name are supposed to be
liberal networks like CNN and MSNBC they
are not the ones actually resisting the
Republican president who's about to get
us further involved in a war another war
about to attack directly the Syrian
government and on the Republican
propaganda Network Fox News and make no
mistake about it that's exactly what Fox
News is you have a few voices that are
bucking orthodoxy and saying no I don't
agree with the Republican president and
what it looks like he's about to do
right now man what a weird bizarre world
we live in if you told me you know the
day Trump got elected that this is what
would happen that you'd have Trump
taking us to war in Syria even more so
than we already are by the way because
we have been bombing Syrian aligned
troops in there and we have of course
funded and propped up rebels and backed
rebels but if you told me he was gonna
get us even more involved there and that
the dissenting voices would not be
coming from the liberal networks the
so-called liberal networks I would have
said no there's no way that that's true
because the
people who proclaim the most that
they're part of the hashtag resistance
and that that's all they're about as a
resist we have to resist this terrible
president he's so bad you would think
that they would take I don't know one of
the main things that Trump is about to
do which is super unpopular and they
would say yes we're gonna be we're gonna
be leading voices in the charge against
against this but no they're theirs
they're nowhere to be found and that's
so wild to me and it's all so wild that
look at this reflection that you get in
the media of public opinion they give
you a misperception that well everybody
agrees that we should be going to war
you know like I said all across the
nightly news MSNBC CNN basically every
establishment pundit is in favor of
going to war in Syria and like Glenn
Greenwald pointed out the last time they
bombed the Syrian air base Fareed
Zakaria came out there and said now his
presidential Brian Williams spoke about
the beauty of our weapons but that is a
total and complete misdirection from the
opinions of the American people because
to the extent they've done polling on
this issue and they did all the way back
in I think it was like 2013 when Obama
first floated the idea of going into
Syria it was something like 17 percent
of the American people or 20 some 21
percent or thereabouts were like yeah
let's go to war in Syria which means the
overwhelming majority not just of
Democrats but also independents and
Republicans said no we don't want to go
to Syria so you have this you know
silent majority in the country this
broad swath of the American public and
then in the media you flipped those
numbers so it's about 80 percent maybe
more maybe over 80 percent of pundits in
the media say no we should go to war and
20 percent are against it but in the
country it's 80 percent who are against
it and 20 percent who are for it so this
is how again I hate to bring this up
again cuz I bring it up seemingly every
show but this is exactly like Noam
Chomsky's manufacturing consent this is
exactly what he said would happen and
what he says does happen when it comes
to corporate media in the u.s. you have
basically an entire
apparatus that is more beholden to the
US government and power then state
government is to other governments so
when you look at state media excuse me
that that's why I was trying to say
state and media is beholden to other
governments so when you look at state
media you go well obviously they're
gonna be the biggest puppets of their
funding source their funding source
being whatever respective government it
may be when you look at you know RT well
they're funded by Russia so they're
gonna be beholden by them you have al
Jazeera who's funded by Qatar so they're
gonna be beholden to them BBC funded by
the UK so on and so forth but Noam
Chomsky's point was no no it's actually
a little counterintuitive corporate
media is actually more beholden to the
US government than then state media is
to the respective governments that fund
them and his reasoning is listen they're
the elites that run these corporations
are in the same circles
as the establishment politicians so it's
all the billionaire class and so you're
gonna get a picture of the world that
reflects their interests and what is
what is the war in Syria do does it
reflect the interests of you know your
average Joe in Kentucky no it reflects
the interests of the military-industrial
complex so this is it we're doing it
again man this is Iraq all over again
this is Libya all over again we did an
intervention in Libya and then now today
we have open slave markets in Libya so
even though everybody can accurately and
correctly point to Gaddafi and say that
guy's a [ __ ] monster it is also true
that the u.s. of course we were under no
direct threat of attack from Gadhafi and
then what business is it of ours to go
in there and [ __ ] topple the guy when
what followed is even worse
same thing with Saddam in Iraq nobody is
Pro Saddam when they said hey let's not
do the war in Iraq what they're saying
is he's posing no direct threat of
violence against us so this isn't a
defensive war this would be an offensive
war on our part and then furthermore you
have no idea what would come next you
don't know what would come next you
don't know if it's gonna be worse what
replaces him and then now in this
situation we're talking about by the way
report from a few years ago found that
about 60% of the Syrian rebels are
hardline Islamists and then now these
geniuses in the West the neo cons are
saying well we should topple them and
then everything will be great
are you [ __ ] kidding me so who do you
thinks gonna fill that vacuum the most
competent and and you know powerful and
persistent fighting force in the region
that's Isis and al-qaeda
that's Isis and al-qaeda that's not
conjecture
that's not opinion that's a fact and
they're also this just this idea that we
care that you know oh my god Donald
Trump and the neo-cons in the deep state
they care so deeply about these Syrian
civilians really they care deeply about
civilians is that why Donald Trump
wanted to ban Syrian refugees he cares
so much about these people that he's not
gonna let any of them into the country
stop like this is [ __ ] it's you're
spitting in our eye with the lack of
logic here Donald Trump brags about
torturing he said it at the State of the
Union that he signed a pro torturer
executive order that guy who likes to
torture people that guy who likes
extrajudicial prisons that guy who said
repeatedly he wants to take out the
families of terrorists meaning kill
civilians and Middle East that guy now
you have liberals and Democrats who are
begging that guy to do humanitarian
intervention well how the [ __ ] can a guy
who doesn't have a humanitarian or moral
bone in his body do a humanitarian
intervention
it makes no [ __ ] sense that makes no
sense and then also the u.s. is
currently involved in a genocide in
Yemen were aiding or abetting were
funding a genocide in Yemen we arm Saudi
Arabia and we bomb with Saudi Arabia
mosques hospitals open-air markets
schools their block hating the country
they're not allowing in food so millions
of people are starving there's a cholera
outbreak which is totally preventable
but we're not allowing in the medicine
to cure it so as we are flat-out
assisting a genocide we pretend like Oh
so much about civilian casualties well
there's an easy way to stop terrorism
stop participating in it so you stop
arming Saudi Arabia you stop arming all
these you know irrational dangerous
actors in the Middle East including
Israel by the way there's vicious
oppression of Palestinians going on on a
regular basis so you want to you want to
help human rights around the world stop
arming insane regimes the u.s. supports
73 percent of the world's dictatorships
so you can't say we care about democracy
and freedom and human rights when that's
the reality you can't say you care about
civilian deaths when you know the ROE
hinga Muslims are being massacred
there's a genocide going on there - in
my anmar and what's the reaction from
the US [ __ ] crickets now I'm not
saying we should get involved in that
instance I'm not saying we should get
involved in any of these instances the
only time we should use unilateral force
is when there's a director at a violence
against us now if you want to talk about
the international community getting
involved in the sense that we have the
UN get involved and you want to do
humanitarian aid you want to do genuine
defence in situations not of a civil war
but of a genocide then I'm with you and
everybody's with you everybody's in
favor of humanitarian aid everybody's in
favor of actual defense of communities
that have zero ability to defend
themselves when it's a legit genocide
like roaming the Muslims for example but
what we're talking about here is
unilateral United States military force
to get involved in the middle of a civil
war we're in one side is somebody we
call a brutal dictator and the other
side is primarily jihadists and hardline
Islamists what the [ __ ] would we get
involved in that for well the answer is
power geopolitical dominance and control
money natural resources this is what
goes into our decision-making in all
these different conflicts that's what
goes into it if you are really naive
enough to think well I mean come on this
is more about human rights well then you
I mean that's like comical at this point
if you think that I mean if you're
ignorant on the issue
and you're you know you haven't looked
into it yet like the history of the
United States and and what we've done
with our foreign policy we've been at
war ninety-three percent of our history
did you know that 93 percent of USSR
we've been at war so you know if you
happen to believe like every time we do
anything it's for human rights and for
freedom and democracy well then you just
need to learn the history of the United
States and then you go okay so that's
[ __ ]
but I mean if you don't if you think I'm
wrong
the fact is you're empirically incorrect
like we we know as a matter of fact
you're incorrect so don't even so here's
the thing there are some people who
genuinely want to be humanitarian
intervention estándar those people that
they're wrong is that listen you're
being used like your goodwill as a human
being is being used it's being exploited
you're a useful idiot you're a puppet to
an establishment that has no interest in
protecting civilian lives but uses that
as moral cover to dominate the world in
an imperialistic fashion okay so again I
just told you if you want to do genuine
defense and you want to do humanitarian
aid where there are actual genocides
going on sure I think everybody would
agree to that but when you talk about
unilateral US force well you talk about
getting in the middle of a civil war I
