so remember the big bank deregulation
bill that we discussed last week well it
was advanced last week and last night it
just passed the Senate now the optics on
this are absolutely unbelievable because
yesterday during the day you had a
national school walkout over gun
violence where students were demanding
action to get common-sense gun reforms
in place and the Senate responds by
deregulating wall street I mean I've
never seen a better example that's just
a microcosm that's a perfect
that's the quintessential example of how
gone our government is and how corrupt
and disconnected from the people it is
because you have nationwide protests
this giant movement of like we're gonna
get some basic gun reforms universal
background checks ban on high-capacity
magazines we're gonna walk out of school
in order to do this and the government's
like oh isn't that lovely
anyway let's give CEOs on Wall Street
more money and more power what and it's
gonna speed up the next crash so here
let me show you Public Citizen says the
following breaking 16 Senate Democrats
joined Republicans and passing the bank
lobbyists act a massive rollback of the
Wall Street reforms enacted after the
2008 financial crash and then they
continued here remember these names the
next time Wall Street tanks our economy
and taxpayers are left to bail out the
big banks and they show here all the
Democrats who voted with the Republicans
Joe Manchin of course Claire McCaskill
and then you have Nelson Peters Shaheen
Stabenow tester Warner Bennett Carper
Coons Donnelly Hasan Heitkamp Jones
Kayne Hilary's [ __ ] VP pick Tim Kaine
Jesus man and by the way the amount of
money that these Democrats take from the
financial institutions is mind-boggling
I mean they are swimming in Wall Street
cash and that's why they did this and
then after the fact they come up with
this [ __ ]
nationalisation that they used to
deflect an obfuscate when they're
questioned on it and they argue no no
see what we're doing is we have to work
with the Republicans in a bipartisan way
because America loves bipartisanship and
this actually gives us a better chance
of getting reelected oh it's not the
case that you know Democrats who win in
a red state like Doug Jones who won in
Alabama the Democrats in that state are
not sitting around and the Republicans
in that state are not sitting around
like you know it would be wonderful if
we had an even more corrupt system if we
gave the big banks and Wall Street even
more power nobody's saying that nobody's
saying that that's a [ __ ] argument
it's corporate Democrats going I have to
agree with the Republicans to get the
moderate voters in my state to get
reelected but the people who put Doug
Jones over the top
it wasn't moderate Republican voters it
was the base the Democratic base it was
women and people of color and poor
people who came out of the Woodworks to
go vote for doug jones and then the
second doug jones gets in power he stabs
them in the back I mean you couldn't
come up with the worst strategy it's a
guarantee that Doug Jones is gonna lose
in the next election now if doug jones
went in the opposite direction and he
voted in a populist left-wing direction
and he didn't deregulate Wall Street and
he tried to get the people of his state
free college and Medicare for all and a
living wage and strong unions if Doug
Jones fought for those things then the
base would come out to vote for him even
stronger next time and he has a chance
of winning and in that case you might
actually get some crossover Republican
votes if you are fighting for the people
because average your Republican voters
they don't what you think they're
sitting around going man we really got
to give Goldman Sachs more power no no
so they do this massively corrupt action
because they take a tremendous amount of
money from big banks in Wall Street and
then they lie to themselves and tell
themselves well no this is what my
[ __ ] voters wanted and this is I
think this is good because I'm being
more moderate I'm being more
every time the Democrats try this
strategy they get wiped out every time
every time whenever the Democrats run to
the right whenever they become more
moderate whenever they're more centrist
what that really means is they're more
corporatist and they're doing the
establishments bidding and listen you
ran the [ __ ] experiment Obama was a
neoliberal corporatist at the end of the
day he did some good things but a lot of
what he did was status quo [ __ ]
guess what Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi
definitely neoliberal corporatists and
the Democrats lost over a thousand seats
with that philosophy and that ideology
Hillary Clinton lost a Donald frickin
Trump a guy who's a fake populist what
more evidence do you [ __ ] need what
more this is proof but they don't care
because again that's the way the system
works the system is they're getting so
much money from big banks and Wall
Street that honestly they don't even
care even if they knew that this vote
would hurt them in the next election
which they probably don't know they
wouldn't care it's like okay well I got
to raise more money the next election
anyway so I got it I got to do this
bidding but I could be as good of a
person as I want to be as long as it's
not you know hurting my donors well then
you're just stabbing your own
constituents in the back and by the way
this is so shameful I want to show you
how the media is treating this so
Politico says the following Senate
passes deregulation bill scaling back
dodd-frank okay so far nothing
objectionable the bill which was years
in the making was a rare bipartisan
bipartisan accomplishment at a time when
Congress is gridlocked on almost all
major issues they described it as a rare
bipartisan accomplishment this is the
virus in mainstream media and corporate
media they have this built-in assumption
that they don't even realize is an
assumption which is bipartisanship is
good by definition because working
together and compromise is good by
definition
but it's not good by definition it
matters what's in the compromise what
are they agreeing on oftentimes
Democrats and Republicans agree hey
let's keep illegally bombing Syria that
doesn't mean that bombing Syria is a
good thing just because Emma Kratz and
Republicans in Washington agree the
content the substance of what they are
greeing on not only matters it's [ __ ]
everything in the conversation it's
absolutely everything and oftentimes
what you find is Democrats and
Republicans when they do agree they
agree to screw you so I'm in the rare
camp that says there's not too little
bipartisanship in Washington all
corporate media will say that's the case
there's too much bipartisanship in
Washington because most of the time when
Democrats and Republicans agree they're
coming to rob you for their donors so
this is what we're dealing with this is
what we're dealing with we're dealing
with a corporate Democratic Party that
happily crosses the aisle to deregulate
Wall Street which speeds up our next
crash and we're dealing with the media
that refuses to educate you and refuses
to call a spade a spade the whole job of
the media is supposed to be to give you
information and to educate you give you
the proper perspective in context on
what's happening any journalist who does
the bare minimum of what they're
supposed to do would say the Senate
deregulate votes to deregulate Wall
Street this kind of legislation led to
the Great Depression and the stock
market crash in 1929 and led to the
subprime mortgage crisis and the Great
Recession in 2008 historically whenever
you deregulate and cut taxes for the
rich which is exactly what we've done
anytime you do that you have what's
called a boom bust cycle so everything
takes off and it was like oh my god the
economy is great the good times are
never gonna end and then the bubble
burst and then everything tanks I mean
we just went through this
we [ __ ] just went through this and by
the way dodd-frank all it was was a
band-aid with a little bit of mint over
a gaping gangrenous
and that didn't really fully address the
root problem with what was going on I
mean we didn't even get after the 2008
crash we didn't even get glass-steagall
implemented we couldn't even get
glass-steagall I mean that was a
no-brainer all you have to put back in a
place glass-steagall we even get that we
got this watered down giant loophole
bill dodd-frank which is barely a half
measure if that and now they're trying
to take away every single decent part of
that that remains by the way in this
bill we discussed it in the last segment
but just to give you an idea they
weakened the leverage rules of course
one of the main things that's going to
lead to another problem now they define
a small Bank anything that 250 billion
dollars worth or less it was 50 billion
dollars or less and it used to be that
banks it had 50 billion or more while
they're gonna be regulated more strictly
so that we don't we make sure that we
don't take risks that are gonna crash
the [ __ ] economy again well now they
said no let's up that cap from 50
billion to 250 billion and they say it's
okay because we're only we're only
making life easier for small community
banks community what the [ __ ] are you
talking about you know who one of the
companies are that benefits as a result
of this that small community institution
known as American Express so they're
just they're gonna [ __ ] crash the
economy again they just put it on
steroids and human growth hormone
we were already gonna face another giant
crash now it's just gonna come even
sooner and they act like this is the
right thing to do cuz my donors paid me
to do it shameful listen the humanist
report made a great point about this on
Twitter he said when it crashes again
all the senators who voted and the
Congress people who voted to deregulate
further have them pay for the entire
bailout have them pay for it cuz what's
gonna happen is it's gonna crash again
and they're gonna come begging to the
American people to tap theirs well we
got a well we have no choice who could
have seen this coming this crash who
could have seen it coming and now we
have to bail them out how about go [ __ ]
yourself how about you bail them out how
about that because we already
about once and we got hosed in the
process regular people haven't gotten a
raise since 1980 our wages have been
stagnant since 1980 half of workers in
America make $30,000 a year or less and
the greed and recklessness of Wall
Street they crash the economy bankrupted
their own companies and then the
government goes well since they pay us
our political donations we're gonna make
regular people bail them out so just
regular taxpayers with normal jobs oh
please if you own a [ __ ] deli or if
you own a dry cleaners or you own a
small grocery store and you go under
government doesn't come in and [ __ ]
rush to help you but if you own a giant
hedge fund and you're making casino
capitals bets and then you crash your
own company and the economy we have to
turn around and bail you out
[ __ ] that [ __ ] are you kidding me but
this it's gonna happen again
it's gonna happen again it's gonna
happen again it's gonna happen again and
shame on the [ __ ] Democrats they
couldn't have gotten this done if it
wasn't for the Democrats they couldn't
gotten it done and the [ __ ] media
describes it as a rare bipartisan
accomplishment how lazy how lazy do you
have to be as a journalist to not do
basic research to find out that
historically deregulation crashes the
economy it happens time and time and
time again cut taxes for the rich
deregulate giant crash it happens all
the time
and the media instead of educating you
it's just discussing this it's an
accomplishment cuz Democrats and
Republicans agree I don't give a [ __ ] if
Democrats and Republicans agree
have you noticed by the way that
Congress has an approval rating of
anywhere between 14% and 21% have you
noticed that have you noticed that is
that an accident or all the American
people wrong about what they think about
DC or are they right because they know
on some level they're being screwed and
we always keep voting for the lesser of
two evils
and we're voting for different groups of
corrupt people hey which donors are
going to win this time around the
Democratic donors or the Republican
donors and by the way there's a lot of
crossover because big pharma and
for-profit health insurance companies
and wall street donate to both of them
the military-industrial complex too
donates to both of them so we know
they're representing their donors are
not representing us and the [ __ ]
media is not pointing out what's goddamn
obvious and people have to come to
YouTube to shows like mine some random
[ __ ] with the microphone they have to
come here
for me to explain this basic [ __ ] to
them how sad is that because you're not
gonna get the answer you're not gonna
get people saying pointing out the
obvious and shitty outlets like Politico
cuz you got all you got
oh you got a cool 50/50 and that's what
they did in the article by the way
they're like well Elizabeth Warren says
this move is bad because hey it might
lead up to the next crash but the
Democrats who voted for it said oh
that's misleading and their point is XYZ
tell us who's [ __ ] right tell us
who's right but they're not gonna tell
you who's right because they want to do
the uh-huh [ __ ] neutrality bias and
establishment bias and by the way I saw
an article Bob Woodward legendary
journalist but you know what he said
oh I you know I I'm an objective
journalist because I don't pick sides
Bob that's not objectivity
that's not objectivity objectivity is
telling the truth no matter what
that's what objectivity is means it
doesn't matter how many people I piss
off it doesn't matter how partisan my
rant might be it doesn't matter if I'm
being clear and saying this side is
right in that side is wrong objectivity
is telling the truth no matter what what
Bob whatever it is describing his
neutrality he's saying hey I don't pick
sides it Who am I to judges that this
side says this at that side says that
who am I to judge
that's 50/50 that's a neutrality bias
and that's [ __ ] because that means
if somebody comes along to give an
extreme example here but it illustrates
it perfectly if somebody says two plus
two equals four and somebody else says
two plus two equals 22 Bob Woodward's
idea of objectivity is I'm just gonna
tell you that one person said two plus
two equals four and this other person
said two plus two equals 22 I'm not
gonna make a value judgment but that's
the [ __ ] problem as a journalist must
give information and educate people and
if you're educating them you say by the
way the guy who says two plus two equals
twenty two is wrong wrong but they're
not doing that and in fact if anything
they skew the article in the other
direction because the framing is you
know this is a rare bipartisan
accomplishment
so the opposition party is not doing
their job the corporate Democrats are
going along with the Republicans and the
media is not doing their job they're
muddying the waters I feel like we live
in the [ __ ] Twilight Zone I feel like
we live in the Twilight Zone because
we've seen this unfold again and we're
going right through the same steps and
it's gonna [ __ ] happen again and
anybody with a brain knows it
