Alexandria Ocasio Cortez did an
interview with Chris Cuomo on CNN and he
decided to Pelt her with right-wing and
establishment talking points the issue
here as you're about to see but I'll
explain after the clip it's all in the
framing take a look look beyond gender
we're talking about getting ahead of
ourselves we should be focusing on
gender very much but they want and if
you look at why the women won almost to
a person they were much closer to the
center and the traditional democratic
views than what we're seeing with some
of the other new crops you included do
you think that that is a reflection
about how much change your party can
take and how soon that more of those
candidates are winning because they're
healing more closely to traditional
democratic standards well I think you
have to take a look at two things where
the American people are at and then also
what wins campaigns and it's no secret
that while grassroots campaigns
absolutely are have have their place and
are very strong in voter turnout when
they are able to turn out voters money
does win elections and so when you have
you know PAC groups that are able to
pour in half a million to a million
dollars per race that absolutely makes
makes an impact however nothing changes
the fact that the majority of Americans
believe an approve of Medicare for All
single-payer health care seventy-four
percent of Democrats believe in Medicare
for all so I think that the electorate
and the American people are very clear
about what they value and what they want
but at the same time we do live in an
environment where money and unlimited
money wins a lot of elections and so
when you have organizations that are
able to you know write a blank cheque
that absolutely has an impact in races
but I think what we do know is that the
we are winning really hearts and minds
and we are winning an American consensus
on on where we are going for our future
you know there's that expression of
journalism that the truth you know that
democracy dies in darkness you need the
light of truth dies and dark money also
if you could get dark money out and you
can't yeah because the Supreme Court was
really clear on it and I'll have to see
if
Court sees it any differently I'm not
sure that it would dark money 100% that
is a nonpartisan issue then you get into
the partisan issue of money which is man
do you want to spend a lot of my tax
money on these proposals that you and
Bernie and others have Medicare for all
college tuition maybe even housing that
the green new deal that you have it is
all very expensive especially on the
single-payer side and that it gives
people sticker shock even in Bernie's
home state they got sticker shock they
couldn't get it done in his state
because of how expensive it is and that
was an eleven percent increase in taxes
nine to eleven percent even that was too
much for people how do you pay how do
you sell it so first of all the thing
that we need to realize is people talk
about the sticker shock of Medicare for
all they do not talk about the sticker
shock of our of the cost of our existing
system you know in a Koch brothers
funded store uh you know study if any
study is going to try to be a little bit
slanted it would be one funded by the
Koch brothers it shows that Medicare for
all is actually much more is actually
much cheaper than the current system
that we pay right now and let's not
forget that the reason that the Supreme
Court upheld the Affordable Care Act is
because they ruled that each of these
monthly payments that every day
Americans make is a tax and so while it
may not seem like we pay that tax on
April 15th we pay it every single month
or we do pay a tax season if we don't
buy you know these plans off of the
exchange so we're paying for this system
we Americans have the sticker shock of
health care as it is and we're also not
talking about is why aren't we
incorporating the cost of all the
funeral expenses of those who died
because they can't afford access to
health care that is part of the cost of
our system why don't we talk about the
cost of reduced productivity because of
people who need to go on disability
because of people who are not able to
participate in our economy because they
have accident because they are having
issues like diabetes or or they don't
have access to the health care that they
need I think at the end of the day we
see that this is not a pipe dream every
other developed nation in the world does
this why can't America and that is the
question that we need to ask we have
done these things before we write
unlimited blank cheques for war we
right a to Trent we just wrote a two
trillion dollar check for that tax cut
the GOP tax cut and nobody asks those
folks how are they gonna pay for it so
my question is why is it that our
pockets are only empty when it comes to
education and health care for our kids
why our pockets only empty when we
talked about a 100% renewable energy
that is going to save this planet and
allow our children to thrive we only
have empty pockets when it comes to the
morally right things to do but when it
comes to tax cuts for billionaires and
when it comes to unlimited war we seem
to be able to be to invent that numb
that money very easily and to me it
belies a lack of moral priorities that
people have right now especially a
Republican Party yeah she did very well
there and Chris Cuomo should be ashamed
of himself because he just put on a
master class in establishment [ __ ]
and listen it's not if I don't think he
did it on purpose I think that he has he
has adopted that framework as his actual
framework of reference I think that the
way he asked those questions it's
already embedded in his mind that these
what do you mean these are just a given
like my framing here's just a given
this isn't biased this isn't
pro-establishment this isn't a
right-wing framing but as I'm about to
explain to you and break down for you it
is exactly that and infuriating Lee so
so from the beginning notice that very
first question there he says well gender
aside and we shouldn't put gender aside
because it was all women who won he says
well the reason why these women won is
because they were more moderate
establishment candidates so he see what
he did there he hit to establishment
talking points in in one one of them was
ah we are us the establishment we are
actually so progressive in fact we're
maybe even more progressive than you
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes why because i
back women
I'm in favor of the women so in other
words mix feminism yet again
Micke feminism it's the bastardization
of identity politics for cynical ends
those ends being serving the status quo
and moderation which by the way the
status quo is actually not moderate so
it's extreme it's extreme in a
right-wing direction it's it's extreme
extremely biased in favor of the moneyed
interests but it's a way that they get
to say hey I'm lefty ER than now even
though I am literally not when you look
at the policies but I'm gonna Pat myself
on the back and Pat the establishment on
the back by saying oh we're so
enlightened because we have more women
candidates see so isn't isn't shouldn't
we all only care about identity and
shouldn't we care you know just about
surface [ __ ] because that's that's
the way you're more liberal even though
we want to serve the establishment with
those diverse faces so and then the
second part of that is establishment
candidates he's like flat-out saying it
like oh yeah they're more establishment
so that isn't that the way to go because
so many establishment candidates won now
notice something anytime establishment
candidates lose they never say it is
because they are establishment
candidates and that philosophy that
ideology doesn't sell never whenever an
establishment candidate loses to them
it's a fluke it's a one-off it's not
indicative of a larger trend now flip
the script whenever it's the opposite
it's because of their ideology that they
want an establishment candidate one it's
obviously because they love people of
the establishment it's got to be because
they love the establishment so in other
words it didn't even occur to Chris
Cuomo the obviously correct point that
Alexandria Ocasio Court has made which
is it's the money [ __ ] every time an
establishment candidate wins it's
because they flooded the airwaves with
ads they had more money they got their
name out there more so people probably
even know about the left-wing candidate
and the other instances in which the
and candidate wins it's because there
could be some genuine vote splitting on
the left like what happened with Abdul
el Syed and what's-his-face I forget his
name already founded are in in Michigan
so there was genuine vote splitting
because there were two left-wing
candidates and one establishment
candidate so the left-wing vote was
split and in the stash one candidate won
and thany dar by the way it was a
[ __ ] liar and that's the problem with
him not that he was in the race it's
that he's a [ __ ] liar and he was in
the race because he's not actually
left-wing he wanted he was a Republican
but he ran is like a Bernie Sanders
style Democrat so I mean look at that
it's always if the establishment wins
it's always because they're brilliant
and because that's what people want when
the left wins it's a fluke it's a
one-off it doesn't count that's
effectively what he's saying now he's
also just wrong on the facts here why
there were 12 our revolution candidates
that one and at least six justice
Democrats that one including female
justice Democrat candidates Talib is one
example Sarah Smith is another example
so there you go two female candidates
who are Justice Democrats and he's got
nothing to say about them nothing to say
about them in fact they don't count I
you did I mean you didn't do well did
you Alexandria Ocasio Cortes sure your
side is all grassroots funded is that a
giant money disadvantage it's harder to
get the name out there but I unit you
didn't do well because you're not as
popular as the establishment there were
over a thousand seats that were lost
under Barack Obama Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi and they never acknowledge
that and say hey maybe people hate the
establishment Donald Trump one running
an anti-establishment message against
the most establishment candidate ever
he never said hey maybe people hate the
establishment never happened Jesus
Christ and then okay then we get to she
talked about money in politics and
what's his response well okay well you
get dark money out I guess that's a good
thing but you can't get it out because
that's what the supreme court said and
then it's an even more contentious issue
to say we should get all money out
contentious among who Chris yes among
your circle that you run in with other
rich [ __ ] that make too much money
on TV it's contentious in your circles
it
not at all contentious among the
American people in fact depending on
what poll you look at it's over 80
percent or over 90 percent of the
American people that want money out of
politics not just dark money dark money
means people who donate but in
corporations and and billionaires who
donate but they get to hide their name
and just give the money so you don't
know who's given who but dark money's
not the problem see this was the Hillary
Clinton Hillary Clinton's old trick it
was like we need to make sure we get
dark unaccountable money out of politics
and everybody every gullible person we
go oh oh yes that's so true so great why
did you add the words dark and
unaccountable because what Hillary
saying is we need more transparency so
our politicians should be bought off but
we should know who's buying them off
that was her position money in politics
is fine just let me know who's buying
who off that's supposed to be the
position that supposed to be on the left
oh please the real left-wing position is
clean elections publicly financed
elections get all the private money out
of the system not the dark unaccountable
money the private money the money period
so it look at that framing the framing
is that naive pie in the sky you're
talking about getting dark money out
that's sure that might be a good idea
but the Supreme Court said no so I mean
what are we gonna do and then getting
money out all come on that's extreme no
what's extreme is the current system our
elections are bought in this country
that's why we have an oligarchy Chris
it's because billionaires and
corporations buy our politicians then
get favorable policy why do you think it
is that for example 63% of Americans
want Medicare for all and we don't get
it why is that over 90% of Americans
want a universal background check on
guns and we don't get it 58% of
Americans want free college and we don't
get it only 17% of Americans still want
to be in Afghanistan but we're still in
Afghanistan why do you think that is
Chris because the moneyed interests
they're doing what the moneyed interests
wants 80% of Americans want to raise the
minimum wage and the politicians haven't
raised the minimum wage why is that
Chris because the money in the system
the extreme system is what we have right
now but she looks at he looks at
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes like oh so
naive why don't you understand that the
status quo is what it is why are you
trying to make the system better Oh
gross
and then finally
the classic he does this all the time he
did it in an interview recently with
Bernie Sanders oh you sure do want to
spend a lot of my tax money now don't
you is expensive how do we pay for it
Donald Trump and Mike Pence just
announced a [ __ ] space force a
new branch of the military in space
did anybody say oh yeah you can't afford
this this is stupid pie in the sky
[ __ ] toddler like thinking nobody
said it and by the way there was it's
not like they brought it up and they
were like ok now let's debate it they
brought it up and they were like we are
doing the space force and the dumbasses
in a stylish media were like yeah I
guess we're doing the space force anyway
it sounds like good idea wasn't that
gonna be awesome guys as can be awesome
so like Alexandria points out giant tax
cuts for the rich that blow a
trillion-dollar hole in the deficit no
talk about deficit spending at all none
no talk about oh my god can we afford
this I don't understand corporate
welfare every year 80 billion dollars a
year go to the big banks as corporate
welfare trillion-dollar bailout of Wall
Street that just happened not that long
ago endless war seven trillion dollars
when all is said and done in Iraq seven
trillion all what does he have to say
we're trained to not bring up the cost
when it's stuff like that because we're
just supposed to grandfather that into
the way our system works you can't
question defense spending cost we love
the traps the traps I support are true
this is the ideology this is the mindset
he was trained to be a good little
establishment [ __ ] boy and that's what
he's doing and so whenever it's for you
education health care you can't afford
it you so naive [ __ ] unicorn fairy
dust so idealistic grow up grow up and
accept the status quo exactly as it is
Jesus come on they paid me well and
that's all it matters this is what's
going on inside his mind man it's
subconscious it's not on purpose
but he's totally drunk the establishment
kool-aid and he's clueless about it even
to the point where he brings up like Oh
Vermont tried to do single pay
Aaron they couldn't even get it done
there why Chris why do you think that is
because of a concerted establishment
effort to get them to not do it because
the private health insurance companies
we're gonna [ __ ] them over if they did
it that's why because it hurts their
bottom line the funny thing is as he
accuses Alexandria Ocasio Cortez the
subtext of everything he's saying is
you're so naive but you're the naive one
you don't even understand how giant
organized moneyed interests organized
capital how they can impact elections
and impact government for favorable
outcomes for their own pockets you don't
even understand that you're bringing up
that Vermont couldn't get a
medicare-for-all in their state a
single-payer system in their state
you're using that as evidence that
although single-payer systems can't work
every other developed country as a
single-payer system every other one
every other we have Medicare in this
country that ranks way more popular than
our private system why cuz it's better
cuz it's better even the VA which
everybody loves to shriek about the
problems of the VA even that ranks
better than our private system but he's
just all of the evidence third he backs
up his establishment position that's
what he just believes you know he
doesn't even understand that there's
counter evidence to it and then again as
she points out even according to a coke
funded study this saves what about a
trillion dollars over a decade I
originally said 300 billion it turns out
it's more than that so even according to
a right-wing funded study Medicare for
all saves a trillion dollars and he
still framed it as you sure do want to
spend a lot of my tax money don't you
well you sure want to spend a lot more
of your own money on health care don't
you because if you're saying I don't
wanna do Medicare for all I want to do
the system we currently have you're
spending more money and you're getting
worse health outcomes and 30,000 America
30 million Americans are uninsured and
up to forty five thousand don't have
basic health care and we pay double so
he doesn't he doesn't understand
anything but he just casually buys into
a right-wing framing and he's not even
correct when he says all you want to
spend a lot of my money no
she's actually proposing that we save
money and cover everybody and if you
gave a [ __ ] to do even a little bit of
homework you would [ __ ] know that
but you don't but that's okay cuz that's
why you're in the position you're in
because of what your last name is
nepotism that's why Cuomo's there Mario
Cuomo was the governor in New York
obviously andrew Cuomo is the governor
of New York right now
Cuomo Nate last name is big in politics
especially in New York that's why you
are where you are cuz your last name and
because you're willing to serve the
establishment shame on you
