hello hello hello everybody I have a
very special guest today Allyson Hartson
US Senate candidate from California
she's running against Dianne Feinstein
in the Democratic primary thanks so much
for joining me I really appreciate it
I just realized my headphones are
plugged in oh well I hear you good can
you hear me now good or not okay
I like how we both have no clue what
we're doing with stuff like this same
with every interview I do so there's a
lot of stuff I want to I want to talk to
you about you are
I think the first Senate candidate that
I've ever spoke to done an interview
with on air so I'm excited for this but
I'm also excited just because of what's
been happening with your campaign
recently I mean it's really taken off
and you can see even on like Twitter you
know you'll regularly say something and
it'll blow up and I'm like ooh now you
know old but you know the old political
establishment would look at that and
they kind of laugh like oh like Oh
Twitter mentions are important like oh
okay all we care about is getting our
billions of dollars but I think that
there really is kind of like a snowball
effect happening in terms of you really
getting your name out there and really
having a chance in this election so let
me just start with that basic question
do you think you're gonna put up a good
fight or possibly even knock off Dianne
Feinstein yes well first of all if I get
into the general all signs point to
completely obliterating her I in
November just have to get past the
primary and that is only seven days away
so the question right now is because
it's pretty expected that she's going to
take first place on June fast
just being the incumbent right so the
question now is who's gonna take second
place because we have a top two jungle
primary here meaning for those who don't
know your your party doesn't matter
anybody can vote for me they don't have
to change their party and it can
two Democrats that actually make it
which is what happened in the last one
as well and so this is relatively recent
for California so the likelihood is and
anybody who's a serious challenger right
now is running as a Democrat and right
now every poll almost every poll that
has included me has me statistically
tied for second so you take that and
combine the fact that I am beating every
single candidate six to eight times on
social media every single week we are
not plateauing we continue to climb that
means people who are liking following me
engaging sharing etc those are real
people that the media is ignoring that
the polls aren't grabbing right and then
and then you combine on top of that the
number of volunteers that I have I have
over nineteen hundred volunteers who are
making phone calls and knocking on doors
of people who aren't being pulled and
making sure that we're getting those
people to to the to the polls and and no
other candidate and any other serious
candidate is ever talking about their
volunteers because they don't have any
then you add on top of that the number
of small dollar donations that I have I
am cleaning the clock on smaller dollar
donations
seventy-two percent of my donations are
small dollar two hundred dollars or less
every single other candidate is either
self-funded or most of their money comes
from large dollar donations so that
again translates into real people who
are supporting me on every single level
so that's like a Bernie Sanders style
campaign you're getting most of your
money through small individual donations
which is basically probably the best
week model we could use other than
actually getting an amendment to the
Constitution to get money out of
politics so I want to talk to you a
little bit about that wolf pack but
before we get into what you did with
wolf pack I want to ask you a little bit
about your life before Wolf Pack what
did you do before wolf pack I was a
public high school teacher for ten years
I
taught in a low-income district serving
predominantly first in second-generation
students from Mexico I taught English
and then I also design intervention
program for students who are at risk of
not graduating high school so I was
working with students who statistically
wind up in prison or wind up on the
streets wind up in gangs wind up with
drug problems or even addictions I had
students coming into this program who
were already involved I had students who
were homeless who of course were
struggling with focusing in school and
my job was to design a way to help keep
these kids off the streets help them not
become a statistic and make sure that
they not only graduated high school but
were able to go on and do what they
wanted to next with their life at least
have those opportunities and so many of
my students ended up going on to college
and graduating college and it's it's
been really successful and so so that's
what I did prior to this which is what
ended up leading me into Wolfpack so
what what made you want to get involved
with Wolfpack well it was really the
movement of getting money out of
politics and prior to Wolfpack I was
volunteering with every single get money
out group that I could get my hands on
so I what I was interested in doing was
finding out for myself what is the best
way for us to overturn citizens united
and related cases if it's not that what
are other ways that we can possibly get
campaign finance reform so is it
transparency is it at the state level
the local level the federal level there
are so many ways to come at this and so
I volunteered with every single group I
was still teaching at the time of course
and I was really frustrated because
every group I found amazing people but
no solution no lasting real lasting
solution that actually addresses the
issue of how money is corrupting our
political system so I was really
straighted and i started to I just
continue to do research online and I
found wolf pack's website so I actually
didn't know the young turks at the time
I didn't know who gen Cougar was and I
found this website it was probably like
15 pages deep in my Google search and it
was like the the most like rickety kind
of site you've ever seen and I I assumed
that like two dudes were sitting in
their living room through this website
together and we're like we're gonna
figure out how to know how to save the
world and so then I I mean I remember
specifically sitting in my living room
saying well now it's gonna be too good
two dudes and a gal volunteer and the
rest is history and you've had some
success with Wolfpack correct like
haven't you actually gotten you know
some some state governments to take
action yes so almost as soon as I signed
up the the team took off we had
practically no action here in California
to get our measure passed through the
state legislature so I eventually built
a team I became the California State
Director I was still a volunteer at this
time and then organized thousands of
volunteers throughout the state and
successfully led the passage of that
measure through the state legislature
once that was done I thought it was
gonna go back to my life okay I got that
I that that's that's the nice thing to
put on the mantle and and let the other
states do their thing but it didn't work
out that way other seats other states
needed my help to basically replicate
the model that I had built in California
so I turned around and did the same
thing in New Jersey and Rhode Island and
eventually I became the National
Director of Wolfpack and it and I
stepped down from teaching it was a
really really difficult decision to make
because I I got into this in large part
because of being a teacher because I
really want to help reform and
strengthen our public education system
but I I realized that the fastest way we
can
any institution any issue that we're
fighting for the fastest way we're gonna
do it is to attack the root cause and
since the root cause is by and large
money in politics we we have to focus on
that so I became the National Director
we've now passed our measure in through
five state legislatures we are
introduced in over 25 states we've
passed it and through several state
chambers either the house or the Senate
and and now here's here I'm running for
US Senate taking that experience to
straight to Congress is the goal so the
goal is you get money out of politics
and then is part of the amendment
publicly financed Clean Elections like
is that in the amendment itself it's not
in the amendment itself right now but it
certainly could be that is something
that that people talk about the
amendment itself the way it works is
there's two ways to get an amendment to
the US Constitution so you can either do
it through Congress or you can do it
through the states and if it goes
through Congress it has to pass each
chamber with a two-thirds vote and if it
goes through the states then two-thirds
of the states have to pass it which is
thirty four states whether it goes
through Congress or whether it goes
through the states it still has to then
be approved by the states known as
ratification where 38 states have to
approve of it whether it came from
Congress or a state convention so so the
one of the things to that I want to add
is we're really coming at them from
every angle we're making sure that as
important as it is to end this
corruption that we don't leave anything
on the table we are working to to get
big money out of politics at the state
level at the local level at the federal
level to get this US Constitution
history shows us that the way that you
get a constitution is by coming at it
from through these these convention
measures through Congress so get me into
the US Senate and I can actually
introduce the Amendment myself so
there's a there's a coalition of groups
working on this
American promise is one of the group's
right now that is really helping to
bring all of these groups together and
actually talk about the language design
the language for the amendment itself
and there's a there's a rich discussion
about what does say what does it not say
how much do you leave in the to the
Constitution and how much do you leave
to the legislation that follows that
constitutional amendment so right now I
know that like Genk would like to see
publicly funded elections in the
constitutional amendment right now I'm
of the opinion that it would need to be
legislation that follows that
constitutional amendment so we'll see
what comes from that but it I am a
strong proponent of replacing our
privately funded elections with publicly
funded election so it sounds to me like
your diagnosis of the problem is similar
to mine and that when you look at the
political landscape in the u.s. what you
find is a complete and utter disconnect
from the will of the American people
through the opinion polls and the laws
that end up being implemented so you
know there's just to give a few examples
over 90% of the American people want a
universal background check on gun
purchases I believe it's over 60% of
people now want to legalize marijuana
and you know only only 17% of the
American people
still wanted to be in Afghanistan and
that was from a poll done all the way
back in 2013 I haven't seen a poll on it
since then nobody even bothers to ask
the question but basically the point is
here you name the issue and basically
the Senate and the house representatives
are just ignoring the American people so
can you talk about that a little bit and
tell me what what what are your issues
what are you gonna bring to the US
Senate what are you gonna fight for yeah
well you know another thing as far as as
which maybe there's a little irony there
over 90% of people near it's around 97
it depends on the poll depends on the
year but over 90 percent of people also
want to overturn Citizens United can
relate to cases and it's
very issue that in large part has led us
to where we are where those who are in
office can completely ignore the will of
the people and keep getting away with it
we have legalized bribery and we see
this play out in one issue or area after
another where white-collar crime is
legalized essentially and so you know
the what we need to do Medicare for all
is is a no-brainer I think it's even as
high maybe 70 percent is actually here
in California maybe it's closer to sixty
percent nationwide college for all is a
no-brainer federal minimum wage I say
living wage tied to inflation because by
the time we get it it will probably be
higher than fifteen dollars an hour but
whatever that living wage is make sure
we tie it to inflation and we need to
have a green economy that replaces our
war economy we do those things right
there we're gonna be in really really
good shape but there's a number of other
things that we need to do as well and I
think that we can do at the same time we
in order to be able to accomplish this
we're going to have to hold our
corporations and the wealthy accountable
for paying their taxes and we also need
to make sure with as far as publicly
funded elections go that that everyday
people can run for office and
legitimately have a chance at winning
because I believe at one of the reasons
why the the legislation that we see
being passed and and it's not just in DC
it's at the state level to the the more
expensive our federal races are becoming
it's trickling down to this to the local
level to be a millionaire or no a
millionaire to run for office for the
most part and what that does is can you
hear me okay yeah you broke up there for
a second but I could hear you pretty
well
okay okay okay good it says poor
connection on my part but what that does
is it makes it so that it's not just
money that corrupts its
it's the people you surround yourself
with so it's the fact that we have a
bunch of wealthy elite people whose
perception of reality is completely
different from ours who are governing
and legislating on behalf of our lives
they're passing legislation that
reflects the way they think the way they
live they don't know what it's like to
have to decide between buying medicine
and and putting gas in your car or or if
you're going to give up that vacation at
work just so that you can make that
overtime and make more money so that you
can like buy your kids new clothes for
school I mean just little decisions like
that that they don't ever have to
consider and and so that is what is is
really creating this this huge this this
this huge gulf between our will and and
what they will to happen and so that
Princeton study that came out a few
years ago that showed 0% of the will of
the people as reflected through
legislation but what it did show is that
I think it's like something like 30
percent of the time it does reflect our
will but only if it is what the wealthy
elite also happened to one right so let
me ask you a question are you willing to
buck the Democratic Party when you're in
the Senate because we know that you're
gonna run into just a you know a
waterfall a tsunami of nonsensical
proposals from the elitist Republicans
in Washington everybody understands that
but you also will run into the people
who will tell you in the democratic
party that in order to be pragmatic and
in order to be realistic oh we need to
go to the right and meet the Republicans
halfway and listen you can't wage a
revolution overnight and you're gonna
hear all of these things coming at you
from the likes of Chuck Schumer and from
the likes of you know the leadership of
the Democratic Party are you willing to
buck the leadership of the Democratic
Party and tell them no I have a mandate
from the people and the polls are clear
so you need to do your job and reflect
the will of the people
yes I look forward to spending the first
two years doing that and then we'll have
more progressives in there in 2020 2021
what I have to do is go in there and
hold down the fort and you know there's
there's no way I'm under no weird
illusion that I'm gonna get in there and
all of a sudden get all of these
policies passed myself that's just not
the way it works so what I'm doing the
the strategy for our progressive
movement is get progressives like me in
office we open the door and it's gonna
be a floodgate they see that a campaign
like this works I mean we're already
seeing senators like Cory Booker and
Kamala Harris start to come around on
some issues refusing to take corporate
PAC money signing on to Medicare for all
because they see the writing on the wall
now that will change that's all gonna
stay simply rhetoric unless we keep
holding their feet to the fire and we
keep coming after them and so their next
move should I get in there is going to
be to soften me up and to make sure that
I understand how to be pragmatic I have
to stand strong just like you were
describing and then more people are
going to see how that how it works
more progressives will run more
progressives will win we will have a
voting bloc by 2021 and start getting
our legislation passed and you know the
other thing too is that every single
time there's there's there's
compromising when it comes to getting
legislation passed but there's also that
fine line of not compromising our values
our progressive values and also
understanding how to negotiate you don't
start in the center with negotiating on
what you want to get with our
progressive policies past so every
single time you start to to really
compromise on our values then you
whittle away and that's how you start to
see me
the maybe people who are in office who
truly were somewhat progressive at some
point are even more Center and they keep
moving that way and that's what I mean
by having the wealthy elite in there or
being surrounded by them you start to
lose perception of the reality for
everybody else and so not not just other
people myself I have to be careful that
when I'm there I'm not just surrounded
by them all day every day because that's
what happens to anybody and so and it
just compromises your integrity and
that's where that corruption comes from
in large part so I have to I have to
make sure that I'm doing things like
coming back to my state of California
holding town halls regularly doing town
halls like this virtually even when I
can't get back to California and stay
connected to the people so and that also
helps me to stand strong when I'm there
on the floor or in a committee hearing
sometimes and oftentimes going to be the
lone voice speaking on behalf of the
rest of us but I look forward to it so I
ask that question because um you know
one of the problems I see is that even
when the Democratic Party is not wrong
on an issue often times I would
criticize them heavily and say hey
listen you have the same donors as the
Republicans in some respects whether
it's for-profit health insurance
companies or Wall Street or the
military-industrial complex but there
are issues where the Democrats are
better like for example the overwhelming
