Elizabeth Warren went on Seth Meyers
show and she showed her weaknesses here
since she plans on she overwhelmingly
likely plans on running for president in
2020 you're gonna see how there are some
instances where substantively she's not
as strong as she should be but also not
as strong as she should be when it comes
to messaging let's take a look
it does seem as though one of the things
when you talk about how the rich are
being taken care of money is obviously
playing a huge role in politics and I
feels that the Democratic Party also has
to answer for the large amounts of
corporate money they've taken over the
years you don't take corporate PAC money
but do you think that the Democratic
Party has to take a stronger stand
against taking corporate money or is
that just the price of doing business
so look I've been worried for a very
long time about the impact of money in
Washington you know money just doesn't
talk in Washington it shouts it screams
it commands but let's never lose sight
of the fact that the Trump
administration is the most corrupt
administration in our lifetime and think
about example after example that right
now the Saudis can funnel money directly
indirectly into Trump's pockets through
the Trump Hotel that the head of the
Environmental Protection Agency is a
coal lobbyist and can I tell you about
Gary Koch sure go for it yeah so here's
the deal so Trump is setting up Trump is
setting up his administration this year
and a half ago he's setting up his
administration he brings all these
goldman sachs guys i swear to you they
could have opened a branch office of
goldman sachs right there in the white
house it should be noted this is the
same goldman sachs that donald trump
railed against hillary clinton for
giving paid speeches - exactly that one
okay so he brings in these goldman sachs
people but one of them was very special
Gary Cohn is was a major executive at
goldman sachs and he is going to be the
special adviser to the president
economic advisor to help get the tax
laws
change so goldman-sachs gives Gary cone
a little gift on the way out a third of
a billion dollars I think of it as a
sort of pre bribe and then Gary cone
goes off and writes the tax laws helps
Ram them through Congress and goldman
sachs makes billions of dollars off the
change in the tax laws let's call this
out for what it is
corruption pure and simple mention you
mentioned the saudis i also want to ask
this because i feel like we are so we
tend to get so focused on what's
happening in DC and what specifically
happening with this presidency you wrote
a letter today i believe to the
commander Central Command about this
horrific bombing in Yemen a bombing that
killed civilians killed children this is
Saudi this is the UAE but it is US
backed in that munitions in that
refueling and intelligence can you
explain a little about what you asked
for in that letter sure so this is an
unfolding humanitarian crisis and the
United States is not dropping bombs but
it is helping the Saudis with arms it's
helping the Saudis with refueling and it
now appears it's helping the Saudis
target and pennpoint I think that if the
United States is going to be that
directly involved in a humanitarian
crisis then the American people have a
right to know exactly what's going on so
as I've talked about before
I think it's relatively clear that
Elizabeth Warren is the second best
senator that we have and obviously
Bernie's number one and I don't want to
act like she's like the you know the
cadre of corporate Democrats because she
is better and we should give credit
where credit is due I don't think any of
the the hardcore corporate Democrats
would have ever come up with the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and
prodded Obama
to add that to dodd-frank that's exactly
what Elizabeth Warren did so she does
deserve credit too you know for being
better than the stable of corporate
Democrats that pretty much run the show
in Washington DC now having said that
this clip really does demonstrate the
the good side and the bad side of
Elizabeth Warren
so her answer on the corruption part
money in politics was actually very good
if you just subtract one part so she
talks about okay she doesn't take
corporate PAC money great that's
wonderful hundred percent support that
that's the way it should be
um and she gives a great detailed
breakdown of just how corrupt Donald
Trump is taking the Saudi money for
example talking about how he brought
Goldman Sachs into the administration
even though you know he was railing
against Goldman Sachs on the campaign
trail totally support that kind of
argument because that's not something
you hear other Democrats say but it's
totally true because other Democrats
want that Goldman Sachs money so they're
not gonna bring that up because they
know that if they're in ever in a
position where they're running for
president they gladly take that money so
that's all fine and dandy
the part that I object to is and this is
distinctly anti Bernie in the framework
here because what would Bernie say
Bernie would say everything Elizabeth
Warren just said and he would take out
the part about oh but we have to
remember this is the worst
Administration when it comes to
corruption now why am i against that
it's actually true I think that's true
when you look at the numbers but at the
same time
Bernie makes a point of saying no as a
matter of principle I'm against the
corrupting influence of big money in
politics so it's the Democrats and it's
the Republicans so he doesn't do this
thing where it's like oh yeah I'm
against the money but obviously they're
worse he doesn't do that he takes a
principled stand against money in
politics he's you know he'll take the
small dollar donations he won't take
corporate PAC money but he also Bernie
rails against the Democratic Party and
says hey they're failing and they're not
what they should be and you know they
need to
their own house in order to win in the
next election razzle is Elizabeth Warren
you get a sense that there's a little
bit more of a deflection and there's a
little bit more obfuscation there where
she talks about money in politics but
she does want to take the spotlight off
of the corruption when the Democrats do
it so it's that answer was not terrible
I want to be clear because she did hit
many important talking points that I
always say the Democrats should bring up
about exactly how Donald Trump is
corrupt with Goldman Sachs and she
brings up the Saudi money and all that
stuff that's all fine and dandy
but I think that her approval rating
would skyrocket if she instead of doing
the okay yeah it's bad but they're worse
if she didn't do that because I don't
Bernie everything I've seen of Bernie he
doesn't really do that he just says like
yeah no I'm against the big money and
the Democrats need to stop taking it and
obviously the Republicans are bad but
the Democrats need to stop taking it and
we're bad too and remember the question
from Seth Meyers was hey should the
Democrats stop taking corporate money
you know should that be a bigger thing
among Democrats and her answer was to
say I'm against all the money but the
Republicans are worse no that's it
that's a situation where okay if you ask
Bernie that question or if you ask me
that question
my response is yes the Democrats should
stop taking less money
excuse me the Democrats should stop
taking corporate money and they should
go you know only take small dollar
donations and then if you still want to
go on to give you know the specifics
about how corrupt Trump is that's great
but you know if you're really being open
and honest you also throw in examples
like okay debbie Wasserman Schultz
here's how corrupt she is she took X
amount of money from the predatory
payday loan industry or Hillary Clinton
obviously she's not going to do that
because she ended up backing Hillary
Clinton but that's the thing is I don't
like it we're like she's right on the
overall point but she's playing hide the
ball with the details where it's like
okay yeah no totally
stop taking corporate money but they're
worse so let's focus more on them no
let's focus on everybody and have like
let's just as a matter of principle say
no corporate PAC money and every
Democrat
on board with that but she would never
say every Democrat should get on board
with that because she wants to hold
hands and sing Kumbaya with the
Democratic establishment which of course
is the exact wrong thing for her to do
if she really wants to you know do well
in 2020 I've always said about Elizabeth
Warren I think she has wonderful
instincts but the instincts are beaten
out of her by shitty corporate
Democratic strategists and my the best
example of that I think is when she came
out she flat-out said after we got after
you know I think it was the Donna
Brazile revelation and she was like oh
yeah the Bernie people were right in the
primary was kind of rigged and then
Elizabeth Warren went on TV and she was
asked hey what do you think about this
and she said yeah the primary was ranked
and then the host was shocked it was
like really you're gonna use that word
she's like yeah rigged but then within a
week she was out a backpedaling and
saying oh no did I say rigged maybe
that's a little bit too strong of a word
I think what I should have said is and
you know that my whole point was no you
were right I I know what happened in
that situation she got behind closed
doors with a bunch of democratic
strategist after she did that interview
and it blew up and they were like you
can't say that go back out there and
change it because if that sticks then
then you're not gonna have a chance in
2020 and it's like no you had it exactly
backwards she was right the first time
which is why it made news and why it was
important and then when you backpedaled
it came across as weak and also
sniveling lying because you were clearly
doing a Machiavellian political
calculation which you shouldn't have
done okay putting all that aside now
let's get to the other portion of the
answer so Elizabeth Warren um one of
very few Democrats is probably her and
Bernie and maybe just a handful of
others who are like oh [ __ ] what's
happening in Yemen is [ __ ] up son this
should stop so she wrote you know a
meanly worded letter to whoever saying
oh come on with this this is bad I'm
against this this is but don't massacre
children thank you very much but instead
of outright saying we should cease all
arms and funding to Saudi Arabia
we should sanction them we should kick
them off the the UN Human Rights
instead of saying any of that stuff what
does she say I think the American people
have a right to know exactly what their
tax dollars are going towards in terms
of who it's arming and how this is all
happening
what kind of weaselly mealy-mouthed
[ __ ] is that Liz and you know that's
weaselly in mealy-mouthed you know cuz
elizabeth warren is very smart you're
very smart so we know that this isn't
that's not how you respond to what
fundamentally is it's allegations of
genocide happening us-backed genocide so
Saudi Arabia is blockading Yemen they're
not allowing in food and necessary
medicine there's now a cholera outbreak
where millions of people have cholera
and they're not allowing in treatment
for it they've bombed hospitals they've
bombed schools they've bombed open-air
markets the civilian death count is what
over 10,000 at this point there abouts
they just bombed a school bus with
children on it and your responses I sent
a mean letter and told them the American
people have a right to know what's going
on here no you're supposed to take an
anti-war stand a principled anti-war
stand I am against backing Saudi Arabia
and doing this and furthermore we need
to apply international pressure to get
them to immediately stop doing this but
obviously step number one is immediately
cut off all arms to Saudi Arabia since
they are a terrorist regime but no and
see this is what I mean when I say there
are upsides and downsides of Elizabeth
Warren the upside is she's talking about
money in politics there she's making
really good points about corruption the
upside is she's talking she's shining
the spotlight on what's happening in
Yemen the downside is it's woefully
inadequate and pathetically short of
where she should go and again um what
I'm telling you guys is her instincts
are correct she's demonstrated time and
time again that in inside of Elizabeth
Bor and there's a real lefty waiting to
get out but she's been in Washington DC
too long now and they've beaten those
instincts out of her and every time she
has a meeting with some high paid
consultant they 100 percent of the time
give her the wrong advice and then she
ends up going out there and frankly
looking a little ridiculous because the
real lefties we're gonna look at this
and go how shameful is that you're gonna
shine a spotlight on Yemen but not call
for ending it ending the slaughter of
innocent children stopping arming Saudi
Arabia
that's not then you're not taking a
moral stand you're doing [ __ ] virtue
signaling and posturing to try to appear
like you're on the left but you're not
really advocating that left wing
position and is it really that hard to
say hey genocide should be we shouldn't
actively facilitate a genocide I mean
that would seem to be like thing one on
a list of what moral people would do but
no she brings up Yemen and then she she
slams on the brakes before the logical
conclusion come on Liz come on you think
I wouldn't prefer Elizabeth Warren being
president to Donald frickin Trump of
course I would but she needs to start
advocating the proper position on these
issues and she needs to stop listening
to those DC lobbyists because or excuse
me the consultants because they're gonna
[ __ ] her up man they really are they're
gonna ruin whatever chance she has so
you know take it for what it's worth I
hope that somehow she sees this because
she should recognize that this is not I
don't put Elizabeth Warren in the same
category as Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton I think was so immensely corrupt
and she's just the epitome of a
corporatist neoliberal war monger that
she was too far gone and that I don't
think there is
you could prod Hillary from the left and
she would be more receptive than then
probably Donald Trump if you try to prod
him from the left but she was still
there was like it was hopeless because
her whole career was every time there
was a very important and vital decision
she was reliably on the wrong side
whether it be the Iraq war or the
Patriot Act or whatever it may be you
name it the bankruptcy bill is another
great example of it so even gay marriage
she didn't support until 2013 so there
was no hope for Hillary Clinton
Elizabeth Warren there's hope for but
she keeps [ __ ] doing the doggy paddle
in the wrong direction for lack of a
better way
to describe that and I really hope that
she stops
