the intercept published some DMS that
WikiLeaks had with some of their top
supporters
I believe these DMS date back to about
2015 now some of the stuff in the DMS I
think is personal and I see no value in
discussing it so we're not gonna discuss
it other stuff I would say it's just out
of context smears
and so for example they accuse Assange
of being sexist and anti-semitic I think
the evidence that's presented on that
front is so weak and feeble and wrong
that we're not even gonna bother to
bring it up so I don't buy that at all
but we're gonna put that aside and
discuss a different part of the DMS here
and this I think is interesting I think
it's noteworthy I think it's newsworthy
and I think it merits a broader
discussion now before I continue let me
just say Julian Assange is arguing in
response to this well no you're just
wrong from your premise because though
the article and the intercept assumes
it's Julian Assange running the
wikileaks account and responding to
people through the DMS and the wikileaks
account this entire time he goes
actually no it's been well known public
knowledge for a while that we have
rotating people who end up running the
the wikileaks account on twitter so it
wasn't me for these instances and you
know therefore don't i don't know why
you're using this try to smear me it's
not true of me okay so I just want to
give you his side of the story and now
let's jump into it and I'll give you
what they said and what's causing a stir
and what my take on it is so in 20 back
in 2015 the WikiLeaks account said in
DMS to some of their friends and top
supporters we believe it would be much
better for the GOP to win
Dems plus media Plus liberals would then
form a block to rein in their worst
qualities with Hillary in charge GOP
will be pushing for her worst qualities
Dems and media and neo liberals will be
mute she's a bright well-connected
sadistic sociopath
and then they continue here GOP will
generate a lot of opposition including
through dumb moves
Hillary will do the same thing but
co-opt the liberal opposition and the
GOP opposition
hence Hillary has greater freedom to
start wars than the GOP and has the will
to do so
so as Glenn Greenwald points out that
yes mainstream media is gonna spin this
a little bit and they're gonna act like
that's it Julian Assange is Pro Donald
Trump now Glenn says well no because you
have to look at the context of his
entire argument what he's saying is hey
maybe in the long run Donald Trump will
be better for left-wing causes that's
Glenn green grin Glenn Greenwald's
interpretation of what Julian Assange
allegedly is saying here or what the
WikiLeaks account is saying here and
yeah I mean in context that's the
argument he's making he's saying hey
listen if Trump wins it actually would
be better in the long run but not
because Julian Assange and/or WikiLeaks
supports right-wing causes but more
because they think it's it's the
backlash effect argument that he's gonna
be so bad that you're gonna there's
gonna be a wave of people on the Left
who are principled and write about
issues overtaking the Democrats and then
that leads to a Democratic Party that's
effectively what it should have been all
along whereas he says if Hillary wins
you make it so that the louder voices on
the Democratic side of the neoliberals
and the GOP will sit silently by while
Hillary starts more wars so actually if
you believe in left-wing causes it would
make it would be better in the long run
of Trump won so that's the argument he's
making now is that an argument that's
true
well I would argue it's half true and
half untrue so what do I mean by that
well I don't I don't like it when people
discussed the 2016 election in a way to
suggest that there was any win
on the table because there wasn't there
was no win on the table at all
again the WikiLeaks account is arguing
well it's better if Donald Trump wins
because that'll lead to a left-wing
backlash and then we'll get good
Democrats finally elected well no you
don't know that at all you don't know
that at all
it's a lose-lose if Hillary wins it to
lose because she's a corporatist
neoliberal war monger if Donald Trump
wins it's a lose because it turns out
ultimately he's a corporatist
neoconservative war monger so that's a
lose-lose
there's no spinning it like oh hey maybe
a positive in them mmm oh no if you're
trying to spin either one as a positive
you're cherry-picking to the point of
absurdity okay so I just want to I just
want to dismiss this notion outright of
any option being a win if Hillary won it
was a loss if Donald Trump won it was a
loss and that's why so many people were
frustrated now to the idea that oh if
Donald Trump wins that'll lead to a
left-wing finally the right people will
take over the left well again that's
half true half untrue so Donald Trump
the theory is oh my god these people
will block Trump from everything he
wants to do that's negative well that
didn't happen
so right now Donald Trump is bombing
eight different countries Obama was
bombing seven Trump added Niger for good
measure so we were bombing seven
countries under Obama which was already
horrific now we're bombing eight
countries under Trump now we're
permanently occupying Syria so the
Democrats did not give an opposition to
that they went right along with it
there was a 432 percent increase in
drone strikes under Trump there was a
report from air wars that just came out
that said that's a trump in one month or
excuse me one year killed more innocent
civilians with drones than Obama did his
entire time in office and that's not
because Obama was good on this issue
it's because Trump is that bad on this
issue because Obama killed 90 percent
the wrong people he just didn't do as
men
drone strikes as Donald Trump so the
Democrats did not at all rein in Donald
Trump when it comes to drones not even
close
Donald Trump loosened the rules of
engagement in Niger specifically and
also Somalia he goes yeah tired of this
thing of hey maybe we kind of have to
wait until it's defensive for us to do
anything let's just get rid of the rules
of engagement and you have a massive
increase in civilian casualties like I
described even though it was already bad
under Obama again if the argument from
WikiLeaks was hey the left is gonna
fight back and stop Trump from doing all
these terrible things well look at what
happen with the Paris climate agreement
Trump pulled out of it and Democrats are
sitting around with their thumbs up
their asses screaming about [ __ ]
stormy Daniels a porn star screaming
about some memo [ __ ] they're mad
because Trump said [ __ ] hole you're
under estimating the ineptitude and how
terrible and weak the Democrats are if
your theory is any Republican president
no matter how bad will lead to a
principled backlash from the Democratic
Party now again you're not gonna get
that principled backlash you do see on
the grassroots there's an attempt okay
we have to try to fight back and have
populist left people take over the party
I know because I co-founded one of those
movements just as Democrats okay its
energy on the Left it's forcing people
like Kirsten Gillibrand and Cory Booker
to stop taking corporate PAC money
that's all good that's all fine and
dandy but the pushback is a hell of a
lot slower than it should be and the
Democratic Party joining this left-wing
movement and actually being principled
is happening 1/100 as fast as it should
in order to be ineffectual opposition to
Donald Trump this Democratic Party is so
weak in their opposition to Trump it
makes me [ __ ] sick it makes me sick
how they sit around while he he just
destroyed our entire tax system made it
so the next crash is going to happen
very soon and at one point four trillion
dollars to the deficit to give 83
percent of the benefits of the tax bill
at the top 1%
raise taxes on everybody making $75,000
a year or less and when the Democrats
were asked hey are you gonna run on this
issue and say we're gonna repeal and
replace Trump's terrible tax bill that
gives all the money to the rich the
Democratic response was no we're gonna
restore balance so the notion that oh my
god Trump would be ineffectual and get
nothing done and [ __ ] the Democrats
would be able to stop him on everything
he does that didn't happen that didn't
happen he's getting a lot of [ __ ]
[ __ ] done even if it's not mostly
through legislation look at all of his
[ __ ] executive orders his shitty
executive orders three million people
got kicked off for health insurance
because in his executive orders you know
for every one new regulation you need to
get rid of to now because of his dumbass
executive orders there they destroyed
the fuel remaining regulations on Wall
Street because of his executive orders
so it's not true to say hey Trump is
going to lead to a backlash that's gonna
know didn't there is a backlash
happening but it hasn't taken root and
it's not the the predominant movement on
the left or for example you wouldn't
have had that story that just came out
about how you have Democratic officials
tell candidates who want to run the
first thing they say is can you go
through your phone and raise like a
quarter of a million dollars right now
and then if the person says no they go
we're not interested in you so you're
gonna tell me that this Democratic party
that has that philosophy is gonna be a
sufficient opposition to Trump they're
not they go along with them the majority
of the time so they're just not so that
theory is wrong the only narrow way in
which it's right is that among the
grassroots you're seeing that kind of a
reaction but the grassroots is still
being held down by the corporatists okay
and then of course there's other
examples the marijuana crackdown there's
no pushback from the Democrats the you
know you have Jeff Sessions doing a
marijuana crackdown right now you have
the Supreme Court the idea was oh my god
if Trump wins well then just have the
Democrats block a vote on this
Republican supreme court pick until the
next democratic president
that's what the Republicans did they
said we're not gonna allow a vote on
Merrick garland no matter what we're
just gonna block them for like over a
year [ __ ] off we don't care [ __ ] you
[ __ ] you so the argument was well let's
if Trump wins hey might be a good thing
because then the Democrats will be able
to do jiu-jitsu and do the same kind of
option and reaction and say we're gonna
not allow you know whoever they pick and
turned out to be Neal Gorsuch on the
course on the court
well they didn't they folded immediately
as I would have I predicted I knew
they're gonna fold because the Democrats
saw they suck so the point you know that
I would argue is it's not better at the
GOP won of course it's not it was a
lose-lose WikiLeaks Assange whoever said
that and that's a that's a naive way of
looking at it like oh maybe it'll be
good if Trump went no it's shitty if
Trump wins it's shitty if Hillary wins
and if you go rigidly and strictly by
the issues it would just be slightly
less shitty if Hillary had won the only
difference as far as I could tell
were those very narrow areas like
Hillary Clinton obviously she wouldn't
have been as shitty with the Supreme
Court cuz she said I would have kept
Merrick garland up who's a shitty
centrist but that's better than
far-right judge like Gorsuch you know
Hillary would not have pulled out of the
Paris climate agreement so slightly
better than Trump on issues of climate
change so there are a few differences
where Hillary was better but my main
argument here is it was a lose-lose
either way and the idea that and I'm
gonna quote it again that we believe it
would be much better for the for the GOP
to win that's naive if you believe in a
left-wing agenda that's naive man it was
a lose-lose and it did not come to
fruition that oh if Trump gets elected
everything he wants to do will be
blocked and Democratic socialists
immediately will take over the party
that didn't happen that didn't happen we
tried
we [ __ ] tried goddamn it we really
did but at the end of the day they're
still the overwhelming dominant force in
the party of the neoliberals which is
why Trump is getting away with so much
of the [ __ ] that he wants to do so I
would just I would just say stay away
from this kind of faulty reasoning
because it is faulty at the end of the
day it is faulty I see the theory he's
laying out but it just turns out to not
be empirically correct by the same token
I don't think the opposite is true
either that's why I said he's half right
half wrong because the opposite argument
is no if Hillary wins then everything
will then it'll be good it wasn't good
if Hillary won it wouldn't have been
good either it just would have been
slightly less shitty
but in either situation you still have
neo liberals being the dominant strain
in the Democratic establishment and you
still have the far-right Neo
conservatives being the dominant strain
in the Republican Party and listen some
people argued hey wait WikiLeaks
released the DNC emails I defend them to
this day doing that and I will continue
to defend them for WikiLeaks released
the DNC emails and I don't even care how
they got them I don't even care if they
got it from Russia fine don't give a
[ __ ] I need it it's good that we saw
that a primary was rigged more truth is
always a [ __ ] good thing okay so it's
a good thing that we saw the leaks of
the DNC emails
some people argue yeah but they should
have released the RNC emails too and to
that I say well maybe they didn't have
access to them but now I get the sense
that even if they did have access to the
RNC emails they wouldn't release them
and maybe I'm wrong and I hope I'm wrong
because I like WikiLeaks but the fact
that they're whoever was running the
account Assange or not was saying we
believe it would be much better for the
GOP to win well that leads me to believe
that yeah they would probably only
release the damaging information on
Hillary because they're saying hey I we
believe it's better for the GOP to win
so if you believe it's better for the
GOP to win why would you leak something
that would hurt their chances right now
again maybe I'm wrong and
I hope to god I'm wrong man I really do
because in my mind if you believe in
leaks in a principled way you should
believe in them in the case of the [ __ ]
are you going on behind the scenes of
the DNC and the definite [ __ ] that is
potentially going on behind the scenes
at the RNC I guarantee you there's a
whole bunch of [ __ ] up [ __ ] going on
behind the scenes at the RNC so I would
just hope that WikiLeaks would be able
to put aside their own personal politics
and do the across-the-board leaks you
know on DNC [ __ ] but also on RNC
[ __ ] and they can put that aside the
fact that in their estimation quote we
believe it would be much better for the
GOP to win so that's my take on it and I
hope moving forward that when we get
leaks the leaks are gonna be in the
interests of the American people
regardless of the partisan politics of
it
because I don't care about the partisan
politics of it I care about exposing
wrongdoing across the board that's my
concern
