CNN did a panel talk with female Trump
voters to see what they think of the
upcoming midterms so let's see what they
had to say and then we'll talk about it
how many of you feel that you want to
send a message of some kind with the
midterm vote tell me more I feel at age
44 when I am living paycheck to paycheck
and concerned about my future but more
importantly my daughter's I feel like
there's a lot riding on the elections
coming up because you're from Wisconsin
I am and so that was a state that handed
president Trump a victory that was
unexpected let's just say I voted for
Obama in eighth and I ended up voting
for Trump it was very difficult for me
but I knew at that moment that I wanted
change and for me he represented that
change what is your plan for how you
plan to vote now for the midterms at
this I plan to vote Republican I am very
confident in the economic status of
where we're at now what Trump has done
and hopefully what he can continue to do
in the future if he has the support
behind him he is a very flawed human
being but aren't we all I kind of am a
split person my children say I'm a very
confused Democrat because I vote
Republican but now I find that the I
like at the local level the Democrats
the ones who are affecting my life every
day why do the Democrats speak to you
more now I think that they're more into
social justice and the social programs
we want to make a difference in the
lives of these people that are not
seeing what everyone else is seeing is
any part of your vote in the midterm
going to send a message you hope to
President Trump do you feel differently
about your vote today for him oh I
definitely feel different about my vote
for him you know he voted my Christian
values I was hoping he would probably be
more of the candidate that would deliver
that for me
and I still maintain hope that his
Supreme Court pics are gonna have made
voting for him worth it for me I'm
standing behind Donald Trump because of
his conservative values you know having
the faith-based community with him is
very important to the Latino community
so yes I am voting Republican and I did
not register ever until 2015 is that
right so yeah you had never voted
until this a presidential no I felt that
you know our faith-based community
needed support and what was it about
President Trump that made you think that
he had those Christian values he was
actually talking to faith-based
communities for me for the midterm my
message is more to Democrats than
Republicans my local elected officials
are the reason for and have are the
reason for the deterioration of our
community
it is Democrat decision making that has
widened the divide between the haves and
the have-nots your basic sending a
message to your local exactly because
the local politics are why I am
Republican today the latest poll numbers
show that only 36 percent of the country
approves of the job that he's doing with
women it's lower only 29 percent of
women approved 65 percent disapprove why
do you think that is Ally
well it starts with talking about
women's face lifts I think it's it's
disrespectful I think the majority of
women I don't think that they see him as
a respectful Pro woman kind of man
especially people my age in my age
demographic it's a huge deal that he's
not supportive of easily accessible
women's health care um in terms of
planned parenthood they feel like
they're losing the right to birth
control pap smears abortions so Ali
you're not happy that you voted is it
fair is that fair characterization yeah
yeah I part of the reason I voted for
him was because I thought he was gonna
be the one of the two candidates to make
our national security a high priority
and make us safer on our own grounds in
our own territory but when you're making
fun of foreign leaders and being coming
buddy-buddy with Vladimir Putin it it
shakes me up a little bit my fear with
President Trump is that his extra
marital affairs will make it more of a
norm that the children will think this
is acceptable behavior and it's not it's
hurtful behavior the whole stormy
Daniels thing I don't agree obviously
well with what has gone on in the past
if I could only vote for a candidate who
has been perfect his or her entire life
I could only vote for Jesus Christ well
yeah that was hard to watch all of that
was hard to watch if you could only vote
for a perfect candidate you could only
vote for Jesus Christ you know I think
that there's quite a gap between a guy
like Donald Trump and your perception of
the perfect man / God Jesus Christ if
you wanted to get as close to that
philosophy as you could you know the
philosophy of a kind loving open-hearted
person who cares about people and cares
about the poor and wants to give
everybody health care and better wages
and stuff Bernie Sanders was probably
your bet
but no what a stupid excuse for voting
for Trump Hey look like a vote for
perfect like only person I could vote
for is Jesus so instead you went with
the guy who said we have to take out
their families talking about killing
civilians on purpose which would be the
definition of terrorism you went with
the guy who you know was caught talking
about I grabbed him by the [ __ ] I don't
even wait wait for what that would mean
consent I don't wait for consent I just
grabbed him by the [ __ ] doesn't
sound very Jesus like to me doesn't
sound very Jesus like when he said wages
are too high as he did in one of the
debates so I'm just saying okay so that
was this one of the silliest parts let's
go through it because some of them I'm
slightly sympathetic to some of the
points that some of them made but to
most of it I'm not at all sympathetic so
one of the ones I'm sympathetic towards
is she said well look I want to change
so she said I voted for Obama and I
guess apparently under Obama her life
didn't get necessarily better her
economic situation whatever may be so I
want to change okay I get that and I
think that that's one of the one of the
driving reasons why a lot of people
voted for Trump is they think oh he's
gonna shake stuff up and really bring
change and make it he's not gonna listen
to the establishment look at him he's
off he's off his rocker
but that could actually have some
positive effects so I actually
sympathize with at all it's change okay
fair enough but then she goes on to say
when I asked oh how you gonna vote now
she says omen vote Republicans in the in
the midterms what well you didn't get
the change that you thought you wanted
and now you say oh I'm gonna double down
on not getting that change by voting
Republican again but then she goes on to
say well look I trust the economic
situation that we're in so in other
words Trump's endless marketing about
his economy has worked on her and she
thinks like oh yeah the economy's doing
fantastic but that's just not true
wages are still stagnant they've been
that way since the 1980s half a working
people in this country make thirty
thousand dollars a year or less seventy
six percent of Americans are living
paycheck to paycheck twenty nine million
Americans don't have health insurance we
are in a giant bubble the tax cuts
overwhelmingly went to the rich 83% of
the benefits went to the top one percent
it was a giant corporate tax cut the
stock market is soaring because there
were a lot of stock buybacks as a result
of the tax cut for the rich so it is all
a house of cards and apparently she
doesn't know that and Trump's marketing
has worked on her then somebody said oh
I voted for Donald Trump because of my
faith
okay that's sad that's sad I don't know
what else to say about that because I
honestly don't even know what that means
because as we've spoken about on this
show before you can drop that excuse out
under any circumstance like I just said
you could look at somebody who's a very
kind hearted open-hearted politician who
means well who does good things like
Bernie Sanders and you say well he's the
most christ-like so I voted for him
because I'm a Christian somebody could
say that okay that would make sense but
then you also have people who are
Republicans you know people like Mike
Huckabee and and Rick Santorum and their
right-wing fundamentalist Christians who
go oh that I support them because of my
faith so you could use your faith to
back up any [ __ ] political ideology
you want so it's almost like you're just
super imposing your own political
beliefs onto your faith and saying God
agrees with me on all these things and
then you're rationalizing it and that's
what that is I voted for Trump because
of my faith I mean listen other people
have pointed this out I don't know the
reality of the situation but let's just
say it's likely that his he's doing a
tap-dance
you know like oh yes I am so religious
really Donald Trump is super religious
he just strikes me as a super
narcissistic and selfish dude and the
fact that you can't see through that
means I question your judgment so all he
had to do is go out there and make mouth
noises in favor of you and your
community and and that's it you decide
it all he's my man and I'll vote for him
how silly is that I mean that really
does not speak well of your intelligence
if all he has to do is go out there and
say you know Christians unbelievable
people tremendous people let me tell you
and you're like oh I must vote for him
like what the [ __ ] is that it's like
when he said to 2corinthians over here
remember that is they are there 2
Corinthians 2 Corinthians walk into a
bar oh it's so sad then we get somebody
saying well you know hey I wanted to
support him for national security and
safety I don't know what that means but
my guess is what you're saying is I like
the fact that he was talking about
bringing back torture that's my guess
maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm being unfair
but when you say oh I supported him for
national security in
safety my guess is you like the we're
gonna do we're gonna do a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims into the
United States my guess is you like that
my guess is you like the wall rhetoric
my guess is you like the torture [ __ ]
that that's my guess when you say oh I
voted for him for national security and
safety but then she throws a twist at
you and says oh but I don't I I think
I'm not gonna vote in that direction
again because it's really scary to me
that he's buddies with Vladimir Putin
well that's a silly statement in my
opinion in the other direction because I
would rather have even with kim
jeong-hoon who's a monster I would
rather have our government have a
positive relationship with these people
so that we avoid war so that it you know
the more Vladimir Putin
excuse me the more Trump and Kim Jong
hoon suck each other off on on Twitter
well actually kim jeong-hoon doesn't
have twitter so we can't do that but the
more of a positive relationship they
have where they give each other
compliments the better for everybody
except means we're not going to war
honestly same thing with Vladimir Putin
I know people oh my god it's a collusion
in Russia I'm blah blah blah blah I
don't want to go to war I don't want to
have World War 3 I know people who might
not be well-versed on the geopolitical
situation think that wasn't gonna happen
anyway I don't know about that look at
Crimea in the situation that happened in
Crimea look at the escalation on
Russia's border with NATO troops all
this stuff is serious with our fighter
jets in and our ships in the Black Sea
right on Russia's border that's all
serious I'd rather have a line of
communication open there so to be all
he's too buddy-buddy with Latimer Putin
if he's if they're an [ __ ] if they're
[ __ ] to each other that puts us on a
in a much scarier situation and then
finally one of them said oh you know my
problem with him is the extramarital
affair and I think that you know kids'll
might start to think that's normal and
that's not okay listen Trump's an
[ __ ] I got it you got it it's the
clearest thing in the world did he have
an extramarital affair or multiple
extramarital affair affairs yes there's
so much evidence there whether stormy
Daniels or Karen McDougal which was
actually a relationship stormy Daniels
was more of like a one-night stand where
he promised oh you get on the apprentice
and then he didn't fall
through with Karen McDougal it was like
a relationship so is he an [ __ ] and
did he have these extramarital affairs
yes does that impact his ability to do
his job no it just doesn't it just
doesn't so in other words if Bernie
Sanders was president and come to find
out and not to not to besmirch his name
cuz this probably is not true but I'll
throw it out there anyway if we
hypothetically learn Bernie was cheating
on his wife but he's president that
doesn't mean medicare-for-all is any
less valid that doesn't mean $15 minimum
wage is any less valid that doesn't mean
free college is any less valid I mean
I'm just saying that's the reality of
the situation so and then she says oh
well my problem with that is the kids
will think it's normal I guarantee you
children are wholly unconcerned with
what Donald Trump is doing with his
little orange mushroom so really just be
honest that's you saying oh I don't like
it because I don't like it and that's
fine but just admit that that is you
okay so you got nothing do with the kids
kids don't know about that there are
other reasons I'm concerned about kids
watching seeing what Trump happened to
do whether it's the endless wars or
whatever it might be but the extra
mounter marital affair that just exposes
what we already knew he was anyway which
is a [ __ ] scumbag so a personal
scumbag so yeah overall that segment was
kind of hard to watch because you don't
they're just not very good reasons in
either direction even the people who are
like oh I'm not gonna support him again
even their reasons were not good reasons
even when I agree with them on the
outcome you know I used to say on your
tests like Oh show your work when they
show their work their work is dead wrong
even though they got to the right
conclusion that's what I saw there and
then never mind all the people who are
like I know I'm still gonna I still
support them let's just say in summation
those are shitty reasons across the
board
