hello hello hello everybody what's up
welcome to the shiz oh we make a whole
show and no [ __ ] issues weird issues
it'll happen at some point the
definitely yeah like the random like you
know weird connection or whatever yes
[ __ ] freezin or like you you hear me I
don't hear you yeah well that one was
rare but cross your fingers on that one
that was a random one like I'd never
happened before I know I feel like it's
doing that [ __ ] right now like you're
sort of like going slow but I think I
think it's gonna pull through for me my
computer well my internet is on point
so that's your [ __ ] I should become a
Mac from like 88 like the first [ __ ]
that came out it's an old Mac it's like
a 2000 something Mac it's like one of
those silver laptop ones but it's like
one of the first shits
yeah they had that silver thing for a
long time yeah the way that they yeah so
we got a lot of um we should just change
the name of the show to Kyle and Correns
poles because not only does that sound
gay as [ __ ] it also is like what we just
do on this show now yeah that's it would
make its way on to you porn if we just
named this like there's the there's the
lesbian how do they put it lesbian
soccer mom fart compilation is on there
cuz of Leon and it's me making my fart
noises on air he put that up there and
it's just I came across that I'll be I
think I wouldn't be tight I'll be I
would be excited no it's amazing because
there's thousands of views on it and the
light rate is like over 90% that's
hilarious yeah so I mean I guess that's
just because people who listen to the
show
like I retweeted it I think once so
people who listen to the show watched it
and they were like that's funny and they
liked it but could you imagine you're
you got some like weird fetish of
hearing like lesbians fart on each other
and like you're looking it up and like
you see actual videos like that and then
there's just me yeah anyone who went to
that [ __ ] like without knowing you yeah
definitely has a problem yeah they'd be
pissed there's that guy brandon waddell
who's a comedian who uploaded like they
uploaded a part of his
Podcast to you porn or something or horn
hub and it said like I don't know
something about like young boy [ __ ]
blows whatever some some dude it was
like a joke they uploaded it like that
and Matt dislikes so like it somehow
made it I don't know if it made it to
the main page of pornhub or whatever oh
man like people were clicking on the
video expecting to see him like blow
somebody and when he didn't people were
mad I mean lookit understandable if
you're on a porn site and you're trying
to jerk off like you're gonna want to
see what you came to see yeah
oh that makes me feel so dirty for even
being on that site that people go on
that site like looking for weird [ __ ]
like that oh yeah there's a [ __ ] I wish
I remembered the name of it there's this
thing that live tracks what people are
searching on porn on a porn site and it
was [ __ ] devastating like it's not
like you would think that a large chunk
of them are just searching for like
whatever [ __ ] big tits you know but
good [ __ ] like just random like
Street the normal like the normal
shopping aisle is it is [ __ ] crazy in
fact I'm gonna look it up now while
we're talking because I could if we if I
read that out on air people will laugh
their [ __ ] ass off and how ridiculous
it is yeah I feel like it's a live feed
of people sighs eat of what people
search website that tracks searches yeah
there's definitely some weird [ __ ] on
there but then there's just some normal
[ __ ] probably just like Apple like happy
couple happy married couple
nobody searches that [ __ ] nobody website
that tracks porn searches life like
someone searching like guy who actually
ordered pizza that he wants to eat have
you seen those there's those porn videos
where dudes put their dick in the in
through the box the I've never seen it
but that's like the stereotype just like
typical like big sausage pizza type of
legs yeah that's literally the name of
the thing I think a here it is I think
yeah porn MD use live search
stream to see what porn users crave
let's imagine someone really wanted to
see that like they were really craving
like one of those big sausage pizza
videos okay wait before you actually put
my bed I have to cut you off because I'm
on the site now oh you got it gay Roman
holds Teddy what a mature FFM pale
freckles big [ __ ] pissing Jesus Christ
no no mom foot job son someone search
that this is what people are searching
right now oh my god some of them are
normal like POV point of view teen
[ __ ] small [ __ ] humiliation iron man
iron dick that's just a guy lined up on
a wall and people are just like pointing
at his small [ __ ] humiliating him I
think that's gotta be right small [ __ ]
humiliations gotta be something like
that there's nothing sexual in it
besides a guy with his pants down and B
were just laughing it's they probably
like I don't know at some point
somebody's nothing I guess right it's
the ball busting dice ball busting dice
female bicep worship like somebody jerks
off to that
yeah probably guys from the gym probably
get into that one all right my bad what
were you saying before and for the rest
of the show every like eight minutes I
will say one thing somebody sir [ __ ] but
what was what were you saying when I cut
you off
oh no I was saying like someone who
actually really wanted to see a big
sausage like Pizza video and the video
is actually just someone like getting of
pigs like sauce it's this big order of
pizza and they just eat that [ __ ] the
whole video well there are people who do
like like to get off to women just
eating that like that that's it like
they stuffed themselves like it's women
who are moreover overweight and then
they give them food and they just keep
eating the [ __ ] food there's like a
name for it guys want to watch women
just [ __ ] well I was sort of
fascinated by like I said last week that
show
my leg which won't stop growing or
whatever oh yeah yeah like I wasn't I
wasn't like attracted to it but I was
sort of just fascinating to watch that
[ __ ] you know so it's like almost like
if you see a large human being just in
their element eating some [ __ ] you're
like damn that's what they're doing what
they want to be doing right now
oh damn so you had that feeling of like
of like I'm kind of jealous that they
just said [ __ ] you to all the rules
well that but oh yeah I was just
fascinated at the how big their legs
were like it's something that I don't
see every day you know so it's like I
guess people have a fascination towards
[ __ ] that I mean I don't know people
have foot fetishes and they see feet
every day but you don't see like that
feet yeah those are yeah those are like
two slightly different things where you
have people who want to see
extraordinary people whether it be for
the good or the bad like yeah like so
that's a thing but then also just people
get off to weird [ __ ] true so that's why
you again it's book of world records
like even the freak people like that
they used to get mad attention because
like people would just never would see a
lizard guy or like worse sometimes I get
this bottle sometimes it gets like a
little cruel like you remember the old
the old school circuses used to be like
get like you know whatever like a really
hairy woman and be like you're a [ __ ]
freak [ __ ] now get out there and have
people laugh at you like yeah yeah and
like with midgets and [ __ ] they do that
in um in Dominican Republic and when I
went to Colombia like their big thing is
like at these they have like these shows
it's it's like a dance club but then
they have like a show and like they
perform and all this stuff and their big
thing is like midgets and like people
and the ER and Columbia are like
fascinated by them and it's like they
degrade them so much on stage like just
making fun of them and just using them
as like props or whatever and like the
person is probably making decent money
because they're working at like a
popular place yeah but just to get [ __ ]
it on and yeah yeah that's a thing you
know that's that's definitely a thing I
mean we have versions of that like when
you really think about it even a show
like cops like I'm like I actually kind
of enjoyed watching it half the time
but like
half of the [ __ ] they do on cops is like
[ __ ] tackle nonviolent like weed
smokers like somebody yeah smoking some
weed on the corner and then this poor
person got their life [ __ ] ruined by
an [ __ ] cop who like chases him down
and [ __ ] and we're sitting there
watching it for entertainment like this
isn't [ __ ] the guy's life is ruined
for you no it's so true some nothing
[ __ ] but everybody watches it like let's
watch this [ __ ] yeah
it's so [ __ ] up there's some about
when you put a [ __ ] uniform and a
badge on somebody it's just everybody
it's almost like a trick like a trick to
make everybody feel like what they're
doing has to be official because they're
wearing a badge I mean mm-hmm it's like
we're even like a doctor's coat or
something like that or that anywhere
like whenever I'm out and and I'm
wherever somewhere in public and I'm
wearing a suit and tie
you can even sense it in other people
that they look at you like oh [ __ ] he
might be really important nope
just because you're wearing a suit and
tie yeah any person could go to the
[ __ ] store and buy a suit and tie
it's not okay you know it's just one of
those things yeah it's [ __ ] weird
that's so it's always such a yeah it's
such a weird concept people who do look
at you differently like what like what
is this guy doing why isn't wearing a
suit totally yeah but on the on the porn
tracker cute little [ __ ] was one that
came up while we were talking yeah I
feel like that would be a common one Oh
somebody typed in TR ymp shrimp but were
they trying to type in Trump oh maybe
Trump or shrimp submissive [ __ ] pig
slapped that one sounds good some of
them were words I can't even pronounce
like it looks like our German word Jason
moon buttons her pink blouse oh yeah
they probably do international [ __ ] and
people in Germany probably want to see
some [ __ ] insertions dog like this is
the [ __ ] people search man I don't even
know what that I don't even know that
that just sounds weird now here's a
normal one titty [ __ ] [ __ ] MILF that dude
is definitely looking for an old video
that he saw like six months ago
he's like damn
that's all I know it was like a MILF in
it and he he nodded like on earth that's
like you ever looked for music lyrics on
Google yeah and you just type it
whatever you think of like most random
part of the song where you're not even
sure what they're saying but you're
gonna guess like I think they say this
in it and then you type it in and it
does like three other songs that are not
the song and you're like [ __ ] yeah or
you try to just you try to do the beat
yeah any words you can now be heard it's
like da da da da da da da da
there was one time where it was like the
beat was in my head but I didn't
remember any of the words and I was like
there's literally no way I'm gonna get
this song now there's no way I'm gonna
get it like if you were there or
somebody was there where I could have
done the beat maybe you would have been
able help me but I was sitting there by
myself and I just had my computer I
can't do with the beat did you get the
shooter no I didn't get the [ __ ] and
then there was that one time I told you
this we even spoken about on the podcast
before there was this hot rap song I
heard when I was driving and there was a
one line and it I remember the guy was
like I like girls that like girls like
Ellen yeah it was like a freestyle rap
I remember you tell him the beat was hot
and then dude said that and then I was
like oh I will easily find this song
later so I'm just gonna type in that
lyric and it couldn't find it and then I
was like I was mad because I thought
this is definitely like just almost like
a freestyle on some mixtape you know and
they were just playing it like at the
lunch hour or some [ __ ]
mmm and they never really play it a lot
and then I was like really mad that I
couldn't find that song they never found
that song either never found that song
and I tried so hard I asked everybody
obviously remember our friend Jimmy he'd
wrap inside and out I was like you have
to know this song you're searching for
that song forever like when you were
telling that [ __ ] to people they're
probably like sometime what like what I
know I don't know what Jimmy was like I
think I know it's like I know the song
you're talking about like oh really Pete
that line I was like yes that's the line
but I don't know what comes before I
don't know what comes after it I don't
even remember how the beat goes but
that's this [ __ ] I know is in the song
he was like I don't know he's I don't
know I can't tell you I was like no yeah
I feel like that would be so hard but
I'd feel like if you had some of the
lyrics you should have been able to find
that you know
I know I know but it's one of those
things where you needed like one more
line and then you could've gotten yeah I
sometimes can't think of any of the
lyrics and then I'll think of one word
for the [ __ ] and then like the whole
song will come back to me and then I'm
like I got that [ __ ] and then I'll find
it on Google and then sometimes this
song will like you'll forget it but then
one time the song will randomly pop in
your head and you're like oh that's the
[ __ ] yeah yeah have you ever been like
sitting there thinking about it and like
waiting for it to hit you and you're
like I know it's gonna hit me but why
has it not hit me yet you got to wait
like 20 seconds and then it might hit
you yeah I mean before where it's like
good in my memory and it's examen out
yet I got a start yeah I got it like
like dig for one word in the song and
then like I'll find the [ __ ] mm-hmm
speaking of that freezing [ __ ] my ship
froze and it was when you were pointing
and it looks like you were like pointing
screaming at me oh [ __ ]
unfortunately that's not the one that
people are gonna see they're gonna see
my end where it's just tonal okay good I
want to take a picture this is shows
manatee oh now yours is slowly freezing
holy [ __ ] Oh cuz I maybe I just put my
phone to take the picture its depth on
the phone probably I got on the side of
my screen the raw [ __ ] from last night
oh I wanted to talk about that we'll
talk about that in a second I wanted to
first we got to do our polls we got to
get them out of the way oh yeah so
there's a few we're gonna do there was
one that you and I spoke about last week
I forget what it was where we said all
we'll do that next week you mom I was
talking to Molly about this it was
Christina Aguilera Britney Spears okay
and then I was like should we well she
was like if you do that Bowl don't throw
a Madonna in that [ __ ] cuz she's not
she's not in that category yeah I kind
of agree with that but then I was like
Lady Gaga might be in that [ __ ] and she
was like more of a gaga than Madonna but
no not even Gaga right not even Gaga but
then I threw another [ __ ] into
that [ __ ] Jessica Simpson yes that
actually makes sense
who should be on that [ __ ] I think I
agree we'll add her but she's gonna get
rocked but I think she belongs on that
poll yes he'll definitely get work but
maybe she gets in love I mean she's more
popular um is your phone still by the
thing or no Chuck you're from those far
away bouquet all right keep it far away
I did this I gotta do the same with mine
cuz it did start kind of lagging a
little bit think it's mice yeah my skype
i think is probably [ __ ] up
you're still pointing at me i feel like
i'm getting reprimanded right now oh my
god it's still frozen on that same
screen that's crazy the same [ __ ]
okay so we got Britney Spears Christina
Aguilera I may have spelled Aguilera
wrong who knows how to spell that [ __ ]
and Jessica Simpson
I feel like Brittany's gonna do work in
that one because Christina's like fat
and sort of irrelevant now yeah I think
Brittany's gonna win although it's gonna
be hilarious to see the results of this
just cuz my my audience is
overwhelmingly male it's about 88% male
and so I think my Twitter followers it's
the same thing so most of the responses
there's gonna be the [ __ ] is wrong with
you like why are you asking this yeah
but they're not it's a legit quite now
they probably [ __ ] with either one of
them by the way gay grandfather somebody
is searching for porn wise right now
damn I feel bad for that dude there
something happened and that guy's like
younger life does Tina Aguilera I fell I
did spell it right holy [ __ ] hey good
for us
okay so who's better Britney Spears
Christina Aguilera Jessica Simpson my
prediction is that Britney Spears is
gonna win Christina Aguilera second
followed by Jessica Simpson and if you
ask me who is better I think Christina
Aguilera has a better voice but I think
Britney Spears I think thought songs
yeah Britney Spears is like she sure her
trek-like
list would just [ __ ] on Christina
Aguilera's yeah even though Christina
Aguilera could sing better but Brit yeah
if you're asking someone to sing like a
national anthem at like Super Bowl or
some big ass event you're asking
Christina Aguilera Britney Spears yeah I
big question who's better I'm sorry for
this is that just saying she's better
okay so that's numero uno
so was there another one that we said we
were gonna do or no because I have three
others that I want to talk about I don't
remember any other ones I always
thinking of one when I was Duke I do
this [ __ ] all the time
brush my teeth in the shower but I
didn't know if that [ __ ] was weird or
not when I was younger I did it okay we
have to do that poll that's a good one
when I was younger I did it and then at
some age I just stopped I was like no I
don't do that anymore but I just feel
like it's way more convenient because
when you do it outside of the shower you
get like the toothpaste all over your
mouth and stuff like that and then you
got a like rear into your mouth after
you showered well that's the thing is
like when I stopped it's like why don't
I do it anymore I should do it still I
see yeah I stopped at one point but
there's no reason like I just thought
like Oh older people don't do that but
that's not necessarily true yeah I think
like okay I think it's gone and they
were and they were we I don't know if
they were weirded out by it but just
like like didn't know what to think
about it and I was like yeah that that's
the normal [ __ ] like you're cleaning
yourself in the shower you might as well
do your teeth if you're doing your hair
and like balls and ass and all that
stuff they didn't know what to think
about like they'd never heard anybody do
that before I think they heard of
