so Donna Brazile who was the the head of
the DNC the interim head of the DNC
after debbie Wasserman Schultz was
ousted after it was found that you know
she was basically cheating and rigging
the primary for Hillary Clinton and
biasing the DNC in her favor Donna
Brazile took over and she was also
seemingly a faithful servant of Hillary
Clinton's campaign there was of course
the big scandal where it was found
through the WikiLeaks emails that Donna
Brazile was leaking debate questions to
Hillary Clinton before the debates when
Donna Brazile was working at CNN so her
hands are not clean in any of this but
she basically wrote a Mia culpa and came
out and said yeah mm-hmm WikiLeaks was
right the Bernie camp was right
everything they thought was happening
indeed was happening and I'm gonna give
you the inside story of it so damn she's
coming clean about the situation that
was happening at the DNC and it's oh
it's worse than even I thought so she
wrote a big article in Politico now by
the way don't get it twisted
I think she's doing this because she has
a book coming out so she wants to like
drop a bombshell here so that people go
buy her book but I don't think that
takes away from the truth of the claims
that she makes in this I think that this
really does back up what the Bernie camp
has been saying all along so she wrote a
big article and it's titled inside
Hillary Clinton's secret takeover of the
DNC when I was asked to run the
Democratic Party after the Russians
hacked our emails I stumbled onto a
shocking truth about the Clinton
campaign now here are some of the the
key excerpts from this article that give
you the specifics she says the Saturday
morning after the convention in July I
called Gary Gensler the chief financial
officer of Hillary's campaign he wasted
no words he told me the Democratic Party
was broke and two million dollars in
debt what ice
dreamed I am an officer of the party and
they've been telling me everything is
fine and they were raising money with no
problems that wasn't true he said
officials from Hillary's campaign had
taken a look at the DNC's books Obama
left the party 24 million dollars in
debt 15 million in bank debt and more
than 8 million owed to vendors after the
2012 campaign had been paying that off
very slowly Obama's campaign was not
scheduled to pay it off until 2016
Hillary for America the campaign and
Hillary victory fund its joint
fundraising vehicle with the DNC had
taken care of 80% of the remaining debt
in 2016 about 10 million and had placed
the party on an allowance if I didn't
know about this
I assume that none of the other officers
knew about it either
that was just Debbie's way in my
experience she didn't come to the
officers of the DNC for advice and
counsel she seemed to make decisions on
her own and let us know at the last
minute what she had decided as she had
done when she told us about the hacking
only minutes before the Washington Post
broke the news on the phone
Gary told me the DNC had needed a two
million dollar loan which the campaign
had arranged no that can't be true I
said the party cannot take out a loan
without the unanimous agreement of all
the officers Gary how did they do that
do this without me knowing I asked I
don't know how Debbie relates to the
officers gary said he described the
party as fully under the control of
Hillary's campaign which seemed to
confirm the suspicions of the Bernie
camp the campaign had the DNC on life
support giving it money every month to
meet its basic expenses while the
campaign was using the party as a
fundraising clearinghouse under FEC law
an individual can contribute a maximum
of $2,700 directly to a presidential
campaign but the limits were much higher
for contributions to state parties and a
party's National Committee individuals
who had maxed out their $2,000 700
contra
and limit to the campaign could write an
additional check for three hundred and
fifty three thousand four hundred
dollars to the Hilary Victory Fund that
figure represented ten thousand dollars
to each of the of the 32 states parties
who were part of the victory fund
agreement three hundred and twenty
thousand and three hundred thirty
thousand four hundred to the DNC the
money would be deposited deposited in
the state's first in the state's first
and transferred to the DNC shortly after
that money in the battleground states
usually stayed in that state but all the
other states funneled that money
directly to the DNC which quickly
transferred the money to Brooklyn wait I
said that victory fund was supposed to
be for whoever was the nominee and the
state party races you're telling me that
Hillary has been controlling it since
before she got the nomination gary said
the campaign had to do it or the party
would collapse quote that was the deal
that Robbie struck with Debbie he
explained referring to campaign manager
Robby Mook it was to sustain the DNC we
sent the party nearly twenty million
dollars from September until the
convention and more to prepare for the
election I at last found the document
that described it all the joint
fundraising agreement between the DNC
the Hillary victory fund and Hillary for
America the agreement signed by Amy
Dacey the former CEO of the DNC and
Robby Mook with a copy to mark Elias
specified that in exchange for raising
money and investing in the DNC Hillary
would control the party's finances
strategy and all the money raised her
campaign had the right to right of
refusal of who would be the party's
communications director and it would
make final decisions on all the other
staff the DNC also was required to
consult with the campaign about all
other staffing budgeting data analytics
and mailings holy [ __ ] I had been
wondering why it was that I couldn't
write a press release without passing it
by Brooklyn well he
was the answer Donna Brazile is saying
the DNC was just another arm of the
Clinton campaign that's how far this one
went
that's worse than even I thought I
thought well okay debbie Wasserman
Schultz is Hillary Clinton's friend and
they love each other and debbie is in an
independent way running things that bias
everything in favor Hillary Clinton
that's what I thought no it's way way
way deeper than that
there was literally a contract a
financial agreement that gives Hillary
control over the entire DNC gives them
control over who's hired and who's fired
gives them control over strategy you
couldn't write a press release with from
the DNC without running it by Hillary
Clinton first and by the way the other
dirty trick and she goes on to say this
and the articles like this is basically
like money laundering for her campaign
so you know there are limits when you're
running a presidential campaign to make
direct contributions to the candidate
there are limits but there's not limits
to or the limits are much higher to
political parties so what does she do
say hey we're basically gonna take over
the DNC keep them on a starvation
allowance pay them as little as possible
and then we get to be the beneficiaries
of the much bigger fundraising that you
can do coming through the DNC oh my god
oh my god oh my god now by the way it is
she goes on and there's a part of the
article where she tells she calls Bernie
Sanders and tells him about this and
she's expecting Bernie to go [ __ ]
nuts and fly off the handle and go are
you kidding me that I mean this is worse
than anybody imagined and all that stuff
he doesn't do that you know what his
first comment
and boy this is telling about the kind
of guy Bernie Sanders is Bernie said how
bad is it so in other words Hillary's
campaign took over the DNC in every
conceivable way rigged the thing from
the top down to benefit her Bernie
realizing that goes how bad is it
donna brazile goes I don't trust the
polls she's not she's up in all the
polls I see a clear lack of enthusiasm
for her everywhere around the country
that I've traveled so in other words
this is Bernie saying okay you rigged it
against me that's messed up but it's
Donald Trump about to be President
because of what you did here is that
what's gonna happen how bad is it when
you rigged the thing from the top down
you push an unpopular candidate on
everybody because you have the levers of
the entire Democratic Party working in
your favor well now you just put
yourself in a potentially a no-win
situation where people are really not
all that excited about you because they
could smell the [ __ ] from a mile
away and they saw there was some [ __ ]
going on so Donna Brazile said look I
don't like it we're in a terrible
situation now but there's a lack of
enthusiasm for her and we got to make
sure Donald Trump doesn't become
president and Bernie said okay you know
you're right he basically swallowed his
pride campaigned for her as tough as he
could but not even the more popular
candidate Bernie Sanders can make
Hillary Clinton appealing enough to win
the election and that is exactly because
Hillary's campaign had total control of
the DNC from early on in the process now
let me tell you what the response is
gonna be to this everybody in the Bernie
camp is vindicated hundred-percent
totally and every step of the way the
corporate establishment the mainstream
media and corporate Democrats it no no
conspiracy theory oh they gave Bernie a
fair shake got confessions
Sage's conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy
I predict they will now flip on a dime
and go from it was a conspiracy it's not
true - well of course it's true but
everybody already knew it so let's get
past it guaranteed guaranteed I put
everything on it guaranteed it's not
happening it's a conspiracy crazy Bernie
bros - well yeah that was happening we
already knew that of course it's
happening shut up about it let's move on
and now we're supposed to believe that
Tom Perez is running this thing legit
when Tom Perez is Obama's guy Obama
wanted Hillary more than anybody worked
behind the scenes to get her to run
convinced Biden not to run because
Hillary was running and Obama gets his
guy the DNC the DNC they purged all the
Bernie supporters and keith ellison
supporters the other day we cover that
story they're still doing it for christ
sake they're still [ __ ] doing it
after your [ __ ] led to donald trump
getting elected Donald Trump is
president because the DNC was an arm a
Hillary Clinton campaign they pushed her
on the American people they rigged the
process we lost because of what you did
and you're [ __ ] doing it again
you're doing it right in front of our
eyes get the [ __ ] out of the way it was
the great philosopher Mystikal who said
move [ __ ] get out the way because
Justice Democrats are coming for you
we're not gonna we're not gonna stand
for this we're not gonna take this you
expect us to lay on the ground in a
chalk outline of ourselves and go well
it's permanently gonna be rigged it how
about no how about we overtake the party
and you know what I now think taken over
the party's gonna be easier than always
button because the the how deep the
corruption goes is so ridiculous that if
you wrote it in a movie plot people
would go come on you're stretching it
that's how bad this corruption is again
the take the Clinton campaigns control
the DNC was so thorough
complete and total that it's more than
even I thought way more than I thought
you couldn't write a [ __ ] press
release without getting Hillary Clinton
to approve it and then they had the
nerve the shameless liars they are cuz
every step of the way when somebody made
that pointer in the campaign what did
they say got conspiracy no of course
we're giving Bernie a fair shot of
course the thing the DNC is not taking
sides what are you talking about
you had so thoroughly taken aside that
the DNC
was the Clinton side it was an arm of
the [ __ ] campaign the fundraising
agreement made it that that was the case
and then furthermore the idea wasn't
even a mutually beneficial agreement
they kept the DNC on a starvation diet
giving them as little money as possible
to just continue operating and
everything else goes to the Clinton
campaign and they get to control every
aspect of the DNC who's hired who's
fired what the messaging is and again
there's unbelievable scumbags with how
brazen they were in their lies cuz this
isn't an issue where it's like hey maybe
they just they weren't meaning to lie
but they said something that was
misleading not on purpose it was 100% on
purpose every time they told you know
we're giving it of course we're giving
everybody a fair shake we're a DNC isn't
bias in favor of Hillary Clinton that
was a brazen lie because they made that
point as they knew they had a joint
fundraising agreement that gave Hillary
control of the entire goddamn party and
by the way what else is the consequence
of this if you are making a deal with
Hillary so that you can continue going
about your business the DNC well how is
why would you do that will you do that
because Hillary has the connections to
Wall Street Hillary has the connections
to Big Pharma hillary has the
connections to corporate America who are
gonna keep funneling money to her
because they know that she's gonna do
their bidding when she's elected so
Hillary has enough money to go yeah sure
will siphon for
million dollars a month or whatever it
is to the DNC that's fine because that
gives me total control of the party and
I'm getting my money through corporate
America so Hillary's whole movement was
based on keeping the Democratic Party
corporate that's the whole point with
her in control it keeps the DNC
corporate and of course her and her
campaign corporate and at this point
there's no distinction between what the
DNC is and what Hillary's campaign was
again Donna Brazile is her hands are not
cleaning this she's the one who you know
leaked questions to Hillary Clinton
before the debates when she was at CNN
and by the way she was fired because of
that she was fired but what this is is a
total and utter vindication of the
WikiLeaks emails excuse me this is a
total and complete vindication the
WikiLeaks emails it's an admission yeah
they're true yes the Bernie camp was
right all along
and yes the control the Clinton campaign
had at the DNC every step of the way was
even more than you imagined and they
have the nerve to tell you it's a fair
process and everything was on the up and
up no it wasn't so don't blame people
for not trusting a goddamn word out of
the DNC we're not gonna donate to the
DNC we're gonna take down the DNC we're
gonna take over the DNC just as
Democrats calm slash fight
