so how did the elections on Tuesday
night go for the left there were a bunch
of states that had primary primary
elections
well the concise answer about how it
went is this
it was a mixed bag it was so-so
there's some really good news and
there's some really shitty news so let's
go to the intercept here and see what
they report progressives beat back the
establishment in New Mexico where a
Native American woman defeated an
Albuquerque prosecutor with backing from
No Labels a coalition of ultra wealthy
donors who work to tip Democratic
primaries to the right in California it
was the bizarre Orange County races that
got much of the coverage but the House
race there that offered the cleanest
choice between the two ideological polls
was the one in the 45th min a former
sent Senator Chuck Schumer staffer
Center for American Progress Fellow an
assistant professor at Porter school UC
Irvine had the backing of the state
party and the New Democrats those are
the centrist corporatists a Wall Street
friendly bloc that supplied 27 of the 33
House Democratic votes in favor of the
recent bank deregulation bill Porter was
the only House candidate endorsed by
Warren Elizabeth Warren her former
teacher and co-author min meanwhile was
hesitant to embrace Medicare for all and
ran a slashing race attacking Porter's
credentials Porter ran on battling big
banks expanding Social Security
reversing the Trump tax cuts and
establishing Medicare for all and she
won the New Democrats suffered another
defeat in a race that pitted the two
camps of the party against each other in
San Diego's 50th district Ammar camp on
a jar he's a justice Democrat who ran as
a progressive with the backing of
justice Democrats p triple c and d fa b
josh Butner who endorsed by the New
Democrats and backed by the wall street
friendly representative Joe Crowley the
chair of the house Democratic caucus who
is facing his own challenge from the
left back home in the Bronx and queens
from Alexandria
Ocasio cortez campin ajar faces
incumbent representative duncan hunter
in the general election an uphill climb
as Republicans won more than 60% of the
votes in the primary but a grand jury is
hearing testimony related to an
investigation of hunter for misuse of
campaign funds and if an indictment
comes down between now and November the
race becomes that much more in play in
New Mexico's first District Deb Hale and
Antoinette Sedillo Lopez and prosecutor
Damon Martinez squared off Sedillo Lopez
a civil rights attorney had the backing
of some national progressive groups such
as justice Democrats in the Working
Families Party as well as Latino victory
which spent heavily on her martinez
meanwhile got a big boost in spending
from the super PAC tied to No Labels
again the centrist corporatists but
halen who is opposed to becoming excuse
me but halen who is poised to become the
first Native American member of Congress
and had the support of the Congressional
Black Caucus PAC and environmental group
350.org
beat both of them in northern New Mexico
the Working Families party's top recruit
for the night
Susan Herrera pulled off a landslide
upset in a state legislative race that
the local press called the end of a
political era the WFP Working Families
Party spent more than $60,000 on the
race and she knocked off 25-year
incumbent representative Debbie rodella
in an area that is solidly Democratic
but thought to be socially conservative
quote I'm kind of amazed that we did it
Herrera said of her grassroots campaign
in her victory speech rodella's close
ally representative Karl Trujillo was
also knocked out by a progressive
challenger as was representative Belle
Quinn bill Gomez the dubbed the working
family party's Rob duffer II called the
string of wins seismic bringing about a
major sea change in the balance of power
in the New Mexico State Legislature the
establishment was also Delta blow in San
Francisco where business friendly
candidate London breed came out on top
in the
first round of voting but the city uses
a ranked choice voting system in which
voters rank candidates on their ballot
instead of voting for just one if no one
gets a majority of the votes in the
first round
next preference votes are counted until
a candidate gets most of the votes the
left had split its votes between mark
Leno and Jane Kim giving breed a lead
with 36 percent to Leno's 26 percent and
Kim's 21.5 percent in the first tally
without ranked choice voting that would
have been the end of it and breed would
have been declared the victor but with
rank choice votes the bulk of Kim's
support shifted to Leno putting him on
top so that is a clear example of the
populist left winning out as a result of
a ranked choice voting system and you
know if we implement a rank rank choice
voting system everywhere my guess is
that's gonna happen a lot so normally it
just the corporatist would have slid by
because there were two progressives in
the race and they split the vote between
the two of them but because of rank
choice voting one of the progressives
ended up winning that's an awesome story
and it shows how you know good of an
idea rank choice voting is and I think
that should be implemented absolutely
everywhere so but what you saw there
that there's a bunch of victories for
the left now typically what you're
looking for is in all these races here's
how you know a good person won if the
person who won is endorsed by the p
triple c working families party
democratic socialists our revolution of
course justice Democrats there's a bunch
of groups that it's a good indicator of
you know hey that's a good politician
because they're endorsed by that group
now in some instances like Sedillo Lopez
she was a justice Democrat and she lost
which sucks but it was another lefty who
ended up winning so that's not the worst
thing in the world because as long as
somebody who's on the left ends up
getting through and beats the No Labels
back candidate
the new labels backed candidate those
are all that's all centrist corporatist
Democrats then it's good and we're happy
as long as the left beats the
establishment were happy so let me give
you some more specifics as far as the
justice Democrats go a mark camp in a
jar he was a justice Democrat I already
explained how he won his race in
California's 50th district that's great
Audrey Denny won in California's first
district that's wonderful ro kana was up
for re-election easily was re-elected
that's of course wonderful ro Kaunas I
think the very first justice Democrat
he's you know basically at this point
he's the Bernie Sanders of Congress he's
the ideas guy on the populist left Pete
D'Alessandro and Courtney roe these are
two justice Democrats they lost in Iowa
John Heenan is another justice Democrat
he lost in Montana
Peter Jacob lost in New Jersey so there
were plenty of losses but also plenty of
wins now as far as our revolution goes
Jennifer Moretti won in Montana for the
state Senate JD shulton won in Iowa for
US Congress and of course the biggest
one that hurt and I saved the the bad
news for the end here
Allison Hartson lost and Kevin de Lyonne
ended up in van Singh into the general
so everybody knew going into this
election Dianne Feinstein was gonna come
out on top she was pulling away above
everybody else and she has the power of
incumbency so she won obviously but it
wasn't her numbers weren't even that
impressive Kevin de Leon got second he
is challenging Feinstein from her left
but I think there are problems with de
Lyonne in the sense that it appears like
him even running right now is a little
bit of he's playing politics he doesn't
even necessarily want to win he's not
running an aggressive campaign he just
wants to get his name out there more
he's the head of the
the Democrats in the Senate in in
California and he could just be trying
to get his name out there more and so
that he sets up for the next time he
runs for in office everybody knows like
oh there he is right there it's it's de
Lyon and we're familiar with his name
and he thinks that might help him in the
long run he he is running to Feinstein's
left but you know if Feinstein
represents the establishment Daley owns
like the diet establishment the real
populist candidate was Allison Hartson
but of course between the two choices
now of Feinstein or de Lyon I would
support de Lyon because Feinstein is
just really bad but de Lyon got four
hundred and forty thousand votes Allison
got seventy seven thousand votes so then
of course this leads to the question why
did she lose and you know there's a lot
of there are many ways to break down
that question and you know one of the
things is of course and this is not to
you know point fingers elsewhere and and
scapegoat it's and we because we spoke
about these things before the race even
happened well one of the problems was
the media just simply wouldn't cover her
I can't tell you how many articles I
read where they would speak about the US
Senate race in California and they would
only bring up Allison Hartson excuse me
they would only bring up Dianne
Feinstein and Kevin de Lyonne and they
would leave out Allison Hartson and you
know eat any individual establishment
mainstream press outlet it's not a big
deal if they leave her out but the
problem is it was a cumulative effect
where every establishment outlet would
never mention her so people many people
didn't know that she was running or who
she was or what she stood for whenever
people were confronted with who she was
and what she stood for people loved her
so there's a problem with signal
boosting we can't get everything out
there and obviously she had the backing
of new media myself
and the Young Turks and Jimmy Dore and
many others but you know it um I guess
we're not big enough we're not famous
enough we don't get we don't have as why
to reach on our own as we do compared to
the cumulative effect of every single
mainstream media outlet so that's one
reason why she lost the the non-existent
coverage from the media but you know the
real reason is this take a look this is
the amount of money they raised so Diane
Feinstein raised fourteen million
dollars spent eight million okay and
then you go down the list their rocky de
la Fuente is a Republican and got
destroyed but he raised a decent amount
of money
Kevin de Lyonne raised a million dollars
spent about half of that those are solid
fundraising numbers now here's the
really interesting part
okay so Pat Harris is another Democrat
who ran Pat Harrison was expected to do
pretty well in terms of should have been
up there around what de Lyon was at and
was expected to do better than Alison
Hartson but look at what happened Alison
Hartson so Pat Harris raised six hundred
and eight thousand dollars Alison
Hartson raised three hundred and sixty
thousand dollars so Pat Harris almost
raised double what Alison Hartson raised
guess what
Alison Hartson defeated Pat Harris
Alison Hartson finished ahead of Pat
Harris in fact Alison Hartson it was
Feinstein and Kevin de Leon who now
advance to the general election and then
it was a bunch of Republicans and then
it was Alison Hartson so she was the the
the set the second Democrat and Pat
Harris even with raising about double
what finds what Alison Hartson raised
got fewer votes so what that means is
Alison Hartson actually over performed
in terms of her fundraising but that's
not saying much because she still was
you know nowhere near actually advancing
but that means that she had value as a
candidate it is true that she had people
power and
but she just didn't have the money she
didn't have the financial backing to get
her name out there more to be able to
advance and listen man this is why
Alison Hartson has been working with
wolf pack and leading wolf pack and
trying to get this amendment to get
money out of politics because she now
she understands firsthand what it's like
and how it's not theoretical
when Dianne Feinstein raises 14 million
dollars and Alison hearts that only
raises 360,000 man that's an that's a
near impossible hill to climb when you
start from that far back and listen this
is what happened with Paula jeans where
and - I mean we we covered that story in
detail I forget the exact numbers now
but she got about 30% of the vote or so
against joe Manchin but when you look at
the amount of money she raised it was
nothing compared to Joe Manchin I mean
Joe Manchin was just way ahead of her so
you got to understand the dynamics of
this stuff guys if they raise more money
they can run more ads they can get their
name out there more they could you know
they can afford to do whatever push
polling mailers you name it and it also
buys them credibility in the press where
the press covers them as if they're
serious so that's how that's what we
mean when we say the system is rigged
because it's something like 93 percent
of the time the person who raises the
most money ends up winning in
congressional races so I have and here's
the thing like I don't want everybody to
be too upset by this because I have full
confidence that all things being equal
the populist left candidates win because
they actually stand for the ideas and
policies that the majority of the
American people want and that's not my
opinion that's not conjecture that's
what the numbers show that's what the
opinion polls show so if you have
somebody who's a likeable person they're
correct on the issues
and all other things are equal that
person is gonna win but the problem that
we're running into is in the Senate
races in particular there's just such a
gap in fundraising that and all things
are not equal so we can't you know get
to the point where we're considered a
viable candidate and here's how you know
that my theory is correct on this when
you look at the results since we started
you know fighting back at post the 2016
election and there's a bunch of
progressive groups that popped up now
and the grassroots are mobilized and
everything since we started fighting
back you know where we've had the most
success
the smaller the office is so when you go
the local races and the state races and
the evidence of this is go look at our
revolution and the tremendous success
that they've had because typically the
smaller the office the less money it
takes in order to win so the more people
power actually matters so there's been
more left there's been a bigger
left-wing wave at the local and state
level than there's been in Congress and
by the way there has been some somewhat
of a left-wing wave even for the
primaries for Congress for US Congress
but the higher the office the more it's
obvious that it's basically rigged and
there's the money primary you have to
get past before you can be considered
viable and before you have a chance to
win so that's why some of the best
candidates like Paula Jean Swearengen
Allison Hartson didn't advance and
didn't win because they were running for
the higher office the the office of US
Senate and that's where money is
paramount and even more important but
when you look at the victories of our
revolution and many others working
families party the p triple c at the
local level they're almost winning all
of their races so that's reason though
to be to be optimistic because again I
think that shows that all things being
equal our candidates do awesome and
whenever they don't end up doing well
it's not because of the failure of the
message it's because of the failure of
the system and it's because for those
bigger races you just need a hell of a
lot more money so listen yeah to me the
takeaway from this is we need to get
more involved we need
double triple quadruple our efforts in
terms of you know making phone calls and
getting the word out there and letting
everybody know who the good guys are is
again I have no doubt that if the if the
name recognition was much wider and if
if all things were equal
Alison Hart soon would be advancing but
we don't live in that world and we have
to fight to try to get to that world and
it's it's just bottom line guys there's
a lot of work to be done there's a lot
of work to be done but this isn't reason
to despair and this isn't reason to say
[ __ ] it let's all go home this is reason
double triple quadruple our efforts in
order to succeed so this is just another
election where overall the results are
kind of mixed and like I said from early
on what was it 40% 50% of the races run
by our revolution just systemic justice
Democrats p triple c working families in
the rest of them 40 to 50 percent that's
not bad on our first crack at things
especially given the money difference so
let's keep fighting on and never give up
because I can tell you one thing for
sure the establishment won't give up
