hello everybody you know I'm here with
Corrin we're gonna do a quick little
podcast for y'all and I do mean quick
today because Koren just got walloped
over the head with the anvil of a long
ass update yeah so it's one of those
things where like my computer is working
right now but it's almost like I want to
fight I want to fight my computer right
now yeah it's like literally the worst
time it hit you with Oh we're gonna
update your [ __ ] and how long would you
say went up like an hour all right about
right
was it an hour I think so I mean I could
see yeah yep probably like an hour in it
look at the timestamp on your original
text about it hi st. you ready for no
reason
I just called I am mad because like it's
working right now but an hour of my life
it was not working so it's like now it's
like yeah you can use me now
but I see no improvements to my [ __ ] at
my shits not going faster it doesn't do
backflips isn't doing nothing special
flips right the first one you sent me
mm-hmm
about it were you showed the screen and
the screen said about 23 minutes
remaining mm-hmm
that [ __ ] was over an hour ago it was
absurd it was an hour 15 minutes ago and
that's why I'm skeptical of every update
with iPhone because when they tell you
to update there's no like some people
lost pictures with the latest update you
heard about that that's what I'm saying
I think oh I want those airheads all
those are the sour joints that are like
in the little square shape oh I'm sorry
that's the problem though we should be
able to pass stuff through a computer at
this point technology that's a good
place yeah I know put it here and press
a button and then you get some yeah like
I should be able to smell your breath
through a phone call I don't want to but
there should be technology like and if
you're talking like Stephen a Smith or
something like that I should feel if
you're spitting on me and be like you'll
back up from the phone well they have
don't they have like really shitty like
sex things now
where you call like trying to simulate
having long-distance sex but it's just
not the same but you like you put some
some machine thing on your dick really
yeah I don't even know with this what is
this it's a phone call through your do
it like yeah it's like a Skype where you
could actually have sex but it's like
fake sex from long distance we're like
you know you can move in a certain way
and the person will feel you moving that
way yep I feel like that might exist now
I don't even know what that is that
that's like some beyond virtual reality
[ __ ] word yeah like I like augmented
reality Typekit I'm like going like this
and you can feel me like grabbing your
boobs
mm-hmm yeah what and now they just
opened up like a robot brothel you see
that like a sex doll brothel were the
dolls of mad real I think they did want
to Amsterdam what and then they want us
to do one in was it like Houston or
something it was someplace in Texas but
then I think politicians are trying to
get a shutdown even though they're
secretly like going to that [ __ ] yeah
it's all [ __ ] grandstanding like
what about the kids we need to not
embrace this as a society so you're
kidding me you can go online and see any
kind of porn ever made ever and like
you're concerned about having a place
where people go to I thought robots like
it's yeah that's I'm still mad at my
computer I'm tight that this [ __ ] is
allowing me to work right now because
like there should be something different
like I should see like my like a
document should look different or Skype
should look different or my desktop
should look different this [ __ ] looks
the same it feels the same and actual
towers updates but it's like little
glitch fixes and security updates and
[ __ ] but I'm skeptical the iPhone ones
because if you talk to anybody with an
old iPhone like the old old old ones
like the small brick ones that have
never updated they say they're good
they're don't have any problems their
battery's fine it still does everything
it needs but then you ask anybody with
the new ones who are always updating
they always have problem
or their photos get deleted like for
that well sometimes they update and then
they're glitchy at first and then they
have to release update to the update
there's a dog in here should show your
dog this [ __ ] was bugging out but they
say they say they're making updates but
I think they're just secretly ruining
your phone so you gotta keep buying the
new [ __ ] that's just interesting
conspiracy but I mean they'll do update
and then sometimes is glitchy and then
they release update to the update yeah
that's from saying what are you updating
you've had four years to create this
phone now you find it some [ __ ] wrong
with like I'm just skeptical that I
think they're ruining your phone so you
keep got a but you gotta keep buying a
new one which it doesn't surprise me
because like we've said this before they
could come out with some technology to
create like a endless battery but
instead they create a battery that dies
eventually and you got to keep buying a
new one dude these phones come out so
fast it's amazing how quick they come
out right well would it like every year
or something like that
yeah but time [ __ ] flies does I got
so I have gotten an iPhone 7 mm-hmm just
close to when it came out like kind of
close to when he came out but what
happened was I bought it the battery was
always just trashed son to to to to to
to trash and then I I think in
conversation with you you kind of relate
to me like yo your [ __ ] is actually
defective it's not there was a big
problem with batteries or people were
going back and then they were testing
them at the store and finding they were
wrong like oh that's just that it's a
bad battery like it is literally
defective like there's a problem with it
I dealt with it I said [ __ ] it I don't
care I'm the type of dude when I get a
phone I'll keep that [ __ ] for five six
years I don't give up yeah I've always
been like that so the battery is a big
[ __ ] problem especially when you're
using your phone all the time if you
can't leave your house in the morning
and like May
when you're in the car or something like
that to a car charger and you know bring
it back up a little bit to like 60 64
like you can't get through your whole
day with 65 percent which is a lot of
battery no way I could gotten through a
day with 65 percent I told you I would
go to sleep with my [ __ ] on 80 percent
you wake in the morning look at it it's
like 45 percent yeah see that to me
makes absolutely no sense not using it
in a sleep mode yeah so then what
happened was the screen cracked and it
cracked hard to the point where one time
I was rub rolling my finger broke
scrubbing one out and I got the glass
stuck in my finger like a little piece
of glass like came out and I was like ow
and I had to [ __ ] like get tweezers
and get the little thing out well it and
then put like peroxide on my finger and
stuff and yeah it was a problem and then
even after all of that [ __ ] I was like
I'm not getting a new phone it was like
it was almost on principle it was like
I'm not I just ate iPhone 7 iPhone Jurek
spensive I'm like I'm on yeah it's just
a lot of money on this phone I'm not
getting another [ __ ] phone and then
finally the battery like got even worse
and I was like I don't have a choice now
yeah that's what I did is when the
iPhone X came out that's the new [ __ ]
right well no now I think they have
something beyond X right now well the
iPhone 8 plus went on sale I was like
I'm gonna get the A+ because the A+ has
it has a home button and [ __ ] yep not
like X absolutely plus I got to eat plus
so isn't it weird like the that an
iPhone now is like the new like piece of
wood for people back in the day like
we're getting splinters from iPhones
like nobody [ __ ] does handcrafting
[ __ ] anymore we all like like hurt our
hands from from an iPhone like I've got
cracks in my screen and if I put my hand
over a certain spot it'll like scratch
it a little bit or some [ __ ] it's
[ __ ] how many cracks do you have is
your [ __ ] [ __ ] out mine was super
[ __ ] up I've got a good like if you
get the screen protector privacy thing
it doesn't really it sort of is like a
blocker for your phone if you drop it
but I always get it on the new one up
I gotta get a new one no one I never did
I didn't have a case on the old one I
mean I take the train to work and I like
I used to sit on the train in New York
and I would like be one of those people
that like just look at people's phones
and if you could see people's whole
shits I don't want someone like sitting
next to me just reading my whole thing
or like watching like I'm watching Ozark
right now there's a couple scenes where
they go into the strip club in there
like showing cities and stuff so if
someone randomly looks at my phone at
that point and see some titties on my
phone they're gonna think I'm the
biggest creep ever so what do you mean
the screen protector blocks him from
seeing it yeah oh hell yeah if you're
sitting next to me or standing over me
like my whole screen looks grey like
you'd have to look get on directly for
it to be oh really it's a wonder that
doesn't look like it does that so I have
a white iPhone and it turns like my
screen protector looks like gray hmm
press the button so I could die so you
see like the background but now turn it
sideways oh [ __ ] yes well that's crazy
mine is not like that mine is not like
that yeah this is this is a good one
it's like a security privacy [ __ ] I
think it was like 16 dollars or
something like that it's not just the
regular Oh like like scream plasticky
thing that's what's up that's pretty
cool yeah I like it a lot and you could
still see your phone good you got to put
your brightness up a little bit more
which hurts the battery a little bit but
if you if you got a new phone with good
battery it'll still last a while I'm a
high brightness dude I love high
brightness I can't like I get mad if I
look at a phone and it's just it's a
little too dim the only [ __ ] I don't
like is in in my car you can dim like
your dashboard lights and stuff like
that mm-hmm
I don't like those so bright okay I said
I think I like those bright too but we
think we spoke about this those like
neon colors are so like just beautiful
inside of a brand new car I'm like a I'm
like a [ __ ] fruit fly deep down
because I just get attracted to a light
like if it's like bright and neon and
people can tell that's why secular talk
colors are like that bright ass green
[ __ ]
that's why we're so attracted to Vegas
cuz it's just like all them yeah like
it's just so I'm fascinated by some
people's iPhone screens because
[ __ ] [ __ ] will be cracked as
[ __ ] you ever seen people with like
how's my [ __ ] no but like some people's
[ __ ] is like there's cracks all over
that was yours that bad it was bad
really it was really bad everybody will
comment on you if it's the first time
somebody saw it there's like a 100
percent chance they're gonna comment on
it that's how bad it was damn cuz like a
little bit just read someone's tweet
what's that you can miss read someone's
tweet because of a crackers there were
some there lines going over in it's more
like a straight down direction but it
did kind of distort not whole words but
letters for sure damn it was bad that
would have gotten me pissed right away I
like big cracks my scream would I
couldn't have dealt with that [ __ ] I
need to see what's going on in my screen
well I'm just the type of person that
likes to keep a phone for a long time
and feel like I got use out of it yeah
so I was like I fought it for so long
and then I was like but anyway I was
gonna say felt like I got that iPhone 7
yesterday but it wasn't it was like
[ __ ] 2 years ago probably I know I
think back of all the other shit's like
the arm would they have the iPod like
minis and like the diesel iPods and then
they had the mini was like the little
square ones on it yeah just to play
music which is like that that's just a
little function of your phone now yeah
and you can't even see who's what song
it is and you can do what like 200 songs
or something like that it's one like the
Apple watch is gonna be like
non-existent there's gonna be like a
Apple well they said Google Glasses was
a big old flop right that's it was
terrible nobody even wanted it
hell no I well why would you want to
wear some like put all that energy
you're putting in glasses for like like
a contact lens or some [ __ ] like that
you know
yes I'm augmented-reality [ __ ] with the
contact lens we're like you could like I
could this this phone
Plus has augmented reality it has like a
game where it's like you can you know
how when you go to take a picture go to
do a video mm-hmm you see what's in
front of you and like on the floor in
front of you you can like do building
blocks or some [ __ ]
it's kind of cool it's kind of quits but
if they do that with like a contact then
you could literally be walking around
and adding like [ __ ] Pokemon
characters and people just think you see
only them but it's like no I see you and
I see Pokemon characters yeah they think
[ __ ] sexual harassment is bad now
you've got some like Google contact
lenses and you were just grabbing that
[ __ ] you be like what what I wear the
Google contact lenses yeah you could
like be at their events picture somebody
groping somebody or something in public
yeah and that's I mean that that's a
weird that's like a weird middle ground
right when it comes to privacy versus
freedom like does the person who's
standing there let's say on the subway
let's say there's a creepy dude who's
got that this contact that allows
reality to him to [ __ ] with reality and
like he's picturing through his contact
some dude like [ __ ] this person who's
on the subway you know like he's just
picturing it and he can see it in the
contact like just added some dude like a
big old dick just [ __ ] this person
right like does that person have a right
to not have some dude like put an
augmented reality fake person there
[ __ ] them you know I'm saying like or
does or does that dude have the ability
to say yo listen it's not real number
one number two this person doesn't even
know I'm doing it you know yeah I don't
know it's a weird I mean that's a weird
middle ground isn't it I think that's a
interesting clever weird middle ground
yeah I feel like also in like the Jersey
like judicial system all there's always
a weird they can find a weird like way
to fight something you know like some
defense they can pull it together like
well yeah because and actually the it's
a brilliant part of our legal system but
you have to prove beyond
reasonable doubt so it's like the burden
of proof it's innocent until proven
guilty so it's like you have to come
correct if you're trying to prove
somebody guilty you can't just come with
circumstantial [ __ ] you can't but
sometimes like the [ __ ] is just obvious
you know and it's just like a no-brainer
but I guess yeah if sometimes like
finding so much evidence is hard to do
sometimes it's yes like the theory is
we'd rather have a hundred guilty people
walk free then have one innocent person
be locked up well it's better to [ __ ] up
on that side of it than the other side
of it where you just lock people up who
are innocent because Locke which we do
anyway which does happen yeah that does
happen for sure
well yeah that's weird I mean I think
people were saying that that actually is
the next thing like the next thing is
the augmented reality [ __ ] where you
could like like I could have let's say
this laptop that I'm talking to you on
mm-hmm I could it could just not even be
there and it could be a [ __ ] contact
where it's there just through the
contact but it's not there in real life
you know I'm saying yeah I mean I don't
know it's it's well they're coming
really when they plant chips in us I
think so like new babies I think so or
like not even not even forced by the
government but like parents will say oh
I have to get my baby the new whatever
chip the new Apple chip and then they
put the chip in their [ __ ] brain and
that chip allows them to do augmented
reality and stuff and allows them to
learn faster and [ __ ] like that I think
so I think there's got to be some weird
[ __ ] coming right because nobody could
have foreseen the internet in [ __ ]
1975 I mean look at LASIK eye surgery
just as a thing you know like if someone
told you you're gonna you're gonna do
surgery to your eyes so you don't have
to wear contacts or glasses anymore like
that concept seems so crazy like almost
seems twenty years ago it seems fake
yeah cuz if they use a laser right don't
they use a laser yeah they'd appeal
Becca's skin of your eyes like so the
skin papillary or the focal area but I
think I don't know there was that
episode of black mirror where
put the chip inside the girl did you see
that one trying to remember she was like
a young girl and they programmed her
with this chip so she can like so the
mom can spy on her the mom could spy on
all that like an iPad and walk by the
dog it like poured out the dog so she
never saw it fear or anything like that
that was a good episode that sure was a
mad good episode but like at the end
she's beating up her mom but she doesn't
see the like pain she's like inflicting
in her because it's all getting bored
out yeah because that's all she learned
yeah which is we sort of do that in a
way anyway I mean if you're walking on
the street and you know there's a bomb
or something up on the on the on the
street you're gonna you know walk on the
other side if you have some kids or
something like that whereas if they're
younger I mean if I like my daughter
I'll walk her past them like a bomb or
some weird [ __ ] so she's exposed to it
because if not so never Beeks but you
know as if she is the bomb look at him
cuz I think when the girl she took she
had her mom take the censor [ __ ] off
yeah and they just walked past the dog
and was like all scared and like didn't
know what to do and [ __ ] so it's like
you got to put yourself in these weird
awkward situations or have some weird
[ __ ] happen to get some real life
lessons when the mom was watching her
[ __ ] that was so creepy
yeah that was oh it's like yeah you're
seriously invading her privacy like on a
level that should be like illegal mm-hm
yeah that's crazy
but I mean that seemed realistic she put
the chip at her too young it seemed Khan
realistic it also seemed realistic that
episode again I think we spoke about
this but when the dudes when the this
woman's boyfriend dies and then there's
this company that just gives you like a
real-life doll that's super lifelike and
they also it also has AI so it took all
of his social media posts and created
his personality based off of everything
he's ever said in social media yeah it
