we might be witnessing a sea change on
the issue of guns at the moment so for
one thing many of the mass shooting
victims friends from the shooting in
Florida are now in the public eye and
they're speaking out in a stronger way
than I've ever seen on any other issue
so I want to take a look at that here
here's a little clip from a speech by a
student named Emma Gonzales terrible
tragedy and how it should never happen
and maintain telling us nothing is going
to be done about it I'm gonna happily
ask him how much money he received from
the National
[Applause]
because I already know number of gunshot
victims in the United States in the 1
and 1/2 months in 2018 alone that comes
out to being fifty eight hundred dollars
is that how much these people are worth
to you Trump if you don't do anything to
prevent this from coming continuing to
occur that number of gunshot victims
will go up and the number that they are
worth will go down and we will be
worthless to you to every politician who
was taking donations from the NRA shame
on you
if your money was as threatened as us
would your first thought me how is this
gonna reflect on my campaign which
should I choose or would you choose us
and if you answered us will you act like
it for once you know what would be a
good way to act like it I have an
example of how not to act like it in
February of 2017 one year ago President
Trump repealed an Obama era regulation
that would have made it easier to block
the sale of firearms to people with
certain mental illnesses
from the interactions that I had had
with the shooter before the shooting and
the information that I currently know
about him I don't really know if he was
mentally ill but I still I wrote this
before I heard what Delaney said Delaney
said that he was diagnosed I don't need
a psychologist and I don't need to be a
psychologist to know that repealing that
regulation was a really dumb idea
Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa was the
sole sponsor on this bill that stops the
FBI from performing background checks on
people adjudicated to be mentally ill
and now he's stating for the record well
it's a shame that the FBI isn't doing
background checks on these mentally ill
people holed up
you took that opportunity away last year
so that's incredible for a variety of
reasons I mean first of all you would
never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
ever see elected Democrats be that
aggressive and that forthright and that
concise in their messaging and if they
were that would land in a way that you
have no idea how much that would
reverberate through society and how much
people would appreciate arguments like
that because she's really cutting
through the [ __ ] and getting to the
heart the heart of the issue hey you
took she said 30 million I read I read
21 million put look at the debate we're
having is the 21 hours of 30 was [ __ ]
ridiculous either way he took a colossal
amount of money from the NRA and now
shocker he likes to sit on his [ __ ]
fat ass while kids are getting
slaughtered and he doesn't propose any
idea that would fix it now the common
dodge from the right is was really
mental hell is about mental health so we
need to address that really then why did
you guys try to repeal Obamacare 60
times and why did you guys destroy
Obamacare Trump did through executive
orders and why are you guys trying to
cut Medicaid right the [ __ ] now
so okay you say this is about mental
health great then I I guess you're gonna
support a bill that allows universal
access to psychologists and
psychiatrists under a medicare-for-all
system right no you're not because
you're [ __ ] liars that's what you are
you're deflecting that's what that's
called
it's deflection it's
fushion they're gonna do nothing about
this nothing so here you have a student
who's doing what elected Democrats
throughout the country should be doing
but they're not she has to do it after
she saw her [ __ ] friends get killed
and you wouldn't ever even see the media
do this like again the job of the media
is to hold people in power accountable
and get the truth out there and get
facts out there you would think that
somebody in the media would go okay hey
let's do an objective breakdown on what
happens with guns in the United States
versus guns in other countries and you
will see very quickly that we have way
more mass shootings than any other
country and we have way more guns than
any other country so maybe there's a
[ __ ] connection there and maybe it
makes sense to do a universal background
check and a high-capacity magazine ban
and some other gun reforms but no nobody
in the media would bring that up nobody
in the media you're gonna see people on
[ __ ] you can see Wolf Blitzer go
Donald Trump took 21 million dollars
from the NRA and now he's doing nothing
and he's their puppet you're never gonna
see him do that it's taking a victim's
friend in a Florida shooting a high
schooler to make the arguments the
Democrats should be making so all the
credit in the world to her and [ __ ] the
elected Democrats and [ __ ] the media for
not making this argument and there's
more here I want to show you some of the
students they sat down on the show Face
the Nation and here's what they said
March for our lives has support from
everybody and at the end of the day this
isn't a red and blue thing this isn't
Democrats and Republicans this is about
everybody and how we are begging for our
lives and we are getting support but we
need to make real change here and that's
exactly what we're going to do so Emma
what is the plan you say you want to
spark the national movement it's one
thing to talk about it it's another
thing to actually make it happen what
are you going to do well what we have
set up right now we have a website March
for our lives we're going to be doing a
march in March on Washington where we
get students all over the country are
going to be joining us these kids are
going to make this difference because
the adults let us down
and at this point I don't even know if
the adults in power who are funded by
the NRA I don't even think we need them
anymore because they're gonna be gone by
midterm election there's there's barely
any time for them to save their skins
and if they don't turn around right now
and state their open support for this
movement they're going to be left behind
because you are either with us or
against us at this point we are giving a
lot of the politicians that we feel
neglected by a clean slate because
that's the past and we understand that
but from here on we are creating a badge
of shame for any politicians who are
accepting money from the NRA it is a
special interest group that has most
certainly not our best interests in mind
and this cannot be the normal this can
be changed and it will be changed and
anybody who tells you that it can't is
buying into the basada that's being
created by the people who have our blood
on their hands
David a lot of people saw the reporting
that you did from inside the school
while the shooting was taking place and
I'm truly sorry that that all of you had
to live through that but I want to read
to you what President Trump said last
night he said that it's actually the
Democrats that have let you down because
they didn't pass legislation when they
controlled Congress does he have a point
President Trump you controlled the House
of Representatives you control the
Senate and you control the executive you
haven't taken a single bill for mental
health care or gun control and passed it
and that's pathetic we've seen a
government shutdown we've seen tax
reform but nothing to save our
children's lives are you kidding me
you think now is the time to focus on
the past and not the future to prevent
the death of thousands of other children
you sickin I just want to say something
I've heard a lot is the word gun rights
and that has the connotation that we are
trying to strip people of their rights
well first of all we have the right to
live and second of all here at March for
our lives at least for me we don't want
to take the guns away from Americans my
father is a police officer he has guns
and I understand that having concealed
weapons is good for protecting yourself
but an ar-15 is not needed to protect
your house from robbers it's not
to hunt bears an ar-15 is a weapon of
war and a 19 year old who is mentally
challenged and has problems was able to
buy an ar-15 easily we don't want to
disarm America we want to make America
have to work for their weapons and we
have to make sure that everybody who has
this kind of power in their hands has
been cleared to have it because if
Nicholas Cruz had gone through five
minutes with any medical professional
they would have said this person does
not need an ar-15 this person needs a
counselor and 17 people would not have
needed graves god damn man god damn this
moment feels different it really does I
don't know exactly why I mean I guess
it's because the students are taking the
lead these people were just in a school
as a mass shooting happened and they saw
their friends get [ __ ] gun down but
this one feels different I know there
was more I don't know the right word for
it
there was more concision and more
directness and less [ __ ] on this
issue in that short clip than on
anything I've ever heard any Democratic
politicians say on this issue ever there
was no beating around the bush there was
no flowery rhetoric it was all directly
to the point hey we would need something
to be done here's generally what we
support we're gonna march on this issue
to show everybody how serious we are on
it one of the kids said to Trump shame
on you shame on you because Trump said
hey the Democrats hit you no blame them
because there was a time that they had a
supermajority they didn't get anything
done that's half true but the part of it
that's not true is [ __ ] you control
everything right now so go do something
right now if you're saying hey he should
have done something when he had control
okay but by your own logic you should do
something now because you have control
do it do it but no they're not doing it
but again this is what a moment this is
because it's almost like the younger
generation got so fed up and then they
witnessed this and then it all it's all
just it's all out there now there are
real
you [ __ ] have been sitting
around doing nothing taking checks from
the NRA as you let 32,000 people die
every year in this country from guns
about 10 to 12 thousand homicides every
year don't tell me there's nothing you
could do that's just not true of course
there's something you can do you're
choosing not to do it so we're gonna
[ __ ] make you do it how about that
and they're right man so this one does
feel a little different I don't know if
anything will happen I mean after Sandy
Hook when we didn't get gun control we
didn't get any kind of gun reform you
know every reasonable people were saying
including myself well this didn't change
the something's gonna change us but this
one is like it's a tipping point a
little bit it feels like because now the
kids are speaking out and man are they
they're they're made for this moment
they're all really good they all the
points they're making are all great and
I love how they kept hammering away on
money in politics because that's the
main thing and you know they probably
already have made the connection but if
they have and wait until they make the
connection of oh [ __ ] that's how our
entire country's [ __ ] run you think
money in policy is the problem when it
comes to guns well wait till you see
what it does to our economic policy you
know that's exactly why
Wall Street keeps getting deregulated
and we keep having [ __ ] giant crashes
and that's why wages for the
working-class have been stagnant since
1980
that's why unions are on the decline
that's why we don't have a living wage
that's why we don't have Medicare for
all
because for-profit health insurance
companies bought our politicians so the
issue of money and politics is polluting
every issue in the United States of
America and that's why our government
routinely has like a 14 percent approval
rating when you ask hey what do you
think of Congress it could be just after
you elect them and their approval
ratings like 20% because our systems
[ __ ] broken and these kids are
pointing it out a hell of a lot better
than any elected Democrat has pointed it
out and the final point here is so this
it does feel different this time around
but but there's another reason why it
feels different not just these kids who
are doing a fantastic job but look at
this top GOP donor I will not write
another check until candidates support
assault weapons ban so that's the only
way that will really get action on this
issue not just when one top Republican
donor says I'm not going to write
another check until you do something on
guns but when you actually have a
coalition of top Republican donors top
corporate donors who say no we're not
gonna donate you until you do something
about this issue and that's it's
possible that that happens I mean it's
possible that we're faced with a
scenario where all of the big money
that's not aligned with guns lines up
against guns so you'll have the gun
lobby versus every other Lobby and then
obviously every other Lobby is gonna win
because they have more money than the
gun lobby that's the sad reality is that
you're not really gonna get change on
this until you threaten the funding
sources for Republican politicians the
NRA
this is one of those rare this issue of
guns is one of the rare issues where
almost all the Democrats have their
hands clean because they don't take NRA
money there might be a small number who
do but the overwhelm over 90% of
Democrats take no NRA money so they're
gonna be on the right side of this issue
when it comes to voting but the
Republicans you can put enough pressure
on them other donors can put enough
pressure on them where they feel like I
will if I vote with the NRA I will net
lose more money for my reelection
campaign so I can't vote with the NRA
anymore I think that's the only thing
that'll really get this to change but it
would be nice if the Democrats had teeth
and they don't even when they even when
the Democrats are actually right on on
the issue like on gun reform they don't
know how to fight for their position
which is the most embarrassing thing
ever and we'll get to a story on that in
a second with just how clear it is that
the American people want gun reform but
these kids did a fantastic job and
hopefully we see more Republican donors
move against the NRA and then that's
really the thing that will maybe make
this instance different
