so last week Trump spent some time with
the leader of Norway and after that he
had an immigration meeting with some
senators some Democrats and Republicans
and in that meeting he allegedly said
why do we have so many immigrants from
 countries quote
countries you know why can't we have
more Norwegians come here so originally
he didn't deny saying that the White
House did not deny that he said that but
now in the days since there are some
Republicans who came out and said no I
was in the room and I didn't hear him
say that it's always weasel words to
kind of tap dance around it which leads
me to think of course he said it and
then some are saying I was
misrepresented that's what I'm sure and
every single Democrat in the room dick
Durbin being one of them but there were
others came out and said no he did say
that and it was clear that he said that
it wasn't up in the air we know for sure
so this story in particular the
country's phrase that led to a tsunami
of criticism it's some of the toughest
I've seen the press beyond Donald Trump
now why is that we have to look at the
context and according to the context
that we were given what he's saying is
and he gave specific countries to El
Salvador Haiti and African countries
what he's saying is hey people who come
here from El Salvador and Haiti and
Africa they're not welcome because those
are countries which means that
everyone coming from those countries are
shitty people which of course is the
 definition of bigotry oh you're
gonna your Haitians are gonna come here
people from El Salvador are gonna come
here Africans are gonna come here why do
we have so many people from
 countries coming here so the
point there is these are inherently
shitty people now the implication is all
people who come from these places are
shitty people which again is I don't
know how anybody could argue that's not
bigoted of course that's bigoted
now furthermore immigrants from those
countries ironically are typically way
more educated than immigrants from
predominantly white countries from
Europe for example so you don't have the
right when you press them enough they go
no we just want to get rid of the
illegal immigration all we want is legal
immigration and we want it based on
merit that's what we want it based on we
want people gonna come here and are
gonna work their ass off well guess what
according to your own standard
Republicans your merit-based standard
way more people who come here from
Africa for example are educated they get
a degree so that's in that's an
interesting fact isn't it because it
really unmasks their real position their
real position is they're black and brown
people and I don't really want them in
the country
so even though they are more educated
which means in their mind the mind of
the Republicans that means they work
harder the boys right they wouldn't they
got a degree and they're working hard
they're more educated but I still don't
want them because you know
countries they're from
countries so their people even
if they're really hardworking and they
got educated and and whatever just said
we don't want them so I wonder what the
operative factor isn't who they want to
let in and who they don't want to let it
why would you want more Norwegians to
come here right like that that was
that's what he was saying hey let more
Norwegians come here when Norway is just
colossal II left-wing I mean they are a
social democracy through and through
you're talking about you know a stronger
middle class single-payer paid vacation
time by law so if they're massively
left-wing and you're saying hey why
can't we have more people from that
massively left-wing country come here
well then that's an admission it's not
about politics he's not saying it's cuz
the politics of the country are shitty
when
he says says their countries
therefore don't let them in if it's not
based on politics what's it based on
based on race so you know I don't know
how anybody could argue that this is not
a bigoted thing to say of course it's a
big thing to say the implication was
keep out all people from these countries
because I've deemed them
countries which means the people from
there are inherently shitty all the
other factors don't matter merit doesn't
matter doesn't matter how hard they work
and by the way let me be clear about
something I don't I'm not even sure I'm
I'm in favor of a merit-based system
because the whole point of people coming
here is that and this is what it's been
all along oh I want to get a better life
and have a better future so I'm gonna go
there so even if people are from a
so-called country that doesn't
mean that the people leaving the
so-called country are hole
people like the idea what Trump's family
didn't come here why would they come
here were they coming from a country
that had troubles probably you know my
my family on my on my mom side was from
Italy going back I think my mom's
grandma was the one who came here right
so my great-grandma was the one who came
here and I guess they came from Italy
and they were thinking hey we're gonna
leave here and go to America because we
want to create a better future
so Trump's logic is to turn around and
say well stop coming from your
countries but again wouldn't the
argument be hey we're leaving because we
want to create a better life so the
ideas they want to come here and work
harder so I don't the logic breaks down
but even so he would never say that
about a place like Italy why because
they're white they're viewed as white
people who come from Italy so it's like
oh even though you were massively poor
when you came here and all that stuff
that good people trying to get ahead but
when it's people from Africa or El
Salvador or Haiti who want to do the
exact same thing and the statistics show
they actually do that where the hell
we're gonna go get edge
at a much higher rate than the rest of
the country and yada yada he's like no I
still don't want you here why what's the
only factor left you tell me and it look
it's a ridiculous conversation to have
anyway about Trump's bigotry and I say
that because if you don't realize at
this point that he's a bigot you're just
not sure you're lying to yourself or
you're just ignorant
on his history so this was an
interesting tweet I thought from Keith
Boykin when did you know Trump was
racist one housing discrimination let's
just pause right at the first one there
that's one that many people don't know
it was reporter early on when Trump ran
for president but then it kind of went
away Trump and his dad owned owned
buildings and they refused to rent to
black people yeah strike one you're out
if you're gonna refuse to rent to black
people again isn't that like the
definition of racism and bigotry yeah I
own a building and it's like Black's
need not apply I don't care about your
income I don't care about your situation
I don't care about the content of your
character I don't I don't care we don't
it's red lining sorry you're not allowed
in this part of town Trump and his dad
were sued over that they had to go to
court okay that's just number one we're
on here
number two the Central Park five lied
that's when Trump wanted the death
penalty for people who turned out to be
innocent people of color who turned out
to be innocent of a crime he called for
the death penalty for them and he had no
evidence of their guilt but he said I
don't I want to kill them and then even
after they were proven in US and he was
like yeah we should kill him anyway
birtherism is another one yeah Wow the
first black president of the US he
wouldn't shut the up about oh he's
not bored here are these from where are
these from Kenya he's from somewhere
else oh he showed his long-form birth
certificate I don't care I want to see
his uh oh he showed his short form birth
certificate I don't care I want to see
his long-form oh he showed his long-form
I don't care I want to see his college
 transcripts weird thing he never
said that about Bill Clinton it has to
be the first black president for him to
say that number four called Mexicans
drug dealers that's when he launched his
camp
they're coming over the border they're
criminals they're rapists I assume some
are good people number five the ban on
Muslims that's is such a clear example
of bigotry he wants to ban all Muslims
all Muslims all Muslims because al-qaeda
exists so in his mind what's he saying
hey any Muslim is close enough to
al-qaeda I don't give a I don't
care if they're Shiite I don't care if
they're moderate Sunni I don't care if
they're Sufi I don't care if they're a
Mahdi I don't care about the different
schools of thought I don't give a
it's all basically the same in my mind I
want to ban all Muslims
I want to ban all of them how can
anybody argue that that's not bigotry I
don't it's hard to wrap your mind around
it that he anybody could argue because
what he's saying is they're all close
enough to the worst kind so I'm just
gonna lump all of them in with the worst
kind and just say we're just gonna keep
all of them out and by the way that's
literally what he said we want a total
and complete shutdown of Muslims coming
into the u.s. he announced that in a
speech now when he did his Muslim ban
what happened it was unconstitutional so
they had to water it down more and then
watered down more and then watered down
more and then water it down more and it
still got slapped down because you can't
do it then we have the pardon for Joe
Arpaio who was discriminating and just
asking people with brown skin for their
papers when he said that the Nazis who
were chanting white lives matter and
Jews will not replace us at that Richard
Spencer rally to keep up a Confederate
Monument that's what they were
protesting for to keep a Confederate
Monument up he said some of them very
fine people on both sides on both sides
they're very fine people then he
endorsed slaves supporter Roy Moore by
the way that's literal he said Roy Moore
said isn't it you know things seem to go
smoother back in those times I don't
know how anybody could deny the Trump's
a bigot at this late date but I want to
give throw a little plot twist at you
here so that's Trump's
country's remark and you know my take on
it but there's another angle to this
that annoys the out of me which is
the reaction from
Democrats so look at this top dem is to
introduce resolution to censure Trump /
 countries remark now you might
be thinking well Kyle why does this
annoy you because this is Democrats
saying yes we agree that he's a bigot
we're gonna censure him
that's so we're on your side okay here's
why this annoys me this is what we call
Mick resistance this is Mick resistance
Trump's bigotry and stupidity allows
Democrats to resist without resisting
nothing hinges on your shitty attempt to
censure him over the country's
remark but they'd rather how many
Democrats are going to back this while
at the same time simultaneously voting
to give Trump more spying powers which
is what just happened 55 Democrats said
yeah we want to allow him to do
warrantless surveillance on the entire
country so for them to allow him to do
spying by the way I thought you said he
was Putin's puppet now you're in favor
of him spying on everybody so doesn't
that mean you're Putin's puppet too but
this is the point man this is this is
what they do they say oh we're so
against him he's such a bad person now
let me vote with him on everything that
actually matters so another
point is how about fighting for the
dreamers there's this whole dacha fight
that's going on now democrats said we're
gonna huff and we're gonna puff and
we're gonna blow your house down and we
will stand strong and shut down the
government if you don't give us a clean
DREAM Act then what did they do push
came to shove and they were like anyway
we're folding and we're not gonna force
a clean DREAM Act so as they're they're
doing fake fighting yeah we're gonna
fight Trump on policy yeah we're gonna
we're gonna look out for the dreamers
watch out anyway we fold and you can
have whatever you want a Republicans but
then they'll turn around and they'll say
oh we're proposing to censure Trump over
his country's remark
sir how dare you say something I am so
against you gosh golly I'm so against
you you said mean things and used foul
language we're against you and we're
gonna stand united on this front to say
that you shouldn't have said whole
countries but nothing hinges on that
people's lives hinge on looking out for
the dreamers their lives hinge on that
but you're not fighting on that front
you're fighting over the ocean whole
countries how dare you say that this is
the problem is that trumps vulgarity and
idiocy and bigotry allows Democrats all
they have to do is go you're a bad
person mr. president you're mean you say
bad words we don't like it when you do
that and then peep idiots in the press
go oh so brave brave of the Democrats to
agree with Donald Trump on everything
policy wise but wag their finger when he
uses bad language so that's what's so
 frustrating about this this is
this is virtue signaling and fake moral
posturing by the mick resistance and
then let me show you one more here
because this annoyed me to Stephanie
ruhle chokes up when recounting having
to hide Trump's comments from her kids
that's what led in MSNBC host to tear up
hide the kids literally hide them now
look I just did a whole thing about how
I agree those are bigoted comments
through and through with terrible things
to say and he is a bigot of course
absolutely but this is gonna be the
issue that leads you to tear up on air
where the were you to tear up when
Trump's first military raid as president
killed a young American girl his very
first military act as president killed a
young American girl in a botched raid
where were you to cry when when Trump
increased drone strikes four hundred and
thirty two percent by the way under
Obama drones killed 90% civilians 90%
civilians where were you to cry for that
where were you to cry for I don't know
the children
of Gaza when they were slaughtered in
2014 by terrorists Benjamin Netanyahu
and his bloodbath in there where were
you to cry then where were you to cry
for all the innocent civilians that died
when we continuously bomb eight
different countries which we're doing
right now where were you to cry when
they got rid of the rules of engagement
in Somalia that's gonna endanger lives
even more so where were you to cry for
all these things where were you to cry
for the 45,000 people that die every
year because they don't have access to
basic health care in the United States
where were you to cry for that where
were you to cry for the UN report that
just came out that said extreme poverty
in rural America is just as bad as in
third-world countries
where were you to cry for that where
were you to cry for Edward Snowden who's
hiding overseas even though he's a hero
whistleblower who exposed the crimes of
our own government where were you to cry
for that because you're not serious
people you're not serious people all you
do in the establishment press is for
what's the hot-button issue of the day
Oh Trump cursed let me cry on air cuz of
my kids all my kids my kids my kids god
damn it man
your moral outrage meter is broken and
it's been broken all along there's
roughly three or four different stories
every single day that can lead you to
cry where I would forgive you if you
cried on air and I might even do a
segment where I say this is a brave
segment where she's showing human
emotion over an issue that truly should
evoke human emotion the slaughtering of
innocent civilians overseas where were
you to cry for the people of Yemen the
people of Yemen who are routinely being
slaughtered by Saudi Arabia backed by
the United States as we arm them out the
wazoo they attack open-air markets they
attack mosques they attack schools
hospitals there's over a million people
who are suffering from a cholera
outbreak in Yemen totally preventable
but why do they have a cholera outbreak
because Saudi Arabia's blockading the
country and stopping medical supplies
and food from going in and we agree with
it we're totally fine with it where the
 your tears for that issue where
your dears you don't have them cuz
you're not serious
you're a corporate prop that
they throw out there to do Mick
resistance and then you turn around and
agree with Trump on policy that sure
will fold for daca but oh he said
all countries oh oh my children my kids
I don't want to hear another
word to Mick resistance I'm so sick of
it I'm so sick of it I'm so sick of the
he cursed have you no decorum sir can't
you can't you go back to slaughtering
innocent people and being massively
corrupt politely why can't you do that
like Obama and Bush so sick of it stop
with the Russia Russia Russia oh
oh oh he's a puppet now let's vote for
him to spy on everybody let's have
warrantless spying on everybody let's
give this maniac free reign I'm so
against him he's Putin's puppet he
curses it's bad anyway here's
warrantless spying powers here's
authorization for another war
here's you know tacit agreement of your
goldman sachs pact administration the
democrats are never gonna connect their
outrage back to policy because they
agree with him much more on policy than
they would like you to know
