we have some important updates on Jamal
khashoggi I hope I'm pronouncing that
right although I mess it up every other
day he's of course the Saudi journalist
killed by Saudi Arabia we also have some
load some responses to share with you
but first let's go to the hill they
report the following an individual
suspected of being part of the group of
Saudis involved in the death of
journalist Jamal khashoggi was
reportedly seen around Istanbul wearing
Yogi's clothes a fake beard and glasses
on the day of the killing
CNN citing a senior Turkish official
reported that the man in the video
identified as Mustafa al-madani was
captured by surveillance cameras leaving
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on the
day khashoggi died there he appears to
be wearing the same clothes Khashoggi
was seen wearing when he entered the
consulate Turkish investigators have
said they have audio and other evidence
that proves Khashoggi was killed and
dismembered by a group of Saudis in the
consulate the Turkish official told CNN
that al-madani was used as a body double
in the operation so what we're looking
at here is and this really you know
really struck me that it's so concerted
and so organized and so planned that it
really seems like like a smoke-filled
back room in a way and I always try to
avoid the smoke-filled back room
conspiracies whenever possible but this
is one of those instances where you're
like the dude wore a fake beard I mean
that is wild so Trump is waffling on
this and he's saying I would love it if
NBS didn't do it and he's basically you
know trying to play both sides and
pretend like he's tough on crime but at
the same time trying to keep the
us-saudi alliance intact and yeah it's
just a mess
so explain why it is that they would use
the body double was it the Saudis
attempts to make it seem as though
Khashoggi had left the consulate yes
yeah so two natural conclusions come out
of that right one part is surprising
though so the natural conclusions are if
you bring a bone saw and an autopsy
expert and a body double it wasn't
something that happened by accident
right over end of this it's not even
close that's super obvious if the bone
saw for some insane reason
not convince you because you watch Fox
News or something well the body Devils
got to do it doesn't it
I mean who brings a body double to an
accidental killing that's a big so
second conclusion which actually haunts
me in some ways more is I I don't think
they could have possibly have known what
Khashoggi was going to wear that and so
I believe that is Khashoggi x' actual
clothes yeah I think they took it off of
them before they kill him because they
obviously doesn't have blood on him and
remember they likely chopped off his
fingers while he was still alive so
likely they stripped him naked tortured
him and it's all on audio apparently so
the Turkish government has that they
keeps threatening to use it and release
it in fact they say they're gonna
release it tomorrow so we'll see and so
naked tortured parts of his body chopped
off and then killed and then beheaded
and dismembered we believe but we're not
positive about the order we don't know
if they beheaded him to kill him
so anyone trying to say that this was
not premeditated is an obvious obvious
liar well thankfully the moral voice of
our generation pat robertson has some
thoughts on this for us so let's take a
look at that now said now and I'll say
it over and over again we've got the
cooler rhetoric and what the president
is trying to do is to give the Saudis
and out and calls for sanctions and
calls for punitive action against the
Saudis is not is ill-advised and Wendy I
just don't think you've got a hundred
billion dollars worth of arm sales which
is you know that's one of those things
but more than that we've got to have
some Arab allies we have to have it we
cannot alienate a biggest player in the
Middle East whose bulwark against Iran
can we have somebody that's killing
journalists that are US residents is the
question yeah you know we've had so many
people killed I mean he had CIA people
eleven and they people have been taking
houses here over the years I know it's
bad but I mean we've had all kinds of
stuff but you don't blow up an
international alliance over one person I
mean I'm sorry oh what a great Christian
thoughts are on reproductive rights
right when it comes to zygotes I'm sure
he's very much concerned about you know
being pro-life but when it comes to
living breathing human beings who happen
to be journalists who get murdered well
you know these things happen what are
you gonna do I mean there was some CIA
people at some time in the past you know
that's that's a great point Anna and I
hadn't thought about it in that context
imagine if the Saudis had committed an
abortion on purpose would Pat Robertson
see it completely differently wait a
minute I didn't know the Saudis were
that terrible
they're killing what they would consider
to be people before they're born after
they're born dismembering them and
beheading them is perfectly fine if you
got an arms deal at stake but before
they're bored that's an outrage before
they're an actual person oh my god we
got to protect him
I I don't know but there actually is no
bounce to Robertson's hypocrisy so he
might even say oh they did an abortion
what's one abortion when we got an arms
deal yeah look
imagine if he applied that logic back in
the day to the guy who started his
religion yeah I mean we got to deal with
the Roman Empire what's one guy compared
to a gigantic deal with we have with the
biggest empire in the world I mean this
one little guy from Nazareth what does
he matter I liked how he ignores all of
the parts of the Bible that are just
pacifist you know and this really shows
that he puts political ideology above
everything else and it shows that he'll
fall in line behind Donald Trump come
hell or high water because he actually
views him kind of as his demigod more
than he used the words of his own Lord
and Savior so I find this it's just
strange to me that you can have
Christians who are really good people
you know like dr. Martin Luther King jr.
for example who use the message of the
Bible for all the right reasons then you
could also get the polar opposite
philosophy to the point where it's
comical mm-hmm
I don't even think pat robertson is
trying to preach anything from the Bible
anymore
and after Trump got elected you're right
he does see Trump as this God figure in
fact he thinks that Donald Trump was
chosen by God to be president he has now
become you know another propaganda arm
of the Trump administration in addition
to Fox News so Jake you know just to
answer the question of whether or not he
would be upset if the Saudis had forced
an abortion I don't think he would be
upset because I do think that politics
go above anything else including his
so-called religious beliefs but Pat
Robertson actually doubled down after
getting criticized for this and he used
the same talking point that Trump uses
which is no but you guys don't
understand the Saudi arms deal is
important because of jobs ok that is a
lie and I wanted to look into that that
claim and actually give you guys some of
the numbers so first off how many jobs
does the US defense industry employ
about 355,000 so Trump claims
oh no this this specific Saudi arms deal
has led to 500,000 jobs in in typical
Trump fashion he keeps changing the
numbers to suit whatever point he's
trying to make so back in January of
this year when MBS was in visiting in
Washington Trump had claimed that this
Saudi arms deal was going to provide
about 40 thousand new jobs fast-forward
to today
with this whole khashoggi controversy
all of a sudden just to justify selling
weapons to Saudi Arabia he's now saying
five hundred thousand there have been
some cases where he's said six hundred
thousand so how many jobs is it it's
certainly not six hundred thousand not
500,000 and again just to emphasize or
re-emphasize the US defense industry
employs three hundred fifty five
thousand five hundred jobs for the
entire industry exactly and by the way
he said on now dozens of occasions it's
a hundred billion dollar deal it's 110
billion dollar deal it's fourteen and a
half billion I mean you could say
fourteen and a half billion that's still
a lot of money right no but he's got an
embellished she has the embellish on the
number
on the jobs and in the amount of money
that would come in and then Pat Roberts
is of the world of course I'm
questioningly unquestioningly have his
bank i was also amused they had
prosperity gospel preacher paula white
on in a different situation in pat
robertson's channel talking about how
well if you look at the bible it appears
that jesus is an immigrant but he's not
he's not he never broke any of the laws
okay and he did he have documents was
undocumented right he's also brown by
the way which you know i don't think
they're very comfortable with that fact
right if he existed at all i should say
he's brown that's the reason in the
world he's from that's right they twist
everything to try to fit their political
agenda and their political agenda has
nothing to do with the teachings of
jesus christ
now speaking of political agenda i have
one more video for you i think you're
gonna like this rush limbaugh also
weighed in on this take a look i
continue to get emails about these the
so-called Washington Post journalist
Jamal khashoggi my question is a really
rather simple one where was this concern
for our ambassador and three other men
brutally murdered in Benghazi and
Hillary Clinton's reaction what
difference does it make now she said the
in frustration this is anybody see a
disparity here in proportion where was
this concern everywhere I don't know
about you guys but I saw Benghazi
absolutely everywhere and it's weird
because he's saying this in service of
the point
okay let's ignore the kesaji thing
because let's not go after Donald Trump
yeah so we had about twenty eight
hearings on Benghazi so that that's one
of your answers second of all there was
no armed steel or other relationship we
had to the people who did the killings
in Benghazi if there was we all would
have been massively in favor of cutting
off that arms deal they killed our
ambassador they killed three other
people that's terror
does anybody think we had a relationship
with those guys no the made up charges
the Republican said at the time is that
somehow the Democrats should have known
about the attack and the terrorists
intentions ahead of time and then
afterwards should have said other words
about it but no one claims that we had a
secret deal with the people who did the
killings in this case we have a giant
the other devil Trump won't shut up
about what the guys who did the killings
that's a massive difference of course
you have to assume if you're Rush
Limbaugh that your audience is not that
bright so you'll be able to escape that
by them including the incredibly
obnoxious beginning to that that's
so-called Washington Post journalist
what's the so called part of it he wrote
for the Washington Post he was a
calmness for them for a year and now you
just want to smear the guy in every
imaginable way and I honestly don't care
who or what he was anyway exactly he was
dismembered by the Saudi government
which seems to be the you know the big
point there so and now finally let's go
to that issue right so these same guys
Pat Robertson Rush Limbaugh Donald Trump
are the ones who told you the Muslims
are the problem we got we got to keep
him out of the country until we figure
out what the hell's going on and I mean
rush limbaugh how many segments that he
knew about the evil Muslims now I would
add fundamentalist Muslims but that's a
distinction we make that's not even a
distinction of Rush Limbaugh or Pat
Robertson makes or Donald Trump but I
mean if you were talking about evil
fundamentalist Muslims it doesn't get
any more so than the Saudi leadership
and so not only it was that the case
before this killing but now Pat
Robertson and Rush Limbaugh are
defending the most extremist Islamic
fundamentalist that just beheaded and
dismembered someone get a load of that
twisted logic and a lot of their
followers are like well of course we're
of course Pro Muslim beheadings haven't
we said that all along yes that amazing
it is amazing and I think that this
whole story further proves that the
right wing only uses Muslims for the
sole purpose of fear-mongering that they
themselves know that the general Muslim
population doesn't really
as a threat to the United States doesn't
serve as a national security threat to
the United States what they do is
exploit people's fear to win elections
to spread propaganda to you know pass
anti-immigration legislation or at least
anti-immigration initiatives and so if
they were really concerned about the
damage that Muslims would do they would
be outraged by this but at the end of
the day it's all about the money it's
all about protecting political interests
it's all about covering up for Trump
helping Trump cover up for the Saudis I
mean it's a really disgusting story
especially when you consider the
precedent it sets for journalists period
I mean this says hey if you're a
journalist the US government will not
look out for you and will not you know
try to get justice on your behalf if you
get murdered by Saudi royals or any
other government especially if there's a
financial interest to keep those ties
yes any government that we profit off of
right and in the case of Donald Trump he
actually has made this clear on several
occasions that to your point about
Muslims in general he said oh the Saudis
why would I be opposed to the Saudis
they pay me forty to fifty million
dollars for apartment of course I'm not
gonna be opposed to the Saudis he
literally said that he and if you don't
know this not only the Saudis switch as
soon as Donald Trump won the presidency
switch all their hotel rooms from other
hotels all the Trump properties I mean
this bribery is not is not veiled very
much I know the Saudis are into veiling
but apparently not bad but in some cases
they literally took out hotel rooms
giant blocks of hotel rooms in Trump
hotels and never went there just Prime's
its bribes out in the open and Trump
says why would I be opposed to the
Saudis they keep paying of course I'm
not opposed to the Saudis oh it's non
rich Muslims that I'd like to fear
monger about while I actually have the
worst of the worst of fundamentalist
Muslims that pay me money so I like them
in fact in this case he said nobody's
told me he's responsible referring to
the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman or
as I'm calling him now bonesaw Salman he
said nobody's told me he's not
responsible we haven't reached that
point I would love if he wasn't
responsible yeah I would love if he
wasn't responsible
now the finally the thing that they're a
little agitated about is that the Saudis
bungled lying so badly that it's hard to
cover up for them they're dying to cover
up for them but it's may mean a really
hard one to the question I raised
originally if you had the body double
why didn't you use it as an alibi
like I don't know why they did the body
bonobo and then they didn't use it maybe
think it's just they're like oh yeah as
soon as it happened like oh that was a
really bad idea he's got an obviously
fake beard they immediately identify who
he is right
so I guess scrapped that plan and in the
beginning of course they said no he
walked out alive and the Saudi officials
officials said that saying no we know
for sure he walked out alive now when
they asked Donald Trump even he had a
tough time justifying that he had to
tell the Washington Post yeah that was
inconsistent you know why they bungled
it and why they didn't use the body
double because the Turks were
eavesdropping on the whole situation
like they had bugged the room and they
have you know based on what we know and
I am taking it at face value they say
they have the audio recordings of the
whole you know murder basically so and
other evidence they're gonna release it
tomorrow so if I were you know with the
Saudis if I were Saudi royalty and I
knew all about that all this I wouldn't
go to the body double because the body
double doesn't matter it's clear that
it's a body double if the Turks have the
evidence that they say they have yeah
now we know not only do they not care
about the genocide happening in Yemen
with our weapons they also don't care
about dead journalists exactly
