so last week the House of
Representatives voted to give Donald
Trump unprecedented warrantless spying
powers it wasn't a close vote it was a
devastating vote 55 Democrats crossed
the aisle and voted with the Republicans
in order to allow Trump to use the NSA
to get all of your information your
metadata and now this came up in the
Senate so how did that go now actually
let me give you a few more specifics
about it this vote in the Senate is
whether or not to shut down debate and
proceed to the actual vote on it so in
other words they're voting whether or
not they want to tweak the legislation
as it is whether or not they want to add
an amendment that you know might add
some protections for everybody from the
guy who Democrats claim is [ __ ]
Hitler and Mussolini and every
authoritarian strong men in the world
rolled into one you would think that
they wouldn't want to give that guy
spying powers they say he's Putin's
puppet so if he's Putin's puppet why
would you want a guy who's a Manchurian
Candidate who's doing treason who's
representing a hostile foreign actor to
be able to spy on all Americans so
naturally the Democrats are gonna vote
to amend it they're not gonna vote to
close the debate right wrong so it
passed 62-38
that was the vote 62-38 and as the
intercept says here it wasn't just
Republicans Democrats also voted to shut
down debate on Trump administration's
surveillance powers now
it's even sadder than that so it was
most Republicans who voted with Trump
and with endless warrantless indefinite
spying but there were some Republicans
who said now I don't I don't want to
have the government with these powers
with these authorities it doesn't it
doesn't seem right
so it was Mike Lee of Utah Ted Cruz Ted
Cruz actually voted on the right side of
this Rand Paul and a handful of other
Republicans again the overwhelming
majority of Republicans were like
warrantless spying is awesome let's give
it to this you know tangerine cheeto
bloated megalomaniac sure he'll he can
wield that power I always [ __ ] up is it
wheeled or yield that power whatever it
is he'll use that power in a smart way
but you ready for this here the
Democrats who voted the wrong way take a
look Tom Carper Bob Casey Catherine
Cortes Masto Joe Donnelly Tammy
Duckworth Dianne Feinstein Maggie Hassan
Heidi Heitkamp Doug Jones Doug Jones
angus King who's an independent Amy
Klobuchar Joe fricking mansion Claire
McCaskill Bill Nelson Gary Peters Jack
Reed jeanne Shaheen Mark Warner Sheldon
Whitehouse the resistance is full of
[ __ ] and what's amazing is many of the
people who are voting to give Trump
endless warrantless spying ability are
the same people who are the loudest in
saying he's Putin's puppet he's
committed treason against this country
so think about that think about that by
their own logic
maybe they're Putin's Stooges maybe
they're doing the Kremlin's bidding or
else why would you vote to give a guy
who you say is representing a hostile
foreign power the ability to spy on all
Americans so it just shows you and it
proves the point it really does that
it's the people who are the biggest
failures on policy are the ones who will
shriek
about the Russia thing they're also the
ones who will shriek the loudest about
all the surface disagreements
although oh my god he said [ __ ]
countries can you believe it let me rant
for 45 minutes about how this is this is
not okay sir this is unbecoming a
president your decorum is not right
you should be more polite the people who
will talk endlessly about how brash
Trump is and how he's breached decorum
and he's not polite the people who will
focus on the style of Trump and the
Russia scandal are the people who agree
with him a hell of a lot more on policy
when they would like you to know because
it's so easy to do that faux resistance
it's so easy to fake you out by
posturing to sound like you're anti
Trump and then you're like ya know let's
let's give them the warrantless spying
power let's vote for and many of these
people did let's vote for many of
Trump's picks for his cabinet why not so
this is the mick resistance through and
through these are the corporate
democrats joe Manchin now remember guys
you can do something about it this isn't
one of those instances where I tell you
what happened and we all go [ __ ] shits
really [ __ ] up son anyway let's move
on to the next story no we can we can
look at this and go shit's really [ __ ]
up but there's an answer the answer is
in the case of Joe Manchin Paula Jean
Swearengen he has a primary opponent a
primary opponent who's gonna fight for
Medicare for all in free college and a
living wage and to legalize marijuana so
you have an amazing candidate fights for
a new New Deal and the wars she's superb
and she's running against the worst
corporatist and in his mind he thinks
well I need to be more like Trump in
order to get reelected no no Trump ran
on a fake populist campaign that's one
of the reasons why he won the people of
West Virginia genuinely want populism so
they want economic populism they
a new new deal they want
medicare-for-all now you might say Kyle
yeah that's you projecting onto them
that's not true we've seen how many
times have we discussed the town hall
where bernie sanders is with chris hayes
in a room full of trump voters and they
gave us standing ovations and kept
clapping for medicare for all and a
living wage so given the option of a
populist democrat they're gonna pick the
populist democrat not the corporate
sellout and not the you know on neptune
republican whose head is up his own ass
what i think one of the Republican
candidate in West Virginia owns a coal
mine where like twenty nine people died
because he skirted regulations are you
[ __ ] ki what who's gonna vote for
that guy you have to have to have to
vote for Paula Deen Swearengen in the
case of Dianne Feinstein there's an
answer Dianne Feinstein is solidly
right-wing she's Republican light there
was a video that resurfaced of her this
week from in the past where she sounded
like Trump on on the issue of
immigration some of the illegal aliens
coming in this country so it's not it's
her voting record to forget the rhetoric
put the rhetoric aside how many times
have you spoken about it she voted for
the Bush tax cuts she supported
virtually every outsourcing deal so this
is a person who's for Wall Street
deregulation this is a person who is not
left-wing at all she loves the NSA and
and you know all the intelligence
agencies which act in a which breached
the Constitution all the time and act in
an authoritarian way on a regular basis
so we have an answer
Allison Hartson is the answer in
California
so just remember man we don't have to
just sit sit back and take it there is a
response and the response is on us it's
on us to get out there and do the hard
work and
lift up these candidates who by the way
take no corporate PAC money so it's
harder for them to get the official
recognition and even with that by the
way
Alison Hartson outraised
every other candidate in the race
including Dianne Feinstein in November
so it can be done we just have to keep
keep the pressure on so let's move
forward and let's fight cuz we I can't
take this [ __ ] anymore
I mean how maddening is this they act
like he's the next Hitler and then they
vote to give him a you know warrantless
spying Authority forever they they don't
care about the Constitution by the way
even if this was under Obama and they
said hey let's vote to give Obama the
the endless ability to violate the
Constitution in the Fourth Amendment and
to spy on everybody and collect
everybody's metadata it would still be
wrong because it's not about the
individual that's an office it's about
the principle of the thing this is a
violation of the Constitution you know
you have no protection from unreasonable
search and seizure anymore you have no
right to privacy why would you and it's
not like they haven't you know use this
Authority in a negative way they already
have this is what we learned from the
Snowden leaks for example one of the
things we learned is people at the NSA
would spy on their exes they called it
love int it was short for love
intelligence it was an open thing where
they'd be like yeah I'm gonna just gonna
go look at what my ex is doing they say
that many people in the intelligence
agencies they are the ones who have the
tape over their webcam on their computer
what this is this used to be considered
like just wacky out-there conspiracy
theory [ __ ] no it's not
they built a multi-billion dollar
facility in Utah to store all of your
metadata this is how they smear you so
what happens if you rise up and you want
to fight for the people look what I have
an Eliot Spitzer not saying he's great
he's a hypocrite in many respects he
cracked down on legal prostitution on
prostitution as he was going to
prostitutes giant hypocrite
but he will also crack down on Wall
Street so what did they do
Wow look at that all the dirty details
about your private life get leaked out
there how I don't know we happened to
stumble across it come on this is how
they get you
this is exactly what they did to Martin
Luther King they rubbed in his face all
of his affairs and they they sent the
letter saying hey what you should kill
yourself you're not a man of honor
you're not a man of integrity look at
what you're doing in your personal life
you're holding up pretending pretending
you're this this moral authority and
look at you look at all the dirty things
you're doing sexually this is what our
intelligence agencies try to do they try
to get Martin Luther King jr. to commit
suicide you're gonna trust this
government whether it's the NSA the FBI
the CIA we're talking about the CIA
history of overthrowing governments so
that we can put our own puppet dictators
in there who will serve our corporations
this unscrupulous authoritarian
government you're gonna trust them with
everybody's metadata and ten Democrats
they're supposed to be the resistance
they're supposed to be the left the
Democrats just said yeah I don't it's
fine take all of our information let
Donald Trump have this in front on 'old
Trump oh god it's so embarrassingly
pathetic they don't represent you they
don't care about what you want they
don't care about the constitution they
don't care about civil liberties or
human rights they don't care and all it
took was a fake example or two of what
we use as a program to get the
terrorists or something so please now
you have to allow us to continue to spy
on everybody you want to spy on somebody
get a [ __ ] warrant that's the way the
system works that's why it's supposed to
work get a warrant and then go spy on a
particular individual looking for a
specific thing no they don't have to do
that if you're having a email
conversation with a loved one of yours
who happens to live in oh I don't know
London they Jay collect all of their
[ __ ] all of their correspondence
unbelievable man unbelievable
these Democrats there's not a strong
enough word to describe how loathsome
and rotten and [ __ ] as they are get
rid of them throw the bums out and throw
all the Republicans out to it like I
told you the the overwhelming majority
of Republicans were in favor that's
overwhelming majority so I'm not letting
them off the hook based on being hard on
the Democrats here all I'm saying is the
Democrats are supposed to be the
hashtag-- resistance but when it comes
to policy how many times have I said
this they agree a lot more with Trump
than they would like you to know some of
them are actively helping right now hey
we need let's deregulate Wall Street
again you want to do regulate Wall
Street again hey let's do that hey let's
vote for Trump's cabinet picture we do
that yeah I think we should do that hey
you want to let this guy continue to go
to endless war and idly sit here want to
let him increase drone strikes and just
sit here they're all there in favor all
that stuff which is why when they're
talking against Trump Atal I can't
believe his language he said [ __ ] whole
countries I can't believe this guy
that's so that's so not polite god clean
up your language sir you want to resist
[ __ ] resist resist on policy but no
you can't do that because you're you are
without a doubt little puppets of the
establishment they're making you dance
for them and they're sitting back and
watching it and enjoying it because they
know you're by no stretch of the
imagination principled and you by no
stretch of the imagination want to fight
for the American people
