hello everybody I am very happy today to
be talking to Khan yella Inge so Khan
yella Inge is running for Congress he's
a little bit of a superstar if I don't
say so myself you've made quite a name
for yourself at such a young age you're
you're 29 right yeah 20 minutes younger
than me and you're uh you're already
you're already a politician so you are
in the Hawaii House of Representatives
you represent the 11th district which is
South Maui but you hear a little bit of
feedback in your ear no I just heard my
voice talking back to me just wanted to
make sure everything's good on your end
mmm doesn't matter I just want to make
sure you could hear me because I was
getting a little echo of myself but um
so we'll talk policy in a little bit but
before we get into that tell everybody a
little bit about why you got into
politics and about your last race
because I know you had quite a story how
did you win your last race at such a
young age and how did you get out the
vote yeah I mean you know I fight for
working families because I come from one
and when you're when you're working
class in like one of the most richest
places in the world in Hawaii and your
knee deploying you don't have to find
your way into politics it kind of finds
you it threatens your existence so very
early on I was exposed to
you know activism and those arts of
things and then in college I was a first
generation college graduate we had this
Republican governor who tried to cut our
university about 130 million dollars so
my brother convinced me to run for
student president for whatever reason
and we we want and it was like it was
weird because my opponent his dad gave
him like $4,000 they're gonna sit in
campaign he was like part of this huge
fret and the whole fight was helping
them but uh we squeak by and passed like
our first socialist policy or finalize
it which was a bus passes were $400 at
the time but like only poor students
needed them
so we made it so everyone shipping $10
and everybody get a bus pass and people
love it
you know even though even the rich kids
love these and you know we did a lot of
things and then I realize like it is
something I could do so then when a tea
party guy get elected in my home island
when I was 23 I was working at four
seasons at the time cleaning locker
rooms and the weight room from like 4:00
a.m. to noon full-time shift and I just
knock on doors till sunset and we
somehow want despite not having much
money in the key grossly outspent us and
we won by fifteen twenty six percent
might I had a knock on over
$15,000 so either we're out all these
shoes and but you know that's that's
what works like this this this economy
is not working for a generation but
organizing is and really knocking on
doors the only way to build a movement
or the best way to build a movement so
of course as a justice Democrat you're
taking no corporate PAC money but what I
find fascinating and this was obviously
the same for Alexandria Ocasio Cortes is
that I was naive as to how much like
accents around work goes into
campaigning like you were literally I
heard the story that you guys had to hop
fences to go knock on doors is that true
yeah I mean you do everything you can
like you wanted to the only way you're
gonna win as a grassroots candidate is
like when when elections when the polls
close you got to know that you've left
nothing on a table like you gave it your
all so by any means necessary I mean we
didn't get violent but by almost all
means necessary yeah you got to be
extremely resourceful like like our
mayor I used the piece that I used to
mail to walk and I just like you know
punch a hole in it but a rubber band
every single night and I write letters
on each door knocking peace personally
like Aloha kolinsky family I'm like I'm
here to listen to your concerns and I
won't sign it I leave my cell phone and
literally at every door so it's like
that personal touch that's gonna win
people over and just cause like when
you're when you come to a door
they can be have foxnews playing and
extremely conservative but if you're if
you can't say you're not hard working
and they guess you're not listening so
when it's just them in the polling booth
is seven their conscience even if
they're like obsessed with their
worldview they know who you are they
never met the other person they're
probably gonna vote for you and that's
what Democrats have failed to do for
four years we've like written off all
these red states that were originally
that they're people that are like come
from Union backgrounds and stuff and we
got to reconnect and speak to their
needs and that's what justice Democrats
are doing yeah it's um it's really
interesting because I've maintained for
a long time that I think populism wins
everywhere and you know you touched on
it there with people with Union
backgrounds and we saw it just happen in
West Virginia with the teacher strike
the idea that Democrats should write off
states like West Virginia when it's
almost like they're just there waiting
for populist Democrats grassroots
Democrats you know people funded
Democrats to step up and represent them
so this is really an opportunity more
than anything in the age of Trump and I
love I went to your website and I want
to read everybody the quote you have on
the top of your page because I really
like this and this is not something that
you hear in Washington DC in fact the I
think it's the opposite philosophy
that's dominant among Democrats in
Washington DC but you say quote it's not
enough to simply resist Donald Trump
people are struggling and feeling left
behind leaders must offer hope and
progress beyond resistance so can you
speak a little bit about that what
policies would point to this conclusion
well we are campaigning on the policies
that United professors in 2016 like
tuition free public college Medicare for
all ending reckless wars but we're also
pushing the envelope for student debt
cancellation to save our economy and
give our generation a shot universal
basic income a green new deal which
would be to 100% renewable energy
nationwide by 2035 through a federal
jobs guarantee and just kind of you know
pushing as far as we can go because
these are things people need these are
actual solutions and these half-measures
just aren't working and the only reason
why Democrats really afraid of big ideas
is because they're afraid of big donors
so you know when you're on board from
those corporations you can just really
just speak the truth and it's been
really encouraging to see the type of
responses we got them back today I just
rolled out our nation's first housing
for all proposal and you know people are
super excited about it
yeah but you know I'm happy you brought
that up because there's a few policies
they're actually unique and specific to
you among all the Justice Democrats that
I think really a no didn't no offense or
disrespect to any of the other justice
Democrats because I think they're all
great but I think there's a reason why
you really resonated amid a whole cadre
of superstars because you added some
specific things to your platform and at
specific proposals that really are bold
and I know that when when I you know
along with jancuga of TYT when I
discussed your campaign when you
launched on my show and I always give
the link okay if you want to donate
here's the you know the website for
whichever justice Democrat it may be I
know that you actually did got more than
anybody else because I think they saw
those really bold proposals and they
were like wow this guy is the real deal
so one of those that I wanted to talk
about so universal basic income you just
touched on it there you say on your
website automation and globalization are
already disrupting our economy and we
must act quickly and explore innovative
solutions to build a future economy that
leaves no one behind studies and pilots
demonstrate that $1,000 a month basic
income every resident would grow the
American economy by 2.5 trillion dollars
and I know that you also speak a lot
about FDR's economic Bill of Rights so
what what gave you the inspiration like
what what is it that made you are you
just a history buff and you were like
you know what let me see what it was
like back then and then you were going
through the economic policies and they
of the New Deal and you were intrigued
or what is it that made you realize like
oh this is obviously the answer and this
is the direction we should go and this
isn't crazy
pie in the sky as the right and even
some corporate Democrats are gonna paint
it as no I mean I mean first of all
thanks to the frost but I just like
these policies aren't I mean they're
rooted in history sure but they're kind
of easy to stumble upon if you just walk
outside and first of all like zoom out
like like Medicare pro for example why
do we rely on employers to provide our
insurance like it's no one's happy with
that the employer is not even happy with
that though if employees definitely art
it's like a broken system doctors hate
it they got to do more paperwork than
spend time with patients so if you just
think is like just kind of look back a
little there's so much work to be done
outside right there's like trees to be
planted bridges to be repaired roads or
bridges to be built roads to be repaired
and just these the private sector is
just not meeting that demand and
meanwhile there's on unemployed all over
the US or there are people that like we
have a really low unemployment rate but
it's because our jobs on paying off so
people are working two or three jobs and
folks stop looking 70 percent of my
classmates go to the mainland so um you
know why aren't we just providing those
jobs to everyone livable jobs your
federal jobs guarantee it like it's very
simple to come up with these solutions
if you just approach it from like a
common sense perspective same as like
climate change like if they say we need
to reduce emissions by this much let's
just let's just get there let's just dim
bad that corporations stop polluting so
much and you know that we stop making
electric cars by a certain year by 2030
I mean try making fossil fuel cars and
stop those pipelines like it it's very
common sense it's just the only reason
why we don't think it is and people say
it's impossible or radical is because
the donors are doing that propaganda
yeah and I think an interesting point
about that I think is that it would
actually help the economy if we get off
of fossil fuels I mean obviously there's
the benefit of you're gonna fight back
against climate change which is just
absolutely necessary and not debatable
at this point but also I think it'll
help the economy because the next boom
you know is going to be in green and
renewable technology and
why not do a new New Deal and have that
be at the forefront of that
yeah and this green new deal that we've
been championing along with the federal
job guarantee it's been picking up and
you see more and more justice Democrats
and other candidates running on it now
as well and that's a good point like all
of our policies it's not like
anti-growth they're actually all
pro-growth and if you and they cost less
than the the proposals we're looking at
now like under Medicare for all people
will be paying like half as much as they
do under the private sector and sure
it's taxes but who cares there's to be
more money in your pocket you have
better outcomes right no more private
premiums and then your taxes go up but
you're still net paying less is the
point yeah I mean that's the that's the
thing about the profit when you
commodify our basic rights and you put
profit in the mix everyone every layer
you need to add profit and that balloons
the cost like it's pretty simple but and
when it comes to like housing in Hawaii
like I'm looking my window right now
there's like luxury condos every month
popping up and it's like twenty million
dollars for single units getting sold so
this idea that we don't have enough
money on this island or resources to
solve our housing problem is absurd like
just look outside scarcity is a
political choice and all we need to do
is is like demand that the money stopped
getting siphoned out by out-of-state
investors and we build for a human need
rather than in speculative profit yeah
and you know I always felt like if the
news media was doing its job every
American should be able to tell you hey
there's about half a million homeless
people in this country and they should
be able to tell you there's about 50,000
or 60,000 homeless veterans but they
never nobody can tell you that and it's
not their fault necessarily because it's
not like those people it's not like the
America people don't want to help
homeless people don't want to help
homeless veterans it's just that we're
not educated on this stuff and I feel
like what we've lacked in the Democratic
Party and in our politics is a strong
voice for working families and a strong
voice for the poor and homeless
people and I really like how you're
talking about this housing for all idea
you know one of the things I spoke about
this on my show a while ago and this is
one of those facts that it just my mind
is absolutely blown by it and it's again
blown by the fact that this isn't
widespread knowledge and people don't
already know this but apparently if you
just leave a homeless person on the
street and say you know what to hell
with you we're not gonna help you
there's gonna be no government action
here that costs thirty one thousand
dollars per year now if you do a program
where you actually just give homeless
people housing that that mean that would
only cost ten thousand dollars a year so
you save twenty thousand dollars a year
so I mean look at this it's so we know
that it's morally the right thing to do
it's ethically and morally the right
thing to do to address this but it's
also fiscally the right thing to do so
this gets back to what you were saying
about how I mean this is it really is
common sense it like the Justice
Democrats platform and even the things
that you've gone above and beyond and
put in your platform it strikes me like
anybody when they hear this left or
right Republican or Democrat any voter
is gonna go that's what I want to that's
what I want right there yeah I mean you
know there is such thing as like systems
trying to turn people against each other
and scapegoating other populations and
psychologically if you're struggling
it's easier to blame like people even
worse off than you than it is to be to
blame the people that you admire who you
want to be so you know they make us
fight over crumbs under the table while
they sit up there and eat the whole pie
and that's all Donald Trump won right he
identified the pain he's like I see you
struggling but he blamed Muslims and
immigrants and really it's people like
him it's billionaires and oligarchs
that's causing the problem so people
that there are sections of like working
people all across our communities who do
want to blame houseless for their own
problems but that's why it's important
that we get out there and organize
because otherwise they're only hearing
one side of it and when democrats try to
run
to the right especially in these red
states or red areas even in Hawaii we
you know they have to choose between
Republicans Republican lights they
choose Republicans and the people who
are on our side to stay home so we got
excite folk to get them out can I'm
knocking on doors with us talking to
their neighbors having those meaningful
conversations and not just buying TV ads
and that's what we're gonna build a
movement and kind of restore that uh
that heart and soul to not just the
Democratic Party but to working people
of any affiliation yeah so you you made
an interesting point there you touched
on a group of people that I call the TFG
s it stands for too far gone they exist
there's no doubt about that but wait you
mentioned correctly that the middle
class the oldest trick in the book is
elites get the middle class to hate poor
people and people of color and
immigrants and the other and it really
is the oldest trick in the book it's
divide and conquer but I've always
thought that the the too far gone
contingent of the American population is
probably maximum maximum thirty percent
of the country maybe even twenty or
twenty-five percent which means that
there's a voting bloc there where
obviously you can get run-of-the-mill
Democrats to support your your you know
your philosophy your ideology and what
you're pushing for but also independence
and also people who would describe
themselves as conservative but they're
actually more populist and would be
would not even the right label when they
say oh I'm conservative so do you agree
with that do you think that the policies
that we push for the vision is so strong
that it would almost lead to flawless
victories to steal from mortal combat
yeah I do and there'll be a lot less
fatalities well said well said so I just
one more thing here I want you to talk a
little bit more about the job guarantee
so I didn't know this but apparently FDR
when he did the New Deal he almost hit a
hundred percent employment
yeah there's something that's on your
website that's why I'm asking
yeah and that's that's the thing about
like when people say like Harvey enough
for these things when we invest in the
working class and we build it up to the
middle class and we build the middle
class out our economy booms like that
creates like people spend that money
it's not like when you give to the rich
and you have tax cuts and they just
hoard it in all share or store accounts
or buy back stocks like when working
people get money they get haircuts they
get groceries they keep the economy
going economy runs on spending right so
you put money that's sitting in
government coffers you put it back in
the economy and it's it runs at its full
potential so our economy was at its best
when we were investing the most in in
the working-class and so you know a lot
of these policies like a Federal jobs
guarantee universal basic income it's
all based in that empirical historical
fact so a final question talk a little
bit about foreign policy what are your
thoughts on the situation in Iraq what
are your thoughts on the situation in
Afghanistan and what should happen with
u.s. foreign policy moving forward we
spent five point six trillion dollars in
Iraq and Afghanistan
that's that's absurd like we could have
college and Medicare and housing for
everyone with that kind of money but you
know I think it's good when folks talk
about anti interventionism but
anti-imperialism is even better and
frankly I haven't heard any American
politician talk about it that's right so
we're trying to start it out like as
Native Hawaiians we know what it's like
to be displaced from our homeland like
we're an economic and environmental
exile today there are more Hawaiians
living outside our state than here so
you know whether it's a war on drugs or
a war on terror or war whatever hell
