ah Louie Louie what have you done son
what have you done
the reason I'm recording for you guys
from 2006 as a YouTube commentator once
said hilariously is because there's no
show until Monday and I didn't want to
wait until Monday to discuss this I'm
also gonna get into the the Roy Moore
stuff not in this video I'll do a
separate video for that but don't worry
I haven't missed that story there's a
lot a lot of sexual assault stories that
leak on the same day it was kind of
strange but I want to I want to talk
about this louis c.k thing for a second
so louis c.k there have been rumors
about louis c.k for a while apparently
you know in hollywood and comedy circles
it's been like an open secret for a
while that he's got you know some creepy
stuff going on and now the there was a
story in The New York Times that came
out that was basically um you know
giving details and putting faces to the
accusations so people you know finally
came out and spoke about exactly what
the deal is so I'm not gonna get into
the details if you guys want you can go
read the The New York Times article
about this at least as of right now
there's I think five different women who
are accusing him of and I don't even
know the right word for sexual
misconduct the sexual assault but just
to give you the Cliff Notes version of
it cuz again we don't need to get into
the specifics apparently his thing
allegedly is he would jerk off in front
of people unwilling participants you
know I think one case it was like he
called somebody into a room for a
meeting when he was a writer on a
different show and he started jerking
off another one is
almost like a Weinstein esque move where
you invite people for you know what they
think is like a business get together
whether it's at I don't know if he did
the Weinstein thing where Weinstein said
oh come to the restaurant and then like
when they show up the people at the
front desk are like oh no he actually
he's up in his hotel room and he wants
you to meet him there I don't know if
Louie CK did that but he met with two
women in his hotel room and apparently
he was like do you guys mind if I like
taking my penis and they're like what
and then he just took it out and started
started jerking off um I don't know I
mean it's a gross conversation because I
don't know how honestly the mechanics of
it work like what does he do we he would
take it out in jerk off and whatnot in
like 20 seconds 30 seconds and then the
women are like what just happened like I
didn't agree to this I'm not okay with
this but yeah apparently that's his
thing his thing is like getting women
alone and according to them there are
unwilling participants and he would just
jerk off in front of them another one
was a phone call he made to somebody who
I think he knew the person's boyfriend
or husband or whatever and it was like a
business call but she heard him like
breathing heavy and then he started
talking about like his sexual fantasies
and he would be jerking off on the other
end of the line and she was like I had
no idea what to do so you know it took
me all this time I'm [ __ ] 29 years
old and like it just hit me the other
day and that's sad because it shows how
slow I am but like now I understand that
like apparently there's a large segment
not a large segment I don't know the
number I have no idea what the number is
but there's a certain percentage of the
population that their whole thing is
that they get off when people are
unwilling participants you know what I
mean like that's louis ck's compulsion
is i want to see that the other person
is uncomfortable and seemingly not
wanting to partake in what's going down
and that's like that's a real it's sad
that's really sad that's really really
sad because how does that happen you
know is it one of those things that I
don't know you're born with and you just
have this thing where the only way you
get your rocks off as if somebody is
seemingly uncomfortable or not partaking
in the the sex act in question or is it
something that you you know you pick up
at some point somehow in your formative
years as a child you have some
experience that leads you to believe
that I don't know people who don't want
to partake or somehow sexy or more
attractive to you I don't know what it
is but that like so it strikes me in the
case of louis c.k it's a compulsion
thing of course assuming all the
allegations are true now in the case I
like Weinstein that strikes me as almost
like like a power dynamic where it's
exploitative and manipulative and
coercive on purpose like they built it
into some of Weinstein's contracts where
you know they described how I think
they're right well I think I'll Riley
had this in his contract to that like
for a certain number of allegations
there's a certain amount of payoff you
know like if they accuse you of X you
pay out X amount if they accuse you of
why you pay out this amount so it's
almost like for a guy like Weinstein it
was like his whole thing was well look
if you want to play ball in Hollywood
here's the way it works it's almost like
he had like a menu that was like if you
jerk me off you got a c-list role if you
give me the head you get a b-list role
if you go all the way you get an a-list
role and a good point that somebody made
was you're only seeing the people who
rejected him and were offended by that
you know what I mean and we've all heard
the audio and that was a monstrous audio
where he's like trying to basically
almost drag the woman into his hotel
room Weinstein's thing was like oh let
meet me in the restaurant we'll talk
about your career and then when the
people got there the the people at hotel
would say no he's actually in his room
we want you to meet him in his room he
waiting in a [ __ ] bathrobe
you know and he would you know that in
the audio we heard there's
one poor woman who is basically trying
to like drag in and it struck it's a
power dynamic with them where it's like
they're trying to exploit these young
actresses who want to make it and
they're they're using sex they're saying
look if you [ __ ] me you're gonna make it
far basically and you know that there's
a power problem they're like I don't
know what counts as um a bad pick up
versus unethical but not illegal versus
totally illegal you know what I mean
like there's a [ __ ] weird-ass gray
area and even in the case of like Bill
Cosby so I don't I think he's guilty and
I think that because how there's like a
thousand accusers of him and I think
many of them you know were literally
like he just drugged them and raped them
when they were [ __ ] unconscious and
they had no idea that's like rape 101 is
math serial rape but then people other
people muddy the waters cuz there are
people that like had relationships with
him who said oh yeah he he did this to
me like 37 times it's like wait what so
you went out with him once and then he
did this to you and then like you went
out with him again on Tuesday like no if
you stop don't if somebody does that you
you don't go see them again obviously
and in the case of Weinstein again
you're hearing about the ones who didn't
want any of it
how many of them were totally playing
ball the whole time so with Weinstein it
struck me as a power play um with louis
c.k it strikes me as more of a
compulsion than a power play where it's
almost like he knows a lot of his comedy
you see it come out where okay that's
not the right phrasing for this
conversation and a lot of his comedy you
see almost like he's kind of slyly
cleverly in the subtext admitting to all
of how flawed he thinks he is and how
bad he thinks he is and almost like he
knows how terribly wrong this is and
that's the thing is like I think he's
smart enough to realize that this
all terrible but he did it anyway so if
that's the case then the only thing I
could take away from that is it's a
[ __ ] compulsion and that doesn't mean
there shouldn't be any you know
punishment or justice for it of course
there should be but it's a stark and sad
realization when you think like oh there
are people who are otherwise totally
normal and in some way is you know a
superstar he is he's extraordinary in a
way but he had this dark side to him
where you know he was perfect he
apparently couldn't stop jerking off in
front of people who didn't want it so
it's man all these this [ __ ] tidal
wave of sex assault and I was talking to
my friend about it and he's he's
admittedly from like a different
political perspective and outlook on the
world than me and what's funny is his
his take on it is so different it's
almost like he there's so much of this
stuff coming out that his take away is
like it feels super witch-hunt II in his
opinion I don't really agree with him
because like again so the example I just
gave sure I think there are many
instances of like even with Bill
O'Reilly I'm sure some of the people who
are claiming oh he whatever assaulted me
or something sexually assaulted me I'm
sure some of them were like they were in
a consensual relationship with him
now they regret it and now they're
piling onto the list of people who he
actually assaulted kind of thing you
know what I mean so I think that there
are some instances of people muddying
the waters and you know they may have
they may not be okay now with what at
the time was a consensual relationship
and they're kind of piling on and almost
D legitimizing the the real criticisms
and the real accusations against them I
think that exists but I you know I
honestly believe quite different from my
friend who I was talking to about this
that yeah it does look like there's a
kind of a systemic problem
how in the case of guys like Weinstein
and O'Reilly it's using your power to
manipulate and exploit and coerce and
it's almost like pay to play for your
career if you get me off then you get
this far and you know is that something
that's just unethical but not illegal or
is that something that's totally illegal
and how do we address it and in the case
of you know louis c.k here this strikes
me less as a power thing but more of a
compulsion thing but it really it makes
me sad that that's a thing that exists
you know it's a thing that exists the
dudes like it's a dark way to think of
it but like think of you listening right
now whatever you're into sexually I you
know I don't know I I know that [ __ ]
85% of my audiences is males so what
what are you a urine - I don't know
women who are brunettes who have big
tits or whatever I don't know but like
that's the thing that gets you going
it's a scary thought to think that
there's people out there and Louie CK my
PA an example of this of like the whole
thing that gets him going is when a
woman's like no I don't want to
participate and I'm super uncomfortable
and I'm an unwilling participant in this
and then they have the face of like what
are you doing and that's the thing that
gets him hard and gets him off hold man
is that scary thought but yeah I hope
you know I don't I don't even know how
would you bring justice in these
circumstances but I hope all the women
who were who were wrong - were sexually
assaulted I hope there's justice and I
think that many of the accusations
against guys like Cosby and O'Reilly and
and Weinstein are true I don't think all
of them are true but I think that a lot
of them in each case are true
unfortunately the situation with louis
c.k they as well they also could be true
but man it's such a wall it's such a
landslide a tsunami a [ __ ] waterfall
of accusations all at once and it's
almost like we're lifting the veil
this institutional problem because back
in the day I don't want to drag on and
on about this which I'm already doing
but back in the day like you get the
sense that in like seriously like in
1950 1960 like this is everybody was
Weinstein in these situations everybody
and that's a terrible thought
it's a terrible thought that like if
you're a woman in Hollywood the idea was
no the only way you make it is to suck
off fat old ugly men like that's the
only way you can make it it's like what
so there's no it's not at all in temp to
try to be a meritocracy on this front
and you know that's one of the things
Weinstein said by the way and if that
doesn't at all excuse it because it
appears that he genuinely sexually
harassed or assaulted a lot of these
women but one of the things he said was
like oh yeah you know this something
about like I think's have changed over
the years or something to that effect in
other words yeah like in nineteen fifty
every single [ __ ] was doing this
like that's the whole game was okay you
know do sex acts with me and then I'll
try to advance your career
um yes something feels super-wrong about
that like gatekeepers who are old
wealthy powerful men who are like well
this is the way you climb the ladder so
in other words it doesn't matter you
could be the best actress ever but if
you're not gonna play ball in that
respect then with many of these guys you
don't get anywhere back in the day it
was probably almost a hundred percent
today I don't know how high the
percentage is but if you know all these
accusations are true then perhaps it's
more than somebody who's a naive like me
thought it was so and by the way yes I
know there's because there's gonna be a
crowd who screams like innocent until
proven guilty innocent until proven
guilty innocent until proven guilty yes
I know that I [ __ ] know that I know
that I know that that's the way the
justice system works and that's the way
it should work I get it everybody
[ __ ] gets it but that doesn't mean
that we're not allowed to have
conversations about the underlying
issues that doesn't mean that we're not
you know we're not allowed to talk about
these things without adding three
hundred and fourteen hedges and caveats
you know well allegedly allegedly
allegedly we all get it that's [ __ ]
grandfathered into the conversation here
but yeah it's sad because Louie CK I
think is a super talent
comedian but you know he had this dark
side has this dark side he hasn't
responded yet at least as of the point
of me making this video but we'll see if
he does so you know in summation I I
don't know I do think there's a real
problem here in the case of like the
Weinsteins and the O'Reilly it was
almost like they tried to bake it into
the way Fox News function they tried to
with Roger Ailes we know that's the case
they tried to bake it into the way
Hollywood functions and their movies
function where it's almost like well
that's the way it works you have to do X
Y Z to get a job and in the case of
Louie CK it just struck me as more of a
like a really sad compulsion that he
knows is wrong but he perhaps you know
exercised anyway so don't worry we'll
get to the Roy Moore thing next because
they're Roy Moore the Roy Moore thing is
there's another layer to the Roy Moore
thing and it's the hypocrisy and I think
that's the thing that pisses me off more
than anything you know like louis c.k if
all this stuff is true what he did is
horrendous but there was a lot of like
hints that he knew it was wrong but he
was doing it which makes it like
terrible compulsion with Roy Moore I
mean he'd go whew thousand miles an hour
down the [ __ ] hypocrisy slide so we'll
talk about that in a little bit but
louis c.k in the words of somebody who's
very powerful at the moment said boom
everybody right as I was about to upload
the segment on louis c.k we get this he
just released a statement he says I want
to address the stories told to the New
York Times by five women named Abby
Rebecca
Dana Julia who felt able to name
themselves and one who did not these
stories are true at the time I said to
myself that what I did was okay because
I never showed a woman my dick without
asking first which is also true what I
learned later in life too late is that
when you have power over another person
asking them to look at your dick isn't a
question it's a predicament for them the
power I had over these women is
they admired me and I wielded that power
irresponsibly I have been remorseful of
my actions and I've tried to learn from
them and run from them now I'm aware of
the extent of the impact of my actions I
learned yesterday the extent to which I
left these women who admired me feeling
badly about themselves and cautious
around other men who would never have
put them in that position
I also took advantage of the fact that I
was widely admired in my and their
community which disabled them from
sharing their story and brought hardship
to them when they tried because people
who look up to me didn't want to hear it
I didn't think that I was doing any of
that because my position allowed me not
to think about it there is nothing about
this that I forgive myself for and I
have to reconcile it with Who I am which
is nothing compared to the task I left
them with I wish I had reacted to their
admiration of me by being a good example
to them as a man and given them some
guidance as a comedian including because
I admired their work the hardest regret
to live with is what you've done to hurt
someone else but I can hardly wrap my
head around the scope of hurt I brought
on them I'd be remiss to exclude the
hurt that I've brought on people who I
work with and have worked with whose
professional and personal lives have
been impacted by all of this including
projects currently in production the
cast and crew of better things baskets
the cops one Mississippi and I love you
daddy I deeply regret that this has
brought negative attention to my manager
Dave Becky who only tried to mediate a
situation that I caused I brought
anguish and hardship to the people at FX
who have given me so much the orchard so
much the orchard who took a chance on my
movie and every other entity that has
bet on me through the years I brought
pain to my family my friends my children
and their mother I have spent my long
and lucky career talking and saying
anything I want I will now step back and
take a long time to listen so you know
I'm sure people will pick this apart a
million ways and have you know many bone
to pick with it but I think it's a good
statement but then again I'm very biased
because I like louis c.k before all this
came out and you know I mean obviously
if you can't bring this up or ask
anybody involved because it just seems
like next-level impolite but he says he
asked all of them if it's if he could
show them his dick and then you know the
story makes it seem like they they said
no and then he took it out anyway or
they didn't say anything and it was like
super awkward and then he took it out
anyway you know I think a lot hinges on
what their reaction was if he asks and
they say yes and then he does that's a
totally different story than if he asks
and they say no and he does or if he he
asks and they say nothing and they're
just uncomfortable and he does you know
like each one of those situations is
very very different in my opinion but I
think I think his point about the power
dynamic is true and I think that's one
that you know a lot of people overlook
or kind of brush aside but yeah you know
