so john mccain passed away from brain
cancer i want to give everybody a
breakdown of his record this includes
the good and the bad now I have to say I
don't I actually don't like talking ill
of the recently deceased and the reason
for that is I don't wish anybody harm
even people who I despise even people
who you could say are criminals I don't
wish them harm I have a principled
stance against death I guess you could
say I hate hate hate the idea of
rejoicing and somebody's demise because
something about that strikes me as like
I don't know fundamentally not leftist
if that makes sense if we really do care
about improving everybody's life well I
find it a weird carve out to say unless
I hate the person disagree with the
person you know unless the person has
done terrible things because then it's
like okay well then you don't really
wish well on people you just kind of say
you do
but then when at the drop of a hat
whenever it's convenient you're like
yeah [ __ ] that [ __ ] my principles I'm
done with it so and also of course cuz
the family thing and yada yada I mean I
just it's just a weird thing I have
where I don't like the idea of speaking
ill of the recently deceased now at the
same time I value truth above all else
so it's like how do you balance the
first thing with the second thing the
second thing being if you take an
objective look at his record it's not
that good and the thing that makes it
more annoying is that the over-the-top
worship of McCain which is happening
right now that's inherently political so
when people say oh you're not allowed to
you know talk
about John McCain I mean the response to
that is well then nobody should really
be able to talk good about him and have
this overwhelming you know feeling of
gratitude and call him an American Hero
and act like this is a statesman I've
seen so many over-the-top tweets I mean
one Anna Navarro was like the idea of
John McCain and Aretha Franklin and the
freshmen section of heaven together kind
of makes me smile it's like what the
[ __ ] are you guys talking about so it is
inherently political if you're gonna
take somebody like John McCain and then
after his death act like Oh his record
is tremendous it's amazing he's an
American Hero and this is the kind of
person that all the politicians should
aspire to act like you don't get to say
that and then turn around and go but you
can't disagree with him and bash him
because then what you're saying is his
politics are being held up and you
cannot say that they shouldn't be held
up or you know your tasteless you're an
[ __ ] well no because if you're gonna
say good things then people need to be
allowed to say bad things as well and
try to point out things that are just
not good in his record so I try to
always balance those two things valuing
truth above all else but at the same
time it's just a weird thing I have
where I don't I don't like the idea of
speaking ill of the recently deceased
but so so we can balance it and my whole
thing is like I feel terrible for
McCain's family I wish that this didn't
happen I wish she didn't have cancer I
wish she didn't die all of that's true
but at the same time I'm gonna tell you
the truth about his record and on that
front hmm you should probably buckle up
so first I'll let's be kind here and
I'll go to the good stuff first cuz it's
not like there's no good stuff there is
some good stuff so what the most recent
example of course is he saved Obamacare
now you guys know my whole take on
Obamacare it's a it's a mealy-mouthed
centrist corporatist largely garbage
piece of legislation but having said
that it's better than what we had before
so it's a giant step
the right direction even though
ultimately it's a piece of legislation
that's [ __ ] terrible so he stepped in
and saved it at the last moment they
were trying to do an official repeal of
Obamacare and if he went the other way
they would have repealed Obamacare fully
now don't get me wrong Donald Trump has
done countless executive orders that
have basically destroyed Obamacare
without officially repealing it so it's
already on the ropes it's already
destroyed because of Trump's actions but
this would have been official through
Congress it would have gone even further
and John McCain saved it now I do I
think John McCain saved it because of
principle as everybody will tell you now
when you hear everybody fawning over him
in mainstream media no I don't think so
I think he actually saved it probably
because of petty personal reasons
because Donald Trump had been an [ __ ]
to McCain you know I like people who
weren't captured he's a hero because
he's captured all like people who
weren't captured so since Trump was an
[ __ ] to McCain McCain stepped in at
the last minute and said okay do you
think I'm not gonna get you back for
that [ __ ] off now I'm gonna save
Obamacare and it said that you know
millions of people's health care is tied
into some petty personal politics some
[ __ ] that's happening in Washington
DC but I think that's the case that
because what actually happened and he
did end up on the proper side of that so
I'm not saying he did it for ideological
reasons because I don't think he did but
either way the effect of what he did was
oh you're actually helping a lot of
people so that's the most recent example
of him being a maverick overall he's I
don't think he's a maverick overall but
there were little examples here and
there where you go okay at least he's
different than the total run-of-the-mill
Republicans who are basically down the
line horrendous and I mean of course the
Republicans in DC the politicians okay
the the second positive thing is he was
in favor of campaign finance reform some
of you may remember this others may not
mccain feingold well that i mean that
don't get me wrong that's another one of
its kind of like obamacare and then it's
a mealy-mouthed centrist [ __ ] piece
of legislation but again it's better
than what we had before so at least you
can give him credit for at least
acknowledging that hey yeah money in
politics is probably a problem
now at the same time you don't give him
that much credit because it's not like
he didn't serve his donors he served his
donors dutifully so you know you're only
given half credit here but again at
least he was in favor of some kind of
reform for campaign finance reform the
bare minimum let's say and then there's
one personal aspect of him and one
policy aspect defendant deserves the
most credit the personal aspect is that
when he was captured in Vietnam and
tortured he was offered hey man his dad
was a powerful person and so as a as a
token gesture his Vietnamese captors
said okay well we're gonna release you
and McCain basically said no you're not
releasing me unless you release
everybody that you have in custody and
so he ended up staying there for I think
it was over five years so on a for a
personal story yeah that's that's crazy
and that takes a lot of courage and I
don't know I don't know how many people
would have done that I mean my guess is
less than 5% of people in that situation
would have said yes I'm going to do
self-sacrifice for everybody else who is
also in this terrible situation and I'm
going to stay with them and I'm choosing
to do that so that's the personal angle
where everybody said so that's you know
when people got really mad because Trump
was like he's not he's not a war hero
he's Wario because he's captured and
then everybody was mad at Trump when he
said that it's I think that's the reason
why because anybody who knows that
particular story is like really being
mad over you're gonna you're gonna say
he's not a war hero when that story on
its own merits this would kind of be
like the definition of being a war hero
like no I'm not gonna be released even
though you want to at least make someone
to stay with my fellow soldiers now
don't get me wrong I also need to
mention because it's totally pertinent
to the situation here the war in Vietnam
was a crime it was a crime I mean the US
was responsible for massacring
innocent Vietnamese I mean what do we
kill over a million people including you
know like carpet bombing civilian
centers on purpose so it's a little
weird in the context of the u.s.
basically committing a genocide against
landless third-world peasants it's kind
of weird to say well credit to this guy
for being heroic in the midst of us
doing a genocide which is but that's why
I'm bringing up the second part of the
story here which is I think you can make
both those points at the same time which
is from on a personal level yes it did
take courage to say I'm going to stay
and continue to be tortured regardless
of the other facts of that situation
yeah that takes a lot of [ __ ] courage
there's no doubt about it but it also is
true that yeah what the US was doing or
crimes out-and-out you know napalm Agent
Orange all innocent villagers just
getting obliterated there's no amount of
historical revisionism that can make
what the US did in Vietnam okay there's
no amount and if you're somebody who's
inclined to still defend the war in
Vietnam at this point I think that's
almost comically stupid given what we
know I mean it was an offensive war of
course against a country that didn't
attack us the whole idea was oh my god
we have to fight there because we're in
this giant you know this larger war it's
a proxy war for the US versus the Soviet
Union and we have to stop we have to
fight the spread of communism because if
we don't fight it in Vietnam next thing
you know it's gonna be on our doorstep
in South Dakota and that wasn't true and
in the process we massacred innocent
people all over the place so I think
that you have to weigh that in
consideration and you have to point that
out you also point out the thing about
him being captured but you I mean you
can't overlook what Vietnam was and by
the way I'm getting more and more angry
at this idea of just calling it a
mistake like oh it's a mistake
yeah what are you gonna do we [ __ ] up
you know like oh I slipped on a banana
peel
it's a mistake no it is a war crime and
it is a massacre of innocent people on
purpose and that is terrorism that's
what that is just because we do it just
because we do it does not mean is by
definition okay or or by definition
better than when the the official bad
guys do it that tactic and those actions
on their own merits are immoral
there is no hedging because it's us that
carried it out so I want to be clear
about that as well but I think the best
part of his legacy of course is the
torture stance now there is a tinge of I
don't know the right word for it but
there's a tinge of something bad about
it because it's it's the classic
situation of a Republican not believing
in something and then when they have
direct experience with it then they flip
and they have the proper position
reminded of like Dick Cheney and gay
marriage finding out his daughters gay
like Oh was I against gay marriage I'm
totally for it now and it's happened
time and time again on a variety of
different issues
chris Christie with FEMA spending being
against a big federal government and we
don't need the stinkin Fed let's leave
it up to the states and then the second
that are hurricane Wallops New Jersey
begging FEMA for reimbursement funds so
it's the classic story of oh yeah I have
a strong principled stance oh [ __ ] this
affects me now now I'm gonna flip and
with McCain it is beyond personal
because he was tortured so he knows how
terrible it is how bad it is how immoral
it is how wrong it is how it doesn't
work and all of that and so at a time
when virtually every elected Republican
in Washington DC was like oh we're now
for torture and not only that we're
gonna be weasels about it and lie about
it and say it's enhanced interrogation
and it doesn't count as torture even
though we literally got our techniques
from a Communist Chinese manifesto on
how to torture McCain was the only voice
of reason on that side that said no I'm
against that so now again this is like
it's almost like what a low bar like oh
you're against one of the most vicious
things anybody could ever do
I guess you're you know you're a voice
of reason it's like damn what look at
how far we've come or you have to praise
somebody because they're Against Torture
I mean that's like praising somebody
because it's like oh they took a
principled anti-rape stance it's like
but you that's the default you should be
on that on that page I mean what the
[ __ ] are we talking about here but still
it has to be said that at a time when
the entire Republican Party went full
fascist and by the way there's still
Trump himself signed a pro torturer
executive order when he gave his on the
same day he gave his State of the Union
address so at a time when they've all
gone nuts he's like no I disagree with
that that's wrong and here's why that's
wrong and he's given countless speeches
in the Senate on this exact issue and
he's crystal clear about it so that he
deserves credit for now that's the good
eye I think I've been very kind and
laying out the good now it's time to get
to the bed so first of all he picks our
Palin for his VP this is an easy one
this is what everybody's pointing out
and the reason why this is so egregious
is because for a guy who is held up as
like oh he's a maverick he's the
ultimate non-political actor he's a
principled man you don't get to hold
that guy up and give that argument when
he did the ultimate in political
maneuvering by picking Sarah Palin to be
his VP you think he didn't know that
she's not all that bright you think he
didn't understand that she wouldn't make
a good president and by the way he's old
as hell even back in 2008 so there was a
chance he would die in his time in
office if you were to win the election
and he would be handing the country over
to Sarah Palin so the thing that's so
amazing about that is it basically
immediately blows up all of the
mythology surrounding McCain he's above
politics he's a maverick which is why he
did the ultimate political move and pick
Sarah Palin and the reason he picks our
Palin is he understood okay well I'm an
old white man so I mean and I'm running
against the black guy so ooh
to try to be hip and cool and young and
with it and and how do we do that well
we we have to balance it out so he was
playing identity politics effectively
and said I need oh I need a woman and so
he picks our Palin and of course that
was the ultimate political pick and it
would have been a disaster for the
country and then he also made Sarah
Palin this important national figure so
he gave her that platform gave her that
voice where she continues to this day to
spew idiocy all over the country so
really important point that he is the
opposite of the mythology that's been
created about him Oh Hayes above
politics no he's not he plays it like
yet all the other politicians in
Washington DC and it's even worse
because he screams through a megaphone
that he is above politics and then he
does the ultimate political maneuver
okay that's the first thing second thing
is and this is one that's not brought up
nearly enough and I haven't seen a
single person in corporate media pointed
out since John McCain passed away he
voted against Martin Luther King Day he
and it wasn't like oh it was like a
50/50 thing no the overwhelming majority
was in favor of it he was one of the few
that voted against it now you could say
oh it's symbolic that's this that's that
but again that strikes me as a very
political thing to do you know if you're
a Republican politician and you know the
record of conservatives on the issue of
race in the US and how the Republican
Party ever since the signing of the
Civil Rights Act in the Voting Rights
Act they've been running the southern
strategy to appeal to you know Southern
whites you're a Republican if you vote
against Martin Luther King Day knowing
what we know about the moral legacy of
Martin Luther King well that tells me
you're just a ranked partisan actor in
many respects which leads me to my next
point
Jake Tapper pointed out oh he's polar
opposite quote polar opposite of Donald
Trump and that's why he's getting so
much praise these days but he voted with
Donald Trump eighty-three percent of the
time
that's that's a real number 83% 538
tracks in the age of Trump what
percentage a given politician votes were
shrunk 83% is tremendously high and by
the way some of those votes where he
disagrees with Trump I would say Trump
is right
like I think McCain was for TPP Trump of
course pulled out of TPP and by the way
he's still slipping in provisions of TPP
into the renegotiation of NAFTA which
they're actually announcing right now
the renegotiation a NAFTA as I speak
right now to you but so it's not even
like where he disagrees with Trump he's
being a real maverick and that he's
taking a moral stand know sometimes he's
actually on the wrong side of it so it's
mixed sometimes he's right sometimes
Trump's right in the areas where they
disagree but when you agree with him
over 83% of the time you're not polar
opposite now some people pointed out to
me on Twitter and I knew I was gonna get
this response yes but you have to
understand that when we say he's polar
opposite we mean in temperament we mean
and we mean in civility we mean in
decorum and my response that is then
you're a sucker because that's not
politics is not about if you're a mean
tweeter or a nice tweeter politics is
not about if you can give a wonderful
soaring rhetorical flowery speech in
fact the whole point of those speeches
is to divert you from the substance
which is how they're actually voting so
if you're willing to weigh you know in
an equal basis their policies versus how
they sound when they talk well you're
asking you're begging to be misled
because of course you know George W Bush
gave lovely speeches while he was
bombing babies in Iraq does that mean oh
well the bombing was wrong but the
speech was nice so we give him a grade
of like a C no that's not you don't
balance those two things and then
furthermore it's actually not even true
that oh you know hey he shows he has
decorum because McCain is was is known
for her
a very short fuse and a shitty temper so
it's not even true even if I grant you
the argument that we should care as much
about decorum and civility versus
policies but I don't even grant that
because you shouldn't evo2 you're the
voting record is all it really matters
and it drives me crazy that some people
are willing to overlook that for the
[ __ ] angle of politics which is the
diversionary tactics of what they say I
mean the whole point you should never
trust what a politician says ever ever
go to their voting record that's how you
know what they're really about then now
we get into the worst of the worst that
was just the appetizer for the bad stuff
but he voted for the Patriot Act
unacceptable
UI nobody gets to say they love the
