a panel on MSNBC discussed the
Republican tax bill and their refusal to
fund chip which is the Children's Health
Insurance Program but what's telling
about this clip is that the host
Stephanie ruhle is kind of ignorant on
the overarching issue so let's watch and
then I'll explain last night
late-night host Jimmy Kimmel made his
return to Jimmy Kimmel Live and he
brought along a very special guest his 7
month old son come one was out last week
while his son underwent a second heart
surgery during his return he made an
emotional plea to protect a children's
health insurance program known as chip
that Congress let expire in October chip
is the Children's Health Insurance
Program it covers around it covers
around 9 million American kids
overwhelmingly Democrats and Republicans
supported it until now now chip has
become a bargaining chip it's on the
back burner while they work out their
new tax plans I don't know what could be
more disgusting than putting a tax cut
that mostly goes to rich people ahead of
the lives of children I want to bring
back my panel Steve and Eddie why don't
they have money for this this seems like
such in America voted for bipartisanship
they voted because they felt like
President Trump was not an ideologue and
he would be pragmatic help me understand
why there wouldn't be the money for this
well there's kind of cruelty and
callousness that kind of rule debate but
who does that win for I don't know who
says right on man don't help the kids
that's what I just can't figure out you
think about what senator orrin hatch
said on the floor in the Senate that we
are broke we don't have the money and we
know that the estate taxes in the tax
plan is actually more expensive than
ship what we have here is definitely and
I and I see the emotion what we're
running here is a value deficit we talk
about monetary deficits but we have a
value deficit in this country what do we
value what do we cherish how do we
extend to our fellows dignity and
standing and the most vulnerable among
us children
but what is the Republican rationale one
of Roy Moore's points I think it was Roy
Moore loves children Doug Jones loves
abortion if it is the party of Family
Values in order to be a family that
includes my children each one who wants
greater power help me the Republican
roundtable says let it ride the
hypocrisy in the rot or worthy of
discussion the meanness the cruelty but
this is very simple to understand and it
gives me no pleasure to say I've spent
my life in the Republican Party is
better to say this this party has
demonstrated a complete incapacity to
govern period and I think that there
will be a tsunami come 2018 that wipes
you're not answering my question I want
to understand who is the body that's
saying this isn't a good political move
we don't have the money they have the
money when they want the money part of
what I'm trying to say is that there is
there is it hierarchy of concern we
don't have the money because we're busy
giving money to our donors we don't have
the money because we're governing for
the top one percent the top wins a great
guy Steve Wynn who raises money for the
RNC the grand pooh-bah over there is
like yep get the kids who's the person
who says let's not do this they don't
care
period well the government is corrupted
it's corrupted it is not about regular
people it is not about that vulnerable
child this tax bill is a payoff corrupt
from A to Z to the special interest
constituencies one thing that Jimmy
Kimmel said was wrong
rich people aren't benefiting from this
faceless multinational corporations are
benefiting from this they've even taken
rich people out of the equation as
beneficiaries of the of the programs so
this is a button paid for corrupted
institution and the American people were
violet
they've assigned it a 15 16 percent
approval level and there's good reason
for that but there's no understanding
here other than the broad understanding
of the magnitude of the corruption and
this is for corporate America this is
why they don't have the money because
they're giving a corporate tax cut okay
I have a lot to say about this so first
of all a quick correction this is for
rich people and for corporations it's
not just for corporations and rich
people are excluded no it's for rich
people and corporations if you look at
all the different tax cuts that are part
of this proposal they overwhelmingly go
to the rich and corporations but overall
those two gentlemen on the panel there
are mostly right there's ain't yeah it's
corruption they're serving their donors
that's what's happening and they don't
care they don't care about the side
effects of this and Oh whoop so we
didn't fund a children's health care
program whatever who gives a [ __ ] so
they're largely right about it but what
I find absolutely stunning is that the
host here Stephanie ruhle she seems to
genuinely be shocked by their answer she
keeps asking why isn't there money for
this
why isn't there money for this she says
it over and over and I don't understand
where's them why don't we have money for
this I can't believe who's sitting back
and going you know what don't worry
about the kids and then they give an
executive an example of a Republican
mega donor it's like he seems like a
nice guy Stephanie anytime you have a
bill like this which overwhelmingly
serves the rich and corporations and
screws over everybody else in the
country if you make seventy five
thousand dollars a year or less your
taxes are getting raised what's going on
is corruption what's going on is
legalized bribery your especially when
it comes to the issue of health care if
you trace back why are we doing policy X
Y or Z you're gonna find big pharma is
profiting
you're gonna find health insurance
companies are profiting you're gonna
find healthcare product manufacturers
are profiting we'll get Tom Price
invested $300,000 of his own money
representative Tom price and then
proposed bills that increase the profits
of those companies you are 100% of the
time gonna find rich people and
corporations profiting you're also 100%
of the time gonna find politicians
taking campaign contributions from Big
Pharma from for-profit health insurance
companies and then they're gonna do
their bidding so I honestly think it's
somewhat indefensible that you have a
host on what's supposed to be the
liberal Network who apparently is
stunned that um corruption legalized
bribery doing the bidding of your donors
in corporate America and the rich
instead of the American people why I
never I'm why why don't we have the
money for this why don't we have the
money I got to show you guys two
headlines because just so you know
anytime they they say wait we don't have
the money for this which literally
senator Orrin Hatch made that case on
the floor of the Senate he said listen
chip the children's health insurance
program sure I mean I'd like to help
those people but I'm not gonna help
people who can't help themselves and we
don't have the money he's talking about
sick kids he's gonna I don't want to
help people who can't help themselves
in other words pull yourself up by your
bootstraps you sick kid but hey we don't
have the money we don't have the money
funny you seem to have money for this
this is a 1 billion dollar new US
Embassy in London 1 billion dollar 1
billion dollar you could have built a US
Embassy for [ __ ] who knows 5 million
you spent 1 billion dollars they always
have the money when they want it they
always do
now that's just a billion we're talking
about how about this next one
there was a u.s. fighter jet program the
new f-35 the program cost over a
trillion dollars point number one is the
old f-35 worked perfectly fine point
number two is for the longest time this
f-35 the new one couldn't even fly
properly but overall in the lifetime of
the program over a trillion dollar was
the trillion dollars was spent on a new
fighter jet we always have the money
when we want it nobody ever says hey
listen we got nine hundred military
bases around the world those bases cost
a hundred billion dollars a year to
maintain I think maybe we should cut
those bases by 50% so we can save 50
billion nobody says that nobody says
that nobody says that nobody says that
nobody's ever said hey I'm not sure we
can afford the 80 billion dollars a year
we give to big banks in corporate
welfare I'm not sure we can afford that
no hey listen I want to give Exxon Mobil
four billion dollars a year in a
corporate welfare check to help them
with the research and development we
can't afford it
we can't [ __ ] afford it we can't
afford what are we gonna do nobody
whenever it's a program for the rich for
corporations for the military-industrial
complex
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh blank check
[ __ ] blank check whenever it's
college whenever it's healthcare
whenever it's a safety net program for
poor people
whenever children's health insurance ah
we don't have the money we don't have
and host on MSNBC the best you're gonna
get from the host on MSNBC and I don't
want to [ __ ] on this conversation too
much because at least the people on the
panel had the answer but it's just
stunning to me she doesn't get it the
host on MSNBC is whoa I can't believe
they don't have the money for this
program in other words she actually
believes them when they say hey we don't
have the money for it like she hears
that and she's like well I guess that
seems pretty reasonable I guess we don't
have the money for it obviously we have
the money for [ __ ] sick kids
clearly we have the money for Sick Kids
100% we have the money for sick
everybody did you know that with just
the increase in military spending this
year just the increase in military
spending this year so not the total
military budget which is over seven
hundred billion dollars but just the
increase which is anywhere from fifty to
a hundred billion dollars you can fully
fund Bernie Sanders free college program
I mean think about that people will
argue we don't have the money we don't
have the money for free college
meanwhile the cost of free college in
total is less than just the increase in
the military budget for this year
they're [ __ ] full of [ __ ] and they're
liars because they're corrupt do you
understand that now also with Medicare
for all you know what they're right is
expensive you know how much it costs
over the next 10 years to do Medicare
for all 32 trillion dollars that's a lot
there's a T in that [ __ ] 32 trillion
but what they don't tell you is if we
don't do it our current system will cost
49 trillion over the next 10 years so
that means there would be a net savings
of 17 trillion dollars if we do Medicare
for all but they still have the nerve to
tell you we can't afford it we can't
afford it no we can't afford our current
system we can't afford a rapacious
unnecessary for-profit cash sucking
middleman to be there anymore that's
what we can't afford but don't worry all
you have to do is out of the words we
can't afford it
if you're a corporatist and you're a
plutocrat and the liberal network hosts
will go out there and say you know gosh
man it would be nice if we had health
care for kids but hey they say we they
can't afford it I wonder why they say
they can't afford it and then she'll ask
43 times hey why can't they afford this
listen
Stephani the answer is always corruption
the answer is always legalized bribery
the answer is always to follow the money
and see who's getting their bidding done
the bidding of the American people is
never done
because we don't have big money donors
we don't have lobbyists on our side so
the chances of a politician doing the
bidding of a grandma from Cleveland
versus the Koch brothers or Sheldon
Adelson or a big-money donor there's no
chance they're gonna look out for the
four regular people so that's what you
should be talking about all the [ __ ]
time I think her ignorance on this is
fairly inexcusable that's what you
should be talking all the time you
should be talking about the corruption
because that's the main driving factor
in our politics how else could we have a
system where 80% of Americans want a
minimum wage increase and we don't get
it
ninety three percent want a universal
background check for gun purchases
because we have a mass shooting every
other week and we don't get it only 17
percent still want to be in Afghanistan
but we're still in Afghanistan I haven't
seen a poll on chip but I'd imagine if
you polled the American people probably
over 90 percent of people like yeah I'm
for health insurance for kids but we
don't get it our infrastructure has a
great of d+ paul the american people ask
them if they're happy with the
infrastructure integrated E+ I'm curious
what their [ __ ] response will be it is
crystal clear the American people want
us to be a social democracy instead
we're a corporate plutocracy kleptocracy
and you need to be the cop looking out
after this and calling out the [ __ ]
but instead you have to inquire
repeatedly because you don't understand
the most basic facts about the way our
politics function it's really sad
thankfully the people on the panel
straightened you out but now now you
know it now you should talk about it
endlessly how we are amazingly corrupt
whenever they say we don't have the
money we do have the money but they just
don't want to prioritize those things
that would look out for regular people
and they don't give a [ __ ] if it means
hey maybe some kids don't get their
health insurance or health care and
maybe they die they don't care they do
not care
