so virtually all of you know this by now
but guess what happened a few days ago
Democrats caved on the spending bill in
government shutdown they caved so if you
remember the one thing that they were
asking for
they started the debate by asking for
one thing that was the the whole debate
was just okay we understand that you're
the Republican Party you're in control
the government from top to bottom we
don't know what the [ __ ] were doing as
Democrats so can you please please
please please please just give us
protection for the dreamers which over
80% of the American people want please
please please and then the Republicans
said no well the government's back open
so obviously the Republicans gave an
inch at the very least they gave a
centimeter or a millimeter or else the
government would still be closed right
no they gave nothing the exact same
thing that Mitch McConnell was offering
the day before the government shutdown
is the exact same thing that the
Democrats got after the government
shutdown they didn't even get protection
for the dreamers they were asking for
one thing they didn't get it you know
what they got a verbal commitment from
Mitch McConnell which by the way is
worth so much he's the the most disliked
politician in the United States of
America that's a literal nobody trusts
them nobody likes him he has a track
record of being a far-right lunatic
who's unwilling to compromise who's
unwilling to bend on anything but
Chuckie Schumer got a verbal commitment
from Mitch McConnell that at some point
in the future Daka would come up for a
vote they didn't even say oh we're gonna
guarantee you know X amount of
Republican votes so hey it's probably
gonna pass because look how many people
that we have that are gonna support it
didn't say any of that
I guarantee that at some point in the
future there will be a vote on Dhaka
where it may be passes or it doesn't and
Chuck Schumer's like okay that's fine
let's uh let's go in that direction
[Music]
now there's an NBC News Paul there's a
new NBC new News poll 39% of Americans
now say that the Democrats deserve the
lion's share of the blame for the
government shutdown
38% blame Trump and the GOP so the
American people it's it's by a slim
one-point margin within the margin of
error so it's really a wash here but the
America people go yeah okay it's kind of
the Democrats fault that's why we had
the shutdown I need you to understand
that the Democrats were plus 20 points
five days ago
on the shutdown so in other words every
poll showed oh if the government shuts
down it's gonna be the fault of the
Republicans because the Republicans
control the House the Senate and the and
obviously the presidency so the
government shuts down it's on then
clearly the Democrats were plus 20
points then the government shuts down
you know you have Chuck Schumer showing
the spine of a jellyfish and then the
weakness is so overwhelming that the
American people go oh gross yeah anyway
it's like a 50/50 I don't know it's it
looks like it's both their faults for
the government shutting down it's not
the Republicans fault maybe he's 50/50
something so in other words all of the
[ __ ] marketing and messaging that
the Republicans started doing right when
the shutdown happened it worked it
worked the Democrats had a 20-point lead
going into a shutdown but then the
Republicans took to Twitter Paul Ryan
and you know Mitch McConnell and the
Republicans went out on the end
Trump and the Republicans went out on
the shows on TV and they said hashtag
Schumer shut down Schumer shut down
Schumer shut down Schumer shut down
that's what this is is the Democrats
fault as the Democrats Falls the
Democrats fault is the Democrats fault
it's the Democrats fault and then when
you repeat something enough people
eventually shrug and go okay I guess and
that's what happened here now how much
did you hear the Democrats saying in
that in that time frame when the
shutdown was happening did you hear them
say anything I didn't hear them say much
in fact the only arguments I heard
coming out of the Democrats is oh we
gave Trump everything he wanted what
what so the Republican marketing is I'm
gonna drop an anvil on your head
blame you for everything and I'm gonna
continue hammering at home even after
Schumer caved Trump took a victory lap
on Twitter Democrats caved a Democrat
scape weak spineless you had you know
rubbing it in like oh god you guys suck
at that I'm gonna rub it in your face a
little bit
everything about this Democratic Party
is screams weakness
it's beyond pathetic what we're
witnessing I've never seen that before
you had a 20-point advantage going into
a shutdown where people were going to
blame the Republicans but you didn't say
anything during the shutdown you didn't
remind people hey Trump shut down
Republicans shut down they control every
level of government here hey why don't
the Republicans come out there and tell
you why they're against the policy that
over 80% of the American people are in
favor of even a majority of Republicans
want to support the dreamers why don't
they tell you they don't they don't say
cuz they don't know how to market they
don't know how to message they don't
know how to make their [ __ ] case they
don't know how to keep the pressure on
and so they just ended up [ __ ]
withering away and caving they turned a
giant advantage into a disadvantage
imagine if the Republicans had a policy
where over 80% of the American
or with them you wouldn't be able to get
them off TV you wouldn't be able to
prevent them from telling you eight
times a day oh by the way America people
are with me they're not with the
Democrats
hey Democrats why are you tyrants why
are you fascist trying to override the
will of the American people I thought
this was supposed to be a representative
democracy what's going on here but the
Democrats have a gigantic advantage over
80% of them with over 80% of the
American crafts and protecting dreamers
and what do you hear me we gave you
everything you want mr. president and
yes maybe the shutdown is our fault
Oh God so here's the best line of the
article I want to show you Schumer and
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
believed they had a deal in September
that would exchange protection
protections for dreamers for more border
security as long as that did not include
funding for Trump's promised border wall
Trump later said that no such deal had
been struck and the White House released
a long list of 70 demands including the
border wall that the administration
required in exchange for protecting
dreamers you see what the Republicans do
they go oh you want one thing one thing
that over 80% of the American people
agree on okay we'll consider giving you
that one thing here's a list of 70
things you have to give me mind you the
70 things that the Republicans are
asking for across the board they pull it
less than 50% the colossal position of
strength that the Democrats had is
indescribable I mean you can give a
middle schooler with no training in
politics the same scenario and they'd be
like oh [ __ ] thank you
this is great so let me teach the
Democrats a little something here if
they're all asking you for 70 things in
return for one thing why not turn the
tables on them and say oh that's nice
now here's my
140 demands to get a single Democratic
vote a single Democratic vote you're not
gonna get a [ __ ] single Democratic
vote unless you give me 140 things now
listen at the end of the day are you
gonna get a hundred for snot but when
you negotiate from a position of
strength if you it what's the old saying
if you shoot for the stars you might
reach the moon right oh I'm gonna shoot
for the stars they're really [ __ ] far
out there I didn't get to the stars but
I got to the moon see this is why we
were saying from day one the Democrats
position should be here's what's gonna
happen you are gonna give us protection
for the dreamers you are gonna give us
chip the children's health insurance
program funding you're gonna give us net
neutrality you're gonna give us a
guarantee that there's no cuts to Social
Security or Medicare you're gonna give
us full funding for Puerto Rico because
they're US territory and they were
obliterated by a hurricane and they're
sitting there some of them still don't
even have [ __ ] power you're gonna
give us I'm just getting started
but there are five things you will not
get a single Democratic vote until you
give us every one of those things now
when they try to go buh-buh-buh but you
go every one of those things I just told
you polls over 60 percent in fact here I
will show you the polls I'll give you
the exact number for each one now so if
you're against fine if you're not in
favor of giving us anything things fine
now you're gonna have to go explain to
the American people why it is that over
60% of them can piss off you're gonna
have to explain to them why in a
representative democracy you refuse to
represent them you say no I'm not going
to do the things that are overwhelmingly
popular and by the way I'm gonna try to
do things that are not popular at all
you have to go out there and do that if
I if I was one of the Democrats oh my
god I'd be so insufferable and smug and
I'd be so unbearable I'd be on every
show I could get on on on you know the
sunday talk shows I'd be all over
Twitter I would have made people go okay
okay I get it this is a trump shut down
and a Republican shutdown and the
Republicans want to do policies
everybody hates and you want to do
policies everybody's for and if you
fight really really really hard
eventually it would be a no brainer of
course you would get [ __ ] daca of
course you would absolutely of course
you would get chip by the way
they were bragging cuz chip was given to
them for six years six years if you did
ship for ten years you save billions of
dollars it's a program then that saves
the government money and it's health
health insurance for children what the
[ __ ] oh god they're so embarrassing
they're so pathetic and okay you ready
for this I haven't even gotten to the
the most important part so this was the
original agreement
okay look well Chuck Schumer goes crying
to the Republicans okay I guess maybe
we'll give you everything you want will
reopen the government and they did a fun
you know they funded the government for
I don't know three weeks or some
ridiculous small timeframe like that
but guess what the Republicans already
reneged on the plan to do a clean DREAM
Act down the road look they caved again
the Democrats caved again okay I know
that we said that under the deal to
reopen the government we will you'll
you'll do a DREAM Act later but you
don't even have to do that we can just
drop the DREAM Act thing completely and
maybe we'll get a budget deal are you
kidding me
are you kidding me and you know the
Democrats genuinely think like no we're
gonna come out of this thing looking
good because you know what this shows we
are moderate and bipartisan and we like
to in compromise every single person on
the Left who was invigorated and is
ready like yeah let's go get the
Republicans yeah let's make sure we go
vote for Democrats in order to you know
take the country back every single one
of them thought well obviously the
reason we would vote for Democrats is
because they're willing to fight for us
for our position well now everybody in
the country who
gives a [ __ ] about the dreamers
everybody in the country who gives a
[ __ ] about the issue of immigration they
go why would I go vote for the Democrats
now at the end of the day you give the
Republicans exactly what they want
anyway I'm picking you because you are
supposed to fight for us if you cave the
first time they make a peep even though
over 80% of the American people are with
you then what the [ __ ] is the point of
me going to vote for you there is no
point in me doing that it's a waste of
[ __ ] time they've Democrats are so
stupid they think they're doing some
sort of you know they're playing chess
and like oh we just got the Republicans
because by giving them exactly what they
wanted at some point down the road
something happens and then maybe somehow
magically we end up getting what we want
no you keep losing because you're losers
you don't win by losing you win by
winning but they abandoned immediately
they abandoned and to be clear this is
more the Senate Democrats in the House
Democrats although some House Democrats
are weak as [ __ ] too but they were
reported in the house they're like what
the [ __ ] what are you doing you have
over 80% of the American people with you
and you're like okay I will cave on that
what I would never in a million years
give them a single vote not a single one
until we get daca chip and even the
other things that I laid out for you
protection for Social Security Medicare
net neutrality but the fact that they
went into the debate asking for one
thing they got nothing except a promise
that eventually we'll vote on it and
then now they don't know where and I'm
gonna do that well then what the [ __ ]
are the Democrats good for they're good
for nothing and there's this theory
floating around now and it looks pretty
good right now
that they're controlled opposition that
you have you know what happens is the
donors fund really strong Republicans
who don't back down under any
circumstances they fund really weak
Democrats and the whole point of the
Democrats is you know they're like the
wrestler you know how there's a wrestler
who's old and no longer star and they're
in the twilight of their career and then
the idea is a new wrestler comes up and
they
over on the old wrestler meaning that
they become popular by beating this old
you know wrestler who has somewhat of
some name recognition or whatever well
that's what the Democrats are you know
Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi the
leadership of the Democratic Party
they're funded by big donors they're
funded by Wall Street they're funded by
Big Pharma and for-profit health
insurance companies and their job is to
go out there say yeah we kind of with
the people I guess we're not as shitty
as the other guys but then whenever an
actual policy fight happens immediately
the Democrats came here have whatever
you want Republicans and that they had
the nerve are you kidding me Chuck
Schumer had the nerve to say well you
know if the people gave us the if people
voted for us then you know maybe we'd
have the DREAM Act now you wouldn't
fight for it when you had over eighty
percent of the American people with you
you wouldn't take a stand on it so we're
supposed to believe you that don't worry
I'm really for it and and why the [ __ ]
would we believe you on that you caved
immediately and you got nothing yeah it
looks like they could be controlled
opposite they're weak on purpose they're
weak on purpose all of all the
grassroots energy and everything which
is gone it's nowhere to be found because
this now people are getting the wake-up
call that we were rewarding them that
this was the case from day one but
they're getting the wake-up call like oh
this Democratic Party is utterly useless
they're just totally useless they don't
believe in actual populist Left ideas
they don't want to fight for the people
so you know [ __ ] why the [ __ ] would we
help them exactly which is why primaries
are the answer there's a lot of
primaries going on right this second
Justice Democrats are running over 50
different candidates the candidates are
all populist left and they're fighting
for Medicare for all in free College in
a living wage and they wouldn't have
buckled on so this is such a no-brainer
no we're not gonna give you a [ __ ]
the DREAM Act the DREAM Act
you're gonna we're not gonna get you're
not gonna get a single vote if it's not
for the if you don't have the DREAM Act
in there okay that's such a no-brainer
but
there are candidates out there who will
do the right thing but of course the
Democratic Party they're suppressing
those candidates and they're propping up
the candidates who are weak who are
corporate and who are Republican light
and we're gonna get to another story on
that later where you're gonna I'm gonna
give you the details of that because
really when you peek behind the curtain
holy [ __ ] it's worse than any of us ever
thought but there you have it the
Democratic Party they couldn't they
couldn't get any more week the
Republicans will when the Republicans
have a policy that is 30% liked for
example the tax bill they just passed
about 30% the American people like to I
think was 33% they take a policy where
they're at 30% and they'll run roughshod
over everybody and they'll say you're
crazy if you disagree with me we're
gonna do this policy the Democrats have
over 80% I will cave immediately and
give you everything you want they didn't
even start the negotiation by asking for
things that are overwhelmingly popular
that the American people want they'd
even start the negotiation from there
they started by asking for one thing and
then eventually they came and didn't get
that got a promise to do it later and
then now we know they're I mean get that
[Music]
they don't get it they'll never get it -
then the answer is always the same oh we
always should move right in order to be
more moderate be more bipartisan
compromise more and that's the way we
get people to like us more the more we
stab our base in the back the more we
pick up those moderate voters in the
suburbs who are fiscally conservative
but socially moderate so hey that's the
direction we're gonna go and you've been
trying that for decades and every time
you've gotten your ass handed you on a
silver platter
you lost a thousand seats under Barack
Obama Hillary Clinton lost running on
that exact same model to Donald Trump a
dumbass reality star with an IQ of
sixteen but still your answers wild now
the problem wasn't that we moved to the
right the problem is we didn't move
right enough now here let's cave
completely on the dreamers and then
maybe somehow that'll help us at the
polls know it's going to hurt you
massively and now you're making it so
there's gonna be mixed results in 2018
there's all this grassroots energy and
people despise Donald Trump in the
Republicans and then you'll come along
and somehow make it so that you're more
spies than them even some mainstream
media corporate democrat apologists were
like holy [ __ ] that's the weakest thing
I've ever seen in my life you caved
immediately that's disgusting
even people who are already inclined to
agree with the likes of Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer even they're like whoa you
guys are really really bad at this
aren't you
