big New York Times report came out this
week Clinton campaign and Democratic
Party helped pay for Russia Trump
dossier uh-oh
so they say the presidential campaign of
Hillary Clinton and the Democratic
National Committee paid for research
that was included in a dossier made
public in January that contains
salacious claims about connections
between Donald J Trump his associates
and Russia
a spokesperson for a law firm said on
Tuesday that it had hired Washington
based researchers last year to gather
damaging information about mr. Trump on
numerous subjects including possible
ties to Russia on behalf of the Clinton
campaign in the DNC the revelation which
emerged from a letter filed in court on
Tuesday is likely to fuel new partisan
attacks over federal and congressional
investigations into Russia's attempt to
disrupt last year's election and whether
any of mr. Trump's associates assisted
in the effort the president and his
allies have argued for months that the
investigations are politically motivated
they have challenged the information
contained in the dossier which was
compiled by a former British spy who had
been contracted by the Washington
research firm Fuzion GPS okay so yet
again you do understand what this means
right now this piece is in the New York
Times nobody can argue the New York
Times is more Pro Trump than Pro Hillary
of course they're more Pro Hillary
that's a given there the New York Times
and this is in the New York Times not in
the opinion section this is a piece in
The New York Times saying yes it was
discovered through court proceedings
that remember the the the PP tape
dossier cuz that's what they're
referring to here they're saying yeah by
the way the people who financed that it
was kind of a DNC and Hillary Clinton's
campaign wait wait wait what what whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on
now
guys the Clinton campaign just spent the
last couple months repeating over and
over and over and the Democratic Party
corporate Democrats just spent the last
few months saying over and over and over
Donald Trump colluded with Russia Donald
Trump colluded with Russia Donald Trump
colluded with Russia and you can't do
that in an election and then with this
report we now know that apparently the
Clinton campaign colluded with Russia
they colluded with a former British spy
to get information from Russian
officials on you know dirt on Donald
Trump now listen to me largely
irrelevant as long as the information
we're talking about is accurate as long
as it's true here's the problem and I
expressed this from day one when the PP
tape allegations came out extraordinary
claims require extraordinary evidence
there indeed is no evidence of the PP
tape sorry it's not like I'm soft on
Trump I mean I'm the guy who calls some
terrorist dawn for his repeated claims
of we have to take out their families
and by the way he did his first military
raid its president killed an
eight-year-old American girl increasing
drone strikes by 432 percent he's a
monster so I'm not soft on Trump but
there was just no evidence for the PP
tape now you ready for this how much was
paid by the DNC in the Clinton campaign
to their lawyers okay and this research
firm that did the opposition research is
part of that group with the lawyers they
paid twelve point four million dollars
to them Wow
you know I don't know about you guys but
to me it looks like twelve point four
million dollars is this is a significant
amount of money where you can pretty
much get anybody any unscrupulous person
to tell
you whatever the [ __ ] you want to hear
hey here's twelve point four million
dollars go get me some dirt on Trump oh
well there's see what happened was
somebody had told somebody who somebody
had told somebody that Donald Trump
there's a pee-pee tape and Trump likes
to watch hookers piss on the bed or
something so listen man I said it a
million times I'll say it a million more
in my mind the only thing that matters
is is the information true or not that's
why with the WikiLeaks stuff it's so
important to discuss it because its
internal DNC emails and we learned that
it's true it's true that they rigged the
primary against Bernie Sanders it's a
fact so you can't just say oh it maybe
came from Russia so let's dismiss it no
it is accurate that the DNC emails are
proven so that's why it's important to
discuss it this is an issue where they
just have presented no evidence if it's
true I'll be the first one to come out
here and say you know what I was wrong
there is evidence for it and it is true
but no when you have the DNC and you
have the Clinton campaign paying to get
dirt on Trump they pay twelve point four
million dollars and then lo and behold
they come out with a you know some
salacious information that they think
could sink the Trump campaign ain't know
what the really big giveaway is this is
the part and to be clear I think that's
leaked after the election not during the
election but the biggest giveaway is
that in the article they talk about how
internally the DNC and the Clinton
campaign they said hey nothing seems to
be working
attacking this guy it doesn't seem to be
working so whenever we bring up policy
so his hypocrisy we don't think it works
we don't think that's landing whenever
we bring up his giant character flaws
and how you know much of a loose cannon
he is that doesn't seem to be working
either he's relatively consistent in the
polls no matter what we say so how do we
tank this guy well when you when you
think you're out of options when you've
tried policy attacks you try character
attacks what's next the only thing
that's left is some sort of salacious
bombshell where you think you know it's
so beyond the pale that people will go
oh come on I can't really the P P tape
guy no can't have that so why
it's you know it's just amazing to me
because it does show you that it has
been a case of projection man and it
doesn't matter which candidate you agree
with more disagree with more putting
aside all that stuff just focusing on
this issue the Russia issue listen it's
a fact
like the uranium one deal that's been
getting a lot of press lately people are
mocking others for bringing it up
corporate Democrats are mocking people
for bringing it up you know Chris Hayes
on Twitter like we've entered the that's
the real Russia scandal face but I don't
see anybody actually rebutting it so in
other words for those who don't know we
did a long segment on this the uranium
one scandal is Hillary Clinton and Eric
Holder
were on a committee and Obama signed off
on this by the way on a deal to give
Russia control of 20% of US uranium now
as that was going on the FBI had
significant evidence that Russia was
doing bribes behind the scenes to try to
get this deal approved at the same time
the Clinton Foundation you know Bill
Clinton's going and doing a bunch of
speeches in Russia and Russia has given
a lot of money to the Clinton Foundation
so wow look at that
as Bill Clinton is getting paid off by
Russia and there's other bribery going
on behind the scenes in the US Russian
officials are doing that the committee
approves a deal to give Russia control
twenty percent of US uranium and Obama
signs off on it knowing that the FBI has
a mountain of evidence that how we got
to this place was Russia doing a lot of
bribery and there's a lot of corruption
going on
so people are mocking that as if like
you know hey it's because Democrats are
saying that Russia colluded with Trump
that now people the right is trying to
make an argument that no maybe it was
Hillary that really colluded with Russia
but again I in that story I see the
connections I see the okay that money
went to two Clinton and the Clinton
Foundation and then this committee
approved the deal where Russia gets
control of twenty percent of the uranium
in other words I see it all the way
through to fruition I see the the line
in the logic
progression in the claims against Trump
look it's not like I don't want to see
connections withdraw I just don't see it
because there's but he's done nothing
that's tangibly helped them so the idea
is oh you know Russia's on Trump's team
so a trump will of course this is the
way bribery and corruption works will do
favorable policies to Russia to help
them out ok well what would favourable
policies to Russia be well for example
one of those things would be not
attacking their close ally in Syria but
they have they bombed the the the
fighter jets in the Syrian airport
they've been constantly attacking people
on the side of the Syrian government so
that's Russia does not want that so
they're not doing what Russia wants
furthermore they increase sanctions it's
not just that we already had a
tremendous amount of sanctions on Russia
we did we had around after Crimea under
Obama then we had around after the
election under Obama then Congress
passed even more sanctions and Trump
said all right I guess I'm signing it
and he signed that and then now the
newest thing that they try to pretend
like oh he's helping Russia is that it
took an extra three weeks before they
implemented the sanctions really that's
your [ __ ] claim of how bought he is by
Russia that he delayed an even more
punitive action on them that is now
being implemented so in other words in
the case of Trump I don't see he hasn't
done anything that benefits them so I
don't I don't see how you can make the
claim that he's a puppet of them when
he's doing everything they don't want
him to do so yes I see the line in the
Hillary Clinton example I don't see the
line in the Trump example now by the way
is it possible and is it almost likely
that Trump is like laundering money for
Russian oligarchs yeah that definitely
is possible and that definitely is
likely because Trump has businesses in
12 different countries okay and it's not
like he's not corrupt of course he's
corrupt I used the example of Saudi
Arabia all the time because he
registered 12 new businesses in Saudi
Arabia during the campaign and then when
he gets elected he did a 110 billion
dollar weapons deal with them so maybe
that has something to do with the fact
that he's got close personal ties to
them yes he's in a hundred billion
dollars worth of personal debt mostly
held on Wall Street is that one of the
reasons why he's super subservient to
them and doing whatever they want yes of
course so he is corrupt and he is
corrupt with foreign governments I think
he already violated the emoluments
clause but in terms of the claim of the
Russian government him helping the
Russian government he just hasn't done
it she's sure he's helped Russian
oligarchs I'm sure that's the case
because he's helped so many rich
business people around the world and
like I said he's in business with 12
different countries help them out
another thing is they've paid exorbitant
amounts of amounts of money to his
hotels when they're here and then he
does favors for them policy wise not
Russia but other countries so yes he's
corrupt but I just don't see the line
when it comes to this specific issue of
Russia and now we know there's two
stories about Hillary Clinton and the
DNC in Russia and I see the the line all
the way through
I see the okay you guys approved the
uranium one deal and gave Russia 20% of
control of u.s. uranium I see the line
there I see the line here I see the line
of you know you wanted dirt on Russia so
you worked with the former British spy
who worked with Russian officials who
gave you information remember you guys
said hey you can't take any information
that involves foreign powers you guys
said that about Trump you guys said that
that's why there was such an outcry over
Donald Trump jr. meeting with somebody
who is Russian because you go oh you
can't take information from fart from
foreign governments and foreign people
what are you crazy that's that you can't
do that that's collusion well then by
your own definition that's good this is
collusion because this is you getting a
British spy to do opposition research to
British spy got information from Russian
officials on the so-called PP tape and
by the way you paid twelve point four
million dollars for it so again I think
they're willing to tell you whatever the
[ __ ] you want to hear so look it is a
case of projection sorry it is a case of
projection when it comes to the issue of
Russia you can cry all you want you
could say oh my god you know I disagree
with Kyle because Russia Russia Russia
but every story that's come out about
Russia on the Democratic side where
they're trying to go after
Trump and the Republicans for it they
Jun the next now it's now they've gone
all the way to the bottom and the
argument is Russia is causing us to have
arguments they're sowing discord well as
if we were so [ __ ] peaceful
beforehand like what are you kidding me
there's always been vehement rigorous
debate in the United States people don't
agree we don't agree there are
right-wingers they're left wingers of
course this is the political landscape
but now there's just Saint Bob we
wouldn't be fighting so much if it
wasn't for Russia
that's why Russia's hiring black
activists to go after Hillary Clinton
they point to YouTube channels that have
260 subscribers now they're saying
Standing Rock activists were Russian
agents are you [ __ ] kidding me
so the water protectors are Russian
agents what they're trying to do what
corporate Democrats are trying to do
kill two birds with one stone undermine
every movement to their left everybody
Sanders linked movement undermine them
while at the same time smearing the
right and trying to say hey the only
reason they're in a position of power is
because of a hostile foreign government
Russia that put them there now please
look away even though I approved a deal
where Russia got 20% of US uranium and
look away as we paid to get information
from Russia that would smear Trump
listen man I don't know how many times I
could say it all I want to do is make it
so the Democrats win again all I want to
do is make it so that we fix the country
all I want to do is make it so the
Democrats care about things that matter
Medicare for all free college living
wage ending the wars ending the drug war
new New Deal you go down the list raise
taxes on the rich that's what I'm trying
to do but when the Democrats are making
the argument Russia Russia Russia and
then it turns out information like this
comes out and it shows that they're just
doing projection and it's a hacky
argument you're making yourself look bad
I'm trying to I'm trying to stop that
and make you principled so god it's just
so pathetic
and then they'll dig their hole deeper
you know denier a tan
in the Peter dows and the [ __ ] you
know Hillary Clinton wing of the party
they'll keep digging and keep digging
and keep digging and Maxine Waters now
calling for an investigation into which
Russians were tweeting in her district
like they'll just keep digging their
hole deeper and it will make the
American people's eyes roll over in fact
I'm not gonna spoil it now but there's a
story we're getting to later in the show
poll numbers that prove my point it's
not even just that the American people
are tired of the Russia Russia Russian
nonsense Democratic voters are tired of
it so let's put it all to rest put it
all to rest and move on and focus on the
issues
