hello boys and girls welcome to our show
you saw hurricanes about to [ __ ] up
North Carolina in South Carolina I was
just thinking about that [ __ ] man it's
[ __ ] really really scary like the
scariest part about it is like with all
the storms the Puerto Rico [ __ ] they're
like just the Hurricanes that always hit
Florida the fact that like you know
there's a reporter like standing where
the shit's about to be diesel and like
you just know it's coming but like the
weather's still fine man like people are
still on the beach and you just know in
a day or however many hours it's gonna
be like straight anarchy I thought that
was crazy too how like you can see them
on the beach and at like right then and
there the sun is shining and it looks
beautiful and there's just like a few
clouds in the sky you know and it's like
yes we know as a matter of fact that
that's all about to change
and imagine if you brought that
technology back to like 1820 and you
were like yo Liz and I'm gonna tell you
right now get the [ __ ] out get out
you're about to get destroyed in two
days time to be 150 mile an hour wind
right where you're standing they'd be
like no way get the phone here they
think you're a [ __ ] lunatic they
really got it no one you can't you don't
know what's gonna happen in two days
like this is weather you know like yeah
it's kind of crazy how we could predict
all that but it look it does it looks
crazy on the on like whatever the radar
thing is it's it's [ __ ] scary
it looks strong man that thing is huge
and it looks strong and they were saying
how usually the paths that hurricanes
would take this time of year it would
start it would start coming towards like
Florida / Georgia and then it would kind
of make an abrupt turn when it's
thousands of miles out in the sea and
just kind of taper off before it even
hits land but they said because of the
the conditions now whether it's they
said something about the pressure which
I don't know enough about to really
comment on but because of the way the
pressure is right now there's nothing
preventing it from just got walloping
North Carolina and South Carolina and
just going like making landfall at like
category 4 which is goddamn devastating
yeah yeah the fact that we can talk
about this and predict what's going to
happen
like shops like board up their walls
yeah and and know that their stuffs
gonna get completely demolished like
people that have stores right on the
black coast right there it's a rap like
don't even like I saw some lady like she
had a bakery she was like oh we're gonna
put stuff up all three feet in the air
and like [ __ ] I'm sorry but your shit's
not gonna be good money after this storm
yeah like it like it depends how like
what it's like when it hits because I
remember we got hit with Sandy and they
said that technically it was a really
really big category three mm-hmm so it
was like really long but the winds were
not that we're not a four or a five but
if you get hit with the four or five
that [ __ ] is no joke not just because of
the wind and the wind is crazy but also
because of the storm surge that like if
you're talking about like a ten foot
storm surge then whole areas are just
basically destroyed everything that's
like you know whatever ten feet above
sea level or less so yeah the the radar
is a ridiculous the fact that like you
can see the whole like just outline of
the storm imagine being in like a boat
right now in the middle of the water
there while that [ __ ] is just [ __ ]
going berserk in the water like I can't
imagine that and then there was a storm
that happened recently that completely
demolished like one of those like Saint
Martins or Saint whatever and they had
like a video camera on the island and it
was like that Island got hit like the
worst it was like when the storm was at
like it was it's Michael Jordan peak of
the [ __ ] storm yeah yeah I remember
that the whole island was just
obliterated and it's it's just madness
and scary and scary and scary that like
this stuff is just happening and
happening and we're just becoming like
sort of numb to it but it's on some and
I keep saying this [ __ ] they keep
putting day-after-tomorrow on TV because
this [ __ ] is happening like newscasters
are like there's gonna be the worst
storm and evacuate and all this [ __ ]
never
just like all it's gonna be a really bad
storm and then they get like some drunk
guy from North Carolina on TV like I'm
just gonna go buy some whiskey and like
everybody's like oh that's cute
you know but this is the beginning of
the [ __ ] world ending like like
people try to deny that [ __ ] but they
did the same [ __ ] in day after tomorrow
it was crazy
[ __ ] like storm patterns that
everybody was just like oh no this just
happens but it's like this stuff doesn't
happen like to evacuate people from like
where they live and like just straight
you know like have a whole like state
have to leave and go other places it's
like that's not normal like that's scary
well the thing that concerns me so for
all the science geeks out there let's
just get this out there because it is a
fact that you can't pin any individual
weather event to climate change but what
you can do is you can look at the
patterns over time because weather is
what happens on any given day climate is
the accumulation of weather events and
the pattern over an extended period of
time and what they say is there has been
an increase in extreme weather events
and you know that that does strike me as
pretty obvious I mean I remember when I
was a kid seeing a few example I think
it was like 1992 and there was Hurricane
Andrew which [ __ ] walloped Florida
but they I don't remember there being
this many that in a short time span
that's like oh it's gonna make landfall
and it's gonna like because it just
happened in Houston right and then it
happened Maria obliterated were Toriko I
mean it just absolutely destroyed Porto
Rico diploma they're still reeling
they're not recovered dude look in 3,000
people died in here came Maria and
Puerto Rico wild so it really is insane
but but I have your point fashioned it
was God if there was like Twitter and
news and all that [ __ ] back when we were
growing up to your point maybe you know
we would have thought it was a little
worse - yeah you know glamorizes gonna
say my bad
it's all good I forget [ __ ] all the time
anyway I have a weird fascination with
like I really like watching The Weather
Channel or AccuWeather or whatever when
there's an extreme event
happening bad for those [ __ ] people
no no I feel terrible for them I feel
her end I feel really bad for them but I
have a weird like I feel like I have to
watch it when there's an extreme weather
event happening and I'm like yeah what's
going on over here
mm-hmm and then and I just can't take my
eyes off it but what's funny is I
started I started doing that before and
I'm like the [ __ ] am I doing this thing
is thing is too like over a thousand
miles out in the ocean like it's not
even close to making landfall like it's
gonna make landfall I'm like [ __ ]
Thursday night or Friday morning or some
[ __ ] mm-hmm and I'm like oh what's it
doing now which is just silly I mean
it's it's it's fascinating to follow
though because it's like the that whole
the whole storyline behind it the fact
that like we know it's coming and we
sort of just have to just watch it
happen and there's nothing we can do
about it you know so you sort of become
invested in tracking this whole storm
you know our friend Bobby he now lives
in I think it's South Carolina might be
north [ __ ] but I was like yo there's a
mandatory evacuation dude
like where are you how closer to the
coast he's like oh no I'm like five
hours from the coast I was like oh
you're good you're good if you're five
hours from the coast I mean you might
get hit but your storm surge is not a
problem when you're five hours from the
coast and also if you live on the coast
you sort of have to know when you're
buying some [ __ ] yeah this is a
possibility that's I've said that a
million times like I would never buy
some [ __ ] on the water the only kind of
body of water where I'd be like okay
maybe is a lake I would never do a
[ __ ] ocean no are you kidding me like
that thing is a mother nature any given
second can swallow your punk ass up yeah
like that then you have to respect the
[ __ ] ocean the ocean is no joke now a
pond that's fine a lake that's fine but
actually the great lakes are no joke
either the great lakes are insane they
have like a current on the lake as they
are so big it's almost like it's almost
like a mini ocean like that's how big
the great lakes are yeah that's while
the scariest site is one like before the
storm hits you could see the ocean like
the water go off oh yeah there's a
tsunami well there's a tsunami you see
the water go although have you ever seen
the movie San Andreas with the rock
rakh no I enjoy that everything that
movies dumb because it's so hyperbolic
and like yeah but it's made that's the
whole point of it it's supposed to be
over-the-top but I really like well that
main type of [ __ ] what's that it's like
the world ending yeah kind of like a
world ending type of thing it's kind of
about the big earthquake that's
eventually going to hit California with
the San Andreas Fault but it's like it
really takes it like to the next level
you know it makes it like Oh imagine if
an earthquake could hit that's not even
as possible because it's so large yeah
yeah but I really like that week I was
just reminded that when you mentioned
the tsunami thing because yeah that that
[ __ ] is crazy you see and the crazy
thing is back in the day people didn't
know so all that water would recede and
people would walk out and then what
happens with the tsunami is not what a
lot of people think it's not like you
see in the movies with a giant 50-foot
wave that comes and takes over what
happens is it's like a small you know
whatever it is five feet ten feet
whatever it is but it goes in and it
just keeps going in and so it'll go
inland so I [ __ ] miles probably and
then it kills you like we you can't have
giant rushing water what I'm saying like
it's not it's not one tall wave it's
more just like us a smaller wave that
just keeps going inland
yeah well it's like it's probably like
that pinball pull [ __ ] like you pull it
back so far and then when you let go
it's just [ __ ] yeah washes at you and
you just can't even escape that [ __ ] I
think that tsunamis are tied to
earthquakes that like whenever there's
an earthquake like they could calculate
oh [ __ ] there's an earthquake at this
fault which is however belong into the
ocean
but that's when there'll be like oh [ __ ]
tsunami warning because that can trigger
a tsunami yeah it's got to be a little
scary like living in California one with
like forest fire shits well dude there's
not there are very few places that are
actually safe safe I actually looked
this up I'm really interested in this
question like what's the safest place
from natural disasters in the US I
looked up and they said some of it is
actually upstate New York believe it or
not so like Syracuse was on the list I
think Buffalo was on the list and then a
lot of it was in Ohio
there was like Akron Ohio because it's
flat well no because the thing is so if
you go to like to Oklahoma you're in
tornado alley you go to Texas you're in
tornado alley you go to California like
you said you have wildfires in Northern
California you have earthquakes there's
loads if you're anywhere on the East
Coast
like even even where I am in New York
it's still there still you know the
chance of a hurricane from time to time
nothing like the Florida hurricanes we
can still get hurricanes yeah so
anything on the East Coast you have to
worry about hurricanes and and the South
obviously anything you know on the west
coast wildfires earthquakes anything in
the middle tornadoes so then where is it
that you can that you're most likely to
get away from all of it and there are a
few pockets so like upstate New York is
safe statistically from it Ohio it
doesn't get much and I think there was
some in Illinois um actually Chicago was
on the list - they said Chicago is one
of the scenario place yeah cuz there's
nobody gonna get there I don't think we
have Lake Michigan that can [ __ ]
Walton they give caveat on all of them
cuz no place is totally safe but they do
say that some of them like Oh flooding
is the worst that could happen here yada
yada I mean there's no place that's safe
safe you know I mean like I remember I
was looking a while back I think we
spoke about this on the podcast I was
like what place has like 70 degree
weather all the time and it just doesn't
exist that's not a thing that exists
anywhere like San Diego is pretty
[ __ ] gorgeous all year round san
Diego's a lot warmer than that I think
like it can be really pretty warm San
Francisco I think is close to that 70
degree level but I think yeah like there
it's just there's no place where it's
like cuz obviously you have different
seasons and everything - I mean who are
we kidding but that was a question I was
interested in because that I was like
damn I wish I could there was a place
that was just 65 or 70 degrees all year
round sun shining that's just not saying
it's funny when something bizarre
happens you know in like a state that
isn't expected so I've kept like family
in Atlanta and it doesn't really like
snow there I mean like it snow so it all
chaos breaks loose when there is snowing
in the south you know is there not
prepared for it they're not prepared
it's like the little tiniest bit of
sauce it all down shuts everything down
[ __ ] don't know how to drive
they forget like how to shop they forget
how to talk it's like it's so weird
because it's like I don't know how far
is New York from Atlanta I don't like
912 hours now or something like that but
it's like people if it snows in New York
it's it's nothing like like it's nothing
we've got to go to work scope Owen yep
it has been a tremendous for for things
to shut down like it has to be a super
Blizzard like conditions for it to
happen but that's the thing like we eat
like if you look at our state
governments for example obviously in New
York they have to budget a lot for like
salt for example for the roads and the
other the [ __ ] plow the streets and
everybody has like a plan laid out and
like oh when this happens I pay this guy
80 bucks and he comes and he hits it
with the [ __ ] but you know a plow and
then I got my neighbor three doors down
helps me shovel and so everything is alt
like scheduled when you get some [ __ ]
like that in Georgia people like we we
weren't [ __ ] which snows once every
[ __ ] 40 years here we're not ready
for this [ __ ] yep
actually there's written how often it is
like is it once every like five years it
snows there something like that I mean
it does snow down there but every now
and then every now and then but it's
just they're not even though York man
like I've looked this up one day I
forget what the exact number was but I
want to say it was probably like
something like eleven days on average of
the year it snows in New York mm-hmm
which is not that much cuz so if
somebody is listening to me now and they
live in Alaska those [ __ ] are
laughing at us no oh you think you know
snow [ __ ] you want to see snow
[ __ ] and they'll show you like
son it is just twelve feet of snow on a
regular basis but even rain like
California the fact that they get no
rain when it rains a little bit they're
like it's it's it's like all hell breaks
loose but it mean they're so dependent
on rain yeah the fact that someone can
just go like in the [ __ ] forest start
a fire and that [ __ ] just spreads to
like even the water like we've spoken
about before how there are signs when
you when we went to LA were there signs
that said you know you should limit
or I don't I don't think that when we
were there because they had just had
rain before we went but I think if you
live there it's a gnome thing yes like
oh you're a dick if you're sprinkling
your grass or some [ __ ] you know like
you're that [ __ ]
if like your sprinklers are on yeah it's
like why are you doing that meanwhile
here it's been raining for the past like
three or four days man it's been I
haven't seen the Sun in like four days
it's starting to drive me crazy like I
uh yeah it's been raining for the past
so we got the the remnants of a tropical
storm like that they had the golf
tournament in Pennsylvania and it got
rained out on Sunday and they had to
finish on Monday but it was raining like
crazy and then we got the remnants of
that so it was like little it was like I
feel like Sunday it was like just kind
of overcast but not raining and then
Saturday arraigned wait I'm sorry
Saturday was when it was overcast but
not raining then Sunday it rained Monday
it rained and then Tuesday it rained and
was overcast mm-hmm so it's just been
like I want to see the Sun I don't think
about how much I love it until it's gone
and then I'm like oh just give me and I
don't mind the Cape don't get me wrong I
actually kind of like the occasional
like gray day where it rains a little
bit yeah actually kind of like that but
it's got to be every now and then and
you can't hit me with it like four days
in a row cuz then I start crazy and then
i ask people like send me your picture
of the sun or whatever like and people
were sending me all these pictures from
around the world through like all these
are so beautiful like every picture
looks so gorgeous i was like oh that
looks i wish i was right there right now
each one better than the next just like
i got pictures from turkey i got
pictures from you know [ __ ]
california just it was awesome i really
like looking at those those picture i
mean sometimes it's nice to just [ __ ]
see the sun it makes you it makes you
happier i know i like have a tendency to
want to like work out more when it's
nice around like when it's dreary and
gray you don't want to do [ __ ] yeah
that's true mean and that's people in
[ __ ] seattle look at that [ __ ] all
the time
speaking of a dreary this is the
opposite of that but did you see um so I
was gonna ask you will talk about 9/11
in a second so I want to remember what
you were doing when 9/11 happened but
there was a picket there was the 9/11
memorial today and
Trump was there and there's a picture
him when he gets off I guess Air Force
One or whatever and he's walking with
Melania behind him and some Secret
Service guys and he's doing a double
like fist pump and he's like yeah like
he's doing this yes thing and it's like
what the [ __ ] everybody's like what is
he doing and then I tweeted that's when
the adderall hits because I think that
actually might be like that like that is
how somebody who's high as [ __ ] on
adderall or something would react cuz
they're not like he's not tuned into the
