so Donald Trump always talks about how
he's a self-made billionaire he brags
about it all the time and one of his
favorite things to say and he said
there's all the time on the campaign
trail is that his dad started an amount
by giving him quote a small loan of a
million dollars that's already funny at
face value because I mean come on whose
parents kid like if your parents gave
you a loan of a million dollars
first of all whoa but second of all
would you have the nerve to say is a
small loan why give me a small loan it's
just there's no there's no sense of
scale he's just like the definition of
somebody born with a silver spoon in his
mouth except in his case it's a silver
spoon a gold spoon and a platinum spoon
he's just got spoons all up in his
orifices so I mean it's already crazy
but that that was a complete lie it's a
complete lie oh I only gave you a
million dollars only it's only a small
loan of a million dollars you're gonna
hear the details of how that's [ __ ]
there was a New York Times investigation
and it turns out that the real number in
today's dollars that he got from his dad
413 million now I think in the dollars
at the time it was like somewhere
between 200 and 280 million but in today
that's equal to 413 million but I mean
the fact that matter is the guy got over
200 million dollars from his daddy and
he had the nerve to go out there has the
nerve to go out there and brag about how
he's a self-made man and then another
thing that Trump does is he always talks
about how oh my dad you know he was he
was a small fish I was I'm the real big
fish because my dad always used to tell
me son don't go building in Manhattan
because that's where the players are and
Trump ended up going to Manhattan to
build in Manhattan but he would always
downplay how successful and wealthy his
father was in an attempt to play up how
brilliant of a businessman he is but
you're about to see again
how that is utter nonsense because he
was trying to downplay his dad's wealth
on purpose there's a very clear reason
why he did it and it's not just for his
ego although I do think his ego plays a
role in it there was a very clear
criminal reason why he kept downplaying
his father's wealth so Trump's parents
and okay so you're gonna see here tax
dodging schemes that's what that's what
this all was that's how he was able to
get the wealth from his dad it was
through tax dodging schemes that
enriched him it because they're evading
taxes in a criminal fashion Trump and
his siblings so Trump's parents
transferred more than 1 billion dollars
to all of their children combined and
get this they paid about fifty two point
two million dollars in taxes so when you
transfer over a billion dollars and
you're paying fifty two point two
million dollars you are dodging the
relevant taxes that you have to pay so
given the relevant tax rates on gifts
and inheritance at the time they should
have paid five hundred and fifty million
dollars but they paid fifty two point
two million so they were supposed to pay
ten times more than what they paid okay
quote all told the Times documented 295
streams of revenue that Fred Trump
created over five decades to enrich his
son in most cases his four other
children benefited equally but over time
as Donald Trump careened from one
financial disaster to the next his
father found ways to give him
substantially more money records show
even so in 1990 according to previously
secret depositions mr. Trump tried to
have his father's will rewritten in a
way that Fred Trump alarmed and angered
feared could result in his empires being
used to bail out his sons failing
businesses that's an unbelievable fact
so there's this story that's famous that
David Cay Johnston I believe report
originally and I don't think other
mainstream outlets had like verified it
yet and said yeah it turns out that's
true but through their own investigation
they found this out as well there was a
time when Trump's casinos were just
about to go belly-up in in I think the
early 1990s and his dad in order to bail
out his son what he did is he went into
one of trumps casinos bought over three
million dollars in chips and then just
left didn't play any games nothing
bought through over three million
dollars in chips and then just left that
was the money the Trump needed in order
to make a payment so it he didn't get
absolutely obliterated and his casinos
go belly-up so his daddy ran in and
saved him but it turns out according to
the New York Times investigation and
they did extensive interviews and had
you know did endless documents including
Fred Trump's own financial statements
and tax returns and things of that
nature it turns out Trump's daddy set up
295 revenue streams for him and Trump
still thought that's not enough I have
to get control of his will so when his
dad was you know he getting dementia he
tries to gain control of his will and
then in doing that Trump wants to shaft
his siblings and give himself even more
money to try to bail out his failing
empire and remember it is a known fact
that Trump's businesses went bankrupt
six times six times so again this guy is
the definition of a pampered little prep
school prick being born with a silver
spoon in his mouth along with the
platinum spoon and a gold spoon I mean
this guy he's like the poster boy of
entitlement and privilege and he has the
nerve to go around and pretend like who
me
no I'm tremendous I'm unbelievable I'm
the best businessman that's ever been
okay now I'm gonna get to
my favorite part of this story oh man is
this gonna get you mad in 1997 for
example about a year and a half before
Fred Trump's death Donald and his
siblings gained control of most of their
father's Empire they undervalued the
properties significantly claiming they
were worth 40 1 point 4 million and
selling them off over the next 10 years
for 16 times that amount the transfer of
wealth between Fred Trump and Donald
Trump as well as his other siblings was
a lifetime affair all right let me just
pause that's actually not my favorite
part I'll get to my favorite part but
this was one of the tricks that they
used they take the property from their
dad and they drastically drastically
undervalue the properties and then they
sell them later on for 16 times the
amount now they didn't actually
appreciate that much in value again it's
a tax dodging scam where you say what do
you mean this piece of property is only
worth $100,000 not 1.5 million dollars
so I'm paying that lower you know that
lower amount in taxes because I'm under
valuing my property on purpose now we
know today for example Donald Trump
still does this with his golf courses
and some of his other properties and
this is guys I mean this is one example
of many where it's not even like oh it's
a legal tax evasion scheme this is
illegal
like he's committed fraud repeatedly
that's clear and you could you get the
sense of it when you read the entire New
York Times article you walk away and
your jaw's on the floor and you're going
what the [ __ ] and it's a clear example
of how when you're rich and connected
and you pay off politicians through
campaign contributions that are
legalized bribes you basically get away
with what I thought you want to get away
with and that's kind of what happened so
again he's the poster boy of entitlement
and in many ways - poster boy the
establishment because and you get the
sense about his dad that his dad
actually was crafty not
he's a good person he's not because
there were all the issues him and Donald
Trump with you know basically not
renting to black people on their
properties on purpose so they were you
know racially discriminating and there's
been lawsuits over that and things of
that nature that he wasn't a good guy
but he was definitely clever from a
business perspective where he worked
overtime to try to find out okay how can
we dodge our taxes and how can we like
I'm sure that he and his lawyers were
trying to find ways where they had a leg
to stand on where they would argue hey
what do you mean this is totally legal
you'd left a loophole in there and I'm
just using that loophole if you want to
if you want to stop this practice close
the loophole but there were instances of
where they go way too far under valuing
the properties on purpose and getting
away with it that's one of those
instances where no you actually are
committing a crime but there was no
punishment there was no punishment okay
now here's the best part by age three
mr. Trump was earning $200,000 a year in
today's dollars from his father's Empire
he was a millionaire by age eight by the
time he was 17 his father had given him
part ownership of a 52 unit apartment
building soon after mr. Trump graduated
from college he was receiving the
equivalent of $1,000,000 a year from his
father the money increased with the
years to more than five million dollars
annually in his 40s and 50s I'm gonna
say this again Donald Trump is a giant
fraud he painted this picture of himself
as a brilliant businessman and he tried
to equate his name with success through
you know sheer force of will and
marketing but the reality is he's one of
the most entitled people in the country
I mean he $200,000 a year by age three
millionaire by age eight he did nothing
and again his own businesses went
bankrupt six times he couldn't find a
way to make a [ __ ] casino profitable
listen if Donald Trump didn't have his
rich daddy Donald Trump would be lucky
to be a bartender
and I'm not I don't want to I hesitate
saying that because I feel like that's
unfair to bartenders bartenders
there are many brilliant bartenders who
are really intelligent people who have
that you know and they have a hard time
finding other work and they say hey [ __ ]
it all you like being a bartender or
else be a bartender but the point is
it's not like this guy if yeah if it was
actually an even playing field and we
actually lived in here's the point a
meritocracy
there's no way Donald Trump would have
won the race of life he's the best
evidence I've ever seen that we don't
live in a meritocracy guys he is a
welfare case and again that's unfair to
to people who are on real welfare I
genuinely think that's unfair to them
because this guy's just handed hundreds
of millions of dollars gets to go
bankrupt six times gets to be a joke of
a person who's really not that
intelligent but he gets to sell this
image and he did of being a success and
then he got elected president we don't
live in a meritocracy this guy had
everything handed to him from when he
was a kid and he's too selfish to
acknowledge it you know it'd be one
thing if he was humble about it and he
said you know what I'm lucky enough I
came from a wealthy family and my my
father passed on to myself and my
siblings passed on to us a decent amount
of money and I understand that that
gives me a leg up on everybody else and
so what I want to do is give everybody
equal opportunity and give everybody the
chances that I had in this wonderful
country if that was his take on it I
don't think anybody would begrudge him
you know being inherited a lot of money
I mean we'd still go after him if he
committed crimes like they did and they
committed fraud we'd still have to go
after him for that but nobody would
begrudge him on a personal level like
okay well at least he's honest about the
fact that he got some of the money and
that
now he has that privilege so he wants to
try to build a bridge for everybody
behind him to get the same shot at being
a success story but he's not like that
he's not like that at all and it's the
exact opposite like I said he always
talked about how and you're gonna have
to I remember back in the day I was
reading an article about Trump's father
and the reports were oh no Trump's
father was only worth like only by the
way hilarious to say that but in the
context of what Trump says he's worth
now it is important
four hundred million dollars his dad was
worth well now we know that's actually
not true his dad was a billionaire and
transferred a lot of that money by
committing crimes to his siblings I mean
you know to his his kids and trumpet his
siblings got away with it and the the
scams get so intricate that there's no
doubt that they knew what they were
doing I mean one of them is they opened
up this Center for this business for all
of like you know the services that they
would need for within their properties
so you know you have this thing okay we
do plumbing and we do [ __ ] we're
electricians and we you know buy the
furniture and all that and what they do
is they mark up on the books they mark
up massively the cost of of the goods so
let's say whatever a ladder or a [ __ ]
couch furniture and then what happens is
you take the difference in the massive
markup and you're just funneling that
tax-free to your pampered prick kids so
let's say the desk for argument's sake
costs $100 well you mark it down in the
books as no it's three hundred dollars
and two hundred of those dollars just
gets funneled tax-free to Silverspoon
Donny here so that I mean that's one of
the ways but again the the Times article
goes into massive detail for all the
different ways because not for all of
them because there's 295
five different revenue streams the point
is these were schemes these were tax
avoidance scams some of them may be
legal in the sense that they're going
through a legal loophole but others are
not and fraud is clearly something they
committed now I don't know the statute
of limitations may be up on stuff like
this but just keep in mind who this guy
is
and this dovetails interestingly with a
story that we covered factor in the end
of the campaign where we learned that
Trump repeatedly shaft shafted his uh
the people who actually did the work
inside his hotels people who were
electricians were plumbers were and did
work for him there was this long article
I forget who originally did it but they
went and spoke to the people like I was
Trump's electrician he shafted me
$60,000 worth and that that's a long
list of people he shafted and again
another thing is he hires oftentimes
undocumented immigrants to work on his
you know on his buildings and then he
turns around and rails against other
companies for hiring undocumented
immigrants and he acts like I'm mr. hard
line on immigration so massive hypocrisy
on top of outsourcing I mean he's got
businesses around the world too so as he
claims he's against outsourcing he does
that so listen he's a pathological liar
and he's a fraud in every sense of the
word and I think that's important and
what I'll do is I'll leave the the New
York Times article below me here you can
go through it yourself it's in the video
description box you can go through
yourself and really get all the details
of it because even my segment here
doesn't do it full justice you've got a
lot of the important information like
how much money he was making when he was
a child but there's even more in there
you should definitely check it out the
guy's a fraud and the reason why he
screams fake news is because oftentimes
all he does is scream fake news whenever
stories paint him in a negative light
that's his trick when he screams fake
news sometimes I scream fake news at the
media but I do that when they're
actually doing fake news like when they
push for the war in Iraq for example
when they were cheering on the war in
Syria or when Jake Tapper did a non fact
check fact check of Medicare for all
Trump - screams fake news for
self-preservation because oftentimes
they accurately check his ass and then
the only way he has to get out of it is
I don't know fake no something anything
that's ever bad about me ever is fake
news well the amount of detail that went
into this piece and this is true
investigative journalism and this is
something that really should be talked
about and I do think it's relevant to
the kind of man that we have in office
and to his character
