so I want to break down some of the
specific policy proposals in Donald
Trump's State of the Union address for
you let's start with corporate tax cuts
and deregulation we slashed the business
tax rate from thirty five percent all
the way down to twenty one percent so
American companies can compete and win
against anyone else anywhere in the
world in our drive to make Washington
accountable we have eliminated more
regulations in our first year than any
Administration in the history of our
country you know the Democrats have been
seized on this the media hasn't really
spoken about it but what he just said
right there is terrifying and there's
enough to say about that little sound
bite to hammer Trump in the Republicans
with and ride a wave in the next
election - giant victories so first of
all the corporate tax rate who brags
about cutting corporate taxes you know
politicians used to be smart enough to
know that if they do something like that
you got a you got to keep it on the hush
son keep it on the DL because people are
not it's not like you know a random dude
is sitting in his living room in
Kentucky like you know goddammit man I
really wish Berkshire Hathaway could
keep more of their money
nobody does that nobody says that your
political instincts have to be beyond
[ __ ] up to think like I'm gonna brag
about a corporate tax cut and regular
people are gonna go isn't that wonderful
no in fact polls show the American
people want to raise taxes on the rich
they want to raise taxes on corporations
so right now corporate profits are at a
record high right now and wages you
there hasn't been a significant increase
in wages since the 1980s
so wages are stagnant corporate profits
are through the roof the rich are doing
better than ever before but dumbass
Trump goes out there and brags like oh
yeah we cut the corporate tax rate from
35 percent to 21 percent that's not
something to brag about
that's something you hide you idiot god
there's so it's like they've been in
their insular far-right bubble they're
corporatist bubble for so long that they
don't even realize that that [ __ ]
doesn't play among the general public
now here's another scary fact
corporations used to pay 33% of the
federal tax burden I believe that's when
you go back to about the 1950s today
they pay 9% of the federal tax burden so
they used to pay 33% now they pay 9% now
that leaves a giant question out there
for us who picks up the slack who picks
up the slack in that situation well the
answer is you you pick up the slack and
that's not conjecture
that's not opinion but that's not me you
know breaking it down in some weird
equation or something no that's look at
their tax plan the Republican tax plan
raises taxes on everybody who makes
$75,000 a year or less over a 10-year
period so whatever tax breaks there are
for working people they expire now some
people say well look that's how you made
the deal I mean what were you gonna do
that's all they could possibly do no
they found a way to make the tax cuts
for corporations in the rich permanent
but whatever tax breaks there are for
the working class they're temporary
that's on purpose in fact it was a great
breakdown of the Republican bill in the
intercept where they explained in no
uncertain terms this is actually the
largest tax increase in US history
because the tax decrease is targeted for
the rich and it's trillions of dollars
of a net tax increase on working class
people so you don't Don you don't brag
about cutting taxes for corporations how
do you not know that oh my god that's so
stupid that's so stupid and then listen
it doesn't you know people they'll say
like oh the wealth is trickling down but
that's not true so first of all only 2%
of people got a bonus as a result of
these tax breaks but that's misleading
because it's not even as a result of
these tax breaks that's what they claim
they'll say oh so many people are
getting bonus
really is unbelievable it's tremendous
well actually no 98% of people did not
get a bonus and of the 2% of people
that's massively misleading to say
because for example we know that unions
have been negotiating to try to get wage
increases for a long time they were
rejected on the wage increase front but
they got a concession and you know AT&T
for example said we'll give you a bonus
so what happened is unions fought for
that behind-the-scenes tooth and nail
for an extended period of time and then
eventually when management caved they
then turn around and go oh the reason
we're doing this is because of the tax
break no it's not but that's corporate
propaganda to try to get politicians to
always fork over money to corporations
in the rich listen if you really want to
help working people you know how you
help working people give the money
directly to working people but they
don't do that they never do that Donald
Trump's not proposing a living wage bill
he's not doing that he's not proposing a
unionization bill which guaranteed would
increase wages across the board for
working people what they do is oh we
need a middleman there of course we need
a middleman so give all the money to the
rich and corporations and then maybe
they'll pass it down well 98% of the
time they did not do it that's a fact
98% of the time but they go oh that's
the s what you do is trickle-down
economics you give it to the rich and
then it'll trickle down to the bottom no
it's not trickling down the bottom
that's the point it's not doing that
over 90% of the money went directly to
stock buybacks which enriches the people
at the top of the companies if you
wanted to raise wages for working people
you just raise wages for working people
that's it but they didn't do that
they'll give it to the rich and then
maybe kind of sort of not really it'll
trickle down to working-class people so
that's the first point is who brags
about cutting the core protection I mean
you so [ __ ] disconnected and this is
why Trump's tax bill had a 33 percent
approval rating because people see
through your garbage propaganda
I mean you are out there lying by the
way about the bill to pretending like oh
this is all for the middle class in the
lower-class that's not true but people
caught on to it that's why only 33
percent of people like your bill only
the people who are the you know I will
never abandon Trump people ever they
believed in him like it's a cult or a
fundamentalist religion those are the
only people who say they like this bill
everybody else is like no this is
terrible
now the second thing is he bragged about
deregulation that might be even more
maddening than bragging about the
corporate tax cuts because we have such
a strong historical record on the
effects of this and it's ugly so for
example in the roaring 20s there was a
lot of deregulation going on a lot of
tax cuts for the rich going on in fact
it was the teens in the 20s you know
leading up to the stock market crash
1929 and then the Great Depression so
this is something we've seen throughout
history over and over and over again cut
taxes for the rich deregulate what you
have is a boom bust cycle in the economy
which means everything takes off we go
oh but yet the good times are never
gonna end this is amazing that's why
they were called the Roaring Twenties
that was like oh yeah this is awesome
and then eventually the bubble burst and
everything plummeted so we're seeing the
exact same thing right now this isn't
steady stable growth this is a bubble
growth fueled by speculation and the
results are gonna be very very damaging
so you're bragging about deregulation
disregarding what happened during the
Great Depression
disregarding what happened under Reagan
everybody acts like Reagan had a great
economic record as soon as he left
office there's the the bubble burst and
there was a giant downturn also Bill
Clinton repealing glass-steagall george
w bush putting a deregulation and
overdrive throughout the 2000s what did
we have oh my god oh my god the market
it's going so high this is so amazing
this is so incredible oh [ __ ] subprime
mortgage crisis Great Recession in 2008
we still haven't recovered from that
whatever recovery there's been the
money's gone to the rich wages have not
increased higher paying jobs were
replaced with lower paying jobs that's
another thing Trump did in this state
you know the unemployment right look at
the unemployment is so wonderful what
he's not telling you is those are higher
wage jobs went away and they were
replaced by lower wage jobs so it's so
misleading to just look at the
unemployment rate and see that's perfect
that's just as misleading
is looking at the market and going see
the markets doing well everything's
great
no the market is more of a reflection on
how the rich are doing and how
corporations are doing and again there's
gonna be there's gonna be a collapse of
the marketplace I don't know what the
catalyst is gonna be it could be any of
a number of things it could be the
totally unregulated multi
trillion-dollar derivatives market it
could be as a result of student loan
debt it could be as a result of credit
card debt it could be the housing market
again there's a million in one ways this
bubble can burst but one thing I can
guarantee you it's gonna burst so buckle
up on that front [ __ ] but to brag about
deregulation when it wasn't even that
long ago it was just ten years ago that
we had the subprime mortgage crisis in
the Great Recession and then the effects
of that lasted to this day we're still
feeling the effects of that in terms of
working people so to brag I mean one of
the things Donald Trump did and
corporate Democrats crossed over to help
him with this is the fewer remaining
provisions of dodd-frank they got rid of
him
the problem with dodd-frank was that it
was too weak not that it was too strong
but they're acting like Oh dodd-frank
it's too strong yeah just get rid of it
Joe Manchin helped with that a bunch of
corporate Democrats up with that
Republicans across the board helped with
that and it's like we have no collective
memory and you would think so Trump
mentions this Oh deregulation isn't that
wonderful no it's terrible we know the
effects of that we know the effects of
that it's like you're taking the refs
out of the game you take the refs out of
the game and it's gonna go there's gonna
be [ __ ] chaos but the Democrats had
nothing to say in response to this and
the media had nothing to say in response
to this in a world that made sense where
you had a media that did its job and an
opposition party that did its job they
wouldn't let this comment go they would
keep hammering him you're bragging about
something that's gonna lead to a giant
giant crash how on earth can you brag
about do you not remember 2008 do you
not remember what was going on I mean
there are no rules for how much
differential companies can leverage
there's no rules for derivatives so you
could do bets on top of bets on top of
side bets and puts and calls and look
goldman sachs
remember when Bernie Sanders said you're
in the campaign their business model was
fraud he said it because it's true so
one of the things they did is they sold
toxic subprime mortgage packages to
unsuspecting clients and said listen
you're gonna make a lot of money if you
invest in these these packages which by
the way were rated triple-a because they
bought the ratings agencies so they got
[ __ ] fake ratings who went to prison
over this nobody went to prison over
this they sold them to their clients
telling them they're gonna make a lot of
money then goldman sachs turned around
and bet on those same products to fail
that's called fraud that's called fraud
so it's like a car salesman sells you a
car goes this is the best car ever it's
got no airbags it's got no seat belts it
breaks down the second you leave the lot
and it explodes and you die inside there
the car salesman who sold you that car
telling you it's awesome that's what
goldman sachs is they know it's foolish
it's a piece of [ __ ] but they sold it
saying it's awesome they're criminals
that's fraud they should all be in
prison but none of them which prison not
only do they not go to prison they got a
bailout not only did they get a bailout
now you have many goldman sachs people
in the [ __ ] white house today because
of Donald Trump so these are criminals
that we're dealing with here and now
they're bragging bragging about
corporate tax cuts bragging about
deregulation goddamnit media where are
you Democrats where are you I mean I
went after CNBC in fact you know who
else did that at Jon Stewart
because CNBC leading up to the subprime
mortgage crisis in the Great Recession
they kept acting like everything's great
and there's gonna be no downturn what so
a network full of so-called financial
experts none of them saw that we were
about to head off a cliff none of them
only one guest on the show a libertarian
economist was like I think there's a
bubble it's going to burst soon
everybody else laughed him out of the
room so an Network full of so-called
financial experts none of them saw we
were in a giant bubble are you [ __ ]
kidding me I was at the time that they
were having these segments I was 19
years old and I was like we're in a
bubble they couldn't see it because
they're the corporate propaganda network
that's what they are they just invite on
the CEOs to say
tell the American people your [ __ ]
now we'll pretend like it's true
that's what CNBC is fox business same
thing so nothing but propaganda and we
had a market totally unregulated and the
effects were disastrous and now it's the
same thing and he's bragging in his
State of the Union about that guy's it's
like we've lost our mind
I feel like between going right back to
the stuff that caused the crash and the
endless war mongering that has never
stopped under any of the administrations
it's like are we are we all just gonna
sit here while we turn this world into
hell on earth is that what we're gonna
do apparently is what we're gonna do
because it's a toothless fake resistance
that the Democrats are doing and the
media is you know they're too busy
conspiracy mongering you're talking
about Russia talking about the fact that
Donald Trump said [ __ ] hole that you
know the new one is they're talking
about some [ __ ] memo and the FBI and
all it is is you know it's amazing I
noticed it today as I'm reading through
all the tweets about it it's like CNN
and MSNBC and all the domain shows Fox
News as well but from the other
perspective they cover everything like
it's a soap opera and then Devon Nunez
said this oh yeah but what about what
about James coming why are you [ __ ]
there taking it really important issues
macro issues policy substance issues and
they go sweep that under the rug and
let's just talk about the personality
angle of this and the he-said she-said
angle this and let's make it like a
[ __ ] soap opera well then you suck at
your job if you want to if you want to
act like you know you're covering a soap
opera go cover a soap opera go create a
show where you like you know talking
dead you know how they have that for the
walking dead talking soap opera go
[ __ ] talk about the soap operas after
they're on air go create a show to do
that why are you you're not serious
people these are people who are supposed
to be reporters and journalists who know
about the details of the policies and
they can educate the American people and
tell the America what's going on in
Washington
that's not happening so it's just it's
sick it's sick and you know you should
never let this guy get away with
bragging about corporate tax cuts at a
time when they already have record
profits and working people are
struggling bragging about deregulation
when we know that's gonna it just
guarantee that the next crash comes
sooner we're so far away from basic
sanity that I feel like I have no hope
