so Kyle were super super excited to have
you on Kyle kolinsky host of secular
talk you've been someone that I've been
following for years now you are one of
the best people out there cutting
through the partisan lines Kyle thanks
for coming out Media roots radio no it's
my pleasure and the feeling is mutual
I've been a fan of yours too for a long
time awesome well you have this hugely
successful YouTube channel you have a
very loyal fan base which really does
seem increasingly difficult with this
influx of information and also in just
the saturation of media content so
before we get started how did you get
started covering politics and develop
your show uh let's see
so I started secular talk in 2008 I did
it as a hobby I was 20 years old at the
time I would just upload you know a
video every now and then it was usually
you know somewhat political related or
like religion related I think one of my
first videos was actually on Glenn Beck
if I remember correctly and I think
around 2010 so two years later I started
doing a radio show on BlogTalkRadio and
after a while and I went to college got
a political science degree and then
after awhile I kind of like decided to
sync the two together in a way so I
would record a live radio show and then
later on you chopped up the radio show
into little video segments and then you
upload it on the YouTube channel and
come 2012 I believe it was I started
doing I tried to do secular talk
full-time and you know I got kind of
lucky in a sense because it took off and
I guess it was just right place right
time kind of thing and you know I was
able to make it work in the long run but
that's that's the general story I
started out start out kind of as a hobby
and then decided to kind of saturate the
market in a way when I did a full-time I
was like I'm gonna do this full
full-time I'm really gonna go balls to
the wall I'm gonna upload like as many
videos as possible and been doing that
ever since nice
we were lonely the only people Kyle I
remember I mean its he seemed like there
was a there was a rather large void like
even on places like YouTube back then
going back to like 2008 where I don't
remember very very many people putting
out the kind of commentary you were
besides maybe the Young Turks at the
time so yeah I mean you were do I mean
some extremely valuable stuff there
wasn't really anybody I mean there were
other people but I really remember I
mean you but you've been doing this for
a long time and since then there's been
a lot of other people who sort of come
into the fray but what I really
appreciate about your work is that you
you stick to your principles and I know
that sounds like maybe a low bar of some
kind but it's not because a lot of
people haven't in this area and I feel
that you have sort of stuck to your guns
and remained very progressive even as
you put an enormous amounts of fire
towards the Democrats rightfully caught
Hillary Clinton you know and other
figures in that movement where I feel
like other people have maybe gotten a
little too obsessed with that and
haven't been going after Trump but you
you do go after Trump at the same time
so I just want to say that I really
appreciate that well thank you I really
appreciate you saying that
I I mean I try I feel like it's very it
just gets very boring and stale and
hacky to just be a partisan tribalist
and it's not entertaining it's not
intelligent it's just like okay if you
really want to see partisan hacks you
could turn on Fox News you could turn on
MSNBC like you have your outlets for
partisan hackery
so for me it's more about you know
reading the news finding it you know
picking one I find interesting and then
basically having giving the facts and
then having my perspective and sticking
to it no matter where the conclusions
take me and yeah I mean sometimes it
comes across as as I don't know the
right word for it I don't want to I
don't want to suck my own dick here but
revolutionary in a way to just talk
about
you know kind of stick to your guns even
when even when you might make your own
audience upset by it so I try to do that
I try to not be a partisan hack and I
try to stick to my principles and just
kind of give everybody my you know non
interventionist Democratic Socialist
view on things yeah and in the name your
channel is secular talk and I remember
one of the first things I noticed about
that was I kind of almost mistakenly
thought you might be like a new atheist
when I first saw the title of your show
so explain how did a theism drive your
politics and what and and just the
difference between your atheism and and
correct me if I'm wrong on that I'm
assuming you're an atheist but the
difference between that and what you're
sort of your atheism and people like
Richard Dawkins and sam Harris were sort
of taking over the new atheist movement
sure so there's sort of like an
interesting backstory to this I I don't
know how old I was at the time I was
pretty young I was in my teens but I
basically started reading like I read
all of those new atheist books whether
it be you know Sam Harris the end of
faith or letter to a Christian nation or
Richard Dawkins The God Delusion or
Christopher Hitchens I read that pretty
much at the same time that I was reading
noam chomsky and when I started reading
like Noam Chomsky books and so yeah the
whole idea behind secular talk it was
almost like an attempt to kind of bring
together in atheist and secular
philosophy along with you know a
progressive leftist worldview so you're
right and in bringing up like the name
of the channel it seems like it's got
it's kind of it kind of has like a new
atheist II feel to it and you know at
the time when I launched it I kind of
considered myself like a half half a
Richard Dawkins type character and half
like a you know like a noam chomsky
character so there were definitely I was
definitely influenced by all of those
people that you just named but of course
what's interesting is that over
time you know there's been pretty much a
bigger and bigger rift within those two
communities you know what I mean and
yeah they've seems God I want to jump in
here really quickly because it seems it
is really interesting that you came from
both of those worlds because to me it
seems like the biggest problem with Sam
Harris and the arguments that he puts
forward is its to who based on science
and data and not anthropological or
scientific in a sense or not Chomsky
esque in a sense where he's looking at
the you know the context or the growth
of these cultures like how you know you
can't just look at statistics and data
alone and say this is the answer to
everything you have to look at how this
data came to be so it's just an
interesting mix that you came from both
those worlds but what do you think about
just that kind of line of thinking of
the Richard Dawkins and sam Harris where
you know Islam is the ultimate evil and
you know our our morality and and our
into it our intent is really ultimately
what matters most well that's kind of
what led me to ultimately be
significantly more in the Noam Chomsky
camp then you know the bat camp is that
they their analysis is not really
sophisticated and you know I had I
actually spoke on my channel to Sam
Harris and I remember really trying to
get to the brass tacks of what his
beliefs are when it comes to foreign
policy and I just remember basically his
only point that he kept reiterating in
different ways is that well listen if
Dick Cheney had his druthers he would
want to make Iraq like in Nebraska like
that's what he kind of kept saying over
and over and I thought like what a silly
like that's just such a ridiculous way
of viewing the world it's almost like
you can just brush aside all of the
crimes committed by US Empire and and
just kind of say well listen they I
guess he means kind of well therefore
you can't really look at us like we're
the bad guy but of course if you go to
the evidence and this is something Noam
Chomsky does better than anybody else
you find out very quickly we do what we
do around the world for natural
resources for money for power and the
idea that on any level we're concerned
about altruism or human rights or being
the world world police is honestly
laughable I mean our top allies Israel
is an apartheid state you know
Saudi Arabia is an absolute theocracy
and a dictatorship the idea that like
you can look at the way the United
States acts and think well no I mean we
kind of mean well that's just factually
wrong and you know over time I saw the
bigger rift in the eat the bigger rifts
in these two communities and you know I
mean Sam Harris you want to talk about
going off the deep end as soon as you
started being like open to the idea of a
race science like with the whole charles
murray thing if you're feuding with ezra
klein something is wrong with you that
guys like the most milquetoast
neoliberal on the planet you know what i
mean and you're he's trying to make it
seem like Ezra Klein is unreasonable
because he doesn't agree with charles
murray or he's not open to charles
Murray's ideas and the fact of the
matter is any serious intellectual or
academic it doesn't it's not that hard
to see that what charles murray is doing
you know it's like a ver it's barely
trying to mask his bigotry and his
racism with his work so the fact that
you know harris kind of lumped him into
the like oh no he's just not being
politically correct like no it's not
that something is you know factually
wrong about the stuff he's pushing and
it's not that it's a dangerous path that
he goes down it's that yeah he's just
not politically correct when he talks
about race science and when he says like
hey maybe we should totally cut the
social safety net because we can't help
those poor minority communities anyway
so yeah over time i have seen how far
off the rails you know somebody like sam
harris has gone and ultimately why I
find myself signal
Gilmore in agreement with a guy like
Noam Chomsky the thing is hilarious
because they act like it's this
forbidden knowledge that's been you know
a pushback from society because it's in
politically incorrect Matt oh it's been
debunked by scientific circles that's
why it's been pushed down and that's why
it's forbidden because it literally is a
debuff on hope science and Ezra Klein
presented that to Sam Harris in like the
kindest way you know what I mean almost
like holding his hand and walking him
down the path of life ain't a little too
hard to be like yes being very
conciliatory and very much like a man
listen I'm a fan of you like I like you
like I'm not saying like you think I'm
being overly critical erect what the
hell is that
it sounded like wind chimes I was like
what's happening yeah so Ezra Klein I
mean he was really bending over
backwards to be really nice about it to
Sam Harris and it's almost like Sam
Harris couldn't help but go to the same
thing he says over and over whenever he
is in a position like this which is like
you know he plays the victim you know oh
I'm being taken out of context I'm being
misrepresented it's like stop you're
such a whiny baby just like you know
what point am I not taking you out of
context exactly exactly I'm not sure
he's ever you know engaged in a major
disagreement with somebody and not
walked away saying I'm being taken out
of context
and you're misrepresenting me it happens
every single time and it doesn't matter
how much like when I had that talk with
Sam Harris well on my channel a long
time ago I was really trying to stress
to him like listen dude I'm not your
enemy like I've read your work I liked a
lot of it but I was giving I was
presenting genuine questions that I was
interested in his answers about foreign
policy for example and but he had this
shield up the entire time and basically
started the conversation by berating me
for even bothering to speak to somebody
like Glenn Greenwald he went he went out
of his way to say Glenn Greenwald is not
even a journalist it was he
as a Pulitzer like wow who says that I
mean what a ridiculous thing to say
that's crazy yeah that's um that that's
a really funny Kyle and I I actually
forgot that you had Sam Harris on your
show and that's sort of fascinating that
he would berate you because you would
think as someone with the name of your
show secular talk who you know knows
that you've read his books would be more
kinder or just like you know Trudeau
most convince you he was coming from but
it sound sounds like he used the most I
mean by basically saying that Oh Dick
Cheney would have turned in Iraq into
Nebraska so he meant well it's almost I
mean it's almost cartoon and it's just
saying well Thanos meant well because
the reason he wanted to kill half the
universe is to make the universe better
it's like I mean it's that it's almost
that ridiculous yeah and it's also you
know the idea of like and he does this
with stuff like torture like well
theoretically are there any possible
circumstances where maybe we should
engage in it in order to save more lives
and it's like well do you not realize
how these things are actually
empirically used forget about
theoretically look at empirically how
it's used I mean we tortured people at
Abu Ghraib we torture people at
Guantanamo Bay and when more and more
information came out and the more we
learned the more it was crystal clear
we were torturing innocent people I mean
we're talking about Bush and Cheney
cut a deal with Afghan warlords and
Pakistani warlords after 9/11 and told
them hey listen you send us people who
are jihadists because we got attacked on
9/11 and we want to get them back
basically and then guess what guys it
turns out warlords from Afghanistan and
Pakistan are not that trustworthy
because what they did is they rounded up
their political opponents and they sent
them to us so I mean most of the more
dark-skinned you know Arabs because a
lot of those people that we worked with
where we're not so like a lot of the
people ended up just you know it's like
oh they you know they look like they
look Arab or they look like jihadis oh
yeah it's because like Dick Cheney
standing there like you know going
through evidence to figure out whether
or not this is some
who we should really be holding no I
mean we didn't give these people due
process and this by the way this is just
like a clear example as to why due
process is really not debatable it's
non-negotiable you need to have due
process to make sure in any circumstance
that the government actually gets it
right you know what I mean but also the
fact that we did torture it'd be bad
enough if we tortured and we did torture
people who were terrorists cuz that's
still not okay but we did it and the
people were freaking innocent you know
so the idea that like you can
intellectualize and theorize about these
this stuff when the empirical evidence
points to the fact that we've become the
monsters that we're trying to avoid
I mean that's the thing I was never able
to get over with with the guy with a guy
like Harris it's like it's so flippant
and dismissive about when we do [ __ ]
up stuff you know what I mean and just
kind of brushing it under the rug as
well I guess we mean well and we have
good intentions and that's just a
terrible misreading of the situation
it's massively unimpaired Cole and it's
laughable yeah and also just that
everyone thinks that they everyone means
well I mean it's really really insulting
to say that you know okay to them they
are doing the right thing right I mean
every group means well and according to
their beliefs in philosophy and the way
that they grew up and and whatever their
cause is so I just find it really
bizarre this American exceptionalism and
basically Empire baby syndrome I like to
call it these people are Empire babies
they can't see outside of their own like
entitlement and also Abby I like to call
it American supremacism because that's
effectively what it is everybody uses
the term American exceptionalism and for
whatever reason that that has like a
more benign ring to it but really
another word for exceptional is supreme
so we're talking about American
supremacism and that but that basically
means I mean we're a nation that life
loves to talk about equality like oh
everybody's equal under the law but
what's hilarious is at the same time
that people talk about equality they'll
they'll believe in American
exceptionalism which is like well no
it's one or the other either you believe
everybody's equal or you believe right
America
above and better than every other nation
yeah and then to go over the Sam Harris
thing it's like you uh you're honestly
like you know you claim you're an
atheist and so these notions of like
evil and good are laughable and
cartoonish yet you by default are almost
like bull leaping in the concept of evil
because you're saying that you know your
other rising and dehumanizing these
groups of people that you're like well
they mean bad we mean good therefore we
can carry out these mass atrocities on
these other people who obviously don't
have good intentions I mean it's just
insulting yeah ha he lives he loves to
bring to bring up that intentions point
and he loves to say you know like hey
well if we don't mean bad then you can't
put us in the same moral category as
actual monsters who mean bad and my
response to that is this let's say
somebody leaves their house to go to
school or to go to work on a Monday and
they run over somebody with their car
totally by accident they didn't mean to
do it but it happened okay
now yes it is true that under the law we
have a different category for that
that's technically not murder that's a
manslaughter right but what if that same
person left their house on Tuesday and
ran over to people again what if they
left their house on Wednesday and ran
over another six people what if they
left their house on Thursday and ran
over 20 people what if they left their
house on Friday and ran over 27 more
people that is the United States Empire
right there the idea like well I mean
look we don't really mean bad but sure
we increased drone strikes by 432
percent in the last year and we've
killed thousands of civilians and you
know the list goes on and on we're
bombing 8 countries right now we have
two full-scale wars going on in Iraq and
Afghanistan and and we could talk about
this stuff all day the fact of the
matter is when that body count keeps
taking up it's not a matter of brushing
all that under the rug and going yep I
mean it's we mean well it's better to
have us is the world leader than
everybody else
it's like no have some frickin
principles you need to have a principled
stance against something like torture a
principled stance against something like
waging offensive Wars
against countries that didn't attack us
this stuff isn't that difficult but you
