so here I am minding my own damn
business on a Thursday night because I'm
an angel and I never do anything wrong
and people start tweeting me in Infowars
video it turns out they decided to
strike back
now it wasn't Alex Jones although he'd
be well within his rights to strike back
himself because I go after him probably
once a week but it was a b-level
Infowars host I had done a video
recently going after this guy because he
did a segment where he thought it was
cute and he thought his little of his
word game was clever and he went after
Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes by comparing them to ticks and he
said that we need to eradicate the blood
sucking parasites now in the video he's
only referring to ticks but you know he
happens to show a picture of Bernie
Sanders on the screen a picture of
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and he rants
against socialists and clearly is
comparing them so I went after him
because he deserved it so I'm gonna go
ahead and play this video for you here
well pause as we go along
doing this old-school style low quality
I'm just gonna turn my camera phone here
and you guys can see it and let's break
it down
victim of a vicious leftist socialist
smear and I'm here too we are 13 seconds
in you already have multiple factual
errors you're not a victim what happened
I thought that you guys were against
victim culture on the right that's what
you tell me all the time you say oh my
god is the left wingers they do the
oppression Olympics and they all think
they're victims don't be a victim you
have to change the narrative so now all
of a sudden it's cool and it's in vogue
and it's fashionable when you decide
you're the victim and also I'm not a
socialist so factually wrong
as we watch here you're gonna realize
something he didn't actually watch the
full video of me going after him but
nonetheless he proceeds to strawman me
and attack arguments I didn't make so
pretty much what you'd expect from
Infowars let's continue set the record
straight it all started about a week ago
maybe a little more when I made a
frankly hilarious and insightful video
where I was basically just reading a
story about ticks while I had images pop
up of socialists so of course I was
describing the way that ticks are blood
sucking monsters and that we need to do
everything we can to get rid of them
that they provide nothing and exists
solely to drain life wood from their
hosts all right now if you watch this
and had a fully developed brain you
understood that this was jaw-droppingly
insightful and hilarious however I had I
had a rude awakening when one day I get
on Twitter and I'm being accused of
calling for genocide I'm being told that
people are calling the FBI on me they're
calling me a murderer first of all I
have no clue of what you're saying here
is true did anybody call the FBI on you
I have no idea would you take the word
of a Infowars host without evidence I
certainly wouldn't now if there are
people who call the FBI on you I don't
agree with that if there are people that
accuse you of being a murderer I don't
agree with that either however not sure
I believe you I think you're full of
[ __ ] because your segment it wasn't
funny but that's not me saying it from
like oh my god I'm so offended and so
triggered by your segment perspective
that's me saying it from I looked at
your analysis I looked at the word game
you were playing how you were showing
pictures of politicians and comparing
them to blood sucking ticks and saying
we should quote eradicate them and I
said oh well that's a really shitty
message and if you put the shoe on the
other foot and there's some left winger
and they do a comparable video of that
where they talk about Republicans or
they even talk about the far-right they
talk about tea party
members they talk about fascists they
talk about whatever anarcho-capitalists
and they compared them to parasites and
they say we should probably eradicate
people with this ideology pretty sure
you would respond also and you would be
correct to do so because that rhetoric
is dumb that's why I called you out cuz
it's dumb not only is it dangerous
because there aren't the brightest
people in the world watching in force
it's flat-out dumb let's continue I'm
advocating why'd you say eradicate the
blood sucking ticks why eradicate and
that's not the only thing you said
either in fact I'll leave a link to that
video in the video description box in
the original video so you can see
exactly how terrible his argument is and
exactly how close it is to incitement
now I'm a free speech absolutist so
would I ban your channel give you a
strike over that video no but again
that's because I'm a free speech
absolutist but you can't pretend like
that video is not close to incitement
and oh oh did I say eradicate them and
then show pictures of Bernie Sanders now
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes and say that we
should you know eliminate and eradicate
the Socialists II know you don't get to
play that game [ __ ] you don't get to
play that game if you set it on up to it
and when you get called out respond like
an adult you don't straw a man in a
response like you're about to do right
now or play dumb like me did I make that
argument this is all a vicious smear by
a man named Kyle
kolinsky from secular talk and a little
language warning oh no socialists are
often crude creatures and he begins his
segment with a word that I won't utter
the dude was talking about eradicating
blood sucking ticks who are the people
who don't share his political ideology
but we found something that offends him
it's naughty language it's naughty
language sir you have
reached the quorum don't you know it is
immoral to make weird mean noises with
your mouth that we've determined are
unacceptable words and polite society
all of a sudden you want to you want to
be polite and pretend like you give a
[ __ ] about decorum these guys are so
full of [ __ ] man they're so full of [ __ ]
he's acting he's playing a character
which is why I probably shouldn't even
be wasting my time responding well let's
go to that clip now shall we so one of
the shittier Infowars hos decided it was
a good idea to you know do a casual
nonchalant segment advocating for
genocide this is hyperbole I wish I wish
it was my purply it's not hyperbole take
a look this is Harrison Smith for
infowars.com the topic of our story
today is an unpleasant one its parasites
bugs ticks to be precise the headline is
from Wired we have no idea how bad the
us tick problem is now ticks are are
parasites they provide nothing they
simply find a host a productive host to
leech off of and they suck their
lifeblood their energy and take it to
themselves providing the host with
nothing often leaving the host disease
and that down yeah pull it down as your
own words 100% prove my point
oh is that the picture of Bernie Sanders
on the screen is I'm talking about blood
sucking ticks or leeches and or a waste
of society and we should get rid of them
yeah yeah pull it down pull it down
because it's 100% proving him correct
clearly a joke clearly clearly clearly
I'm sure you you guys were laughing your
ass off as you watch that at least
attempting to be funny and you think at
least he's acknowledging here funding
this guy Kyle from secular talk would be
able to understand this but you have to
remind yourself that this is a guy that
still thinks socialism is a good idea so
they're wrong I don't
agree with that I've stated repeatedly I
believe in social democracy which is
very distinct from socialism and you
would know that if you were in a total
douche weasel and an idiot and
furthermore I don't give a [ __ ] if you
were trying to joke or not I'm
responding to the substance of what you
were saying if there's a comedian and
the comedian is making a joke
where there's an underlying point that
they're trying to get at and I disagree
with that underlying point I might make
a video calling that calling that person
out and saying here's why I disagree
with the point you were making joke or
not because that's what I do I'm a
commentator I break stuff down stuff
that's either interesting or weird or
scary or newsworthy and this certainly
was that you have millions and millions
of subscribers on Infowars and you're
casually talking about how we should
eradicate the blood sucking tics like
Bernie Sanders in Alexandria Ocasio
cortes so let's continue
Bellino telling what sort of nonsense
that this guy believes haha and there
are a couple things I'd like to I'd like
to talk about I'd like to respond to his
vicious and lying defamation lying
defamation these guys are the worst
snowflakes again instead of responding
like an adult and going point by pulling
or saying hey man here's our
disagreement lying defamation
I played almost your entire [ __ ] clip
and responded to it lying defamation
accurately quoting you is lying
defamation snowflakes run to your
[ __ ] safe space man Jesus I was not
calling for genocide I was talking about
ticks oh okay all right to get rid of
socialists by convincing them that
they're dumb okay oh so the thing that
you didn't do in the video is the thing
that you were trying to do in the video
when you talk about eradicating the
blood sucking ticks what you really
meant was through logical argumentation
show them that they're wrong well that's
weird if you were going
go down that road why didn't you through
logical argumentation show them that
they're wrong in your video oh you
didn't do that because that's not the
[ __ ] point of the video the point was
to compare socialist Bernie Sanders
Alexandre Ocasio Cortez who by the way
are not even actual socialists to
parasites to leeches to useless people
in society you need to be eradicated I
love see you pin them down and quote
them with their own [ __ ] words and
then they move the goal posts oh I
didn't say that what I meant to say was
I wanted to show them how dumb they are
which is why in the video I didn't show
them how dumb they are and I compared
them to parasites and did by the way
same tactic now I don't think this guy
is you know a C okay but that is the
same tactic that was used by the Nazis
again I don't think he's a Nazi I think
that would be far too harsh I think he's
just a silly person okay let me be clear
about that
but that's the exact same tactic that
was used by the Nazis go back and read
the history and look at what they said
about Jews they compared them to leeches
to parasites to fleas to you know a
vermin they this is what the literature
shows so forgive me for running a clip
where it's your own words and then
responding to it in a logical way I know
that trigger view that's all I want to
rid the world of socialists and honestly
I could just not do anything because the
pattern of the world is that if you just
leave socialists to their own devices
they all die not true right so pretty
much any country in the world that has
gone over to socialism has become a
hellhole of death and misery I don't
want that I want to see my socialist
brothers and sisters thrive and graduate
to a level of capitalism that will
ensure the continuation of life on earth
that's now know for the record this is
not what he did in that video now he's
saying that this is what he believes
okay well you should have said this then
you didn't say this then if you said
this then I wouldn't have made a [ __ ]
video responding to you so again they
just changed the conversation by the way
this is the oldest trick in the book
they always say Oh
so she named a place it's worked well
first of all none of us are actually
promoting socialism myself alexandria
Ocasio cortez bernie sanders but if you
want us to point to a place where our
philosophy works Scandinavia how many
times have I done this I did this in the
[ __ ] video that you're responding to
but you didn't watch the full thing so
you didn't hear it
so now you're gonna make an ass of
yourself straw Manning me and then
knocking down the straw man I'm coming
from it's a place of love but I did want
to bring up this very interesting story
while we're talking about this this is
from Yale smart guys over there even
four-year-olds dislike freeloaders says
children as young as age for to express
dislike of and are willing to punish
those who freeload off the work of other
group members a new new Yale University
study has found so you see what he's
doing here now he's Oh Kyle you're so
stupid even four-year-olds dislike
freeloaders now obviously your ideology
involves freeloading no it doesn't it's
called the Commons it's called every
single developed society every single
first world civilization on this planet
has some level of government is it
freeloading when we build roads is it
freeloading when we have cops
is it freeloading when we have a the
fire department is it freeloading when
we have a military is it freeloading
when we have public infrastructure are
all these things freeloading is grandma
freeloading when she's on Medicaid or
Medicare is that what's happening is
Social Security freeloading now my
answer all those questions is no because
in a rational society what you do is you
say it's not the question isn't whether
we should or shouldn't have government
the question is how much government
where where's the line how much in taxes
should we pay what services should be
given and a reasonable Society take
certain things and move them to the side
and says these are taken care of you
know health care is a perfect example is
something that should be taken care of
education to a certain extent already is
taken care of not higher education
that's one of the things we're fighting
for is to make it the same as it would
be for
public high school for example for
college so that's not freeloading that's
not freeloading in fact it's almost like
you're begging to be a sucker cuz we
already pay taxes well you want to do is
pay your taxes to the government and
then say ok take my money and go away
like you're appeasing them like they're
the Mafia or something whereas my
philosophy is if I want to pay taxes and
again in every developed society they
pay taxes I want something for that
money
I want education I want health care I
want a new New Deal in an infrastructure
bill I want to change our infrastructure
from a grade of D Plus which is what we
get right now according to the Society
of Civil Engineers and make it an A so
you think you're arguing for a
reasonable position actually you're
arguing for a really dumb position
because you're you're defining basic
government action and the bare minimum
bare necessities you're defining that as
freeloading
which again is stupid because under your
society you pay taxes and then you just
say ok government take my money and go
away whereas I believe when you pay
taxes you should [ __ ] get something
for it but here we go more of the straw
man he thinks that we believe in
freeloading and he thinks that oh you
got me or even four-year-olds dislike
freeloaders so you get a Kyl that means
you're dumber than a four-year-old god
man you work at Alex Jones Infowars you
have an opportunity to be the least
shitty host there wouldn't be that hard
to be the lish least shitty host there
but somehow you are which is surprising
because the questions often been asked
is this a learned ideology is this a
learned
fact that you you should treat others
you should you should work for what
you're given and that others should work
for what they're given well it turns out
that no it's something intrinsic within
us that says that socialism is stupid it
turns out that even four-year-olds with
their underdeveloped frontal lobe with
their extreme lack of experience in the
real world even these
the most unintelligent you could say
among us the youngest the least
developed even they recognized that
socialism does not work and is not good
and should not be allowed to continue so
it's surprising to me that we have so
many people people that if I'm being
honest I've actually watched secular
talk before I have liked some of his
segments the guy's not partisan he's not
afraid to go after Democrats or
Republicans or anybody
I've watched videos of his and liked
them so it was such a surprise to me to
see that that I accurately called out
your bitch-ass video that sucked
terribly shouldn't be a surprise to you
if I'm not afraid to call everybody out
I'm definitely not afraid to call your
ass out and okay you want to play nice
let's play nice there was a time when
Alex Jones used to talk about the
Patriot Act and talk about how terrible
that was he talked about NSA spying talk
about how terrible that was he used to
talk about Wars and talk about how these
are wars of aggression that we shouldn't
be involved in and we should get out of
them now those were the good old days
weren't that when Alex Jones made sense
forty-two percent of the time those days
are long gone now he talks about [ __ ]
demons more than he talks about the
Patriot Act isn't that embarrassing you
work for a guy who thinks demons are
real and he talks about it almost on a
daily basis I know because I've covered
the stories damn man
why did you do this why did you respond
you know you shouldn't have done this
she would not only pretend not to
understand that I was joking present my
video I don't care if you were joking
joking or not I'm responding to the
underlying point dumbass I'm sorry I
forgot I can't curse because this is
something that triggers this guy and
naturally he'll use the fact that I use
a naughty language to dismiss all of the
accurate things I'm saying serious tell
all of his fans this guy at Infowars is
calling for genocide who were he made a
bad joke that could be construed as no
no he said this Infowars host is calling
for genocide cuz you did you want to
eradicate the blood sucking ticks that's
what you want to do you want to
eliminate the leeches that's what you
want to do
me saying it that's what you said it's
in your video as you show pictures of
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and Bernie
Sanders son listen listen I know
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez I know her she
was one of the first justice Democrats
this is somebody I know so when you
casually show pictures of her on the
screen as you talk about eradicating the
blood sucking ticks yeah I'm gonna
respond and it shouldn't just be me
responding that's something that should
be highlighted by more than just me
because there's millions of subscribers
on Alex Jones channel that's where this
was posted and you think that's not
reckless you think that doesn't deserve
a response joke or not again I'm not I'm
not triggered by it I'm not calling for
you know your channel to be taken down
over it but I'm gonna check your ass and
if there's anything that's missing over
