Tucker Carlson did a segment going after
the left here I want to watch it with
everyone and then grade his commentary
good evening and welcome to Tucker
Carlson tonight midterm elections are
just months away and no matter what you
hear the truth is Democrats do have a
strong chance of taking over the House
of Representatives of history is any
guide what does that mean well the short
term it means that Nancy Pelosi will get
unfettered subpoena power Maxine Waters
is likely to be chairman of the
Financial Services Committee it will be
a big deal but more broadly it means an
ascendant Democratic Party and not the
party you grew up with but a new and far
more radical and far more intolerant
version of that party how radical well
last night we showed you the violence
tonight we have exclusive new material
the product of our reporting just two
weeks ago progressive activists held the
convention in New Orleans called
Netroots nation happens every year
virtually every major Democrat running
for president went by the fast evolving
standards of the Left Netroots nation is
a mainstream gathering it's not a fringe
event well this show sent an
investigative team to Netroots nation to
find out what the Democratic Party is
becoming the very first thing we noticed
is that socialism long discredited by
nearly a century of murder and suffering
is really and moving toward the center
of democratic politics what I see is not
a time for moderation it's a time for
progressives to double down on what we
believe in the establishment is
terrified of that word socialism but if
we learned one thing from the Obama
years if the Republicans are going to
call us socialists no matter what we do
so we might as well give them the real
thing
[Applause]
might as well give them real socialism
the crowd cheers just 10 years ago
Democrats nodded to the idea of border
security they said they were for it now
the very idea of immigration enforcement
of any kind of borders themselves is
considered repugnant on the left I
happen to believe that an agency that
has repeatedly systematically and
violent and violently committed human
rights abuses cannot be reformed just
imagine no wall no wall in southern
Arizona disagree with that think open
borders are a bad idea you're not simply
wrong in the eyes of the new left you're
immoral the Republicans will continue to
practice the politics of division they
will keep right on attacking anyone who
dares to stand up to the rich and the
powerful do you need to wait for robert
muller to tell you trump is wildly
corrupt we must defeat a republican
party which has sold its soul to a
republican a republican president
without one president has no soul
republicans are in the pocket of the
rich says the hedge fund private equity
party the president of course denounced
as a racist while actual race baiters
like Maxine Waters who once encouraged
race riot were lauded as heroes
President Trump and do your race bathing
and make your racial statements whether
it's LeBron James or Maxine Waters or
anybody else that a plan anymore
President Trump well ironically for a
gathering they said was designed to
empower the marginalized voters of color
as they say attendees at this event
tended to skew much older paler and more
affluent well a group of aggressive
activists noticed this and a group of
them stormed the stage during Saturday's
keynote speeches they demanded more
black representation and they promised
to drink the crowds quote white tears
that white fragility is sowing
those white tears are sewing but guess
what I'm ready to drink them because we
are going to be on the board you're
going to let us on the board and you're
going to fight for us to be on the board
of networks ready to drink white tier so
on an effort to atone for their skin
color organizers did what they could to
attack white America among the books
distributing the event was one called
brown is the new white how demographic
revolution has created a new American
majority one poster we found said that
one of the quote challenges for American
democracy is that white voters are able
to vote and elect officials in any other
venue that would of course be described
as racism but it was normal ad net roots
and then there were the bizarre portions
of the program and there were a lot of
those one well-attended panel dealt with
a matter of quote menstrual equity this
is the latest frontier in the civil
rights movement in case you've been on
vacation one elected Democrat from
Virginia we spoke to said mail access to
tampons is a vital and important
emerging issue we're not sure how many
men who are menstruating based on that
transgender surgeries or other ways that
they're transforming we're not sure how
many men are menstruating happily the
Democratic Party is trying to find out
even as you sleep it went on like this
this is what the Democratic Party is
running on in 2018 the end of free
enterprise vicious attacks on a huge
portion of the American population
solely because of their skin color
tampons in men's bathrooms this is a
movement that seeks to end borders and
create a world where there are only two
kinds of people the 320 million American
citizens who live here you and me and
the 7 billion US citizens who haven't
gotten around to moving here yet but if
every right to move here when they feel
like it that would be the rest of the
world I want to break this down because
it really was a masterclass in straw
Manning in an effective way that's going
to 100% feed the audience exactly what
they're looking for so let's break this
down from the top so he starts with Oh
what's gonna happen in the midterm
elections in 2018 well the left can win
Democrats can win
and their whole thing is now socialism
so socialism is reemerging now notice he
does in a masterful conflation there
because he goes from oh the democrats
are running on socialism which by the
way LOL along with me
unfortunately the establishment wing of
the democratic party is still the
predominant wing and their neoliberal
corporatist war mongers now the left
flank of the party certainly they're not
actual socialists they're social
democrats but okay we'll get back to
that later
because what tucker does is this he goes
oh socialism is taking over the
democratic party and it's not like we
haven't had experiments where that's
failed every time it's been implemented
and it's led to countless deaths so look
at the amazing sorry i had a bug on me
think of the look at the amazing
inflation that he just did right there
it's oh the modern-day democratic party
is equal to some of the worst communist
dictatorships throughout history and
he's a little more subtle with it
because i think he's he's smart enough
to realize that if he actually comes out
and says it that everybody will mock him
and say it's stupid so he plays more
subtle with it there are other hosts on
fox who are not as intelligent as tucker
so they don't know how to be how to take
off the rough edges and they'll just
come out and say like all the democrats
are like Josef Stalin or Mao that's who
they're like and you know that's where
everybody can mock and laugh that one
and and you're only preaching to the
furthest fringe of your choir if you
come out and say it but he's smarter and
he couches it so that he had gives
himself deniability so that once he's
called out and he's out I didn't say
that
so but that's that's the implication
there oh the Democrats are running on
socialism and look at what happen it's
been a failure throughout history in the
led to countless deaths so what he's
trying to do is is basically make the
argument that these Democrats
if they win they're gonna they'll be
authoritarian because that was the
operative factor that
was the the downfall of all of those you
know communist attempts is that they
were effectively authoritarian so when
your authoritarian you take away all
social freedoms and you try to maintain
absolute totalitarian control and that's
the problem the problem isn't that like
oh we gave people equal opportunity the
problem is that they're effectively
authoritarian systems so he does a great
an amazing conflation they're like all
the Democrats are gonna run on socialism
and oh it's always been a failure
throughout history so why would we want
to try this again
so that's the trick number one and it's
impressive then he goes on to just the
flat-out straw man of his opponents
where he says ah this this new movement
on the Left totally wants to abolish
borders now what is he referring to I'm
sure if I bring this up to him this is
exactly what he'd do he'd say oh but
look at that Democratic Socialist tweet
from New York City DSA that mentioned
that they want to abolish borders Tucker
do a poll of people on the left do a
poll of people in the Democratic Party
and outside of the Democratic Party on
the Left the percentage of people who
are actually four totally opening the
borders I submit to you is absolutely
marginal and here's how many people are
running on that which is Tucker central
claim that ah they're all they're all
running on that policy here's how many
you're running on that zero certainly
nobody I've seen now maybe I'm wrong and
maybe you guys could point me to one or
two people perhaps they exist I don't
know but it is certainly not uh you know
a main policy point of the insurgent
left you want to know how I know I
founded one of the one of the most
important insurgent left groups justice
Democrats that is not in our platform
okay so what does he played a buttresses
point he shows Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
attacking ice but you're conflating
abolishing ice with abolishing borders
Alexander he didn't say that and
Alexandria doesn't believe that she
didn't say abolish Customs and Border
Protection Customs and Border Protection
already protects the border ice was
created in 2003 so you're not you are
strong
that's what you're doing I don't know if
he's doing it and he knows he's doing it
or I don't know if he just doesn't know
and he thinks like no she she really is
for abolishing borders but then the
other point he makes which leads me to
think he's being disingenuous because
the evidence he cites for oh they're
running on no borders the evidence he
cites for that Ocasio Cortez who didn't
say that and then there was another guy
there who says oh imagine no wall to say
I'm not in favor of a wall does not mean
I want zero borders so again it's a
straw man now here's why that's
brilliant because people who are
listening to him who already agree with
him and people who might not totally
agree with him but they might watch a
show if you every now and then they
could walk away from that that portion
going oh [ __ ]
they really are running on abolishing
borders now again not true not true
Alexander Ocasio Cortez had abolished
ice not abolish customs and border
protection ice was created in 2003 their
allegations that they're doing a literal
slavery and that's going through the
court proceedings right now and the 10th
Circuit Court of Appeals says that has
merit it looks like they're doing forced
labor slavery at in a private prison
camp that ice is running seems kind of
important doesn't it but no he pretends
like the argument was abolished borders
not no wall and abolished ice totally
misleading but if you're somebody who's
on the bubble and you watch this you're
gonna go damn maybe Tucker's right these
guys are crazy then he plays a video of
them going after the rich and it's
saying oh we're against corruption and
Trump is corrupt ok well that just helps
people on the Left because that's gonna
be a portion of what you're attacking
we're even the people on the left even
people on the right will go yeah I kind
of agree with that one yeah
Wall Street did kind of [ __ ] us and they
did give out bonuses when they weren't
deserved and the rich do get away with
hiding their [ __ ] you know using tax
havens overseas and getting away with it
and paying the capital gains rate which
is lower than the income tax rate so
people though say yeah no that was
correct they're corrupt but what does
Tucker do we flip sin he goes oh no
they're the party of a hedge fund
managers dude right now Donald Trump is
trying to get rid of the consumer
Financial Protection Bureau which
protects defrauded Americans he put
somebody in charge of it who's against
it who's a puppet of the payday loan
industry okay he's trying he's
obliterated glass-steagall through
various deregulatory executive orders or
I'm sorry dodd-frank glass-steagall has
already not been implemented um he's
doing deregulation he's cutting taxes
for the rich the idea that like oh it's
the Democrats who are really the party
of Wall Street and hedge fund managers
while the Republicans are not know the
reality is Tucker Republicans are
definitely the party of Wall Street
hedge fund managers and Democrats are
too but to a slightly lesser extent now
I'm not giving the Democrats to pass on
their on how beholden they are to Wall
Street because that's not acceptable but
which side has an insurgent movement
that says we're not taking any corporate
PAC money or any big donor money oh
that's right is the left and in fact
it's the same people that Tucker
slamming because Netroots nation is
supposed to be gathering of the actual
left not just establishment people so I
mean think about that the one side that
has an insurgent movement that says no
Wall Street money no corporate PAC money
we're gonna represent the people that's
the side that he's claiming oh you guys
are the party of hedge funds again
totally misleading totally wrong but if
you're watching this and you already
agree with him or you're just lean in
his direction you might walk away from
that calling damn I guess Tucker's right
then and this is the cherry on top and
this is the brilliant part in my opinion
and this is why I think he's
significantly better than Hannity in
terms of getting an audience like
Kennedy is only gonna get the die-hard
people who don't think who are like oh I
don't care the Hannity's a hypocrite I
don't care when that these Republicans
are hypocrites I will overlook that
because I'm simply playing for a team I
think Tucker is a lot more knew Austin
how he massages these points and it's
not as obvious that he's a bullshitter
even though he is a bullshitter he gets
to the part about racial politics and he
plays the person who stormed the stage
and Massaro I'm gonna drink your white
tears now hold on
they storm the stage so that would be by
definition they are Outsiders from the
event they weren't there they storm the
stage so how you're painting this
gathering as ah the crazy fringe when it
appears like this crazy fringe that
you're maligning storm the stage to get
on that doesn't make much sense to me
Tucker yeah I agree with you that guy
was goofy talking about drinking white
tears perhaps that's why he wasn't
initially invited now he goes from that
to the worst example of the silliness uh
that that we need to genuinely deal with
if we're on the Left uh some guy who's
like oh we need menstrual equity and
male access to tampons is very important
so in other words trans people who
transition to female who are
menstruating but how would the
administrator if they transition to
female I don't know exactly what's going
on in that guy's mind it's ridiculous
but that's the point is so what happened
there I my guess is Tucker's crew
searched for the most fringe wacky kooky
example to put front and center and say
oh this is what the left is and that's
what he goes on to say this is what
they're running on in 2018 he plays the
clip of the dude talking about male
menstruation and then he goes
immediately to this is what they're
running on in 2018 with that framing
nobody's gonna disagree everybody's
gonna go oh obviously yeah they're we're
against that cuz that guy's silly me
speaking to somebody on the left I look
at that guy I go he's silly so that was
a brilliant move where you take the most
radical fringe example of somebody on
the left and then you say you you imply
this is the entire movement and this is
what they're running on in 2018 and then
you go uh see that's why you got a vote
with the Republicans and go right wing
because look at this male menstruation
crazy people over here now it's easy you
want to go to a right-wing conference
and find the people who say that you
know Obama is a Kenyan Muslim
marxists you can find that you want to
go to a right-wing conference and find
the people who've gone full conspiracy
to the point where they say lizard
people run the world you can find that
if I did a segment where I played that
and then I said quote this is what
they're running on in 2018 that would be
disingenuous now I would attack those
people but I would attack them on their
own merits and I would say hey you guys
are an issue I wouldn't say this is what
they're running on 20 teen because
that's not true as much as I despise the
Republican candidates they're not
running on lizard people run the world
so here's here's the the heart of that
trick the crux of that trick he didn't
grapple with any of the real points
being made by this insurgent left-wing
movement what are the real points that
were making well the most important one
is like I said taking no corporate PAC
money no Wall Street money no
billionaire money and running candidates
on small dollar donations that's the
most important thing remember he said oh
these people is the party of hedge funds
we have a movement to run candidates
taking know big donor money you guys
don't on the right we do okay so you're
not grappling with that that we're an
anti-corruption there's a giant
anti-corruption movement now surging on
the left you're not grappling with that
you're not grappling with any of our top
policy platforms that were actually
pushing for Medicare for all free
college living wage and the wars new New
Deal legalized marijuana and the drug
war now to the extent he does address it
what does he do socialism just take it
put it in a basket push it off to the
side that's it that's socialism so
there's no acknowledgment that actually
no we're not talking about the social
ownership of the means of production
that's actual socialism we're talking
about social democracy within a
capitalist framework having bare
minimums met that's what every other
developed country has that's what the
Nordic model does so brilliantly so he
doesn't even grapple with what we're
really saying what the movement is
really about and in his segment going
after the left for the midterms he
doesn't even mention Medicare for all
free college living wage and the wars
new New Deal legalized marijuana
tax Wall Street he brings up none of our
most important issues these are the
issues by the way that it is universal
among the candidates on the left that
