boy oh boy do I have an interesting
story for all of you this got a lot of
press recently people were talking about
this non-stop so Sarah Huckabee Sanders
the press secretary tweeted this the
other day
last night I was told by the owner of
red hen in Lexington Virginia to leave
because I work for president Trump and I
politely left her actions say far more
about her than about me I always do my
best to treat people including those I
disagree with respectfully and will
continue to do so you know it's funny
that like as she's somewhat daxing this
restaurant in the tweet she's like I'm
trying to be respectful and then of
course you know this restaurant received
death threats and things of that nature
and they got yelp bombed where everybody
was like boo was restaurant ever boo boo
so when this story broke I was I took a
step back and I wanted to look at like
all the discourse that unfolded around
it and you know the general take of
people that I follow on Twitter versus
what the mainstream media was saying
versus whatever consensus might be out
there on it and I I have to say I was
looking for an argument that somebody
would make that I would be like that's
the one that's the one that swayed me in
one direction or another because usually
when you know we talk about any
political issue
I try to evaluate everything and then
you know come to my own conclusion but
oftentimes you'll have like in aha
moment with a certain argument that just
jives well with you know what you're
thinking is but I wasn't able to find
any of those arguments on this story in
fact the more I read people's takes the
more pissed off I got because it seemed
to me like everybody was being really
reflexive and dismissing dismissive and
annoying so the left wing position the
predominant left wing position seems to
be yeah [ __ ] who cares
let the restaurant do whatever they want
to do and aren't these conservative
hypocrites because they're in favor of
allowing restaurants to discriminate
against gays but now when a restaurant
owner wants to discriminate against
Sarah Huckabee Sanders all the sudden
discrimination is bad
that's the left-wing take the right-wing
take and you know ben shapiro tweeted
about this and many others have pointed
it out they say isn't it funny how you
know the left argues for against
discrimination when it comes to gay
people when it comes to race but then
all of a sudden when there's you know
discrimination against sarah Huckabee
Sanders discrimination against
conservatives now all of a sudden
they're in favor of discrimination so
it's interesting because you have both
sides pointing out the hypocrisy of the
other side while at the same time being
an equal and opposite hypocrite in some
respects now here's the thing is you
know discriminating against gays
analogous to discriminating against
Sarah Huckabee Sanders or conservatives
or what-have-you
well legally speaking the answer is no
because the LGBTQ community or you know
somebody race or gender those things are
protected classes under law which means
you know there's been a record a history
of discrimination against those people
so there's their protected class because
they're usually discriminating against
them any instances so it's like okay
these people are protected where you
can't specifically deny service to these
people and the idea is these are
arbitrary characteristics that are out
of somebody's control so you can't just
like say I'm not going to serve you
because of something you have zero
control over whatsoever and you know the
argument is with political affiliation
that's not the case you do have control
over that and it is true political
affiliation is not a protected class and
you do have you know you can logically
change your mind on various political
issues so you have a choice in working
for president Truong being far-right
partaking in the lies that you do on a
daily basis so it's not the same
thing now I think that's true but at the
same time I also think there's a little
bit of a slippery slope here because I
try to imagine the situation reversed
every time I see one of these things and
the first thing that came to my mind was
okay look they're discriminating against
her because she's in the Trump
administration and she's a liar they're
correct that she's a liar they're
correct that the Trump administration is
doing hideous things however when you
really get down to the to the brass
tacks on this the reality is yeah they
are kind of saying you're a far-right
conservative you're a prominent
conservative that's why we're
discriminating against you
okay well flip that let's say there's a
DSA meeting in Mississippi and they go
to a restaurant and they're all wearing
their DSA shirts and the owners of
far-right Republican of the restaurant
and he says we don't serve your kind
here I don't know if I'm cool with that
are you guys cool and I again listen I
have a genuinely mixed take on this so
I'm asking these questions in all
sincerity I'm not like trying to do any
like Oh gotcha I'm presenting these
things as like genuine roadblocks in my
own mind because I can imagine
situations on both extremes of the
political spectrum where I pause and I
go well on this instance I lead more in
this direction on this instance I lean
more in that direction so you know I
think we've covered stories before of in
the deep south some business is saying
like we don't serve liberals or we don't
serve Democrats and if I'm not mistaken
my reaction in those stories was like
that's [ __ ] you should serve them
and the argument that's implied there is
political affiliation is it should be a
protected class at least to an extent
but then okay let's look at it in the
other extreme forget Sarah Huckabee
Sanders and I think the reason why this
one is questionable in my mind is
because it's almost like layers removed
from the worst atrocities like okay she
works for the Trump administration their
commanding many atrocities that's a
given but she's just a lawyer for them
so but let's take it to the extreme
Dick Cheney goes to a restaurant gets
kicked out because he's Dick Cheney and
he's a war criminal and he has blood on
his hands
when I hear that one I lean towards ya
fuck'em you should be able to be kicked
out he's a [ __ ] war criminal what I'm
supposed to cry because this guy can't
get his hands on a chicken pot pie
meanwhile [ __ ] over 200,000 innocent
civilians are dead directly because of
his actions give me a [ __ ] break and
also I think there is something to be
said it is possible that this kind of
tactic of like shaming in public
actually leads to to some extent the
reformation of these hideous policies if
every Trump official or forget Trump if
any administration official of any
monstrous administration was shamed in
public every time they went out in
public specifically because of the
actions they were taking well yeah that
does provide a massive incentive to not
do those terrible things don't break up
the families at the border don't do the
drone strikes that kill thousands of
innocent civilians don't do torture so
on and so forth so it's possible
theoretically that it actually does
provide a disincentive and it stops them
from acting in these terrible ways but
at the same time it's also that the
opposite is possible that and I've
noticed this recently now instead of the
conversation being about the horrific
atrocities of the Trump administration
which it was before when they were
talking about what's happening at the
border with the child separations and
with all that stuff now all of a sudden
the conversation switched to is it a
good thing or a bad thing that Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was rejected from the
restaurant and so now that's the
discussion and the spotlight was taken
off of oh my god look at these terrible
policies and now it's you know a back
and forth on civility if you will and so
again another aspect of the argument is
people and this remember I said how
everybody's arguments about this annoy
me the argument from like the mainstream
media is like of course she shouldn't be
kicked out of the restaurant because
whatever happened to civility and
decorum again I don't know what I
believe on this but I certainly if I
lean in favor of hey don't
kick her out it's certainly not because
of civility and decorum I don't give a
[ __ ] about civility and decorum in fact
in US politics we could use a hell of a
lot less civility and less decorum I
wish people would stand up and fight
against the worst atrocities of our
government and war crimes of our
government and if people stood up and
fought back if the Democrats elected
Democrats drop the civility and decorum
[ __ ] and they said hey you're a war
criminal you're a torturer Jena Haspel
should be in [ __ ] prison you know
they never bring up civility or decorum
in the context of Democratic
administrations and Republican
administrations drone striking innocent
civilians killing Americans with drones
without a [ __ ] trial keeping open CIA
black sites and torturing spying on
everybody in the [ __ ] country with
the NSA they never say whatever happened
to civility and not spying on your
fellow neighbor it's always in the
context of these petty like
disagreements that they bring it up so
to the extent that I might lean in favor
of don't kick her out it's certainly not
because of civility and decorum it's
more it would be more because of the
precedent it sets because the reality is
once you open the door to discriminating
based on political affiliation then it
is gonna be flipped back on the left now
let me be clear I'm not saying those
things are I'm not saying like DSA or
you know whatever far lefties are
substantively the equivalent of the
far-right that's not what I'm arguing at
all because obviously I think one side
is correct and the other side is just
frothing at the mouth mad and terrible
but it doesn't have to be substantively
the same thing for that to be the
dynamic at play here in other words it's
categorically the same thing so if you
say I'm okay with allowing
discrimination over political
affiliation what you're saying is I'm
okay with it happening to my side
whether or not you know that's what
you're admitting to because you don't
get to agree to the rules of the game
and then change them when they're
inconvenient so if you say I'm
okay with the discrimination for
political affiliation against the right
it's gonna happen against the left and
then you have no leg to stand on to try
to argue against it because then you
can't make a principled argument of like
oh you can do this this is out of bounds
you can't you know discriminate based on
political affiliation so I I genuinely
don't know what to believe about this I
think when I think of this dynamic being
flipped I'm uncomfortable with it you
know so we know the protected classes of
the protected classes and there
obviously should be anti-discrimination
protections for them okay that I know I
believe in terms of political
affiliation a mix as to whether or not
there should be you know protected
status for them because I'm afraid of
how it can and will be flip back on the
left and it already has been again I
think I remember covering stories where
in the deep south they say we don't
serve Democrats or we don't serve
liberals and I'm pretty sure my
commentary at the time was that's [ __ ]
up now I get it that in this instance
they say no it's not because she's a
conservative it's because she works for
the Trump administration and all hmm
but then I don't know every Trump
administration official is equally as
guilty as the worst members of the Trump
administration and it should be allowed
to just kick them out if you want you
know and then again when you get down to
the core of it really what it comes down
to is their ideology and I agree their
ideology is hideous and odious but
should should it be totally cool kick
out of a restaurant every racist okay
and then then race it racism aside
forget racist far-right person okay for
put far-right person aside
run-of-the-mill conservative Trump voter
you know because that's this that's the
the slippery slope and I don't know if
I'm cool with it but again at the same
time there's a chance it works in that
it like disincentivizes people in power
like if Henry Kissinger addiction II was
kicked out of a restaurant I don't know
if I if I could be against the rest
I would find it really hard to try to
disagree with the restaurant because
they're [ __ ] war criminals and they
have dead dead bodies on their hands
they're directly responsible for it
I guess Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a
little removed from the worst atrocities
and she's just the liar of the
administration which is a different
thing than actually having blood on your
hands so I don't know I don't know I
don't know what my take on it is
I pulled the I pulled my followers on
Twitter and it was 662 percent of you
said yeah it's okay to kick her out okay
but then again of what I would say to
those people is well now it's it's
you're okay with discriminating based on
political affiliation so now it's gonna
happen to the left and then I don't know
what counter-argument you can have when
that happens because you can't say when
it happens to the left I'm against
discriminating over political
affiliation because you're not you were
in favor of it for the right so it's
gonna happen to the left what are you
gonna say then I know you can say oh no
but the left stands for good things and
the right stands for bad things yeah I
agree with that but that doesn't change
the fact that it's categorically the
same thing to discriminate against on
the basis of political affiliation so I
mean I get I see where my audience is
coming from but I just don't know if I
agree with that cuz I feel like that's a
slippery slope and it's not a good idea
but at the same time it might actually
work to disincentivize some of these
atrocities so I don't know but listen I
just want to be crystal clear about one
thing I don't
I do think Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a
monster I do think the Trump
administration is hideous and I do think
that I do think what's at the heart of
what went down here is understandable
and reasonable in that they're taking a
stand and and they're saying enough
enough enough
like this isn't normal what's going on
in this country is not okay forget
normal put normal aside because
unfortunately many other administrations
have done terribly hideous things as
well but this is people saying we're
gonna fight back and we're not going to
sit down and take it anymore
and you don't get to rip families apart
and kill innocent
people and you know not have any
repercussions we're gonna give you those
repercussions so I don't know and also
by the way she's there I think they're
somewhat hypocritical too because Sarah
Huckabee Sanders herself was defending
the notion of you know allowing
restaurants to discriminate over sexual
orientation so okay well now you kind of
know what it feels like in a sense even
though it's not perfectly analogous it's
somewhat analogous so I don't know I
don't know what my take on this is I
think it's a very complex issue and I'm
just really annoyed with all the
reactionary reflexive flippant arrogant
dismissive takes on this that I've seen
where people are just like hardcore on
one side or the other and the other
thing that's [ __ ] frustrating is
virtually all of the commentary I see is
like some people trying to point out the
perceived hypocrisy of the other side
but then they never tell you what they
actually believe it's just like I look
at these conservatives in favor of
discrimination and against gays but not
against people they like ya hypocrites
and again on the other side same thing
look at these liberals against
discrimination but for it in this
instance and it's like okay you guys are
making a lot of noises about other side
bad but what do you actually believe
what's your standard on this what's your
thinking on this there's a lot less of
that and a lot more of just like I don't
know tribalism and team picking and then
like rationalizing working backwards
from that from that notion in your mind
that I'm on this team so I don't know
now since I've expressed my mixed
feelings please everybody don't hesitate
to absolutely smash that dislike button
a thousand times and give me a 50% like
and dislike rate
