hello everyone and welcome to the what
now and liberals panel and now let's
meet the panel here our writer
consultant and TV political analysis
sherman singleton political commentator
and the host of YouTube's for NBC NBC
[Applause]
just as fascinated as you guys so to
start with Marcos I want to just go down
the line to get a response from everyone
so we've all been hearing about the idea
of a blue wave there's a blue wave
coming in November yet when you look at
history according to PolitiFact
according to Forbes the office the
president the party of the president I
should say typically loses around 32
seats there's only been twice with FDR
and George doing
actually gains so a lot of people would
wonder is there really a way or what we
expect to happen Movember is just
keeping in sync with historical
precedent I think you're confusing blue
wait what's the cow station there it's
going to be by all indications of the
waiting we've seen that in the product
selection in these election results if
you extrapolate democratic performance
before the general election through
special election imagine sort of
elections that would put about a hundred
and twenty Republican tell seats in play
now nobody's cleaning it or I may be
able to play but we are at a point where
you're looking at potential 50 60 seats
we have our fundraising the horizontal
symmetry kiss unbelievable double up
Republican fundraising in q3 we just got
the early vote members the first day in
the bottom last night and they literally
have doubled up from 2014 on that first
day they are almost at festival of odd
numbers
this is clerk in watch out Tony very
dumb why I was actually swing timing
could be typical me and Democrats are
out the Republican by clicking points
they never they were all in the case
it's gonna be this math awaiting the
fact that compass president absolutely
is attacking Hillary Clinton was
president right now we'd be facing
apocalypse as Democrats just by history
right of course
so
it's popular but it's also I think
registration there to be able to turn
Apple guaranteed zones and so for
someone like bado I think India within
three or four points of Ted Cruz is
actually a twin that sets up a very well
in the long term so not thinking that it
has to be all or nothing
[Music]
senator can accept or candidate from
Texas the people from Texas what kind of
energy has gone into changing the
electorate change go back building for
instructors so so Serleena
Democrats on the twenty four seats to be
able to take as this is tough the race
of the attack it significantly tight I
think that's why you see the president
travel all over the place really trying
to Jinnah Republican voters to turn on
even though they is along the battle
however there is a very interesting
dynamic that Republicans may lose the
house but gaining a seat or two in the
Senate
just and 2015 and so you know that's not
fun the Democrat to try to save seats in
the state of Missouri or Tennessee tried
to fit a C or save a seat in Florida but
I do think that this is a different I
just feel like this election is a little
bit different than all the other
elections we always say it's the most
important this is the one that feels
like that actually is the truth not just
because of the policies are impacting
communities of color of marginalized
people but also because of try to change
and now we know we have a time limit in
terms of when we can actually do
something don't change the makeup of at
least one branch of government in this
election we're going to head in the
wrong direction for you know the
foreseeable future and that is clean air
clean water so I just think there's
going to the state right now that this
election feels more important than all
the others and it's unfortunate that in
the Senate we have such red terrain to
to challenge and try to at least keep
the balance of power in the Senate you
know parent here and really try to keep
it somewhat difficult but you know the
truth the fact that matter is yes it
comfortable performance in the house I
don't want to certainly know that that
means you know the message the
Democratic Party as as a whole has a
problem it's just now in this cycle
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
because that's way to speak directly to
the people and when you do that it
actually works in the sense then you
know gets the news all day and he's
gonna make these cakes better than
anybody else
so as long as he keeps making his team
it's gonna be interesting to see what
happens because I don't know what's
gonna happen in these midterms I think
that Democrats probably will pick up
seats but not as much as everybody's
predicting
[Applause]
and I asked that question because no
member of 2016 no one is watching the
Republicans try to back justify their
range of Donald Trump see people who
despised
for now embracing people who say I don't
like the way he says it is a lunch break
that I love with the policies he's
giving us act right
and so you have a moment where
conservatives which I ideologically
opposed to but had enough HIPAA so
recent history of our country home to
span from values rights of synonymous
are abandoning morphing and showing how
in flux those values can be and by the
way an interesting wind when a
consistent ways right we saw the Trump
in the election was and and at the same
with there were concerns with some of
the things you're doing it's very
encouraged
behold by dr. Krim separated cameras
reporter it is in and in the scene on
what you're seeing as Democrats so let's
say we make it through midterms not what
any one of you guys just jump into this
question you make it through midterms
Democrats if you guys I would argue as a
Republican should not make the same
mistakes as publicans did by having 15
candidates run for office
what's the message for the Democratic
Party
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
- right now my cover at 22 we may have
more serious candidates a different
story but it's
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
there is something wrong
there is something wrong if we has the
ability of the
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we have this is a moral issue
[Applause]
there are some differences I think the
audience believes and I happen to agree
with them that the best way
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
they recently changed that support we're
not very happy animos absolutely each
problem for the party it was a probably
2008 Hillary dragged out the primary
with Obama headed the mathematically
actual earn delegates and she hoped that
the super-delegates were gonna we're
gonna fail
Bell Rock same thing happen in 2016
there's some sort of poetic justice in
there I guess but after really it's a
super delegate firm it's stuck in the
race after two mathematically eliminated
because he thought the super-delegates
we're gonna bail
sir from the beginning it but the VDS
only fancy starts and he put in a super
delegate and excuse what the door
members were so I love the fact is
compromised they came up with which
basically says that they don't get a
vote in the first funded having an
organized party these are there ghosts
matters there are you
don't show up to vote the same way that
Republicans show up to go we got to get
it together
register turnout and show up you don't
have to load every single thing about
the candidates
you have to just show Republicans are
wonderful we vote for the candidate
[Music]
but the point is that I actually feel
really deeply about the marginalized
communities that are impacted by those
policies and so yes I will vote for
Bernie Sanders if that means the fact
the person is going to be trouble
because I actually care about the
marginalized people it's not just about
like supporting my guy it's actually
because I care about people's you
actually vote for yourself and let me
tell you that in this country the
biggest Democratic Party has not just
been and I agree I believe that the
Democrat Party because of its historic
elite big bang Wall Street big business
friendly politics has abandoned
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
appealing to women people of color white
supremacy of a sense that we are a less
legitimate party if that is how we which
by the way is racist it's [ __ ] so
that we also say I'm sorry but this is
not those see me working-class white
folks feel like y'all are even
condescended to that right just like
you're being any kind of sitting down
and that's not are nicer to humanity in
general and our policies and our
principle we are and you know what
conservatives can be really nice to
people in particular even though they
are in humanity in general so you know
what actually vote for your candidate
then you know what appeal to them it'll
just be mad at them that they don't see
the world the way you do actually
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
middle-class white women are starting to
abandon the Republican Party as we talk
about how they're working the Democratic
Party to form their message is going to
in terms of beyond is there a room for
disenfranchised and just effective
actions of disaffected Republican voters
that you know what I cannot stick with
the Republican Party under trial is
there a room for those types of Horrors
in the Democratic Party going forward
Marcos might be Cohen you can shoot that
guy you know why would confess given if
you look at the polling is the single
rubycles demographic right now suburban
specifically and is that single women
are 60/40 Democratic married women about
forty five fifty five forty five
Republican and it doesn't matter if
you're never been married divorced or
widowed so when you get married a woman
becomes more conservative
if she it's a widowed or divorced she
reverse it because we're Democrat so
they are movable demographic they didn't
come through for the Democrats in 2016
when I look at that possibility of the
late
if these white can see that the quiet
suburban Republican women is they stick
with the polling anyway Democratic we're
seeing massive massive gains it's not
you see
water exactly that the biggest factors
are some concern so I hope that would
get them there's definitely room for
them I'm talking these aren't people who
they're not the racist from key in the
base
these are educated women who are strong
but if they were to beg the question in
this salad engine is a few moments ago
there are some things about the
Democratic message that I like but I
don't feel except I do feel that that
message is sort of me to people who
don't sort of follow this strip of what
it means to be a progressive or a
democratic socialist or that by and
large what you say to those people
I know actually I think it's about when
you look at the polls you find that a
lot of these issues we would typically
consider like far-left issues they're
actually very mainstream issues so
raising the minimum wage for example
eighty percent of the American people
want to raise the minimum wage and I
think that populism cuts across party
lines and it makes it so that you can
really build bridges
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
try to get them on our side policy and
argumentation to persuade them why do we
actually scientists that aren't you if
you would receive leaving less you
probably would not have would you think
about those
as to just bring those people back to
their side yeah in 2016 are 92 million
eligible voting eligible Americans who
did not turn out to vote I would
probably get about 65% of those are
Democratic into it's easy we have this
enormous pool of people that 35 percent
of Latinos are trauma over the Barca
story block the largest block with our
dock company van I was still surprised
because we've changed the back-right you
change them them and that's not
something that gives you just an
election day you have to have those
investments years out to be turning out
your base reaching your base but also
bringing me more people look without me
if I can mobilize your bases in
targeting mobilize new voters when every
single day the news is Trump Trump Trump
people say you know what I'm just sick
of politics you ignore the news the news
cycle is actually just the ecosystem
that we are all participants and and we
you know talk about whatever tweet
happen in the morning people are living
their lives day today people are dealing
with the issues day to day and they're
dealing with health care crises and
medical bills and you know poor
education and housing and so there are
issues that are in people's faces every
day when you wake up and that's what
this is about I mean fundamentally this
moment it's so hard for me because I
feel like politics has become a
spectacle and this is about policy and
people and I think that we've lost that
and we're at worst we're so into like a
bob lines and cheering and booing and
like
part of the team and having a color and
we're in Jersey and then I don't like is
you have to speak directly to them and
their needs and I feel like the way if
you let people know hey I'm not corrupt
and I'm against the establishment and
I'm for you that's the thing that really
motivates people and it really you again
you can cross ideological lines in that
sense and appeal to a very broad base of
people if they feel like you're speaking
directly to them and not to
[Applause]
have that binary choice of turnout the
voters vote for their alternative so
certainly nobody asked me this question
so I do Democrats however there have
been a lingering 40 for quite some time
that African Americans continue to go
over the wall only for the Democratic
Party and a lot of Americans believe
there are issues that are not fully
address criminal justice reform police
brutality
how can or what do Democrats need to do
to address those concerns so that after
burns can say toward not only am I going
to vote Democratic but I'm going to go
out and make sure those the validity
issues are systemic and you know
cultivated over decades and so you have
Democratic politicians you have for your
eight-year terms who don't have an
incentive to implement policies that
won't be an accident
you know for 10 to 12 years or changes
won't happen far beyond when they're out
of the pockets you see this in Chicago
Rahm Emanuel boy do not support anyway
have a lot of problems with because you
know there are problems that were is
basically caused by policy of the policy
tearing down the project's we knew gang
members within the same neighborhood so
you hear about violence in Chicago which
you don't necessarily know why it's the
way it is right now and so that that is
because the political choices made in
the short term and not removable long
term memory because those people don't
care about those communities those
people don't really care but the people
who live there they care about their
reelection and so I think in terms of
holding Democratic
absolutely true that you know democratic
colleges that need a lot of promise is
not necessarily deliver doctors on the
local level but all the way up you know
I have my issues I work with who I work
for
mm many but I do think that the bottom
line is that you know we have to get any
much you have to put skin in the game so
if you see the Democratic Party and you
see problems within the party get
involved with the party you infiltrate
and change from it and that's what I
believe and so you know I couldn't sit
back and you watch ordinary Clinton's
campaign and see that there were issues
are ways in which I could add value and
sit back and not do anything so I
decided to jump into the campaign and
then in either perspective talking about
criminal justice be the perspective
chalking of our reproductive justice in
the Hyde Amendment which actually did
push Britain to the left on the Hyde
Amendment specifically in the finer if
that's something that I care about a
wonderful color those women of color
camp don't have a portable access to
reproductive health health care in many
instances it's because of the vitamin
and that matters so I think that you
know in terms of what the Democratic
Party to do and how black people can
actually feel like they're they're being
listened to and her part of that is that
you have to get in it we can't just be
on the outside yelling or booing you
have to get involved and it have to be
as citizens it doesn't
you're gonna be the only one question
Kanye is talking about running for
Senate from California
[Applause]
[Music]
I read tsunami is coming if you guys
continue this
