goodness gracious boy oh boy do I have
some incredible news for all of you I
didn't want to wait any longer to share
this with you so I decided to do a
little impromptu style segment right now
I'm sure most of you already know by now
but let's run through it yesterday was
just an incredible incredible night for
the left it can't be overstated how big
it was because it was the first real
declaration of like we're here we're a
force and you're not gonna play Kate us
you're not gonna run your typical
corporatist tricks on us we're a tsunami
we're movement and we're not taking no
for an answer because when you look at
the opinion polls the American people
agree with us certainly the base of the
Democratic Party agrees with us and we
should be electing people who represent
us and I'm not kidding when I say the
establishment really had no clue this
was coming they were completely and
utterly baffled by the results of last
night so let's run through a bunch of it
this is the our revolution Twitter feed
here they do a lot of you know more
local races but I still just want to
give you the full scope of just how
solid a day it was yesterday for the
left I only saw two losses out of all
the elections or I should say I only saw
two prominent losses out of all the
elections it was wall-to-wall victories
so okay here you go guy named Vaughn
Stewart endorsed by our revolution won
for the Maryland House of Delegates
again I told you these are the smaller
races here Gabriel a Severo won in
Maryland for the House of Delegates
Angela Graham in Oklahoma for state
representative
you know there's a there's a bunch of
these to be fair I don't even know a lot
of these people because again these are
more local races than anything else but
look boom look at the first big one we
get to hear who's that
that is Ben Jealous so Ben Jealous is
also a justice Democrat he of course was
a big-time Bernie supporter and he's for
all the right policies Medicare for all
living wage so on and so forth and he
won he won for governor for Maryland the
primary so again this is one of those
this is one of those races where the
establishment lined up against him but
he cracked skulls anyone that was a huge
victory gigantic victory but there was
an even bigger one look at what we have
here Democratic Socialist wins biggest
upset of 2018 we all know who that is
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes CNN says a 28
year old Latina owl stood a 10 term
incumbent in New York in the most
shocking upset of the political season
this is without a doubt the Democrats
Eric Cantor moment so for those of you
who don't know Eric Cantor was in
Republican leadership and he got knocked
off by a more populist candidate by the
name of David Brett nobody on the right
saw that coming in fact I was literally
unprecedented well Ocasio core excuse me
joseph Crowley was the heir apparent to
Nancy Pelosi's throne he spoke about how
he was quote destined for democratic
leadership I mean this guy is the
ultimate corporatist
neoliberal insider
and he was ousted by Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes so take a look at some more of
this stuff here this is incredible
people for Bernie says Joe Crowley was
endorsed by Kirsten Gillibrand Andrew
Cuomo Chuck Schumer the Sierra Club the
Human Rights Campaign Christine Quinn
moms demand action at least 28 unions
near all Planned Parenthood and over 100
more elected officials and then you can
see here Daniel Marin says from a
National Democratic strategist the
Crowley team did not raise any red flags
or ask allies for help with his primary
I saw tweets yesterday where reporter
spoke to Democratic strategists in
Washington DC and I kid you not they
said we don't expect New York 14 to be a
competitive race by the way they were
right it wasn't competitive but it
wasn't competitive in the opposite
direction that they thought it wasn't
gonna be competitive
she won I think she got 57 or 58 percent
of the vote she kind of crushed him I
mean this is huge
okay Matt Stoller says Crowley's donors
who lost tonight look at this list man
Facebook Google Blackrock Humana
Raytheon Capital One by the way pause
right here we've already you know gotten
all the people who are destroying our
politics for-profit health insurance
companies banks the military-industrial
complex Wall Street and we just we're
just getting started with the list
Aflac Microsoft Cigna TD Bank H&R Block
salesforce.com United technology dental
wit Covington and Burling anheuser-busch
Honeywell Crowley donors who lost
tonight part two American Bankers
Association Citigroup UPS t-mobile
Altria which is Philip Morris Ernst &
Young this guy was just a grab bag of
corruption
he was as corrupt as it gets he was the
ultimate corporatist this is a guy who
left in the middle of a debate about
Wall Street regulation to raise money
from Wall Street and then he came back
and voted against regulating Wall Street
he is terrible he voted for the Iraq war
he voted for the Iraq war he is the most
corporate of the corporate the most
establishment of the establishment he is
the ultimate insider and he was just out
stood by the ultimate outsider and then
look at this this is from Jeff Stein
Jeff Stein says I put this together
yesterday but look at Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez's reliance on small donors versus
that of the entire New York City
congressional delegation including Joe
Crowley look at this look at this you
know Gregory Meeks taking 1.3 percent of
his money from small donors smaller than
$200 grace maying 4% I mean the best we
have other than Ocasio Cortes is Jerrold
Nadler at 9.2 percent 70% of Alexandria
Ocasio Cortez's money came from small
donors and again small donors is defined
as people giving under $200 when you if
you were to count small donors as just
legal individual donations so in other
words 2700 dollars or less from
individuals I'm pretty sure all of
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez's money came
from them so look at this the blue line
is Ocasio Cortes that is that says
everything right there that says
absolutely everything about this race
and look at this
Joseph Crowley
raised three point three million dollars
he spent 3.4 Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
raised a little over three hundred
thousand spent a hundred and ninety four
thousand
and she beat him I can't overstate how
important this isn't how big this is
we're here we're not going anywhere this
is the rise of the left and there's only
gonna be more of this to come and why
did she win she won because she's not
corrupt she would scream that through a
megaphone that she wasn't corrupt
everybody knew she wasn't corrupt she
was getting small dollar donations they
organized like crazy by the way joy cot
Chakrabarty was one of the original
founders of justice democrats along with
myself and Janki ogre and Zac Exley he
ended up running Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez's campaign and he did a fantastic
job just as Democrats are to thank for
this democratic socialists of America
are to thank for this all of these
left-wing populist left groups that were
on the ground knocking on doors
canvassing getting the word out there
this is how we win these really are
races of people power versus money and
listen I'm not gonna sit here and lie to
you guys often times money wins out and
that is [ __ ] beyond depressing but
sometimes money does not win out and
sometimes people power overrides it and
this is an example of a perfect storm
this was a perfect storm where the
populist candidate was able to ask a
just a behemoth a political machine of a
man and by the way I can't tell you how
annoying it's been to look at so many of
the establishment outlets and so many of
the so-called political journalists
commenting on this I mean Joanne Reid
tweeted pretty sure all of all of you
know all political journalists are doing
a crash course on Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes tonight no you first of all you
should have been do
a long time ago where were you a goddamn
a year ago Politico and New York Times
had these articles alike who is
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez you were
supposed to [ __ ] tell us that a year
ago you dip shits if you were serious
and you did your goddamn job
you would already know about her you
would already have reported on or you
would have already have educated
everybody about her but she didn't do it
and he didn't do it because you're
biased in favor of the Democratic
establishment and you're biased in favor
of big money and then you get blindsided
and you're like oh [ __ ] there might
actually be some candidates out there
that care about people and represent
them so it was the organizing it was the
grassroots it was the fighting that won
this race and Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
is a superb candidate she ran on
Medicare for all she ran on free college
she ran on a living wage she ran on
ending the wars she ran on abolishing
ice bold clear progressive vision and
she was able to take down a political
machine she took down the entire
establishment the left took down the
entire establishment so I was um I was
near tears last night because of how
important this is it really is I can't
overstate it I don't think the segment
I'm doing here and the words I'm using
or really doing it justice because what
this does is this breathes air into the
left this breathes life into the left
because listen I'm of the belief we
weren't doing poorly beforehand I mean
when you look at justice Democrats you
look at our revolution you look at all
these different groups fighting for
left-wing change P triple see you name
it we were winning 40 to 50% of our
races so that's solid but the thing is
there was no there was no leading
example there was no clear middle finger
in a prominent race you know if Allison
Hartson pulled it out that would have
been one example of it if Paula G and
Swearengen defeated Joe Manchin that
would have been another
couple of it but let me tell you
something even though those were Senate
races and this is a house race this is
just as big as it would have been in
those instances because Joe Crowley
again is the heir apparent to Nancy
Pelosi he's thrown he was gonna be he's
the fourth leading Democrat in the
country
he was planning on being one of the top
first or second leading Democrats in the
country and now and now look at him he's
unemployed and he should be unemployed
and he's unemployed by a superb
candidate who's fighting for all of the
right policies that'll fix this country
it's Bernie Sanders vision and then some
so I'm happy I'm proud and I think this
is there's a really important takeaway
from this which is never give up never
give up never give up never give up
never give up never give up because
sometimes you're gonna lose man
sometimes you're gonna [ __ ] lose you
know it doesn't matter how good you are
and how much you have all your ducks in
a row
you're gonna lose sometimes man you're
gonna lose sometimes Tiger Woods
probably the greatest golfer ever what
does he have 20% victory rate so you
know he only won two out of every ten
tournaments and he's the best ever [ __ ]
is that what is that what does that show
you it's easy to lose and then get down
on ourselves or say you know what I
[ __ ] quit this I've had that feeling
before I'm sure all of you have had that
feeling before where we're like okay you
know what are we wasting time here is
that we're doing are we is this is
nothing gonna ever change so let's just
go let's just stop let's just drop the
burden and move on to something else and
mentally check out that's an appealing
thought sometimes that's an appealing
thought sometimes but then you guarantee
that you lose then there's no question
then it's a given that you lose cuz
you're not even in the game so the
establishment will keep chugging along
you win by fighting and never giving up
even if you lose one race run another if
you lose to run a third if you lose
three run a fourth it's hard nobody said
it was gonna be easy
but we can do this thing man we can do
this thing by the way the two losses I
was referencing earlier the two
progressive losses Dylan Ratigan lost in
his district which is a shame because
Dylan Ratigan is would have been a
tremendous um politician and Chelsea
Manning lost but to be honest I don't
even know if that's the the worst thing
in the world because she's dealing with
some stuff and she probably should go
deal with that stuff and get everything
sorted but anyway over-the-moon happy
there's new life in the left and this is
a big moment it's a big moment for the
future of the country and the future of
the Democratic Party because this is
what's that saying we planted the flag
in the sand is that what that thing is
I'm not sure it does it sounds a little
off but this is us saying we're a force
the left is a force and if the
establishment thinks they're just gonna
run roughshod over us from now until
forever boy do they have something else
coming
