so we had a historic day over the
weekend in Korea president moon jae-in
of South Korea and of course kim
jeong-hoon of north korea met and
crossed the border together so it was
the first time in decades the war isn't
even officially over the Korean War
never officially ended there was a truce
but it never officially ended well now
they're gonna end the Korean War
officially so you had the South Korean
president crossed the border with Kim
jong-un into North Korea Kim jong-un
crossed the border into South Korea and
listen this is just good news for the
world because it looks like we have a
giant de-escalation here two parties
coming to the table and indeed making
peace now the details of exactly what's
gonna happen
have yet to be ironed out and you know
therein lies the the real important
story because what is Kim jong-un going
to agree to and what will the West
particularly the United States accept in
terms of kim kim jeong-hoon so in other
words are we gonna be like okay you have
nuclear weapons and there's your
deterrent so now we can all get along
that's not gonna happen or is he gonna
say yeah I'll give up nuclear weapons
but what exactly do you mean by you
giving up nuclear weapons are you really
gonna give up your nuclear weapons fully
and completely so that you have no
deterrent anymore so I don't think
that's gonna happen he might say yeah
that's what I'm gonna do but I don't
think that's what he's gonna do and
we'll have more on this not only in this
story but stories we're gonna do later
on on the show but listen no matter how
you slice it or dice it this is
wonderful news North Korea and South
Korea you know sat down at the table
literally spoke to each other and as you
could tell by this picture it went
pretty goddamn well so let's take a look
at a short news clip on this
it has been a day full of extraordinary
moments and images and it started with
this one the supreme leader of North
Korea walking across the dividing line
into the South Kim jong-un then grabbed
the hand of South Korean president moon
jae-in and together they stepped back
for a moment onto North Korean soil as
their summit meeting began they sat
across a table exactly 2018 millimeters
wide the backdrop a huge painting of a
famous North Korean mountain range
immediately president moon set the tone
telling Kim jong-un he had been brave to
make the journey south as the day rolled
on more extraordinary images have
continued Kim's limousine scooting back
and forth across the dividing line his
personal bodyguards running alongside
the two leaders planting a tree with
soil and water brought from the north
and the south but perhaps the most
fascinating moment of all was their
afternoon stroll sitting for nearly half
an hour on a bridge sipping tea deep in
what appears to have been animated
conversation it is a massive contrast to
what started with one of the most brutal
Wars of the 20th century in 1953 a truce
was signed at exactly the same place the
two leaders met today but the conflict
has never ended just a few months ago it
really looked like military conflict
might break out again as Kim jong-un
launched ever more powerful missiles and
tested ever-larger nuclear devices today
just four months later the two leaders
emerge from their summit to declare
their intention to end the conflict
permanently there will be no Korean War
a new era of peace will open we've
suffered so much but now we stand
together mr. Kim and I agree to have the
Korean Peninsula without any nuclear
arsenal we cannot be separated we are
one nation when we met we realized we
cannot be parted we
our one nation it has been a truly
remarkable day here in South Korea and a
brilliant piece of political theater by
president moon and Kim jong-un and it
may be the beginning of something really
different but it's worth remembering
that this railway bridge behind me here
between the South here and the north
over there was reopened in the early
2000s to great fanfare there was even
talk of trains running from Seoul all
the way to Europe and it never happened
the path is now open to the much bigger
prize a face-to-face meeting between Kim
jong-un and US president Donald Trump
that could now happen within weeks and
it will be an even more extraordinary
moment we between field Hayes BBC news
on the North South Korea border so the
backstory to what happened here is that
president Park of South Korea the former
president was impeached over corruption
we covered that story not that long ago
and president moon jae-in is the
pro-peace candidate and he had the
overwhelming support of South Koreans
there's been a giant grassroots movement
many activists in South Korea have been
pushing for peace aggressively now this
is all good news here's the part that
I'm skeptical of take a look at this
headline kim jeong-hoon
promises to give up nuclear weapons if
u.s. vows not to invade now nuclear
experts have been weighing in on this in
fact one of them spoke to the intercept
in a very interesting article and the
nuclear experts are saying yeah no so
what kim jeong-hoon means by we're gonna
do denuclearization is very different
from the perception of what hardliners
want it to mean so john bolton gave an
interview the other week and he said
yeah sure do realization is great Kim
who needs to tell us where we bring our
ships in and where we land our planes
and then we'll take all of his nuclear
weapons out of the country and be done
with them bring him to Tennessee and the
nuclear experts are like no no see when
he talks about denuclearization
well he might mean hey I'll give up my
ability to do to do long-range strikes
so in other words I'll keep my nuclear
weapons but don't worry I don't have the
long-range capability so it it won't be
a threat against the United States
another thing is hey I'll stop run I'll
stop doing nuclear tests now some
experts say what he's doing here is a
power play Kim jong-un because the
argument or or the the front he's trying
to put on is up that's it I got all I
told I'm totally nuclear I'm totally
capable I have all the nuclear
capabilities that I'd ever need and so
now I just want everybody to know um ago
she ating from a position of strength so
I'm gonna come to the table and let you
guys know hey since I now have a
deterrent to Western aggression and to
whatever South Korea wants to do to us
so I just want you to know I'm totally
secure and I got everything on lock here
so let's make a show of you know of
solidarity and of peace and then that's
supposed to send the message of
confidence to the world okay well I see
acting peaceful well maybe he's acting
peaceful because he's trying to portray
I already have the weapons that I need
now the nuclei experts say he actually
probably doesn't because the number of
nuclear tests he's done are not enough
to indicate he's successfully come up
with whatever the long-range technology
is in order to to nuke a place like the
United States for example so there's a
bunch of different things that could be
going on here now again at the end of
the day I think this is it's still
fantastic news I believe that to Mike or
anybody who's you know trying to act
like
possible alternative is is better than
this I think they're dead wrong and the
president of South Korea has been using
again what the experts call strategic
flattery of the US so I mean this guy is
brilliant and he you know they often
talk about oh you want a leader who
plays chess not checkers or whatever
they say three-dimensional chess or
whatever the [ __ ] and that's kind of
what the president of South Korea is
doing because as he's been you know
working for peace with North Korea what
he's done is they said stroked the ego
of Donald Trump and anytime they do
something positive that's a step towards
peace he basically pawns off all of it
to Trump and says Oh Donald Trump you're
the reason why this is really happening
we want to thank you for all the
wonderful work that you're doing
it's because of you that Kim Jong moon
is really stepping up here and and
coming to the table for peace and then
Trump like he was doing a rally the
other day and in the rally he said
repeatedly you know it just has
everything to do with me it's got
absolutely everything to do with me even
the president South Korea says it even
the president of South Korea says it so
this is strategic flattery stroking his
ego so that he can take credit for peace
but again the big the big test is gonna
be if indeed it happens the meeting
between Kim jong-un and Donald Trump so
so kim jeong-hoon met with Pompeo
already and he's supposed to meet with
donald trump in the near future and
here's the thing we want Donald Trump to
have a giant ego going into this and and
care most about how this looks to
everybody else because when you sit down
at the table with kim jeong-hoon
and if you're if your only position is
the john bolton position which is total
and complete denuclearization we're
going to come on we're going to take all
your weapons and that's going to be
under it well that's something kim
jeong-hoon
ultimately is not going to agree to now
he will make concessions so again he
might say I won't do any more tests
are done so you get to go save face to
the press and to your country and say
look what see he's not doing nuclear
tests anymore what does that show maybe
it shows he doesn't have nuclear weapons
or kim jongwan might say yeah no we're
gonna know more long-range technology or
he might say hey we have one facility
you can come in and shut down and take
it away and then you go to your people
and say see we got what we wanted so
there are gonna be real concessions on
Kim Jong Un's part but listen and here's
the part of the story nobody's gonna
tell you if Kim Jong Un's says I'm gonna
give away all my nuclear weapons and
that's it he's lying
because he's not gonna do that and the
second point is if he did do that he's
the biggest idiot on the planet and I
say that because not because Kim Jong
Un's a good guy or I want him to do you
know to do that no not at all
I say that because he saw what happened
to Saddam Hussein he saw what happened
to Gaddafi which is the more important
example where the Gaddafi gave up his
weapons to the US and as a show of hey
don't invade me here I'll do what you
want if as long as you don't topple me
and then immediately the u.s. toppled
years later they topple them so what
that showed that example showed is you
can't trust the US if the US says hey
just give up your weapons and everything
will be fine
I almost fell out of my chair because
what they've demonstrated is no if you
give up your weapons they're just gonna
use that as fuel to say well now we know
we could topple him because he can't
attack us so or you know I mean I guess
there's a small chance he gives up all
of his nukes but he would never give up
his conventional weapons because he has
plenty of conventional weapons and he
wants to keep those again as a deterrent
pointed at South Korea so that we know
if the US does anything to him he can
launch on South Korea or if South Korea
does anything to him he can launch on
South Korea he's got a lot of keep
weapons as a deterrent to Western
aggression because again the West shows
all the time well we don't stop at
anything to get regime change at the
places we want [ __ ] regime change
Gaddafi is the perfect example thank you
for giving up your weapons now we're
gonna topple you so
the lesson from that is okay
don't come up your weapons don't give it
up and in fact people their military
leaders in the US are like yeah you know
they might not say other people might
not admit this publicly politicians
might not admit this publicly but he
wants those weapons as a deterrent
because we'll come up with some reason
and go invade him and topple him if he
doesn't have the weapons so I'm
skeptical when they say oh he promises
to give up nuclear weapons if the US
vows not to invade however even given
all those facts I just told you and the
different directions this can go in it's
still good news because if so let's say
they have the meeting if Donald Trump is
just willing to accept a big a big
concession from kim jeong-hoon like no
more tests or no more long-range
technology or here one facility will
shut down if he's willing to accept that
well then Trump can go back here and say
I did it
amazing tremendous peace he's already
taking credit for it but he could really
take credit and say that's it we made a
peace deal unbelievable it worked out we
no need to worry about this issue
anymore and that would actually be a
good thing and then you might have some
idiots here in the US who say no but he
still has some nukes err he still has
some military capabilities so that's not
a win but it would it would still be a
win because again what you're seeing
here is despite everything else he
doesn't he's not gonna offensively
attack people he doesn't he knows what
would happen to him if he were to attack
the US or to attack South Korea so we
know as a matter of fact he's no
offensive threat now he's a menace
against his own people there's no doubt
about that he's done horrible things
he's a brutal dictator all that can be
true but it's also true he's no threat
to South Korea no offensive threat to
South Korea or the u.s. but listen in
this instance the bulk of the credit
without a doubt goes to the activists in
South Korea the people at North Korea
who wanted peace and moon jae-in the
president of South Korea who is a peace
candidate that's where the bulk of the
credit goes and we just have to hope
that
Trump cares more about his ego and how
things are perceived then you know the
position of the neo cons because the neo
cons are gonna be pushing him in fact
John Bolton just said it oh we should do
the Libya model with with North Korea
why not just tell them hey if you give
up your weapons we're just gonna top you
because that's what that is that's
exactly what that is
so Trump needs to be able to fend off
Pompeyo and John Bolton and all the
idiot neo cons in his administration and
say no [ __ ] off you're wrong and then
say save face and say I made peace even
though he's not responsible and we're
all gonna know he's not primarily
responsible for peace but if he can just
passively accept whatever concessions
and pretend like it's the perfect deal
I'll take it I'll [ __ ] take it and
listen the thing for me is I consider on
the issue of North Korea I consider any
administration a success where there's
no hot war because the US has been
wanting regime change in North Korea
forever and so any administration that
doesn't attack North Korea fine I'll
take it and I'll consider you a success
on that issue so all Donald Trump needs
to do is not attack them and I'll say
good enough Thank You Donald good job
but if it were were to go a little
further than that and he would have just
accept that North Korea and South Korea
came to terms that'd be even better just
accept whatever concessions kim
jeong-hoon gives I'm relatively certain
that the new South Korean president is
going to accept whatever you know token
concessions kim jeong-hoon gives because
he's a peace guy and i think he knows
that he's not an offensive threat so if
they're gonna accept the concessions the
US needs to accept the concessions and
you just got to hope that Donald Trump
wants to save face more than he wants to
listen to all the neo cons in his
administration so this is a great story
no matter how you slice it or dice it
it's definitely more complicated than
the media is letting on because again
they framed it as oh kim jeong-hoon is
just promising to give up his weapons
i'm sure the details are a lot more
murky than that and there are gonna be
back there is gonna be back and forth
and we just have to hope that trumps
idiocy doesn't blow this up because
there's a chance that when he sits down
with Kim
he's like okay we're gonna take all your
weapons right and that's when kim
jongguk oh no I want peace but here
here's what I'm offering and then you
know the US could say all right that
works here's what we'll offer in return
relief of sanctions and stuff like that
so we just have to we have to wait and
see but there's a decent chance that at
the end of all this I'll say good enough
and as long as Trump sits passively by
while the north and the south make peace
fine fine fine fine that'd be a good a
good scenario a bad scenario would be
you know trumps blindsided by the fact
that Kim Jong Un's not gonna give up
100% of what you know the US wants and
then he's acts like offended and says no
that's we're now we're gonna get tough
we're gonna get tough on them that would
be a disaster because let the north in
the south take the lead on this because
they actually want peace u.s. should
just accept whatever terms they come to
and the terms I'm sure will make sense
to one extent or another and that's good
enough for me
