boy oh boy do I have a little bit of
news for you here lookie what we have
just as Democrats is now 51 candidates
strong against the oligarchy 51
candidates I blinked and we added over a
dozen more candidates so listen I'm
gonna tell you about three of them here
I highly recommend you go to justice
Democrats calm and read about the rest
of them what we're trying to do with
justice Democrats is take the Bernie
Sanders political revolution and take
over the Democratic Party kick out the
corporatists and have politicians that
are uncorrupted who take no corporate
PAC money and they only represent the
people they will only fight for their
constituents and that's what every one
of these candidates is bringing so every
time I read about these guys I mean it
is I get filled with joy at the prospect
that we have such fantastic candidates
running so I mean think about that add
it over a dozen candidates in this most
recent batch we now have 51 candidates
okay so let me tell you about a few of
them here first we have Dan cannon so
he's running in the ninth district in
Indiana let's watch this video of Dan
here and then we'll come back and
discuss some more sometimes it's the
hands sometimes it's the eyes without
saying a word people tell me they've
never had someone to fight for them
so I do it's why I became a lawyer to be
the voice for the people who do right
everyday work their whole lives and
still gets screwed by a health insurance
company by a bureaucracy that doesn't
care by a government that doesn't listen
I fight to make things right for people
sometimes making history usually making
a difference I never thought I would run
for Congress of a real person who's had
real problems I was raised by a single
mom in southern Indiana dropped out of
high school before I found my way
sometimes I've lived paycheck to
paycheck not a perfect life definitely
not a politician's life but too many
things in this country are broken and
it's time for real people right here in
the heartland to have someone fighting
for them again it's time to make sure no
one has to choose between paying the
rent and pay for medicine time for a
woman just as good as her male
co-workers to get equal pay and it's
time that's special interests with money
stop getting all the breaks that Indiana
working families start getting a few
we're the wealthiest country this world
has ever known and on too many streets
in Indiana you'd never know it
I believe we can afford to start doing
better with real people jobs you can
live on real opportunities
in healthcare that's a right not a
privilege my work has always been face
to face and eye to eye and that's how I
see this campaign we're gonna build a
movement one in the in a small town one
diner one front porch at a time
if you're ready for change I'm ready to
fight
a populist in Indiana I absolutely love
it I couldn't love it any more so the
most amazing fact about Dan is that he
was on the legal team that got us
marriage equality he was on the legal
team that went to the Supreme Court and
won the case on gay marriage that's okay
I can't overstate how awesome that is I
mean this is that is a pivotal moment in
US history that's when we took the next
step in ensuring equality for everybody
and justice you know that's like having
somebody who fought against segregation
who was pivotal in the fight back
against segregation running for office
here we have somebody who got marriage
equality who was on the legal team that
got us marriage equality isn't that
incredible and now he's running for
office he's taking no corporate PAC
money he's running on Medicare for all
he's running on a new New Deal he's
being a populist I I think we can win
these races I really do we just have to
get the word out there that's the point
we have to get the word out there and we
have to raise enough money for them too
because since they don't take any
corporate PAC money they're at a
permanent financial disadvantage and
that unfortunately is a giant factor in
these elections did you know over 90
percent of the time the candidate that
raises the most money ends up winning so
that's we're at a disadvantage in that
respect but when I look at how awesome
these candidates are I really get filled
with hope and I think we can do this
thing okay so that Stan can an amazing
story then we also have here in the 50th
50th district of California Ammar compa
majare now he is an American of Mexican
and Palestinian descent so he has a
really interesting story
his mother is Catholic his father is a
Muslim Palestinian in fact he spent time
growing up
in Gaza and witnessed a war I mean you
want to talk about gaining some life
experience think about what he had to go
through so he's running against
Republican Duncan Hunter now if you know
who Duncan Hunter is when I said his
name you recoiled and you were like I
need a [ __ ] shower after hearing that
Duncan Hunter number one has argued he
wants to stay in Iraq indefinitely okay
right off the bat you are 100% out of
lockstep with the American people who
want out of these unnecessary Wars he
wants to stay in Iraq indefinitely he
floated the idea casually in an
interview of nuking Iran that's like
Sheldon Adelson like yeah we should send
a message and just like Newcombe or so
what this guy is a congressman he's
elected he said yeah maybe we knew Quran
and the third thing about Duncan Hunter
is he somehow managed to find a way to
violate our already weak ask campaign
finance laws and he's under literally
under investigation by the Justice
Department because he so brazenly
violated our campaign finance laws that
takes an extra level of skill and an
extra level of corruption because but
we've legalized bribery already but he's
like no I will still find a way to you
know break the few rules that we have
now again when we talk about justice
Democrats Ammar takes no corporate PAC
money no corporate PAC money raising
small dollar donations is a 100 percent
grassroots populist campaign so it's
almost like you couldn't get a starker
comparison the most corrupt among a
bunch that are already corrupt versus
somebody who says no I'm not even going
to take any corporate PAC money so let
me give you some of Amar's quotes he
says from campaign finance to the way we
conduct elections we have a system that
gives inordinate influence to insiders
major corporations and the politically
connected but that's not how democracy
is supposed to work I will fight for
reforms inside
Democratic Party as well as in Congress
that put people first we need to ask
ourselves whether the Democratic Party
should put the interests of
super-delegates above those of the
American voter we need to explore ways
to limit the influence of super PACs on
both sides of the aisle whether through
a constitutional amendment or by
preventing out of district special
interests from overwhelming our local
election and we should be discussing
issues like term limits so that we have
more representatives and fewer career
politicians okay
so on health care II says the following
quote health care is another priority of
mine if elected I would support
legislation to expand Medicare and move
rapidly towards single-payer health care
I support Medicare for all and would
vote yes every time how do we pay for it
we already do one-fifth of American
dollars which is three point four
trillion dollars last year are spent on
health care
let's make health care our right for all
instead of a privilege for the few 100%
correct
and again I love that because what's he
doing he's flipping the debate you know
how Republicans go Medicare fraud we
can't afford it we can't afford it we
can't afford it
well I've argued for the longest time
because it's true actually we can't
afford not to do it because if we keep
the system as is our health care system
will cost 49 trillion dollars over the
next 10 years Medicare for all over the
same time period 32 trillion dollars you
save 17 trillion dollars if you do
Medicare for all and you cover everybody
no more medical bankruptcies no more
millions of people uninsured no more
45,000 people dying every year because
they don't have access to basic health
care so I love it I love it he's for
Medicare for all he's educated on the
issue and he's a fighter now we move on
to the next one
so the previous two I spoke about their
candidates for the House of
Representatives we have another Senate
candidate and she
is amazing wait until you see this
little clip and her talking about the
four issues that she uses the most
important issues the top issues in her
mind so Deidre Abood is running for
Senate in Arizona of course right now we
have McCain and flake as the senator
from Arizona and both of them will be
out of the Senate shortly but look at
this here's what
Deidre's about
not just to higher education than to
college but you know why we don't look
at more trade schools so he won't wonder
George trade school so he will need to
go to trade schools we need to be
looking at how we can make sure we have
a minimum and how we can empower people
for the next step that works for them no
country is prospered that doesn't have
an educational system that lists of the
population and the United States has a
history of reading one of the first
countries in the world to focus on the
education and now our we are always
stuck out was that no one can have
religious liberty and let everyone has
religious liberty and that has to
include the ability not to have religion
there is no way that the state can
decide which religious interpretation
works because no religious
interpretation covers everybody even if
you just start
these are clearly important because the
reason why we have attacks on the LGBTQ
community the reason why we have attacks
on women's productive freedom is based
on religion isn't it
so refreshing to hear Democrats who
stand for something they believe in
something they're fighting for something
and I have to say I got a little bit
giddy hearing a Muslim woman in hijab
talking about how awesome secularism is
separation of church and state because
that's like the beauty of America right
there and it flies in the face of
genuine bigots on the right who would
take one look at her and assume like you
know all these negative backwards things
but here you have a Muslim woman in
hijab going one of my top four issues is
separation of church and state because
it's the inter tangling of religion and
politics that leads to the oppression of
minority groups like the LGBTQ community
there was for religious reasons we had
people argue against gay marriage today
over 20 states make it so you're legally
allowed to fire a gay person simply
because they're gay well Deidre food is
gonna fight on the proper side of those
issues and then she says I'm top 4 as
you'd Medicare for all free college
separation of church and state and net
neutrality which she by the way defines
as a free speech issue she goes this is
this is a real attack on our free speech
is
now you have odd Pi in the FCC doing the
bidding of the Internet service
providers and giving them carte blanche
so the Internet service providers can
slow down traffic to sites that they
don't agree with or sites that didn't
pay their bribes to them so what an
amazing candidate really an amazing
candidate and all of our candidates are
great again now we have 51 listen we
have no more excuse
we don't have an excuse anymore Bernie
Sanders political revolution is here so
it's time to do something about it
listen go to justice democrats comm
check your district scroll through all
the candidates all 51 look at the
different places where they're running
now we have three senate candidates the
rest of them are candidates for the
House of Representatives see if one's
running in your district if one's
running in your state if you live in
Arizona go volunteer for Deidre bood
donate to Deidre Boyd's campaign we net
we don't have an excuse anymore there's
no more excuse we're gonna come back
here when all the elections happen and
we're gonna get to give ourselves a
report card you know we're gonna get say
okay well we had the candidates that are
representing the things that we believe
in so how did we do in terms of turning
out so now it's on us so we have for the
Senate we have Paul Swearengen running
against Joe Manchin Allison Hartson
running against Dianne Feinstein and now
we have Deidre Abood running in Arizona
so let's do it let's do it by the way to
to donate to the new slate of candidates
and by the way they need it I just over
a dozen candidates and to run 51
campaigns you need a tremendous amount
of money to keep all just the [ __ ]
infrastructure in place to keep the
operation going never mind spending
enough to actually win so we need it we
need the money for sure for the new
slate of candidates which is over a
dozen for the 51 candidates total but if
you want to donate to this new slate of
candidates
the link is gonna be right below the
first link in the video description box
and I highly recommend donating if
you're in Arizona you know or if you're
in somebody's district if they're
running for House representatives give
your time man go go talk to the campaign
see what's up knock on doors if you have
to do phone banking calling if you have
to all that stuff because again now we
have no excuse and we do have a system
that's biased against us in our fight
here
you know we've covered a zillion stories
of how the maitre media just ignores us
they just ignore us
Amy vilela is running to take a seat
after the person's resigning because of
sexual harassment Reuben Cohen he's
resigning he's like I can't run again I
got caught sexually harassing people in
the articles discussing that they didn't
even bring Amy up
she's already in the race she has an
amazing personal story she's fighting
for Medicare for all harder than anybody
cuz her daughter died because we don't
have Medicare for all
can you imagine a male congressman
saying I'm resigning because I'm a I got
caught being a sexual harasser and you
have a female candidate already running
to take them over that seat from the
male candidate and they don't even
mention her and they float the names of
other peopie what about this person what
about that person what the [ __ ] you
talking about why not Amy because she's
gonna fight on these issues that's why
they ignore us
that's why corporate media ignores us
that's why the Democrats ignore us you
know the d-triple-c is trying to snub
all the justice Democrats they're trying
to make them sign pledges like hey by
the way you're not allowed to do a tax
that might hurt that might hurt your
opponent in the general election sign
this thing that says you won't do that
so then you're saying disarm don't
attack the corporate Democrats because
their corporate don't do it cuz it might
hurt no how about they [ __ ] fix their
goddamn positions and then we won't be
able to attack them because they're not
for Medicare for all they're now for
free College kind of [ __ ] is that
it Sam and then they say you have to
spend 75% of your money on [ __ ]
however we dictate you spend it what
well the Democratic establishment you
lost a thousand
seats under Barack Obama your formula
sucks so why the [ __ ] would new
candidates have to follow your shitty
outline which didn't work why would they
do that because they don't care about
winning they care about propping up
corporate Democrats and continuing the
status quo they care about mealy-mouthed
[ __ ] politicians who talk about you
know we should like increase access to
health care why are you [ __ ] using
weasel words why are you saying access
why not say medicare for all
single-payer why are you not yeah well I
think we should increase access and
maybe we should tweak things slightly
while we still serve Wall Street and Big
Pharma and private health Andrew
I'm done with that [ __ ] now we have
no excuse we have 51 Justice Democrats
running that's 51 candidates that are
politicians in the mold of Bernie
Sanders that's exactly what we call for
that's exactly what we wanted when we
looked at the disaster that was the 2016
election where a corporate democrat lost
to a neo-fascist monster who was a
reality star so now no excuse no excuse
get out there get involved let's [ __ ]
do this thing and just so everybody
knows I take no salary for justice
Democrats jank you your co-founder takes
no salary for justice Democrats joi Koch
chakrabarti former top Bernie Sanders
campaign official take no salary for
justice Democrats we I don't want it
because it's not about that it has
nothing to do with me it has to do with
the philosophy that we're pushing for
here we want to make America a thriving
social democratic system that has
Medicare for all has free College has a
living wage does a new New Deal gives
people jobs fixes our country and now we
have the candidates that are fighting
for us that are right on the issues so
donate the link is the first link in the
video description box we absolutely need
it because now listen man I'd never
envisioned it would get this big just as
Democrats we have 51 candidate how do
you even [ __ ] keep track of 51
candidate it's [ __ ] crazy how how do
we do that
well turns out there's just as many pee
people out there as us who really care
about this stuff and say listen this is
no-holds-barred son we're going all in
we're gonna throw everything we got at
the establishment because we know we
need populist left candidates we know we
need to fix this system so we can't sit
on our ass anymore because then we won't
be able to sleep at night knowing we
didn't do everything we could have done
well now we are gonna do everything so
get involved get involved in a campaign
make phone calls knock on doors donate
time donate money we got to win this
thing man
we have to win I want to win every
single race I want to win every race so
let's try I can't imagine a better slate
of candidates let's go do it
