what's up [ __ ] so I just tried to do
a live stream before just like a random
shooting the [ __ ] kind of live stream
but come to find out live streaming is
not as easy as you might think it is so
I'm thinking we all go to the back end
of the YouTube channel you click two or
three buttons and boom you're live it
turns out that's wrong wrong wrong so I
tried that and then it hits me with
you've got to get this thing called OBS
and so then I got OBS and then I go to
do the test run and it's like not
showing me and it's a massive lag and
then it also says who are you want to do
with other encoding options and I'm like
what the [ __ ] does encoding even mean
and then it says something about Google
Hangouts I'm like why are you talking
about Google Hangouts now I'm trying to
do a YouTube livestream and I just got
this thing OBS that I thought would let
me do a YouTube livestream it's just
nothing's [ __ ] easy
it's like it's like a life it's so easy
when you're sitting there and looking at
somebody else's life you're like oh I
know how to fix that person's situation
dude listen all you got to do is and
then you give them the advice but then
when it's your own you're like what the
[ __ ] do I do here you would think like
something as simple as live streaming on
YouTube say will you just click a
[ __ ] button and you go it's like no
you there's [ __ ] keys and codes and
you got a [ __ ] approve it through
three bureaucratic boards
so anyway I decided to I decided to do
it the old-fashioned way which is just
tweet that I want to talk to you and
have you ask me questions so that's what
I did and now we're gonna go through
some of the questions here how's that
sound
do you even lift bro from regular dude
uh yes I do
I used to lift a lot bro
but now I've been I've been slacking for
years I've been slacking I feel like
most people go through this is made up
but I feel like most people go through a
gym phase you know in their 20s at some
point or their late teens and then
they're they stick with that for a while
and then after a while they're like what
am i doing I'm just lifting heavy [ __ ]
so I've been out of the gym game on the
regular basis for a while every now and
then I get a burst of oh I'll do it for
whatever 2 months or whatever then you
fall off but to answer your question I
do even lift bro and also I got it we
got to try to get a thing going I mean I
don't know how many of you guys would
want to join me but we were talking
about this on Kyle and Koren we got to
give give each other the the feedback
and the and the mental boost and the
positive reinforcement to start on
January 1st with some of this stuff cuz
I'm down for that
I like to draw a clean line okay now
we're in 2018 and then 28 from here on
we're not [ __ ] around guys we're
gonna everybody's gonna we're gonna have
a good diet we're gonna work out you
know however many days a week whatever
you can have in your schedule but that's
what I'm gonna do January 1st It's A
Wrap son I say that but then by January
14th I'll be like anyway let's pretend
like January 1st didn't even happen
we're done mm-hm Leon asks Leon is
Nintendo he does all the kyln corn
everybody go file but follow him on
Twitter and by the way just so everybody
knows if you do follow him you get the
Kyle and corns like a little bit earlier
just so you know that's because that's
you know they are released on secular
talk but they are pre released if you
will from Leon so he asks who are the
top 20 right-wing [ __ ] on Twitter in
your opinion good googly moogly I don't
know Leon that's a tough question now
you're asking specifically about Twitter
here which actually makes the question
harder because then some are kind of
eliminated right some right-wing
[ __ ]
eliminated because it's not like
michaelsavage the right-wing radio host
is on twitter at least I don't think he
is so I don't know but I do know that
Ben Shapiro is a dick you know I read a
great takedown in fact you know what
while we're here while we're on my
Twitter feed let's go let's go find it I
tweeted it earlier today let's see sorry
phone's going off here you go so this
guy Nathan J Robinson he wrote a great
article one on ben shapiro another one
lessons from Chomsky the one on Chomsky
it's brilliant and it puts into words
thoughts about Chomsky that I've had but
I haven't really been able to express so
you know Chomsky was a big influence on
me I read a lot of his stuff and Nathan
J Robinson really kind of explains to me
almost why I like Chomsky and so I
recommend this article lessons from
Chomsky and current affairs so check
that out if you have the time it's a
long read but I thought it was worth it
sorry for the lag e speed here this is a
shitty um this was a shitty laptop
lessons from Chomsky very very good
piece but he also wrote the cool kids
philosopher and this is about Ben
Shapiro now as I said in the tweet here
I disagree with and I'm confused by
certain parts here and there in this
article but overall it is a [ __ ]
vicious and pretty good and accurate
takedown of Ben Shapiro now I'm gonna
warn you guys up front you have to get
over the almost
the self-righteous smug indignant tone
of the guy who wrote it but because he
wrote it it's almost like he's writing
to people who are already inclined to
agree
so if you're already inclined to agree
then you're gonna digest this article
easily but if you're not then it's gonna
it'll feel you know it feels a little
gross at times because of how he phrases
it like here let's just read the first
part here it's easy to laugh as some of
us do at the phrase conservative
intellectual like right there people
some people are already gonna be like
well [ __ ] this guy but I mean I tend to
agree with them on that point when the
most prominent public spokesman for
their rights ideas include Miley
innopolis charles Murray and Dinesh
D'Souza one might conclude that the
movement does not have anything serious
to offer beyond feminism as cancer black
people are dumb and Democrats are Nazis
those are as I understand at the central
intellectual contributions of Milo
innopolis Marion to suit and D'Souza
respectively so like you get the sense
that he's a little bit flippant in in
like how he's introducing it here but
this is a long read but when you get
into the meat of it it's actually
anything but that he's anything but like
super flippant he really really died sex
Ben Shapiro and you know what he is
because basically the gist of it is
listen he talks really fast and he
himself is kind of smarmy and smug and
condescending and he uses a lot of like
logical fallacies as he gets into in
this piece
but there when you really dig deep
there's nothing there's no there there
like he has some really unbelievably
shitty and odious ideas that it's
amazing that he's even having this
moment where he's like really popular so
anyway check that out if you get the
time but I want to show you the other
Ben Shapiro tweet that I had the other
day because again this is one of those
moments where I think unmasks
Shapiro for what his ideology is it's an
old tweet it's from 2010
but it it really just [ __ ] shows what
this guy's all about and how he might
try to put some layers over it today and
might try to add a little more nuance to
his take today but look at this look at
this Israelis like to build Arabs like
to bomb crap and live in open sewage
this is not a difficult issue hashtag
settlements Rock are you [ __ ] kidding
me that's one of the dumbest tweets I've
ever read in my life
can you imagine typing that and thinking
you make sense and then somehow get
getting a movement that thinks you're
some sort of genius so I'm sort of a
brilliant thinker
hashtag settlement rock so in other
words yeah when we you know when
Israelis occupy the Palestinians
illegally under international law when
they do brazen land grabs it doesn't
count it doesn't count when we violate
international law doesn't count it's
totally cool because you know we're
inherently superior they're inherently
inferior and you know the Arabs they
like to bomb crap and live in open
sewage this is like the definition of
bigotry I couldn't if you you couldn't
have a computer give you a better tweet
that's just like here this is what
bigotry looks like so and then also just
players Arabs like to bomb crap right so
that's what he says there what do we
have here oops u.s. bombed Iraq Syria
Pakistan Afghanistan Libya Yemen Somalia
in 2016
why did the u.s. drop 26,000 171 bombs
on the world last year it doesn't count
doesn't count it doesn't count when
Israelis violate international law it
doesn't count when the u.s. violates
international law it doesn't count when
we kill civilians doesn't
but you know those [ __ ] Arabs those
Arabs and you know how they are a
[ __ ] violent bomb and [ __ ] and living
living in open sewage and in that
current affairs article there's such a
great point they're like it's funny how
this this guy who thinks he's such an
intellectual if he were to see somewhere
like a story about how there are
Palestinians living in open sewage it's
like he pawns that off to the inherent
nature of somebody who's Arab as opposed
to I don't know maybe the fact that
they're under occupation and there
aren't that many supplies that are
allowed into Gaza and you know they've
kind of been starved from the outside by
the Israelis and like hey maybe it's not
like they're choosing to live in open
sewage for the ones who are you [ __ ]
jackass but anyway I'm sorry Leon I'm
not gonna get into the top 20 um I had a
little voice crack there it's like I'm
still a boy in puberty I'm not gonna get
into the top twenty shitty conservatives
but I will tell you Ben Shapiro nowadays
is kind of high on my list steven
crowder has always been high on my list
too because steven crowder he thinks
Hitler's a liberal
[Music]
oh it's not Stephen like that uh Stephen
like this steven crowder Hitler is
liberal let's see unbelievable look from
his own website in case you think that's
his own video in case you think we're
straw Manning here this isn't all his
own website louder with Crowder myth
busted actually yes Hitler was a
socialist liberal I'm steven crowder and
I defy anything I don't like as being
liberal yeah anything that's bad that's
ever happened is the fault of the
Liberals yeah I'm so young and edgy and
cool I'm adult enough to be able to
acknowledge the [ __ ] people who are
on the Left who are monsters look at
Steven Crowder look at what he does he's
he's fundamentally incapable of
admitting that any you know historical
barbarian any obviously negative
character in history is a right-winger
because he's has to protect I have to
protect my sweet sweet right-wingers
it's part of my narrative is part of my
narrative I can't ever admit fault on my
side which is why you're a [ __ ]
jackass and it's amazing and by the way
dude chill with the I mean okay now I'm
being a dick but it he's I'm telling you
he's got issues look at this look at
this steven crowder in dress I'm not
just saying this to be a douche although
I am being a douche but steven crowder
finds an excuse every two and a half
weeks to dress up as a woman and look
man I mean I kind of feel bad for the
guy in one sense because he obviously
has some sort of deep-seated issue where
like he he's like trans on some level
like he wants to be a woman on some
level but he doesn't he's so invested in
acting like transgenderism doesn't exist
her it's some sort of mental disorder or
something
that he he would never allow himself to
be happy and then become trans but I
swear I've seen how and even his own
fans have noticed this and been like she
had Manuel I you keep doing this you
keep you keep finding excuses to dress
up like a woman
so look I'm not dude I believe in
freedom you can do whatever the [ __ ] you
want to do but I just find it weird
because it strikes me like he's kind of
being like those Republican politicians
who are super anti-gay and they run on
family values and you know they act like
they act like being gay is evil and
wrong and terrible and immoral and then
they get caught blowing some dude in a
New Jersey Turnpike bathroom well that's
what happens I mean Crowder strikes me
as he bashes transgenderism all the time
but somehow there's a thousand pictures
of him dressed as a woman online so I'll
leave it at that I'll let you guys draw
your own conclusions but yeah I don't
know there's something going on there I
I think there's something going on there
but anyway so a ben shapiro steven
crowder some of the worst right-wingers
on twitter joe walsh is pretty bad he's
a former congressman and he says stupid
[ __ ] all the time but i don't know i
don't know about all the worst ones on
twitter there's a bunch of shitty ones
oh here we go look at this Drizzy drew
by the way he does the secular talk
animated series so if you go follow him
you will get those sooner just so you
know if you go follow him you'll get
those sooner so that's so these are
little tricks of the secular talk trade
if you want to like get the secular talk
animated early you want to give Kyle out
of context early you follow
Drizzy drew you could copy it from right
here and you follow Leon Nintendo okay
let's see what else we got oh I didn't
even answer his question the ass man
test marry Boff kill me I think it's
will say [ __ ] marry kill right what
why'd he put Boff is that a
typo or do I not know the cool new lingo
Jennifer Lopez Kim Kardashian Beyonce
okay sorry Jennifer Lopez I'm gonna have
to kill you mm-hmm and the reason the
reason I say that j.lo and her prime is
like a 1 for me okay but she's older now
she still looks amazing
but she lost that defining [ __ ] like
flawless booty in my opinion I mean
she's still absolutely gorgeous
drop-dead gorgeous but she had that like
no-holds-barred like famous ass world
famous ass it was so nice but now it's
like smaller and she's older and she's
more fit now than she is thick you know
what I mean
so Jennifer Lopez gonna have to get rid
of you sorry I'll marry Beyonce just
because she seems like her I don't know
if she seems like a really good person
she doesn't seem like an obviously
shitty person
um I feel like me and her would get
along on a lot on a lot of stuff like
politics wise probably but maybe not I
don't know Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian
[ __ ] Beyonce kill well go with that no
no wait what did I say
a Beyonce marry I'm sorry Jennifer Lopez
kill Beyonce marry because I think we'd
get along the best and Kim Kardashian
[ __ ] okay what are your thoughts on the
Laurier University TA story okay so
that's for those you who don't know
that's um a a woman who actually hold on
one second I want to respond to this
text real quick
okay um where was I
what are your thoughts on this Laurie a
TA scandal sorry I'm pouring a drink in
the background here well your thoughts
on the Laurier University ta story so
what happened with that is there was a
basically like an assistant teacher who
played a clip of a debate on gender
pronouns in a class that was on grammar
and I guess the like the brass at the
school figured out about it or heard
about it because one student complained
or something like so I guess the
principal or whoever called
his teacher's assistant into their
office and then they kind of like told
her like this is not acceptable you
can't play that clip and she's like why
can I not play it because it was a
debate between Jordan Peterson and
somebody else about the use of gender
pronouns like you know and they
basically said to her listen this is
like you're debating something that's
not debatable this is like debating
climate change it exists to try to teach
the other side of it is not it's not
legitimate it's like trying to teach
both sides of evolution well there's
really not two sides of evolution so no
you can't do that so I don't agree on
this one with the principal because I
think that the issue that they were
debating actually was debatable because
it's not so Jordan Peterson I disagree
when he says oh I'm no I'm not gonna
call trans people by what they want to
be called so that's just you being a
dick that's not like a free speech issue
I mean you have the right if you want to
to call somebody who's a transgender
woman a man or something like you could
do that but you're just a dick you're
not it's not like you're some sort of
brave hero or something like oh I'm
gonna be a dick to this person who's
already experienced a lot in their life
and or going through a lot it's like wow
okay
but there are other issues in the in the
in the pronoun realm that I think are
open
for debate like like Z with X I and
stuff like using that as some sort of
like oh you need to call this person by
that because they don't want to be
affiliated with like either gender so
you call them Z well no that's not like
it appears to me like Society has not
said okay we're all down with that so
it's almost like it's kind of made up
very recently so I think of course it's
still debatable
so if that's what they were what she was
showing in class and by the way the the
teacher's assistant said I don't even
agree with Jordan Peterson I just
thought that this was good to get the
class interested so that we can then go
on to talk about gendered pronouns and I
don't think she's wrong about that I
actually agree with the principles the
principle on the broader question the
broader question being you know hey are
some things not debatable well the
answer is of course you're not going to
teach both sides of math like Oh teach 2
plus 2 equals 4 and 2 plus 2 equals 22
that's [ __ ] that's false equivalence
that's relativism it's just nonsense the
same thing with climate change same
thing on a bunch of issues that I think
the right would insist are debatable
even though they're not debatable but on
this one I actually think there's a
discussion to be had and then it gets
the whole Jordan Peterson thing gets
even more complicated because Jordan
Peterson like okay so I think he's
overrated and he has some really goofy
ideas he thinks porn is terrible and bad
for people and he's he's religious and
you know all this stuff and he's a dick
when he says I'm not gonna call trans
people by their you know their preferred
pronoun but then also he was fighting
against like this arbitrary human rights
code or something in Canada that said
like I don't I don't want to [ __ ] up the
story so I hope I'm being totally
accurate without presenting this but it
was like in the Human Rights Code that
