Bernie Sanders went on CNN and was asked
about Trump's tax plan and he put on a
clinic and how to message and go on the
offense I understand you're not a you're
not a fan of the tax bill you don't like
the large corporate tax cut and you're
not happy with the tax cuts for the
wealthy but according to the Tax Policy
Center next year ninety-one percent of
middle income Americans will receive a
tax cut isn't that a good thing yeah it
is a very good thing and that's why we
should have made the tax breaks for the
middle class a permanent but what the
Republicans did is made the tax breaks
for corporations permanent the tax
breaks for the middle class temporary
and according to the Tax Policy Center
that same organization at the end of ten
years eighty three percent of the
benefits go to the top one percent sixty
percent of the benefits go to the top
one-tenth of one percent meanwhile at
the end of ten years well over 80
million Americans will be paying more in
taxes 13 million Americans as a result
of this legislation are going to lose
their health insurance health care
premiums are going up we got a one point
four trillion dollar deficit as a result
of this bill and Paul Ryan is going
around saying oh we have to offset that
deficit by cutting Social Security
Medicare and Medicaid to answer your
questions should we have focused on the
needs of the middle class we should have
but the bulk of the benefits in this
legislation go to large profitable
corporations and to millionaires and
billionaires I want to ask you how you
view the election of your newest
colleague senator elect Doug Jones do
you think that this is part of a blue
wave or is this just a one-off because
of the horrific allegations against Rory
Moore well of course why Moore was not a
strong candidate that goes without
saying but if you look at this election
if you look at the election of November
7th what you're seeing all across this
people all across this country are
people catching on to the fact that
Donald Trump ran for president saying
that he was going to defend the interest
of the working class in middle class and
it turned out he lied you have a
president who told us that he was going
to provide health care to everybody then
he proposed the
thirty million people being thrown off
of health insurance his tax plan was
going to benefit the middle class the
bulk of the benefits go to the rich and
large corporations he was gonna take on
the drug companies and then he appoints
the guy to head the Health and Human
Services Agency who comes from the drug
companies etc etc so I think what you
are seeing is a referendum on Donald
Trump about a man who said one thing
during the campaign and his actions are
very very difficult different he wanted
to drain the swamp well it looks like
the swamp now is more billionaires in
his administration than any president in
American history
so I think the what we're seeing in
Alabama what we're seeing in Virginia
New Jersey and it states all across this
country a large voter turnouts where
people standing up and fighting back and
demanding that we have a government that
represents all of us not just the 1% if
I were the Republicans I would worry
very much about 2018 and what I'm gonna
be doing is doing everything that I can
to rally working people and young people
to develop policies that protect workers
and the middle class not just
corporations and billionaire that was
very well done the Democrats should take
notes and just do exactly what Bernie
Sanders is doing there because that's
how you message and you mark it properly
and you know he dared to be nuanced
there at the beginning and he's feeling
the heat over it because what people do
many corporate Democrats have taken that
out of context when Jake Tapper Assam oh
is it our our the Trump tack cuts a good
thing for the middle class and he's like
yes so many corporate Democrats have
taken that out of context and they're
using that to smear Bernie Republicans
as well are taking that out of context
and using that to smear Bernie in fact
the RNC released a statement said
something ridiculous like the Grinch
turns into Sanders Claus and is happy
with tax cuts for the middle class from
our tax bill well first of all wait a
second you you're saying he was the
Grinch and now he's Sanders Claus
because he's giving you tax cuts because
he's okay with tax cuts for the middle
class but didn't you used to smear
as being Santa Claus before by
pretending like oh he's in favor of free
college and free healthcare so he wants
to give people all this free stuff so
he's like Santa Claus and oh my god
isn't that so pie in the sky
you know unicorn fairy dust nonsense and
we should be against Santa Claus here we
should be against Bernie Sanders acting
as Santa Claus use this Mirim like that
now when you think the argument of Santa
Claus makes sense in your favor you say
he was the Grinch now he's you know
Sanders Claus and that's a good thing
that he's Sanders Claus just their
messaging they don't know what the [ __ ]
they're doing I don't know let me fling
mud against the wall and hope it sticks
but corporate Democrats and Republicans
are Republicans are going to see all our
tax such array even Bernie Sanders loves
it well Bernie Sanders voted against the
bill of course so why are you not
putting the rest of the context in there
and for the corporate Democrats trying
to smear him they're trying to say he's
too Pro Bernie so definitely don't go
with Bernie Sanders in 2020 go with some
corporate Democrat because they don't
they don't they can't actually defeat
Bernie corporate Democrats can't defeat
Bernie by having a real honest
discussion about their policies versus
his policies so the only way to fight in
that situation is smear the guy I don't
know just say likes Trump's tax plan
boom there you go so he was daring to be
nuanced and of course he was raked over
the coals for it but when his real
argument was is yeah the middle-class
tax cuts are great those should be
permanent but you have to decouple them
from the tax cuts for corporations and
the rich and of course they didn't do
that they made the the tax cuts for
corporations and the rich permanent and
you know the ones for the middle class
there's a sunset provision on them and a
decade out you're gonna have what 80% of
the the benefits go to the top one
percent sixty percent of the benefits go
to the top point one percent so this is
this is class warfare that's what this
bill is they'll that they do and they
say oh we're gonna come back and make
these tax cuts permanent for the middle
class
yeah sure this is what they always say
man they always have something they
could spin it you know they act like oh
don't worry we're gonna cut corporate
taxes but
get rid of all the loopholes so that
therefore the corporate tax rates
basically gonna be about the same well
then why not just keep the [ __ ] tax
rate the same because they're lying they
don't want to actually keep the tax rate
the same they want to keep the loopholes
in and lower the rate so that they pay
an even significantly lower rate so this
is the this is the nonsense this is the
[ __ ] that's coming from the right on
this so I agree with Bernie too by the
way I've often said on this show I've
never met a middle-class tax cut I don't
like and you know Ted Cruz was trying to
smear Bernie he was saying like oh okay
Bernie then vote with me to make it
permanent it's like no Ted again you're
not getting it Bernie saying I like the
middle-class tax cuts we should have if
we want it to vote on that on their own
I'd vote yes but you're adding in with
it you know doubling the estate tax in
the sense that it used to be five
million and above when this for the
state tax to apply you now it's 11
million and above a reduction of the
corporate tax rate from thirty five
percent to twenty one percent there's so
many ways in which you just [ __ ] hand
barrels of cash to the rich and this is
class warfare on the middle class of
course he's not going to vote for that
part of it so you know Ted Cruz acts
like me I like tacit tax cuts for
everybody me okay but the American
people don't
the American people want to act cuts for
the middle class but not for the rich in
corporations
Ted the main part that Ted loves is for
the rich and corporations and then you
know the the second point that Bernie
made there is a very important point
which is he's putting everything in
context about Trump he's arguing listen
this guy turned his back on the middle
class this is the guy who said I'm not
gonna outsource your jobs you know we're
gonna keep the jobs here NAFTA was
stupid TPP is stupid you know I'm not
gonna cut Medicare Medicaid Social
Security this is what Trump said you
know he made these arguments on the
campaign trail well guess what now
that's the next trick the Republicans
passed this tax bill adding 1.4 trillion
dollars to the deficit then Paul Ryan he
already did it turns around the next
week and goes oh look at this [ __ ]
deficit we got to attack this deficit so
we got it I mean we got a reform
title mints which means cut entitlements
and anytime you hear those words
reformed in your mind immediately go to
cut cuz that's what they're saying
they say reformed to take the sting out
of what they want to actually do which
is cut it so you know hey guys you could
have just not increased the deficit and
then you wouldn't have to turn around
and go oh we got to cut entitlements but
no that was the whole point the whole
point was we don't care about the
deficit adding to the deficit it doesn't
bother us at all when it's for tax cuts
for corporations in the rich and this is
what we wanted to do all along was cut
Social Security and Medicare so that's
what we're gonna do
and remember Trump said I'm not gonna do
it Bernie's done this where he's gone on
the the Senate floor and he's shown
Trump's tweets on this Trump did like
you know there's a tweet for everything
is what everybody's saying now and
they're right there's like 10 different
tweets where Trump like I will never
like Mike Huckabee copied me by saying
he's not gonna cut Medicare and Social
Security I was the first Republican to
say that but Donald Trump is a liar and
he did turn his back on the middle class
I mean he said I'm not gonna outsource
your jobs well guess what the last year
under Obama there were 87 thousand US
jobs that were exported under Trump's
first year 93 thousand so there was an
increase in outsourcing jobs for mr.
made in America I'm not gonna outsource
jobs tremendous unbelievable I mean and
we shouldn't be surprised because this
is a guy whose own products are made
overseas so what's he gonna go in there
I'm really gonna fight for the American
people
you didn't even fight for the American
people when it was your own company now
you want to you know pass legislation
that forces everybody to keep the jobs
in the US you're not gonna do that and
he didn't do that
so I think Bernie's much more effective
at tearing down Trump than any other you
know national politician I mean of
course like ROH Khanna he's superb at it
and there's a few others but you can
count them on one or two hands because
what Bernie can do is he can actually
disagree on the policy front whereas
with so many of these Democrats you get
just teeth las' [ __ ] arguments like a
Russia your Putin's puppy
you did treason what and they'll you
know they'll say impeachment we're gonna
impeach and then you go okay well number
one what for exactly and then they just
give you kind of vague stuff they don't
tell you exactly what for and then
number two how are you gonna impeach
when the overwhelming majority the house
is our Republicans Hagan impeach so it's
like you're chasing your own tail I'm
resisting
I think impeachments a good idea instead
of yelping about [ __ ] impeachment and
rush all the time and instead of arguing
against like you remember Trump did is a
few times he's been in the middle of a
speech and he goes to sip some water and
he doesn't like a toddler he takes two
[ __ ] things and he's like hold you
from both sides like a kid would and you
know they'll talk about that all day CNN
host what's-his-face Cuomo Chris Cuomo
yeah I think that's his name he was like
he did a segment where he might where he
mocks that it's like but this is how
they resist and then they'll turn around
and agree with his Jerusalem move like
anything policy wise and it's mild
resistance sometimes agreement but then
on everything not related to policy
that's when they really dawn rush drop
when Paige went mm-hm
but Bernie can go out there and say
listen this guy's a liar and he's
screwing you over a thousand ways to
Sunday he's outsourcing your jobs their
next move is they're gonna come for your
Social Security and your Medicare they
have rich tax cuts out the wazoo when
Trump was the guy who said I'm gonna
raise taxes on hedge funds he did argue
that so but he lied he [ __ ] lied
you're gonna listen to a guy who calls
himself anti-establishment and then
appoints multiple Goldman Sachs workers
to his administration you have the
[ __ ] Treasury secretary and his top
economic adviser
these are Goldman Sachs lackeys and
guess what they're crafting you know tax
proposals that benefit Goldman Sachs so
and this is the guy who argue against
Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton saying
they're bought by Goldman Sachs and Wall
Street and then he appoints them
directly to his administration now
Hillary was horrible with
street of course but even she would have
known you don't [ __ ] pick the
president of Goldman Sachs to be in your
administration just like you don't pick
the CEO of ExxonMobil to be your
Secretary of State you at least have one
layer of removal one degree of removal
from the corruption you at least go with
the guy who was in government but his
best friends with the Exxon Mobil person
or the Goldman Sachs person you don't
immediately go to the person because
then everybody goes oh [ __ ] this is all
a [ __ ] scam and they're all just
trying to screw us over so it got it's
so amazing he said he doesn't case turns
back on everything he says it really is
amazing how he's he has no shame none
whatsoever
held she'll just turn around but you
know that's we again we shouldn't be
surprised this is the guy who was saying
he was gonna jail Hillary during the
debates like in his first week in office
he's like yeah I'm not gonna he said
like I'm gonna have a special prosecutor
look into her during the debates way
after he got elected oh oh yeah I'm not
gonna do that we're not gonna try to
jail Hillary because he just he says
anything he will say [ __ ] anything so
Bernie showing the real way to resist
and everybody who wants to defeat Trump
should hop on board the way to do this
is to focus on the specific policy
disagreements because you don't need to
sell the American people short you know
he said well we got a frame at a
different way because they might not get
it no they [ __ ] get it if you point
it's not hard to figure that out oh look
he X he outsourced 93 thousand jobs when
he say he wasn't gonna outsource jobs
that's even more than Obama that's not
hard to get people can see that people
can [ __ ] see that so this is how you
defeat him and this is why Bernie
Sanders without a doubt is the
front-runner on the Democratic side for
2020
