so let's talk a little bit about Sam
cedar Sam cedar just got fired from
MSNBC he was a contributor there now you
know I'm pretty sure I don't need to
even add all these caveats but
nonetheless I will I'm not a big fan of
MSNBC in fact I think in recent years
they've become absolutely terrible
they're basically the propaganda arm of
the Democratic Party Fox News is the
propaganda arm of the Republican Party
in CNN you know carries water for the
establishment across the board for the
Democratic Party and the Republican
Party and they do their old school
neutrality bias but you know MSNBC they
suck their bed and it's you understand
that it's not the same thing as MSNBC
does not have a progressive bias or a
liberal bias or a left-wing bias because
if you're a news outlet and you are
conservative or you're liberal or you're
anywhere on the spectrum that's fine you
can have an ideological perspective but
my beef with MSNBC is that they're the
Democratic Party apologists so in other
words when the Democrats go right-wing
and when they're massively corporatists
MSNBC is there to pretend like that's
not the case and to say no no this is as
far left as you can go is just standard
Democrat line so I'm not a big fan MSNBC
now Sam cedar you know he's part of the
t whitey Network on part of the TYT
Network we've both been for years even
though that's the case I've had a grand
total of zero conversations with Sam
cedar I have you know no relationship or
line of communication with him
whatsoever and you know truth be told he
kind of in the last year or so has gone
after Jimmy Dore quite a bit now Jimmy
Dore is
is a friend of mine he's also part of
the TYT Network and you know Sam cedar
has basically said about jimmy dore he
he opposes the fact that in his mind
jimmy dore has done a full false
equivalence between Hillary Clinton and
Donald Trump and you know Jimmy couldn't
bring himself to vote for Hillary
Clinton and he votes if we continued to
argue against Hillary Clinton even after
the primary so I think Sam took issue
with that and he has repeatedly and
aggressively gone after Jimmy door so
all this being said basically what I'm
trying to do is set the table here and
say I don't really know the guy I don't
really know if I like him he's been a
little douchey to a friend of mine Jimmy
Dore and I think he's kind of
mischaracterized some of his arguments
but the reason he got fired was complete
and utter [ __ ] so here's why he was
fired this is a tweet of his from 2009
don't care regarding Polanski but I hope
if my daughter has ever raped it is by
an older truly talented man with a great
sense of I'm not even gonna try to
pronounce that Meese on scene I have a
feeling that the scene is pronounced
weird because it's you know my song-song
or whatever the [ __ ] but anyway what
he's doing here is he's mocking people
on the Left who were defending child
rapist Roman Polanski so I mean and it's
actually pretty obvious because I'm not
sure there's a single person on earth
who would want to see their daughter
raped so like to say I hope if my
daughter is raped like the guy who does
it has talent
it's obviously satire and Sam you know
did a segment where he spoke about how
I'm being attacked by people on the far
right and they're mischaracterizing this
tweet
and here's the rest of the context at
the time that this tweet was sent out
there was some sort of a [ __ ]
petition or list or whatever to allow
Polanski back in the country and not
arrest them and all that [ __ ] so Sam is
attacking those people who are flippant
about a child rapist but MSNBC said we
don't care we don't want it we don't
want to hear any dissent or any trouble
or any rumblings online about how we're
defending somebody who said something
that we don't like so we're just gonna
[ __ ] it just you know close your eyes
cover your ears just say go away fired
Sam go away the person who's responsible
for bringing this tweet back up to try
to smear Sam is this guy Mike Serna
[ __ ] this guy is a clown of a human
being I mean he's he's an absolute joke
he's a you know far right-wing guy he
was big-time on the Trump train and he's
just a weirdo he's like semi conspiracy
theorist obvious idiot so here's the
part of this that gets under my skin
more than anything else I tweeted this
so Sam cedar gets fired over a joke but
idiot far right wingers like Serna vich
portray themselves as anti PC police
snowflake fighting free speech warriors
[ __ ] you Mike you [ __ ] loathsome
smear merchant because that's what he is
either he's an idiot
and he didn't realize that this wasn't a
joke or he realized that but he didn't
care and he wanted to smear him to get a
left-winger fired
so that tweet encapsulates exactly how I
feel about this the same people who
cloak themselves in the Constitution in
the First Amendment and shriek from the
rooftops
that all they care about their so
principal than all we care about is free
speech and in the fridge change of ideas
and then the second they think they can
get somebody on the left for something
taken out of context that they find
offensive
they like cackling hyenas over a carcass
they call for this person to get fired
it is as hypocritical as could possibly
be now the plot thickens
Cassandra Fairbanks see right here the
tweet that was at me Cassandra Fairbanks
she's a interesting character she
supported Bernie Sanders in the primary
then she went full-on Trump train
afterwards now listen if you're somebody
who supported Bernie and then you
couldn't bring yourself to vote at all
in the general election I I can
understand that I don't agree with you
but I get where you're coming from if
you're somebody who voted for Bernie and
then said even as far I'm gonna vote for
Gary Johnson okay I think is a little
weird but I still kinda see where you're
coming from if you voted for Jill Stein
I definitely see where you're coming
from I'm in New York I voted for Jill
Stein now I said a million times if I
wasn't in New York if I was in a what
could be a swing state I would have
sucked it up and voted for Hillary but
bottom line is if you went from voting
for Bernie to nobody I get it if you
went from voting for Bernie to Jill I
get it if you went from voting for
Bernie to Gary Johnson I barely get that
one but I still kind of get it if you
went from going to Bernie to sucking it
up and voting for Hillary I get it but
if you went from Bernie to Trump I don't
get it you're just wrong you just like
went to an ideology that's like the
polar opposite because even the most
charitable interpretation of Trump's
campaign would be okay maybe he's a
little bit economically populist like he
won't do trade deals but at the same
time he says he wants to lower wages he
literally said that in debate in a
debate that wages are too high and then
of course there's the open imperialism I
mean you know Trump was calling for
taking out their families which means
killing civilians in the Middle East on
purpose talking about killing of
families of Isis he opened
called for torture so there's no like to
go from Bernie to Trump is like what
it's just it's just like really really
really dim and it shows you're not
really a deep thinker but anyway she
said oh look the left finally cares
about free speech now that it's a joke
about pedophilia I find by the way that
multiple right-wingers came at me with
this when I tweeted against Serna [ __ ]
and it's [ __ ] hilarious because it
does it doesn't doesn't take much for me
to prove these idiots wrong I have
segments where I defended my LOI
innopolis free speech
I have segments defending ben shapiro
and steven crowder in fact i make a
point of doing segments defending the
speech of people i disagree with
why because i'm principled and because i
actually care about this issue i don't
want people d platform i don't want
people censored i don't want people
fired over jokes you know i don't want
even if they have genuinely odious
opinions so i tweeted back at her here
we go again hi Cassandra here's the the
left me defending my low speech I
defended across the board now you send
me your defense of left wingers on free
speech grounds by the way haven't heard
back from her yet by the way Paul Joseph
Watson also you know became at me
originally and said well I understand
why MSNBC fired him the joke and he put
that in quotation marks was about child
rape well to Paul Joseph Watson's credit
he's by the way the prison planet guy
who's in affiliate with Alex Jones he
did flip and he he tweeted support for
Sam cedar after I showed him the context
number one that it was a joke but also
said to him look even if it wasn't a
joke the whole point of caring about
free speech which Paul Joseph Watson you
know he makes a big thing about that he
says it's like a defining feature of his
ideology the whole [ __ ] point of it
is to defend people who you personally
find odious it's so easy for all of us
to just [ __ ] go out there when we
agree with somebody and talk about free
speech free speech free speech the real
test of your principles is are you going
to apply
in the tough situations and then by the
way for Cassandra to say oh look the
left finally cares about free speech now
that it's jokes about pedophiles
actually no Cassandra the ACLU which is
generally regarded as a pretty left
organization they've defended in court
neo-nazis they're defending milo in
court right now
you know glenn greenwald same thing
super consistent on his stance with
speech
TJ kirk consistent on his stance with on
free speech you know even a guy like
janky augur of the young turks he's done
segments defending ben shapiro and when
there were people on the social justice
warrior authoritarian left trying to get
ben shapiro to not speak at a college
Genki ogre did a segment saying no i
don't agree with that um so it's just
not true when they tried oh now you care
about his speech no I've cared about it
all along which is why I did segments
defending my law why I always make a
point to defend people who I despise
they on the other hand do not with the
exception of course of Paul Joseph
Watson who originally was kind of on the
fences if not against Sam cedar and then
we flipped him by showing him the
context of it now it gets even funnier
look at this Mike Stern of itch blocked
me when he read my tweet that absolutely
owned his punk ass this one okay he saw
this tweet and insta block insta block
and then look at this next one here look
at this I reported this tweet for
targeted harassment do not reply to it
friends it's what they want they play
the victim reported as reported as it's
harassment of me and inciting harassment
are you [ __ ] kidding me
so in other words I attack this guy for
being a little snowflake snowflake Serna
[ __ ] are your feelings hurt are you
twig
do you need a safe space I attack was
being snowflake and then he instantly
proves my point
by the way I've literally blocked zero
people on Twitter I've literally
reported zero people on Twitter and the
number of people I've gotten fired over
a joke zero mic Tsarevich instant
instable locked me and then instantly
tried to get me if banned from Twitter
or suspended simply for calling him an
idiot right winger and a loathsome smear
merchant and for accurately pointing out
that he's the right wing PC police he's
a social injustice warrior he is a
snowflake by the way that's the new
that's the new name for Mike Serna [ __ ]
snowflake Serna [ __ ] snowflake
sorowitsch he gets so sad when you
called him out on his hypocrisy and he
literally got a lefty fired for a joke
he got somebody fired for an
out-of-context joke from 2009 I don't
want to hear another [ __ ] word from
these hypocrites on the far right about
free speech or the First Amendment and
by the way to be clear I understand that
this is not about the legal the legality
of the First Amendment this isn't an
actual this isn't actually about the law
that's clear I understand that everybody
understands that because MSNBC has a
right to fire or hire anybody they want
for whatever reason or non reason they
want but it's about defending the
principle of it so this isn't about the
the legality of it it's about the
principle of it but the I've never seen
such bigger hypocrites and you know to
go back to the Cassandra Fairbanks one
for a second here let's say for a second
it was true that I was a hypocrite and I
had never defended right-wingers for
their speech
her answer in this in that situation is
still oh I guess I I want to be an equal
and opposite hypocrite because look
she's saying oh look the left finally
cares about free speech now that it's
but jokes about pedophilia but has she
said anything in favor of Sam cedar
saying hey look I think the left are
hypocrites on this but I just want
everybody to know I support Sam cedar
here because he got fired over and out
of context joke and that's [ __ ] up
nope she didn't say that at all so even
if it were true that I was a hypocrite
which obviously it's not cuz I've done
countless segments defending the free
speech of right-wingers what she's
saying here is a non-response what she's
saying here is I like being a hypocrite
as well just from the other angle so by
the way on Twitter hashtag snowflake
Serna [ __ ] like let's get this going
here and MSNBC shame on you shame on you
for capitulating just because some
idiots on the fringes of the Internet
are making hypocritical arguments and
taking [ __ ] out of context shame on you
for saying I don't want to have any
problems ever for any reason whatsoever
so I'm just gonna cover my eyes cover my
ears and say just fire him get rid of
Sam get rid of him
so um MSNBC should [ __ ] hire Sam
cedar right back immediately and again
you're talking to a guy I really have no
opinion of cedar haven't spoken to him
ever he's kind of been douchey to jimmy
dore i think he kind of is
mischaracterizing some of his arguments
whether that's on purpose or not
whatever but he shouldn't have been
fired for what he said what he said was
a joke and it was taking it taken out of
context and by the way even if he did
say something that would genuinely load
some I still don't think he should get
fired
I mean MSNBC has had on as contributors
literal roman polanski
[Music]
apologists and I think that's absolutely
odious and disgusting that they have
that opinion but by the way I still I'm
not gonna go out of my way to what try
to get those people fired I don't give a
[ __ ] they're [ __ ] and they're
[ __ ] rape apologists just like Serna
[ __ ] look at this one by the way how
ironic is it that this [ __ ] [ __ ] who
has [ __ ] like this in his past that he
said is trying to get other people fired
because he's offended by their jokes
have you guys ever tried raping a girl
without using force try it what what try
it Mike
try it it's basically impossible
date rape does not exist are you [ __ ]
kidding me so this is by the way an
opinion that's absolutely disgusting and
odious now am I gonna try to put
together a [ __ ] petition to get this
idiot fired from whatever dumbass
ventures he's engaged in right now but
you know whoever has employed this [ __ ]
am I gonna you know pile on and try to
get this guy fired from whatever he's
doing no because I'm not a load some
clown like he is I'm not trying to muck
up outrage to paying somebody's
livelihood over their head this guy look
this is a genuinely disgusting opinion
and he is literally a rape apologist
this is the definition of being a rape
apologist so you know what I'll do about
this I will call him a rape apologist
I'm not gonna start a petition to try to
get him fired I'm not gonna [ __ ] try
to ruin his life because he's a douche
but again cuz I'm consistent on [ __ ]
like this and these guys are not so Mike
Serna [ __ ]
hashtag snowflake Serna [ __ ] he's
feeling to her Twiggy needs a safe space
snowflake Serna [ __ ] not another
[ __ ] word about free speech or the
First Amendment not another [ __ ]
Cassandra Fairbanks not another [ __ ]
word you are hypocrites it's absolutely
disgusting it's pathetic and MSNBC
should hire Sam cedar back immediately
