Donald Trump reached a deal with Canada
and Mexico for the new NAFTA so they're
changing the name because you know Trump
if there's anything that he's somewhat
good at its marketing it's okay we know
NAFTA is tainted people don't like NAFTA
it really helped in destroying the
working class in this country so they're
rebranding it and now they're calling it
the United States Mexico Canada
agreement it's the same thing as NAFTA
North American Free Trade Agreement
versus the United States and Mexico
Canada agreement or it's called u.s. MCA
[Music]
which kind of reminds me a little bit of
the YMCA but u.s. MCA is what they're
calling it so let's break it down what
do I think of the deal well I'll lay it
out for you in detail here but it's
basically NAFTA with two what I'd call
mediocre changes one positive change and
then two terrible changes that actually
steal from provisions of the TPP what
happened I thought you were against TPP
no it turns out that those powerful
corporate and billionaire forces behind
the scene got President Trump to do his
bidding and that's not surprising
because does the exact same thing happen
with his tax cut wall street's wet dream
corporate america's wet dream Donald
Trump's tax cut for the rich 83 percent
of the benefits go to the top one
percent so as he pretends like all me no
I'm for the working man the forgotten
man and woman will never be forgotten
again they're Jack you're full of [ __ ]
you're just full of [ __ ] so let's take a
look here country of origin rules here
the biggest changes country of origin
rules automobiles must have 75 percent
of their components manufactured in
Mexico the US or Canada to qualify for
zero tariffs up from sixty two point
five percent under NAFTA this is one
that I file under
a mediocre change because listen if you
if you really wanted to reinvigorate
bring back American manufacturing you
would have to be more aggressive in
bringing back American manufacturing
when I look at a a change like this to
me this strikes me as it's just like a
minor tweak to NAFTA and it doesn't
really get at the heart of what Trump
claimed he was gonna do which is to
bring back American manufacturing in in
a strong way so I just file this one
under like a mediocre change I don't see
I don't think this is that big of a deal
it's just like slightly tweaking NAFTA
but the heart of it is still NAFTA and
you have people who are the free traders
who are actually taking a victory lap
over this who are like see we told
Donald Trump that free trade is a good
thing he didn't believe us well this new
agreement that he put together kind of
has that at the core of it that free
trade is good and we should all be in
favor of free trade and it's acceptable
and and there is no going back okay so
let's go to the next part labor
provisions 40 to 45 percent of
automobile parts have to be made by
workers who were in at least 16 dollars
an hour by 2020 30 Mexico has also
agreed to pass laws giving workers the
right to union representation extend
labor protections to migrant workers and
protect women from discrimination the
countries can also sanction one another
for labor violations so this is another
change that I class as a mediocre change
and here's why the overwhelming majority
the jobs in NAFTA apparently this was
already the case now I didn't know that
at first so when I read that provision I
went oh that's a good change I like that
one but then when you read more about it
you see it's just like again it's kind
of a mask to allow Trump to brag about
being Pro worker when the effective
change is nearly non-existent because
this is already the
faced with the overwhelming majority of
the jobs so now here we get to the part
where they're bragging the most about it
and I think it's fair that they brag
about it because this is a positive
change u.s. farmers get more access to
the Canadian dairy market so the u.s.
got Canada to open up its dairy market
to US farmers which was a big issue for
Trump okay that's definitely a positive
change that's good for us industry and
when you're the President of the United
States you should be a ruthless advocate
for US industry not not just the
business owners you know the the elite
class but for the workers so any step
that's a that goes in the right
direction
that helps us industry I'll take it and
I'll give you credit for it so I do I
give them credit for that one I think
that's a definitely a positive step now
here's where it all goes to [ __ ]
intellectual property and digital trade
the deal extends the terms of copyright
270 years beyond the life of the author
up from 50 it also extends the period
that a pharmaceutical drug can be
protected from generic competition so do
you understand what that is I know that
sounds really wonky but what that is in
practice is a gigantic giveaway to Big
Pharma that's what that is and this is
going to be the impact of this one of
the impacts of this is Canada just got
shafted for the cost of prescription
drugs so you know how we get price gouge
to no end in this country with our
prescription drugs
well now Trump just made it so that
Canadians get screwed over much more
with the cost of their prescription
drugs so that's a giant giveaway to the
pharmaceutical companies that was the
whole point of that but it gets even
worse this is from the Washington Post
count the oil and gas industry among the
winners of the new NAFTA or as Trump is
rebranding at the United States Mexico
Canada agreement or us MCA
the oil business convinced the White
House to keep a number of features of
the
old nafta deal in the new agreement
including provisions that help protect
US oil companies investments abroad and
allowed for tax-free transport of raw
and refined products across borders
quote were mostly happy that it's been
preserved that many of the provisions in
the original NAFTA that had supported
the integrated North American energy
markets are still in place said Aaron
Padilla senior advisor for international
policy at the American American
Petroleum Institute the nation's biggest
oil and gas lobbying group among their
biggest concerns was the preservation of
a system of resolving international
trade disputes called the investor state
dispute settlement or isds under isds
multinationals can sue the governments
of nations in which they work when those
states issue new regulations the system
has attracted critics both on the left
for the railing anti-pollution efforts
and on the right for eroding us
sovereignty Trump's trade negotiators
looked at the legal system with
skepticism to the final deal does limit
isds but with a few key exceptions oil
and gas is one of the only five economic
sectors including telecommunications and
transportation to keep isds in the
crucial Mexican market so do you
understand what what's going on here
that is and this is the heart of what so
many people objected to about TPP as
well is because it expands this notion
the idea that hey if there are foreign
governments that are screwing up your
your profits well if you're a
corporation a mega corporation just sue
the foreign government and then there'll
be this international tribunal this
board that determines who's in the right
and the corporation's would get to pick
who's on that tribunal so think about
that corporations get to override
government's when governments say hey
you're part poisoning our water system
with your shitty practices you're gonna
have to stop that we just passed a new
law that makes you stop that so it
changes
how society functions and makes it so
that the corporation can basically be
above governments on the hierarchy here
and of course if you actually have a
democracy and you believe in
enlightenment values the people have to
have a say and what happens with their
live so the government overrides
corporate rule because the government
needs to pass regulations to make sure
the corporations don't go too far and
they don't poison your water and they
don't you know hire kids and they don't
have all these labor failures and they
don't pay less than minimum wage for
example under TPP they said no we're
basically scrapping that and governments
respective governments lose their
sovereignty and these corporate
tribunals get to override loss well in
the new NAFTA they go oh yeah don't
worry if you're if you're in big oil if
you are in the telecommunications
industry if you're in five economic
sectors in total and transportation is
another one well don't worry because you
basically get to override the will of
sovereign governments you get to sue for
a loss of expected profits there was
another provision of TPP everybody's
like that's crazy
you're gonna sue a government because
you expect it to make X amount and
profit and you didn't make X amount in
profit you're gonna blame the government
for it and Sue it and then try to hose
the taxpayers to make up the difference
this is this is bending the knee to
corporate overlords this is the
corporate ah cracy coming full circle
now it's here and Trump in the
renegotiation of NAFTA put this in their
that five industries let's get to
override governments oh come on son come
on and again this is one of those issues
where the right objects to this just as
much as the left does why because when
you're putting corporations above
sovereign governments then you're
literally taking away sovereignty and
they don't want
like you know all those conspiracies
about the UN is gonna come in here and
dictate everything about our life well
what if it's not the UN but what if it's
the World Trade Organization
what if it's these giant corporate
tribunals they get to override your
democratic will because that's what
we're looking at with this new NAFTA so
you have a gigantic big pharma giveaway
you have five different industries being
able to override national sovereignty
and Donald Trump is acting like now this
is the best trade deal that's ever been
made ever now listen I'm fair I think
some of these changes we're positive
changes yes some of them were some of
them were basically fake positive
changes that were just codifying
something there already was the case so
that Trump could turn around and take
credit but ultimately you know what this
deal and by the way everything else
about the deal exactly like NAFTA so
that's another point that like the
overwhelming majority of the deal is
just hey this was called NAFTA now we're
gonna call it the United States Mexico
Canada agreement u.s. MCA and I'm gonna
pretend like it's an awesome deal now
but most of the deal is the same as it
was before so what do you mean which
gets to the main point Trump did exactly
what I told you he was going to do
whether whether it's NAFTA or TPP or you
know any of these different trade
agreements what did I tell you Donald
Trump it was a brilliant move
politically to rail against him on the
campaign trail because again these you
know so-called free trade agreements are
really outsourcing deals and they
screwed over the working class in
America so running against him was a
brilliant idea but now he's not gonna
actually buck the establishment and go
against the people who really run the
country he wants establishment approval
more than anything he wants that pat on
the head from other elitist pricks so
what do you do oh I'm a I made a new
deal it's an unbelievable deal it's a
tremendous deal here I changed like four
or five provisions of the old deal and
now I'm gonna say it's the best deal
ever when before it was the worst deal
ever very little changed
and then now I'm amazing please Pat me
on the back and tell me I'm so great I
did an unbelievable job no you didn't
meet the new boss same as the old boss
meet the new NAFTA similar to the old
NAFTA the saddest part of all this it
reminds me of a Matt Taibbi tweet from
the other day he said Donald Trump is
the kind of character that does have
that from the Republican base the
cult-like loyalty
so Trump really had a mandate to let's
say he actually got in there and he
really went full bore kind of like in an
FDR way where he said no we're gonna do
Medicare for all because remember he's
had five or six times before he was
president and even once on the campaign
trail he's running for president we're
gonna cover for everybody else what
we're gonna do we're gonna cover
everybody they say it's not a Republican
thing to say I said I don't care so any
praise the Canadian health care system
the Australian health care system the
Scottish health care system so what if
because he has this mandate from his own
base where they're never gonna turn on
him what if he went in there Andy
actually said Medicare for all no
seriously we're gonna rip up NAFTA in
we're gonna have a massively Pro worker
trade agreement we're good we are gonna
bring back manufacturing jobs we are
gonna do a new New Deal and I'm gonna
I'm gonna jam it through I don't care
well what would happen
Trump would get the Republicans cuz they
have to bend the knee to him because
he's the most popular figure among the
Republicans you know he's the one that
has that incredible devotion from his
base so the Republicans have to bend the
knee and vote for his agenda or they
know that they're they're done and they
don't have a political future and then
also if you actually did you know these
proposals like Medicare for all in a new
New Deal and and all that stuff the
Democratic base again would vote in
favor of your agenda now the
establishment Democrats wouldn't but
that would basically be the only group
of people who did not vote for it so you
had a mandate you really could have
gotten done some revolutionary
anti-establishment [ __ ] but instead what
are we doing here
we're blowing it the anti-establishment
pick is now yet again proving to be
totally pro-establishment and this is a
ruse so again Bhama had an
anti-establishment mandate he didn't
really use it
Trump had an anti-establishment mandate
he didn't really use it they all just
did tweaks around the edges and when
push came to shove either kept the
status quo going exactly like it is or
even maybe moved it in the wrong
direction
