welcome to the Corin eating candy
experience I'm going through all my
Halloween candy this is literally like
every week now it's you know you have
some sort of candy like skittles or some
[ __ ] and you show everybody it's funny
what um I started eating the lifesavers
that I have in the candy basket because
I bought the wrong kind
wait pause lifesavers the whole life
savers no they make like a gun the gummy
ones the chewy ones are good the regular
ones are just irrelevant if you're
buying life savers stop and grab
grandmas my life savers yeah yeah like I
have this butterscotch candy in my purse
and I also have some life savers
yeah well butterscotch I used to [ __ ]
with I used to like butterscotch
how about caramel nips you remember
caramel nips I remember girls caramel
nibs you just couldn't wait to bring up
women's either nips no um what are
caramel nips caramel nips well we I
don't know if I'm thinking of the right
one but there's like so there's one
thing that's like a sucking candy pause
that's caramel like caramel flavored and
then there's another one that like it's
like you eat it's like a little chewy
candy and you eat it and it's caramel
there was Werther's okay so I'm thinking
of that except it's basically the better
version of that like caramel nips are
like I don't [ __ ] with those and they
had like cream in the middle no no no
cream in the middle on the one I'm
talking about you know what I'm talking
about right with the cream on the
outside I do mom in the cream on the
inside yeah and I when you said
Werther's I definitely remember
Werther's and workers reminds me of like
the shitty version of caramel nips like
caramel nips just tastes like delicious
caramel sucking candies but the
Werther's is like it just doesn't taste
good
it just takes much to like Werther's and
Werther's was the cheap ass version of
the caramel nips the caramel nips were
the bangin ones were good man they were
good and that's some [ __ ] that was like
my mom [ __ ] I'd be like mom do you have
one of those things and she'd be like
here I'd be like this is it's crazy you
remember what the like the old-school
grandma candy was that strawberry
looking [ __ ] y'all like it looked like a
fig strawberry and had the green room on
top that she was alright though
no those were bangin yeah that would be
the only bangin one in the grandma's
old-school candy [ __ ] you know what's
super irrelevant from the grandma candy
shed is the the the ones that are like
white with the red swirls on it like the
mint one white with like peppermint yeah
I guess peppermint yeah yeah yeah I
guess that's what it would be like yeah
that's that's like nine that's like like
1908 like that just goes back it's like
that's prehistoric and who even made it
like why did anybody make that and think
like this is gonna be profitable and
this is gonna sell but I mean I guess
I'm wrong is everyone granite that's one
saying that [ __ ] was stood the test of
time like that [ __ ] is in every Fridays
and every Applebee's that that Candy's a
[ __ ] staple like yeah but it shouldn't
be it's [ __ ] up man
that thing is like there was a candy
Mount Rushmore peppermints would be on
that [ __ ] I'm going out and saying that
[ __ ] I can't agree with that that no bug
trapper minces been there since like
since like 16 like Jesus was the in
peppermints like but that's why it's so
bad like what are you also gonna put
licorice on your Mount Rushmore a candy
maybe this licorice buns though it's
buns but like it may as well have called
it like leather candy it tastes like
leather
and all the presidents on Mount Rushmore
like they were good as president it
doesn't have to be a good candy to be on
Mount Rushmore it just has to be like
some [ __ ] that would actually no that's
not a good point because they talk about
Mount Rushmore and like when they talk
about putting athletes like if there was
an athletes of Mount Rushmore mm-hmm
it's obviously the best athletes who
would you put on the Mount Rushmore
that's tough but I don't want to get off
the top the candy one because I handy
well okay so first of all on the actual
Mount Rushmore is Theodore Roosevelt
George Washington Thomas Jefferson
Abraham Lincoln
the one don't when I don't I didn't know
was Theodore Roosevelt I didn't I didn't
remember that he was on yet you know
that was that was the one who was in the
wheelchair
should know but those L know that's FDR
FDR is the one that's like look you did
or some really fucked-up [ __ ] like
Japanese internment and and lo yeah like
he did some fucked-up [ __ ] but he also
gave us the New Deal and he was so
popular and kept getting reelected that
when he died Republicans passed term
limits and said well you can cuz FDR
kept getting re-elected we didn't have
our limits back then but FDR was so
popular he kept getting reelected than
when he died the Republicans were like
we got to put it into this because if
they elect another dude like that will
never get elected so they came up with
term limits I I have a soft spot for FDR
FDR is the best in terms of economics
that the US has ever had but obviously
back then there's no excuse for it but
back then on social issues they just
weren't right yet like they were you
know like he presided over he was
president and segregation was still
happening in the south and on the one
hand you can't blame him for hat for
that existing being on the you at that
time yeah but on the other hand it's
like it still existed when he was
president you know which is like okay
that's [ __ ] up Japanese internment is
inexcusable you know so yeah so let me
ask you a question so those four
presidents that are on Mount Rushmore is
it Democratic Republican on both sides
agreed upon like yeah I [ __ ] with that
dude or like can there be a case on both
sides like I don't really [ __ ] with him
I mean you could disagree with it I want
to say yes a yes is the answer to your
question from like the layman's
perspective like yeah of course like
most people are gonna go yet Thomas
Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln George
Washington but like if you really want
to look at it critically of course you
could criticize like a [ __ ]
you know like Jefferson had raped his
slaves
that's Odie of course that's [ __ ] up
like so but anyway back to the candy one
licorice now you can't put licorice on
the cable that's what I was home so if
you bring it through different like
genres like sports if if someone was
like alright Michael Jordan's on there
Muhammad Ali's on there yeah sure like
Babe Ruth or some [ __ ] like that like
people would be like is there somebody
better than Babe Ruth there's gotta be
right or like Jackie Robinson
but is there's probably somebody better
than Jackie Robinson too in terms of
getting on there I mean maybe because
he's such a historic figure because he
was the first black player yeah
but in terms layer wise I'm sure there's
someone probably better but then again
it's not like Wheaton neither one of us
know his stats like maybe he was really
on some [ __ ] I mean if he's the one
black dude in a league full of white
dudes
you got [ __ ] like Babe Ruth
doing their little pitter-patter around
the bases yeah well yeah I mean like he
was probably way better than them just
because like black people are just more
athletic then like racist I mean like
but it's true no so it's funny because
there's a debate about this but I'm
pretty sure oh [ __ ] that was my elbow
I'm pretty sure that [ __ ] hurt yeah a
little bit I heard an interesting
explanation from it about it though by
from an expert and he's a historian and
he said that basically what happened was
so like back in the day when there were
a bunch of like Irish immigrants Italian
immigrants Jewish immigrants to the US
there was a time when like basketball
was like all Jewish or mostly Jewish and
you know if you were to stop at that
point in time and ask people they'd be
like well of course it's the Jewish
people playing basketball they're like
better at that basketball that's like
that's just who they are that's how
they're born they're just better at that
they're more physically active and just
better at that but then like it's time
went by you know basically the argument
is when people are in a more
economically tough situation one of
their few there aren't as many outs of
that situation one of the few ways to
get out of that situation is to get good
at being an athlete and so that would
explain why like black people are
disproportionately poor in the US and so
one of the ways that they get out of
that situation is to spend a lot of time
playing that sport like you know how
there's like at every in every project
around the country there's you know
basketball courts so you could spend
like your whole all your youth
and that's an opportunity to be one of
your outs to get out of poverty
basically the argument was and with
boxers it was another thing so like with
boxers now a lot of boxers are black
right hmm but back you know hundreds of
years ago when there were people you
know people were coming here from
Ireland and Italy and there were Jewish
immigrants and stuff and like they were
mostly the boxers so it was like whoever
was the economically disadvantaged group
at that time disproportionately went
into the different sports and then they
dominated the sports you know so in
other words so in other words the
argument is it's not it's not like
genetics it's not like they're just
better athletes it's that they're raised
in a situation where that's one of their
outs so more of them go down that path
and then when more of them go down that
path
more of them end up in the professional
leagues basically that makes sense I
also like not even being racist but like
some people say it's tied to like
slavery you know like that they were
doing that's why that guy what's his
name Jimmy the Greek or what is
something the Greek I fired the the
sports host who said that Jericho did a
football game oh I did not know you know
about that there's there was an
announcer I think it was in like the 80s
or maybe there early 90s there's this
announcer somebody the Greek I forget
his first name I think it is Jimmy the
Greek that sounds it might maybe I think
it might be Jimmy - great - but for some
reason it only sounds like 80% right but
anyway he was like he said that in the
middle like a football game and they
then he got he got fired because people
were like you can't [ __ ] like that's
[ __ ] racist as [ __ ] but yeah some
people think that's the case but again I
this ain't the same story and I was just
talking about I think he tried he he
gave the counter-argument to that - and
basically what he said is so like the
point that the Jimmy the Greek I was
making was like slave masters basically
bred black people and like had the
strongest black person mate with the
biggest black woman and then basically
the idea is you create bigger stronger
slaves as the generations go by and so
they could do more work for you and so
you know some people think hey that's
why the leagues are
nominated by African Americans is that
African American cities but like the
counter-argument to that is the point I
just made about how it's always just the
economically disadvantaged that end up
going into that situation but also I'm
not even sure exactly what his
counter-argument to that was but does a
lot of white people in poverty to that
like aren't you know crushing it in
basketball leagues or something like
that or well aren't you well I like MLB
how black is the MLB for example not a
lot not a lot about people in them you
know there you go if the argument is oh
they're just athletic they're just
superior athletically then they'd
probably be in that situation too but I
don't know I don't know um by the way
they named the guys that fatty is
Russell I think his name is who's this
the guy who was who was basically saying
oh you know what he said he said that
about the the slave point that when you
have them like a slave master who's
breeding you like you're not gonna be
incentivized to work harder you know
what I mean so like in other words if
you breed the bigger stronger dogs with
each other then the next dog is gonna be
bigger and stronger his point is humans
aren't dogs and if you're if you breed
slaves and then you get a bigger slave
it's not like that slave is gonna work
harder for you because a guy can still
be big and say I'm gonna work harder
yeah [ __ ] you you know what I mean yes
that was this counter-argument to that
but yeah I don't know it's weird I mean
you could see the culture like obviously
nature plays some you know amount of
influence in who goes into what field
you know LeBron James is LeBron James
for two reasons number one because he is
[ __ ] just naturally gifted like a
[ __ ] and number two because he
works his [ __ ] ass off so there's
obviously like a mix of both things
there but yeah there's like a half the
amount of like a lot of it is what kind
of a thing you're raised it like when
you look at golf is overwhelmingly
disproportionately white because you
know it's it's a sport that costs a lot
of money to be involved in so it's not
like it's an out
poor kids because you know just said a
club just cost a couple hundred bucks if
not a couple thousand bucks calling this
the same way yeah it cost like $20 to
$100 to play every time you play golf
and so that's why you see the sport is
still overwhelmingly you know there's
Vijay Singh there's Tiger Woods and
there's Harold Varner the third who are
not why of another third is definitely
even if he's black he's not black yeah
so it's interesting like how society and
cultural leads to who plays certain
sports yeah there's a lot like oh
another good point for boxing now like
you know other the Klitschkos are big in
boxing they're Russian and again the
idea was well disadvantaged put from a
lower economic class they're here
they're like okay we could fight so then
they start doing that so I don't know
it's a common greg there too um they
said he came out yes fight and all is
cherish yeah all right so it's it's
weirdness interesting anyway well okay
how do we get off the Mount Rushmore of
candy where were we on that well so I'm
trying to figure out if even if the
Candy's bad if it withstood such a long
like timeframe oh well you know like if
you do that you might have to put up
licorice and I'm not okay with that
if we can't put up licorice man like you
know what goes up there above licorice
is the old school Hershey's bar the
Hershey's chocolate bar just a plain ass
Hershey's chocolate bar because that was
so [ __ ] yeah that was some [ __ ] dudes
were probably eating in like 1906 in
fact I'm gonna look up well that cotton
candy might have to be up there too then
cotton candy but that's like barely
sandy or peanuts like peanuts are not
handy [ __ ] that [ __ ]
peanuts can be a candy to some people
well what is that a snack it's got a
fall in a category it's not a candy
that's got yeah I say like smack not
Cracker Jacks that's a snack Hershey's
founding and I'm typing in 1894 Jesus I
I nailed it I said eighteen or something
for I said somebody was eating Hershey a
Hershey's bar like a regular Hershey's
bar damn that seemed long last time in
like 1906 or some [ __ ] and yeah
1894 I'm looking at the facts on it
right now
founder Milton s Hershey everybody named
Milton back then Milton Bradley Milton
Hershey
it's funny how names go in and out of
like yeah you name someone Milton now
and that [ __ ] is getting made
fun oh yeah they're names it just like
they go in and out you know Barbara try
finding a woman named Barbara nowadays
it's impossible Asst Phyllis Phyllis
eeeh hell no there's no Phyllis Doris
Ruth Doris Margaret yeah don't exist
what about the dudes names hmm
Marie Marie there's no Marie's grandpa
my grandpa was buried there
no one's named Marie now my grandma's
name was all de al da Alda there's a
grocery store any name Aldi oh really
Aldi hey yeah Harvey or there Harvey's
Harvey Wharram Boris is like not even
American barely I was gonna say Charlie
but they're still Charlie's even though
that's old school name yeah Charlie's
around Bedwin no Edgar and Edwin yeah
those are gonzo Kyle I don't feel like
Kyle's like common you know it was
always kind of like a lower level dude
name like no Kyle will always be around
Kyle's like the Hershey kiss of [ __ ]
names
that's like John John never goes away
was Kyle in the Bible or anything like
nah Kyle's an Irish name oh really
yeah it's like you're not gay I was like
no Kyle's there Kyle could be on the
Mount Rushmore of [ __ ] names
that's like John [ __ ]
all that's gets of our context cuz we
risk because of the society we grew up
in you know like that there's a lot of
John's and [ __ ] like all those names are
like [ __ ] biblical names like
judeo-christian names John Paul Peter
yeah true that's all like good little
[ __ ]
Sarah Julia Sarah's always kind of
common that would be on the Mount
Rushmore sarah has to be on the Mount
Rushmore of names for women Jennifer you
up at at Jennifer up there right I mean
it's so common
I see Jennifer so [ __ ] common
Stephanie Stephanie's common that's so
common we're just going through names
right now we're so stupid
really man let's just say names I bet
you everybody listenings like why the
[ __ ] are you guys just saying names
right now there should be a Mount
Rushmore for everything Bay way yo the
sports one that was a good point you
brought up you said Muhammad Ali he's
definitely going on yeah and then there
was Jordan Jordan is definitely going on
but then you get into an argument of
like okay but what about Bill Russell
you know you could say well believe it
was easier back then but then at the
same time he won like 11 rings yeah so
it's like well what do you he wants so
many more than Michael like how many
would he have had two one for us to say
he goes up there over Michael you know I
mean okay you have to win 18 before
we're like you know what put Bill
Russell instead of Michael it's true and
we're also yeah a product of like yeah
Michael Jordan's error of course yeah
but it just goes to show you that you
put Bill Russell like an
african-american dude in that whole
Jewish league and he's just [ __ ]
demolished everybody he did [ __ ]
everybody up man that's like I'm trying
to think like if you put like a
Dominican dude in a dance contest like
back in 1950 with like all white people
that dude like people would be like what
this dude is doing some [ __ ] that out
like how does his body move like that
well I think the first reaction is this
everybody just gets dismissive so like
