hello everybody do deal so I like how
because the angle of the camera is a
little different for you Cory kind of
looks like you're like a porn could be
shot in that room there might have been
something I'm skint this is my guest
bedroom is where all the magic does not
happen maybe for guests
hopefully not I would not do you think
that's the thing you think guests go to
people's house and like they wanna okay
we should try and bang in the guest room
I feel like it's maybe split like 50/50
type thing cuz I mean I think some
people would be like come on like we're
at we're at Craig's house like we can't
this isn't our house but then other
people it's the opposite reaction they'd
be like yeah that's like it's not
crossing the boundaries enough where
you're doing some like too rebellious
shoot but you're also like is a little
rebellious we're not in our bed you know
like so that's like it's a [ __ ] up
move if someone's your friend you do
that [ __ ] cuz like no one wants you see
eating on their sheets skating on your
sheets is the good is a good name for a
band
Skeets yeah that's all the siblings
national sibling day do you see that all
do they have that turning on Twitter oh
no I didn't see that
yeah Instagram it's a big thing so
everybody I get to see what everybody's
brothers and sisters look like all those
holidays like everyone just put like
Mother's Day you'll see what all your
friends mothers look like Father's Day
you're gonna see what everybody's
fathers look like every like you know
say the link that you're gonna see
brothers sisters you know there's like
there's a calendar that lays out like
every holiday and every day is a holiday
that's I'm saying it's there's this it's
National keyboard day yeah always
some [ __ ] right like ass cheek day right
cheek day okay let's see I'm gonna tell
you right now so in it we're in April
obviously April 1st was April Fool's Day
in April 2nd was peanut butter and jelly
day
April third was find a rainbow day April
4th was vitamin C day there's nothing on
April 3rd
I say April 3rd was find a rainbow day
all the 3rd ok whence it from 2 to 4 no
sorry April 3rd find a rainbow day April
4th vitamin C day April 5th Easter April
6th hostess Twinkie day what the [ __ ]
how do we miss that [ __ ] I don't know
but they should yeah we should have
known that one April 7th no housework
day April 8th draw a bird day all come
on draw a bird day that's like not that
far off from your joke thing of like
right ass cheek day this seems like so
irrelevant check while that calendar has
all that [ __ ] mm-hmm there's other
calendar like there's made-up [ __ ] that
like is just you like also today and I
hope if you look at today's date
hopefully it says national sibling day
but then someone also said it's like
national library workers day or
something like that what day it's the
what date is it the 10th oh you know
guess get this safety pin day that's the
10th that's the 10th yeah no one on
instagram is posting about that [ __ ]
because that [ __ ] is [ __ ] who has
anything to say about safety pins nobody
has nobody even has an opinion about
safety pins ever like that's omadd's
does everybody started posting pictures
of safety pins and they were just like
shout out to safety pins and then
there's this big political debate that
happens and like Republicans are like
we're against safety pins fuck'em and
Democrats are like safety pins are
really great because they're like they
keep things safe safety pins are
actually pretty important to like
wardrobe sometimes like there's it's
such a like item that you don't think
about that much but if you're at a
wedding or you're like trying some [ __ ]
on or something pops off like your pants
or some [ __ ]
safety pin is very important like you'll
always hear someone say like does
anybody have a safety pin and I ridges
like why the [ __ ] would someone have a
safety pin I don't know I'm sure I have
at one time or another warrant a safety
pin but I I can't recall any
I've ever worn a safety pin yeah neither
can i but I feel like I have lost so I
feel like like something on my pant like
maybe my zipper broke or something or
that shirt needed to be something happen
yeah that's some [ __ ] I feel like
there's a chance that like my sister's
graduation back in the day my mom was
like hold on the thing is not fitting
right and she'll put a safety pin
somewhere yeah I got problems happen
it's a little like motherly thing to
carry though is the safety pin not carry
with her but we could have been at the
house and she was like I'll use the
safety pin no but I'm saying like it's
such an old-school thing for any person
above I don't know I feel like 35 42
even haven't like yeah I know how to use
a safety pin well it's the same [ __ ]
with like like having butterscotch
candies like if you have butterscotch
candies at your place you're above 60
yeah there's certain things that just
don't get passion or like my wife knows
how to do this which I'm pretty
surprised but like sewing you're either
like working at like I'm not even gonna
say you're either old-ass lady who knows
that it's so like a blanket or you're
like a tail or at like some spot on the
corner you know you like em in people's
pants or something you're talking about
sewing clothes [ __ ] she knows how to sew
clothes [ __ ] no so like sewing sewing
and knitting is what I meant so anything
okay yeah well I know Lillith knitting I
know little really it's yeah she likes
knitting oh it's very relaxing and like
I'm sure listen Manning I'll tell you
I'll tell you what my grandma on my
dad's side was uh she actually did she
actually sewed but he didn't just so
like close stuff or whatever and she
didn't just do knitting like oh notice
what I don't think she did knitting but
she would do these things she'd buy at
the store these things that are like
these pictures that you make with sewing
like you take a little needle you take
the thread you follow the directions and
you make pictures and they were so
[ __ ] good like she was so good at it
that I literally have some of those
things some of her pictures back from
back in the 1990's hanging at my place
so what did she do with the picture so
it's I really don't know how to describe
it but like I think if you go to go to
the store or went to the store back in
the day whatever store she went to I
don't know I feel like it's like yes
there's caldor's or some [ __ ] back in
the day
mm-hm and like there would be these
things like you know how for like a kid
they have like coloring books and you
can get it and then you color in the
lines and [ __ ] like everybody knows
coloring books this is like a little
sewing kit I guess where you buy it and
it had it and you can sew onto this
piece of fabric a picture basically and
she would sew like you know like a
bouquet of flowers or whatever and you
have to like follow the directions and I
think I know maybe it's called
needlepoint what she did whatever it is
it's like a version of sewing yeah I
think I think my wife's mom just did
that she put a teddy bear on like some
blanket [ __ ] yes it's in like that
except I'm talking about it would be
like a little there's like a wooden
frame it could be in a circle or a
square yes yes yeah and you plug through
yes exactly yes exactly was doing that
just the other day and son that [ __ ]
like that's she was nasty at it my
grandma like she was so good that like I
told my mom you know back a while ago
listen I want some of her her stuff like
it was so good that I want to hang that
up you know and I have a bunch of it
hanging so I was that impressed by it
and I remember when I was a little kid
she was like trying to teach me to do it
and like I did it for a little bit but I
was buns I didn't know how to do it like
good but I was always so like I loved
her [ __ ] it was really good art and
it was impressive but and all that [ __ ]
like what stands the test of time too
like it's a trait that it's not like
video games where you can be like push
this button like it's something that's
actually like tangible like you're
making you're making art and that [ __ ]
that shit's getting passed down for sure
exactly 100% it's getting passed down
cuz I guarantee you you know if I were
to show my niece and nephew when they're
older they'd be like that's like that's
that's nice like it's regen you 'only
nice you know yeah but like that's
[ __ ] for your grandma that was like her
gameboy or some [ __ ] like that was like
what they did with their friends they
did call up my homies and was just like
you want to go to the park and [ __ ]
do this [ __ ] well that's what they would
do yeah it would be honestly on some
like southern type [ __ ] where she would
like sit in the on the front porch with
her with her little lawn chair and she
would just show them so this [ __ ] the
needle yeah and it's like that's him
those are like the stereotypical [ __ ]
you see of like a grandmother like when
you're running in the house and yeah
he's in a rocking chair just like yeah
what it was okay son before we even keep
talking we have to do the poles cuz we
keep forgetting to do them true that so
let's let's jump right into this [ __ ] I
jotted down or I put into my notes to
the poles okay first one shaving cream
versus shaving gel mm-hmm I think that's
a good pole and I'm team shaving cream
by a mile and a half I think I'm cream
too but I think that's just because I
was exposed to shaving cream like that
was the only [ __ ] I bought because I
wasn't educated enough on shaving gel
like if someone had exposed me to
shaving gel first that might be my thing
but since shaving cream is just like
universal with shaving mm-hmm that's why
I think I like shaving cream do you
think he'll be better do you think
people are gonna pick the gel or the
cream cream cream is gonna slaughter gel
I think okay that's a good that's a good
that's a good guess I think I agree with
that because for that reason I think
just because gel is just it's not it's
not that known in the shaving world and
I could be wrong I'm not like a I'm not
a beard yeah I don't agree with it I
think people know about the gel you
think so yeah I do because it's it's I
feel like it's it might even sell more
because I think the cream is more
expensive is it yeah and like who wants
to know what am I gonna call out for
[ __ ] shaving like no I'll just get
whatever is cheaper and whatever cheaper
is the shaving gel I feel like the cream
is is cheaper like they used to have
those Barbasol shits for like I thought
those were more expensive to borrow
first I could be wrong I remember there
was this gillette gel that my dad got
back in the day and it was like he got
like a huge pack from costco and it was
so cheap and i I was using the cream and
I was like I compared the price and I
was like damn the gel is so much less
expensive I just always feel like the
gel it feels like colder when it hit
your skin which is nice but it doesn't
give the same like I don't know the
cream something feels great about the
cream yeah the shaving cream yeah it's
just like all moist on there and like I
think I'm squeezing the cream is better
to just that like people are definitely
gonna take that out of context but yeah
that's true that's definitely sound of
just like it's just like a big
marshmallow just fine no and all you
have to do is like tap it and it's a
decent amount comes out I don't know
about you but I always put too much oh
yeah and then I end up just watching it
on to like 75% of it I have to wash off
and then I just used the tiny little bit
oh okay so shaving pole we got shaving
cream shaving gel let's do it
okay next poll is um I keep picking up
the wrong [ __ ] Oh classic Street Fighter
verse Mortal Kombat verse Tekken oh yeah
that's a good I think didn't we do
something with Mortal Kombat one time
and Mortal Kombat slayed I think mmm
did we I don't think we did cuz I feel
like I was surprised by the answer I was
like oh me Mortal do you do that poll I
think so because Mortal Kombat won and I
was I was surprised because I was
talking about they had a movie or some
[ __ ]
and I thought Street Fighter had a movie
too but it definitely didn't do as well
as um as a Mortal Kombat [ __ ] yeah we
you're right we did do this poll for
sure where we did so I remember we had
this conversation and I feel like if
they did a Street Fighter movie again
one no one would know about that [ __ ]
but the rock would definitely be in it
because that
the [ __ ] is on my Instagram timeline
in every [ __ ] movie that's in the
theaters right now he's some world
premiere he's in this the new one
rampage where he's like fighting like a
big monkey or gorilla I I was inspired I
looked up his work out you know regimen
yeah why the [ __ ] am i blanking on that
word whatever I worked I looked up his
workout and he works out six days a week
four days a month an hour and a half to
an hour and 45 minutes a day yeah he's
he's on a different level and he says
well I mean I think he's roided the [ __ ]
up but he thinks oh yeah for sure
but I mean it's still like that's still
amazing still like holy [ __ ] and he said
like this is my this is my like Zen time
this is my [ __ ] you know
antidepressant this is my everything
like that's his time but I was like damn
that's a lot of working out man six days
a week goddamn yeah he's all about that
[ __ ] he travels he traveled to Tokyo or
some [ __ ] and the first thing he did
when he land was work out mmm
I mean I give him props but it's also
when you make your own like schedule and
[ __ ] like that when you have that much
money like you can do that [ __ ] like
yeah but his he's one of the busiest
[ __ ] people there is but the thing is
he genuinely enjoys it that's the thing
like most people look at a workout and
they're like oh I gotta [ __ ] do this
[ __ ] and get out of the way but he
genuinely is like I can't wait to get in
the gym you know what I new I think it's
I don't know I still think it's easier
for him with like no worries whereas
someone who knows just work and [ __ ]
yeah yeah no financial worries that's
for exact somebody who's working a
full-time job who's just trying to keep
the [ __ ] lights on you know I worked
out at 5:30 in the morning and then
we've got kids and [ __ ] families and
it's like what do you like you have to
[ __ ] get dinner like what do you what
do you mean you're gonna go work out
like you have to buy dinner and we have
a child here I mean so we can't [ __ ]
go to a gym for an hour and a half every
[ __ ] day and way it's hard it's hard
man for sure but I was inspired
his [ __ ] but then again no he's
definitely an inspiring [ __ ] dude
he's getting that [ __ ] chemical
assistance for sure I remember back I
you know I used to did you ever take it
to I just take creatine back in the day
I never did creatine I did casein at
night which was like that's low protein
yeah yeah the other protein but the
casing like got you bloated right
creatine you mean creatine yet yeah
creatine it makes you retain a lot of
water weight so you feel like you got
huge gains but really you're just kind
of bloated basically but it definitely
made you look like bigger and the
argument is it also makes you like it
makes you work out a little harder I
guess that was you know I kind of felt
like that
for me the thing that I feel like the
pre-workout drinks helped the most but
they were straight-up drugs
hell yeah they there used to be so many
people in the gyms that would do that um
co4 or something like c4 it was like you
know when you're talking about I'm a
ready gainer
I used to take I think it was called I'm
looking it up sounds like that sounds
like the middle step between like just a
regular condom and like like the regular
Magnum
I think I'm [ __ ] it up it's not
Magnum it's green like the Johnnie
Walker Black but then like just like the
Johnnie Walker green label like your
dicks alright you can't get the Magnum
yet but you get the Magnum greedy okay
so slope I can't find that one it was
green something that I used to take the
pre-workout drink that she had tasted
delicious and made me [ __ ] beast in
the gym and then the one I used to take
the one I took after that is the one
that everybody was taking jack like this
Jack throw yes for the [ __ ] yeah and
that's probably been banned that's a
throwback yeah they've probably been
banned now if it was banned they
definitely made some modifications what
they do the same shoe see a lot of
people don't know when you go to like
vitamin shop or whatever and you buy
some [ __ ] pre-workout [ __ ] like it is
actually the case
that in some of the [ __ ] that you take
from there you you're taking steroids
and what happens is they catch them with
the steroids they ban that one and then
you re release a different product that
has that [ __ ] in it and it's just again
it's a it's a game of cat and mouse it's
just like here's some [ __ ] steroids in
this [ __ ] oh sorry that one's banned
well here's a new one that's not doesn't
have steroids and that one's on the
market for a year and then that one gets
banned and then they do one but jacked I
like I remember after I had been I had
been using it for a while and again it
gets you [ __ ] pumped and you go in
there you really do workout much harder
but then I saw an article that was like
talking about how people were taking
jacked and then going to clubs because
like it got them so [ __ ] high but
it's not a bad idea and then I was like
damn like it hit me at that point I was
like oh I'm I'm just like taking a drug
before I workout like I'm taking a drug
it's basically like I'm taking caffeine
mixed with like three or four other
things that make me feel [ __ ] up and
awake and then I was like it's probably
not a good idea for me keep taking this
[ __ ] yeah but I'll tell you what man I
can say for sure it's definitely not
healthy to take those things but it
might your workouts are a lot worse when
you don't have something like that in
you like your workout you're just not as
strong you're not yeah like I distinctly
remember my workouts when I stopped
taking it and I was like god damn I you
normally would easily be able to bang
out you know whatever four sets of ten
with this [ __ ] and I'm struggling to get
to [ __ ] eight on my first set yeah
that's when you start getting addicted
to the [ __ ] and like relying on it you
know like when it's just like I mean the
whole purpose of working out is to be
healthy and feel healthy but if you're
working out on that [ __ ] that's mad
unhealthy for you it's almost like
what's the purpose of doing this [ __ ] so
you can get a couple more sets or we
want to do it normally without all that
[ __ ] like steroids I never understood it
like okay you're gonna look bigger and
all this [ __ ] but like the purpose of
working out is to [ __ ] feel good
and I guess so some people it's to look
good is more important well that's
