hello everybody was Gucci welcome to the
show
was the deal new error for the Knicks Oh
new head coach right yeah new head coach
today you said you like him he told me
that yesterday yeah yeah like this one I
think it'll be good
I mean they've done this so many times
that like you're bound to hit like
you're bound to get one right after a
while you know that's a good philosophy
well whatever maybe at some point it'll
be good they said like bit for the last
since 2001 maybe or something like every
two years they've had a coach was all
metallic so it's something stupid like
that well which one I think I think we
were both kind of upset when they let
Woodson go right yeah I mean I was
indifferent about what city were I
different yeah I mean they had they had
a whole bunch of GM's that I was mad
that they let go yeah the goal of Donnie
Walsh
um Grunwald was another good one Glen
Grunwald Glen Greenwald Glen that's
impressive man you're busy guy yeah yeah
I think I think I was upset about
Woodson being let go because if I'm not
mistaken it was Woodson who was the
coach when we got a little bit deep in
the playoffs that year but yeah but you
made the point that it was mostly
because a Jason Kidd because we finally
had a point guard who could put
everything together
yeah veteran team that like he didn't
need to coach you know similar to like
any guy who coaches LeBron that's right
you don't have you don't have to coach
him like man how impressive is LeBron
it's it's absurd even tight you do see
Tiger was talking about yeah they asked
him a question about it and he kind of
rift on it for a while but like you're
like talking about like the greatest
athletes in the sport to one of the
greatest athletes and like he subtly was
like giving answers about himself
exactly I was just gonna say it was
about both like him and LeBron he was
like as you get older you have to figure
out a new way to do it cuz you're not as
athletic as you were when you were
younger and everybody will make somebody
legend areas with standing over a period
of time you know doing it for decades
and
I'm like yo just come out and say all
the [ __ ] you've done suddenly exactly
we're with you here from 97 from 1997
until 2013 he dominated golf yeah which
is like wowzers
but his [ __ ] now is almost like a little
bit like show us you could do it when
you're older - you know cuz a lot of
these greats
LeBron's in his 15 C 15 season gretzky
like one out when he was old as [ __ ]
Jeter was old as [ __ ] like so Tiger he's
not like 50 he's like around knows that
forgives that he's 42
Phil Phil Mickelson won the British Open
at age 43 when I filled it and have
[ __ ] four back surgeries
yeah but then again Tiger won after he
his knee so he got in he had knee
surgery a bunch of times he won after
that but like this is like if he wins
now it's almost like it solidifies his
[ __ ] I mean he's already solidified
that's that's what I was gonna say is
like I actually think that the the
Great's believe it or not are underrated
like I think Kobe Bryant is massively
underrated and he's overshadowed by like
since MJ had six rings and they only got
to five like he's kind of forgotten but
Kobe
I think he's underrated I think LeBron
is probably underrated like even though
everybody recognizes they're great you
don't really get how great they are like
you don't really get it nobody really
gets it like there was the other day I
went to Tiger Woods Wikipedia page look
not his Wikipedia page it's a separate
Wikipedia page that's like Tiger Woods
accomplishments and I read through it
all the list is just never-ending
yeah it just never ends yeah it just
kept going and I was like even if you
just add on [ __ ] like Nickelodeon Kids
Choice [ __ ] and [ __ ] like that he's
probably won so many useless Awards this
was legit a copy this wasn't that kind
of [ __ ] but um yeah I think he already
proved but the fact that he came in
second already after his fourth back
surgery he came in second already in a
tournament and he came in seventh at a
different tournament and even when he
plays [ __ ] he's been playing shitty like
the past two tournaments he still made
the cut like people are forgetting like
maybe his most
impressive one of his most impressive
achievements was he holds the all-time
cut record on the PGA Tour
so - the way it works in a golf
tournament
Thursday and Friday those are the first
two days of the tournament and then I'm
sorry Thursday Friday yeah and then
Saturday and Sunday is when they
conclude but after the first two days
they cut the field in half so you could
be a professional golfer and make no
money because you could just miss the
cut every week so then they won't be a
professional golfer for that long cuz
they can't [ __ ] afford I mean it
really is like really difficult so he
made like a hundred and forty two cuts
in a row
meaning for a hundred and forty two
tournaments a hundred and forty two
weeks he never finished in the bottom
half of the field and these are the best
players in the world that's like an
mind-boggling yeah you know there was
another time you won like seven
tournaments in a row which again is not
it that's not a thing like that's not a
thing that happens when you're pets like
LeBron exactly he's been - this is gonna
be his eighth Eastern Conference Finals
in a row like and he told everybody
there he it doesn't matter you could
like I told you the onion had a joke
article the other week where it was like
LeBron thanks Cavaliers management for
having four other human bodies on the
court so that they don't forfeit to the
other team or something like that
SNL did a funny skit I don't know if you
saw it it was cut for time this week but
it was just like LeBron and for schlubs
like in the in the promo and they were
like hyping him up and they're like I
run the pick-and-roll
LeBron I pick up his laundry and then I
roll it over to his house after the
games like it was like it was a good
skit that's what it is
he's playing with a bunch of [ __ ]
idiots who don't know how to do anything
but people are impressed and I just
thought of this right now but people are
impressed with I guess Sports is
different because you're actually you're
you you're using your body and you're
physically like you know putting
yourself out there whereas in other any
other profession someone who's older and
more experienced is typically known to
be like you know better at something yes
whereas in sports it's like you see
LeBron in his 15 season because they're
not as athletic anymore so people think
but even on that front LeBron is kind of
a freak yeah but you would think because
they
so long and they were good at a young
age they'd almost be better better just
off of the fact that like mentally they
know ins and outs of the games better or
well yeah they know all the nuances they
know all the things that when you're in
your first second or third year and
you're new out there you're just running
and gunning and going off sheer
athleticism yeah and then there's guys
who are intelligent that's another thing
they say about LeBron is that he has one
of the highest basketball IQs of anybody
ever yeah he's smart guy yeah but it
would be a fun who'd be a fun test to
see if they just pulled a random person
from the crowd to fill in for the coach
like first series like the NBA Finals
against the Warriors they just pulled in
some random slump yeah wins like a
contest they could basically be this far
if they got rid of jr. Smith and gave
you jr. Smith spot yeah like they could
conceivably be this far
even though jr. played well he did an
interview right after they swept and um
he was talking about playing golf but
they're like how green is your light
right now like when you play like
referencing like you know can you shoot
any shot that you want he was like it's
not as green as about as what I'm about
to hit tomorrow and like everybody
thought he was talking about smoking
weed is he so into playing golf I didn't
get it I was like we would yeah but like
the way he was talking like everyone
knows jr. is just smoking weed oh hell
yeah
that um but he loves God he really loves
golf he's really into golf there's a
limit that our Steph Curry's really into
it and he's he's good he's good
Andre Iguodala plays - but he's not
nearly as good as Steph about Tony Romo
plays Oh Tony lawyer tries to qualify
for the US Open like every year yeah is
he good he's he's really good as a club
player like as a like he could be a club
champion somewhere which is nothing to
scoff at like he's good but no he's not
good enough to compete with the big boys
but even like I you know I was saying
that about Steph everybody probably
remembers on Kyle and Korra and I was
talking about like there's no way he's
gonna make the cut and he didn't make
the cut but I honestly thought he was
gonna shoot in the 80s and he didn't he
shot like 74 seven
four or something yeah really [ __ ]
good would you put it this way I've been
playing golf almost my whole life and
I'm pretty good but he would erect me he
would erect me so yeah I mean any
professional athlete I mean yeah but I
know you put him in you don't think have
you put him in any other probably not
swimming a lot of NBA guys don't
couldn't swimming MJ plays golf I could
[ __ ] him up at golf you think so yeah
he's not good but supposedly bets a lot
of [ __ ] money set he says he's good
and he thinks he's good he's not good
they had like he used to play in like
the Pebble Beach pro-am or whatever
mm-hmm and where they have like
celebrities and then the pro golfers
yeah and apparently they like number one
they only showed his good shots but
number two you could tell right away
when you look at a golfer like if
they're if there's even a remote
possibility of them being good at that
moment you know what I mean you could
tell you could see it in their swing
like how moved their swing is how much
control the club they have and MJ just
looks like a [ __ ] it's like a hacker
like a week earlier which is kind of
crazy when you think about it cuz a guy
who's arguably the best ever in one
sport and like you put him in this other
sport he just doesn't know the [ __ ] he's
doing but I'm surprised he probably
thinks he's the best because I mean he
was the best at another support so
anything else he probably plays he
probably thinks he's a [ __ ] oh yeah he's
got that competitive mentality mm-hm but
if he's being ruthlessly honest with
himself he would admit that he kind of
sucks at golf but it's always it like if
I were to try to pick golf club and
swing lefty I could try to start the
game over again like and try to build up
from scratch again to get good because
we're just swinging the opposite way of
what you normally swing is like that's
how hard it is for everybody when they
first start golf like you just can't
that's [ __ ] impossible all before we
go any further let's do the polls
because I didn't do the polls or em poll
since like 88
so you said Cool Ranch versus Nacho
Cheese Doritos yeah I'm cool ranch 100%
I know a lot of people on the nacho
cheese side of it oh it's so weird a
chalupa commercial just came on and
every one Taco Bell did there they did
the shell they did like a nacho cheese
and a Cool Ranch shell mm-hmm the only
time I think nacho cheese would be
better is in a Taco Bell shell I don't
think it works Cool Ranch for the taco
bell shell so here's my thing I like
nacho cheese better oh yeah
but nacho cheese is about to get [ __ ]
up by Cool Ranch yeah seriously it's
about to get [ __ ] up by cool right the
fact that they get all those colors on
one little chip is a little impressive
also a little like sprinkled green [ __ ]
we don't you know what the [ __ ] we're
eating that could be anything they could
say oh that's [ __ ] arsenic and we'd
be like all right I've heard a rumor
that like the reason Corona is yellow is
because it's made in some dirty factory
in the bot like the bottle like did you
ever hear that rumor about Manos I never
heard that but that sounds like [ __ ]
because all beers yellow no like
something with the pipes in the corona
factory or something and that's the
reason why something or other there's
some myth about Coronas that was that
but like all these factories you don't
know what the [ __ ] goes on I mean like I
heard a story of someone drinking from a
soda can and they got poisoned because
there was like rat piss on the cut on
the top of it or something to this man
there was okay there was a time I had a
Sierre of what is it Sierra Nevada or
something like that the name you know
see it's a beer like Sierra Nevada
something sounds familiar yeah something
like that and I had it and at the I
finished it and then I looked in the
bottle and it looked like there was a
[ __ ] little rat in there
stop it swear to God I swear to God but
what had happened no no but this is what
happened this would happen I drank it I
finished it and then I had left it like
out on the dresser or something and then
when I woke up in the morning and then
like halfway through the day I picked it
up and I was gonna put it in the [ __ ]
recycling or whatever and that's when I
looked in and I saw it and I was like
that [ __ ] can't get in the bot how does
that I was like there's again the 50%
chance I drank this with this dead rat
inside and it was at the factory it got
in there somehow and then but there's a
chance some house out in the bottle take
like yes we were like super [ __ ] up in
the youth I had never seen a rat ever
this was way back when I when I used to
live in my mom's basement I never saw a
rat ever and I saw I didn't think there
were any rats there so I thought there's
a good chance that that [ __ ] was in the
bottle when I drank it dead and then I
was literally thinking about suing them
I was like I was gonna say you because I
thought I was gonna get sick I thought I
was gonna get like some [ __ ] crazy
illness from it hell yeah it was one of
the it was a very like I was shook over
that experience I was shook I normally
the last thing that crosses in my mind
is suing like a company or suing
somebody just because like no I
literally considered it I was like I get
sick I'm a hundred percent suing I
wouldn't even thought about getting sick
if that's if I saw that [ __ ] I would
have first through the [ __ ] up I almost
did but it was like a day later or
something and I just like I literally I
didn't know if it got in there when I
was done drinking here they they don't
know that [ __ ] I know yeah I know
I bought dog food once a big-ass bag of
dog food from Petco open this [ __ ] up
and I guess this happens too but there
was like little maggot things like on
all of the arm on all the little dog
food things can't even give that to your
dog no hell no I was like I want to I
didn't write to the company or anything
but I went back to the store and I was
like what the [ __ ] it's this they're
like yeah sometimes the bigger bags if
they stay on the bottom of the shelves
they get those and like or the batch can
be bad from the factory and I was like
the give me a new bag I think I got a
new dog food or I don't even know maybe
I just returned it and went to a
different store or something but that
was discussed and I opened the bag I
think I was feeding my dogs from it for
a little bit but like you don't know
what the [ __ ] these factories are
probably disgusting oh this [ __ ] yeah
our food is not made in a way we're like
everything is so clean and
I mean that was what that old famous
book was about the jungle was it called
I don't know I Upton Sinclair that was
about like the meat industry in the US
and just how disgusting everything was
and by the way the name is Sierra Nevada
yeah but that's like that's a like a
meat like a lot of these bigger
companies like I've been to a brewery
tour in Milwaukee and it was Coors um
Miller my life mm-hmm and the factory
looked like pristine clean but like
they're also giving tours so like that
shit's gonna be top of the line and
little clean as [ __ ] you know but like
some smaller rent like Heinz ketchup I'm
sure they're their factory is clean and
on point but like Hunt's bougie ass
[ __ ] ketchup is not up to par because
they're not giving any tours anything
that [ __ ] down yeah anything that's
mass-produced is gonna be questionable
the origins of it but even the [ __ ]
that's not mass-produced like we eat
animals so when you eat animals it's
like it already is not like a clean
thing by its nature I'm going beyond
that like I saw it when I went I went to
Petco today to pick up dog food the dude
in front of me had like a Pizza Hut
shirt on like not some [ __ ] that you
could play it was like he worked at
Pizza Hut and like he was there was a
little you know when you go to KFC and
you buy like a chicken tenders and and
they put it in that little mmm
yep cardboard package sure he had two of
those on the counter and I was like
looking at it and there was something
like peeking it's like mouth out through
like like little there was like tiny
little holes and it said like live
animal on it he had like little mices in
there and he was just disgusting his
[ __ ] and the kid looked like like dirty
not judging him but he didn't look like
clean and I was like that dude is
probably either just getting off work at
Pizza Hut or about to go do some weird
[ __ ] with these mices and then go to
work and I like Pizza Hut
so so he's gonna [ __ ] up my food because
we're in the same town oh no so like the
guy who delivers the food from pizza my
husband lice and cardboard thing yeah
and like what if he's delivering
just oh i'm skeptical of all food-like
but it's all the way around the top of
my [ __ ] we live in the world so like
there's no way around that like [ __ ] is
gonna be grimy I know but that was one
of that jarred me the [ __ ] the little
mouse story but but you get over
everything like did you probably you
probably told yourself to next day like
I'm never having this beer ever again
and or disgusted but now if someone gave
you that [ __ ] you probably never I
wouldn't drink it I wouldn't drink it
from there so if someone had a case of
that [ __ ] like you you'd go out your way
to say like nah I'm not sure I don't
think that drinking that [ __ ] no I'm not
drinking that [ __ ] I mean I've had
experiences like that where my reaction
has been like nope like there was one
time I don't know if I've ever told the
story on the podcast but there was one
time where I was sitting at home this
was I was probably in middle school at
the time
I was sitting at home I was eating a ham
sandwich and in the middle of me eating
the ham sandwich I felt like I was
having a heart attack it would it felt
