so laura ingraham stepped up her
propaganda this week let's watch that
now in the midst of this massive
economic boom under President Trump it's
stunning how Democrats simply refuse to
learn if Trump's for it they're against
it even on issues they used to be for
like look at how they've refused for
instance to work with Trump on
legalizing the dreamers or even maybe on
prison reform they won't work with them
well we now see that anti Trump delirium
is pushing Democrats further out of the
American mainstream right to socialism a
new Gallup poll confirms that more
Democrats prefer socialism to capitalism
57% view socialism favorably while just
47% have a favorable view of capitalism
just two years ago those numbers were
flipped 50 cent 6% then favored
capitalism of course it could be that
socialism's attractive new poster gal is
changing minds do you think that the
future of the Democratic Party is
socialism well first of all there's a
huge difference between socialism and
democratic socialism democratic
socialism and really what what that
boils down to me is the basic belief
that I believe that in a moral and and
wealthy America in a moral and modern
America no person should be too poor to
live in this case Trump believes that -
that's why he's growing the economy so
fast
well or maybe it's the indoctrination
against capitalism on college campuses
for instance at Middlebury College
juniors can take a class called beyond
intersectionality developing anti-racist
and anti-capitalist feminism's a
University of Michigan textbook used for
activism class teaches that capitalism
should be overthrown and according to
data from open syllabus project Karl
Marx is the most assigned economist in
u.s. college classes today
great what college students this would
benefit from is a little less rage and a
little more reality like this
devastating exchange
now this goes back to the 70s one of my
favorites between Nobel prize-winning
economist Milton Friedman and old lefty
Phil Donahue it should be required
viewing when you when you see the greed
and the concentration of power with it
daren't you ever did you ever have a
moment of doubt about capitalism and
whether Greed's a good idea to run on
well first of all tell me is there some
society you know that doesn't run on
greed you think Russia doesn't run on
greed you think China doesn't run on
greed
what is greed of course none of us are
greedy it's only the other fellow who's
crazy
this the world runs on individuals
pursuing their separate enters the great
achievements of civilization have not
come from government bureaus Einstein
didn't construct his theory under order
from a from a bureaucrat Henry Ford
didn't revolutionize the automobile
industry that way in the only cases in
which the masses have escaped from the
kind of grinding poverty you're talking
about the only cases in recorded history
or weather where they have had
capitalism and largely free trade if you
want to know where the masses are worse
than worse off worst off it's exactly in
the kinds of societies that depart from
that now let's face it without a solid
grounding in real fact-based economics
and history our young people are sitting
ducks for any huckster promising
freebies free health care free college
free housing and the list goes on and on
free scooters here's an indisputable
historical fact that alludes most
college professors these days there has
never been a successful socialist
government not ever a hundred million
people were killed in socialist regimes
in 20th century the USSR China Cuba
Vietnam North Korea Nicaragua ISM Bob
way etc etc but we don't have to reach
into the annals of history to tell us
this just look at Venezuela today a
country rich in oil where the middle
class once prospered no more and there
we have it time how long was it little
over four
and we finally got to Venezuela it
really is it's it's hilarious at this
point like we've mocked it it's become
like a meme online the rule you're not
listening to us like we'll say something
and their response is just I didn't hear
anything you said Venezuela
okay so earlier we did a segment about
Tucker Carlson and how I think his
framing it was actually a master class
it was a clinic in how to do propaganda
because the points where he needed to
kind of round off those rough edges he
did it successfully like he found a way
to not just come out and save the things
that were utterly ridiculous but he
would just like hint at it and then it
was very sly and clever framing where
you could actually convince people who
aren't already agreeing with you Laura
Ingraham is not as artful I don't think
she's as smart as Tucker Carlson so she
just comes out and says this stuff that
you're supposed to hint at and she makes
it so easy to rebut her because the
entire thing is just a [ __ ] one giant
straw man where she's talking to herself
and sniffing her own farts and not
listening to the counter points that are
being made okay so let's go from the top
here she talks about the Democrats still
don't get it there's a massive economic
boom in Trump's economy right off the
bat there that's such a bad point that
even there are even right-wingers who
will look at what you just said there
and go you're an idiot you have no idea
who you're talking about in fact I'm
gonna get to a segment later about this
exactly about how there are libertarian
economists who are like look out [ __ ]
this economy's fake now Trump and
Republicans love to all great amazing
economy it's ours it's mine I get credit
for everything that's happening right
now in the economy you're gonna wish you
didn't say that when this thing [ __ ]
tanks and it's gonna tank because this
is the most obvious bubble in human
history but Laura Ingraham is too stupid
to realize it
so yeah this amazing economy it's so
wonderful so perfect sure wages are down
and your average person is hurting and
half of workers in America make
thirty thousand dollars a year or less
and the minimum wage isn't even a living
wage but uh there's a massive economic
boom and the Democrats don't even learn
no you don't learn you've learned
nothing we're in a [ __ ] bubble what
happened in the 19-teens and 1920s when
they did tax cuts for the rich and
massive deregulation the Great
Depression what happened after Ronald
Reagan did tax cuts for the rich and
deregulation a giant recession what
happened when Bill Clinton and George W
Bush did tax cuts for the rich and
deregulation and actually to be fair to
Clinton he didn't do the tax cuts for
the rich he just did the deregulation
Bush did the tax cuts for the rich and
further deregulation what happened it is
always a boom-bust cycle you ignorant
buffoon and the thing that's so
frustrating is she's so smug in her
wrongness like ha the Democrats don't
get it this economy's awesome it's
awesome
like she didn't even occur to her that
maybe that's not true at all didn't
occur to her for a second okay that's
the first point second point is she just
lies what these Democrats are so crazy
they don't even want to do a deal for
the dreamers the Republicans have a
majority you say Trump wants to do a
deal for the dreamers the Republicans
have a majority they could do it and
they don't even need the Democrats they
can do it themselves what they want to
do it what do you mean it's they don't
want to do it Trump says every now and
then oh yeah sure I'll make a deal but
then he never does it why cuz he's lying
cuz he's on both sides of every single
issue so we can get away with everything
oh here I'll give you both sides of
everything so that you could just read
into it what you want to read into it
and think that I believe whatever you
want me to believe it's it's an old
trick and he's brilliant at it he was
doing it during the campaign and I was
only one pointing out
okay so dreamers [ __ ] you talking about
of course the Democrats will make it
Iran the dreamers will do it like that
but they don't actually want to do with
the Republicans oh um then he said then
she said well they're their argument
Ocasio cortes says no person should be
too poor to live so she she portrays
that like it's a stupid thing to say
like oh look at these pie-in-the-sky Pro
socialism for lefties by the way yet
again for the
9,000 time we're really not talking
about social ownership of the means of
production socialism socialism we're
talking about social democracy within a
capitalist framework you do a welfare
state you have the bare minimums the
bare necessities meant like Scandinavia
like the Nordic region okay so she
portrays it as like oh no person should
be poor to live isn't that so stupid
then when she cuts back from that clip
she goes Oh Trump agrees with that
so then why were you just mocking it as
if it's stupid if you agree with it why
were you mocking it they can't see that
this is why she's not nearly as good as
Tucker Carlson at this and this is why
he's got probably a significantly better
rating is that he's at least somewhat
artful in his [ __ ] Laura Ingraham
has just fallen all over herself
oh he's stupid lefties they believe in
things like no person should be too poor
to live and Trump believes that too but
I agree with Trump when he believes that
but when the left believes it I attack
them for it see here's the thing that
you're not getting Laura when you play
that clip of Ocasio Cortes people are
gonna agree with it and they're not
ranked partisan hacks like you are a lot
of people aren't so what they'll do is
they'll say well that seemed perfectly
reasonable to me so I don't why are you
attacking her when she says that but you
defend Trump when you say he believes it
okay then she goes on to say oh these
the left is so out of control look at
these Klout classes that they're
teaching on college campuses and ones
like anti-racist class anti-capitalist
class whatever the [ __ ] it was now I
thought that you guys were the against
censorship people on college campuses
that's why you tell me now I happen to
agree with you guys on that issue to the
extent you actually believe it I'm an
actual free speech warrior and my record
speaks for itself I'm the most
consistent [ __ ] free speech warrior
probably that there is in modern
politics I'm I actually will stand up
for left wingers and right wingers if
their free speech is being surprised so
for you two guys to claim over free
speech warriors but then you you're
showing these classes as if I can't
believe these classes exist in anti
capitalist class and anti-racist class
yeah that should exist in the same way
that there should be classes that teach
the history of [ __ ] fascism that
should exist too why is that I thought
the free marketplace of ideas on the
college campus unless
their left-wing ideas in which case I'm
gonna point it out and say I can't
believe these classes exist and then she
goes on to no context whatsoever said
Marx is the most cited economist in
class she acts like the implication is
oh all these colleges are teaching Marx
and there's their Pro Marx you do know
that Marx can be taught in class and
they people are not necessarily Pro Marx
right like you do know that it's
important to know what he said even if
you massively disagree with him right I
hope you know that are you really that
stupid do you don't know that and by the
way I'm sure that that's the case it's
not like Marx is being taught and it's
all nothing but Pro Marx coverage now
and by the way as I've pointed out
repeatedly I don't agree with Marx's
solutions but you cannot deny that his
critiques of capitalism are stunningly
brilliant they are they just are even
people who are massively anti marks can
admit that just because you don't agree
with his solutions doesn't mean that his
critique of capitalism isn't merited and
isn't worth knowing it certainly is but
she again she makes it seem like we're
the free-speech people but marks being
cited on college campuses I don't like
that get rid of the mark stuff well then
you're not the free-speech people okay
then she plays that Milton Friedman clip
now it's a curious clip to pick because
Milton Friedman it you know at times he
has said brilliant stuff I don't agree
with him overall but at times he said
brilliant stuff that was not one of the
examples because one of the things he
says oh great achievement didn't come
from government didn't we go to the moon
because of the government and also this
idea it'll it always comes from probably
the private market that's where all the
innovation comes from that's so
stunningly naive and ignorant because
the reality is yes even when it comes to
the Internet the initial funding that
led to the development and creation of
the Internet internet yes that came from
the government Al Gore got a bunch of
[ __ ] because he said oh I you know he
said something along the lines of like I
I did some of the initial funding that
led to the creation of the Internet and
people were mocking because it's like he
was taking credit for creating the
Internet
which is obviously an extreme thing to
say but the general idea of government
funding leading to the development
creation of the internet that's true it
was government funding cuz there's no
immediate Ness there's no immediately
obvious profit margin in creating
something like the Internet so private
companies gonna look at it and say you
want me to invest how much money for no
guaranteed payoff they're not gonna say
yes to that and they didn't say yes to
that they needed government investment
so it's just ignorant and wrong to say
oh there's nothing good ever comes from
the government then Laura Ingraham again
totally drops all the nuance and says
things that are flat-out stupid she says
she mocks the idea of free health care
and free college and she equates it to
free scooters how do you not see how
stupid that is who compares free health
care and college necessities education
necessity health care necessity who
compares that to free scooters you do
cuz you're a jackass and then of course
the final cherry on top
no socialist government anywhere has
worked she cites a bunch by the way
notice she slipped in North Korea but
you're not even trying
you're not even trying with your
propaganda everything that I don't like
that's bad is socialism everything that
I don't like that's bad Stalin socialism
Hitler socialism North Korea socialism I
stubbed my toe in the morning socialism
you have to at least be somewhat nuanced
in your criticism instead of just
flinging your feces against the wall and
hoping it sticks so that's obviously
wrong and when you say there's never
been a successful socialist government
you totally omit an entire category of
social democracy which has been my point
all along it's been the point of many
people in this insurgent left-wing
movement all along that they keep
telling you that we can't create a
better future and that's not correct and
we have it's like we have all the
empirical evidence on our side if you
just point to Scandinavia in the Nordic
countries all of the evidence but the
only way they could counter argue is to
just ignore our
entire point and pretend were making a
point that we're not making they really
their whole argument is to pretend like
we're saying we want Venezuela that's
their whole argument but we're not
saying that none of us are saying that
most of us are saying we want
Scandinavia but they don't even
acknowledge that I don't know socialism
people died it was bad I thought
Arianism something something stupid kids
you want free health care in college
that's not workable even though it works
in every other developed country
perfectly so it's just as clever as
Tucker was in his propaganda Laura
Ingraham was the exact opposite and was
embarrassingly pathetic and sad with it
and that's probably why her ratings are
worse than Tucker Carlson because she
doesn't know how to massage the point
she only she only she's a bull in a
china shop and the only people who are
gonna watch that are people who are
already massively inclined to agree with
her so that's not an audience that's
gonna grow with Tucker on the other hand
he was just clever enough and smooth
enough with his propaganda where he
could win over some new people because
they'll say oh it seems like he might be
making sense Laura they're not gonna do
that if they're thinking even even a
little bit as they watch Laura Ingraham
segment
