I hope you're getting ready for the next
giant economic crash because I guarantee
you that it's coming so take a look at
this this is from the Washington Post
ten years after financial crisis Senate
prepares to roll back banking rules
isn't that lovely and you know who's
doing it
look at this next headline Republicans
are about to deregulate banks with
Democratic support 12 Senate Democrats
are backing a Republican bill to weaken
parts of dodd-frank so there's this
thing that I say and I say it pretty
often and I say it because it's true and
the point is bipartisanship as a general
rule is actually terrible it's actually
bad because the overwhelming majority of
the time when Democrats and Republicans
in Washington DC are agreeing they're
agreeing to screw you they're agreeing
to do the bidding of their donors so
that's why you should scoff when all the
centrist and establishment outlets start
begging for more bipartisanship because
they never go into the specifics they
never go into the details there's just
this underlying assumption that centrism
and bipartisanship is good by definition
but again they won't describe to you how
when there is agreement in Washington
between Democrats and Republicans it's
typically to screw you and to help their
rich buddies so let me give you the
breakdown of this here Senate Banking
Committee Chair Mike Crapo who has a
very appropriate last name he's a
Republican from Indiana and he's
sponsoring the bill it's called the
economic growth regulatory relief and
consumer protection act of course you
have to name a bill in an Orwellian way
that's like a rule in Washington DC
that's how we got the Patriot Act for
example the Patriot Act and by Patriot
we mean take away all of your
constitutional rights and forget due
process in habeas corpus and spy on you
endlessly patriotic as patreon
you do those things so you could see how
Orwell's at work here - the economic
growth regulatory relief and consumer
protection at consumer protection my ass
cheeks so here's what's in the bill
under current law banks with assets of
fifty billion dollars or more are
subject to stricter oversight from the
Federal Reserve and you know the reason
for that is simple Wow
it wasn't that long ago was in 2008 when
there was really really really lacks
regulation and as a result of that the
people at the banks were not the
smartest guys in the room they were the
greediest guys in the room and they made
terrible decisions that bankrupted
themselves and also brought down the
world economy so how about we have some
regulatory oversight for every bank that
is 50 billion dollars or above because
if you don't have referees there to make
sure that things aren't going crazy
things are gonna go crazy well guess
what in this bill they that raises the
threshold of banks that get strict
regulatory oversight to two hundred and
fifty billion dollars now they make the
hilarious argument that you don't
understand they're just doing this
because they want to help small
community financial institutions that's
why you have to raise the threshold for
oversight from 50 billion to two hundred
and fifty billion yeah there's so many
you know mom-and-pop 150 billion dollar
financial institutions out there at face
value this [ __ ] is ridiculous by the way
you know who was getting stronger
oversight and now it's gonna be lacks
that little that small business known as
American Express that's just one example
so they're lying to you they're lying
right to your face now the bill affects
about two dozen banks in total there's
another provision that allows foreign
mega banks such as dodge bank and HSBC
to put their American
assets into a separate holding company
to avoid US regulatory scrutiny so again
here we go they say it's to help small
banks but they raise the threshold from
50 billion to 250 billion so obviously
it's very big bags that are affected by
this and then on the other hand they
take foreign mega banks Deutsche Bank
HSBC and there's a loophole where they
can put their American assets into a
separate company to avoid up being
regulated this is right back to the
[ __ ] tricks that led to the crash in
the first place the bill allows lenders
with ten billion dollars and under to
expand the types of mortgages that they
offer so you know we can go for example
back to adjustable rate mortgages you
know again those things that were a
giant problem where they would say oh
we're gonna give you a low interest rate
now but in five or six years you're
gonna get slapped with you know a
gigantic spike in that interest rates
and hey you'll deal with it at the time
we'll cross that bridge when we come to
it
but then when everybody's rate went up
every bubble burst and nobody could pay
for it and there was a giant [ __ ]
crash and now they're going right back
to that it also eases appraisal
requirements on loans and exempt small
banks from disclosure rules so the bill
exempts small banks from the Volcker
Rule and again small they're talking
about here under two hundred fifty
billion and the Volcker Rule for those
of you who don't know that prohibits
speculative investments so like casino
capitalist risky bets from happening
with your money depositor money can't be
used for risky investments but now
they're scrapping that for small banks
and also it weakens leverage rules over
leveraging was again one of the main
problems that led to the original crash
to begin with this is unbelievably you
know crazy and it's almost comical like
the degree to which Wall Street has
captured our government is almost a
parody because it wasn't again it was
ten years ago wasn't that long ago that
we had a giant crash and they're going
right back
to the same things and then there they
brag about it because it's like hey we
agreed in a bipartisan fashion to do
something stupid but at least it's
bipartisan and a lot of the articles are
framed that way they're frame like well
looks like they're really getting
something done in Congress kappa is it
good or bad they don't tell you that
part so I want to give you the Democrats
who were for it this is absolutely
maddening you have Senator Joe Donnelly
from Indiana these are the Democrats the
Republicans there they're a lost cause
everybody knows they're a lost cause
they're hopeless the Republicans in DC I
mean they are nothing but a an arm of
Wall Street in corporate America but the
Democrats specifically the Blue Dogs and
the corporate Democrats they're just as
bad Joe Donnelly of Indiana a Heidi
Heitkamp of North Dakota Jon Tester of
Montana Mark Warner Claire McCaskill Joe
Manchin Joe man should Paula Jean
Swearengen you better go vote for if
you're in West Virginia in the primary
Tim Kaine remember when Hillary Clinton
and all the Democrats were trying to
pretend like no Tim Kaine has actually
really progressive we're not full of
[ __ ] yes you are he supported [ __ ]
TPP and now he's supporting Wall Street
deregulation what a joke this is and you
wonder why Donald Trump won well maybe
if Hillary Clinton didn't repeatedly and
routinely stab her bass in the back
maybe she would have been able to hang
on and win Gary Peters Michael Bennett
Chris Coons Thomas Carper and Doug Jones
remember Doug Jones
oh yay Doug Jones he won this is gonna
be great
the people the people who put Doug Jones
over the top poor people people of color
women and so people who are more
vulnerable those are the people who in
Alabama put Doug Jones over the top he
gets in there one of the first things he
does is deregulates the banks it's gonna
speed up the next crash which is going
to disproportionately hurt who the poor
in the most Boulder
in society I mean this is again it's
like a sick joke and what on earth makes
these Democrats think well you know in
order to be moderate in order to be
reasonable what we have to do is we have
to agree with the Republicans on core
issues no that's that's the [ __ ]
philosophy of democratic strategists who
repeatedly lose they keep losing
elections and now you still think
they're geniuses and they're right when
they say well rural voters in Indiana
and moderates want Wall Street to crash
the economy again so you got to do what
they want you to do who the [ __ ] that
voted for Doug Jones was seeing it
sitting at home going yes what are we
gonna give a Deutsche Bank another break
we need to give HSBC a hand up in this
crazy economy by the way they go on to
explain how the banks that they're
deregulated fifty billion to two hundred
fifty billion it's they're not they're
not struggling because they have this
[ __ ] argument of like oh it's
burdensome regulations and they can't
function in this situation
well no they're actually those banks are
doing fine right now
you know who's struggling working people
thanks you're doing fine but they take
the bank's who are already doing really
well and they go well since things are
going okay for them let's make life even
easier for them and deregulate them even
more it's not true that the way to win
elections and the way to win moderate
voters is to be corrupt because that's
what this is this is hey we're gonna be
corrupt and serve our big donors it's
not true that that's what you need to do
in order to win elections in fact it's
the opposite you have to super serve
your base if you're a Democrat if you
want to get reelected now who the [ __ ]
who voted for doug jones is gonna run to
the polls in the next election when he's
up for re-election all the people who
just voted for him he stabbed her in the
back but in his mind oh it's okay
because i'll pick up these phantom
center-right moderate republicans that's
not gonna happen
the republicans are going to vote for
you under no circumstances and you just
stabbed the people in the back who would
have voted for you your base so now it's
a guarantee that joke doug jones is
going to be out
in the next election cycle and when he
acts like this he [ __ ] deserves it
because you immediately stabbed in the
back the people who put you there now
it's not just that idiot Democrats think
this is a smart strategy obviously we
need to act like Republicans in order to
get Democrats to vote for us what that's
really what they believe that's really
what they believe that's really what
they believe but that's not all they
believe because there's another reason
why they did this take a look the
Financial Times pointed out that banks
that stand to benefit from the
legislation namely those with assets
within sight of the fifty billion dollar
range appear to have increased donations
to Senate Democrats who support the bill
individuals connected to signature Bank
a regional bank have donated one hundred
and twelve thousand dollars to senators
so far in the 2017-2018 election cycle
eight times as much as it did during the
entire 2015-2016 election cycle
senators Heitkamp and Donnelly two of
the bills co-sponsors have been the
biggest recipients of the signature link
Democratic donations ian Katz an analyst
at the Washington research firm capital
alpha partners told me it's possible the
Crapo bill could introduce some risk as
certain banks will now get less
supervision but this scenario won't be
dire quote it doesn't look to me it
doesn't look to me like it introduces
new significant risk into the system he
said that's [ __ ] adorable so an
analyst at the Washington research firm
capital alpha partners so in other words
somebody who's in bed with these same
[ __ ] is like this won't cause
systemic risks oh my god they're
fleecing all of us the government is so
beholden to big money and corporate
donors that like I said at the beginning
is it's like it's like a parody it's
like comical you know I mean this is so
brazen so blatant so overt it's almost
like they're rubbing it in your face how
corrupt they are we just had a subprime
mortgage crisis in a Great Recession by
the way there wasn't there
no recovery for regular people the
recovery all went to the rich and think
about what happened in the wake of that
recession Barack Obama stepped in he
didn't say I'm gonna bailout the people
he didn't do that he said oh we're gonna
bail out Wall Street so the same people
who just crashed the economy and
bankrupted their own companies you run
in there with a blank check of taxpayer
money and then they turn around and pay
bonuses to the people who made the
decisions that crashed the economy and
bankrupted their companies so this is a
game it's a game and there's no
consequences for them they [ __ ] up in
the first place
they got a bonus anyway now they're
right back to [ __ ] up and now they
got rid of the few rules that were in
place that tried to make sure this
doesn't happen again and then when
there's another crash the idiots on CNBC
and Fox Business are gonna be like oh
who could have seen this coming this is
so shocking I see it coming anybody with
a functioning brain who's not corrupt
sees it coming it's unbelievable and at
the same time this [ __ ] is going on they
pass a tax bill where 83% of the
benefits of the tax bill go to the top
one percent the bill raises taxes over a
10-year period on everybody making
$75,000 a year or less it raises it
excuse me cuts corporate taxes from
thirty five percent to twenty one
percent at a time when corporations are
already paying a historically low
percentage of the tax burden
corporations used to pay 33 percent of
the federal tax burden now they pay
about nine percent it's gonna be less
that burden is shifted on to you all the
while you get rid of the referees for
the richest people who rigged the
economy in the first place speeding up
the next crash and you're gonna shoulder
the burden of the next crash as well
that's what's gonna happen and half of
workers in America make thirty thousand
dollars a year or less about thirty
million people don't have health care
this is the country that we're living in
and the party that's supposed to be the
party of the workers a dozen of them
just stand
you in the back for some ridiculous
electoral notion of me stabbing the
voters in the back is somehow gonna help
me in the next election even though it's
not and also they did it for corrupt
reasons because they're taking donations
from these banks so there is no worker
party for the workers in America because
the one thing everybody seems to agree
on actually there's two things everybody
seems to agree on always do what Wall
Street wants and always push for more
war well we want people who are gonna
stand up against those things we want
people who are gonna fight Wall Street
on behalf of workers because those
interests are not aligned if you're on
the side of big banks and Wall Street
you are by definition against the
workers so we need somebody's gonna
fight Wall Street we need somebody who's
gonna fight the military-industrial
complex we're bombing eight different
countries right now talk to a random
dude in Kentucky you know he's just
trying to keep his [ __ ] lights on and
pay the water bill meanwhile we're
spending billions untold billions of
dollars overseas who in Niger is a
threat to that dude in Kentucky that
they're not there so stop wasting our
money that our infrastructure gets a
grade of D plus let's rebuild here at
home let's make our infrastructure get
an a-plus let's do a new New Deal and
put people to work but no your
government is too busy representing big
banks and lying to write your face oh
we're only doing this to help community
banks really what's your definition of a
community bank well we're gonna get rid
of the regulations for if they have two
hundred and forty nine billion dollars
that doesn't sound like a community bank
to me [ __ ] this is unconscionable man
the Democrats should be [ __ ] ashamed
of themselves and then listen you know
what another result of this is you're
rolling the dice in the next election it
would be a guaranteed blue wave if
Democrats ran on policy issues and were
serious about it imagine if every
democrat got on the same page and said
here's our agenda Medicare for
all free college living wage and the
Wars legalize marijuana
universal background checks on gun
purchases Democrats can run on any
individual issue and have a blue tsunami
the likes of which we've never seen but
they're not doing that they're talking
about [ __ ] stormy Daniels they're
talking about Russia non-stop and
they're deregulating the banks and so
now what you're doing is you're rolling
the dice in the next election
there still might be a blue wave but
that blue wave would be an accident it
would just be a Trump backlash and the
wave isn't gonna be worth much if you
get a bunch of Democrats elected and
then those Democrats keep agreeing to do
right-wing policies like deregulating
the bank's if that blue wave is not
really a blue wave it's a blue wave in
name but center-right politicians get
elected corporatist get elected then
what's the point of the blue wave in the
first place cuz you're gonna get right
way policies at the end of the day
anyway so they're rolling the dice here
for for the re-election because they
continue to stab
regular people in the back and do the
bidding of their donors so this is one
of the saddest things I've ever seen
we've learned nothing from history we
just had a crash because of these
policies and we're going right back to
these policies and as they implement
them they're bragging about it
we did something in a bipartisan way
sure the bipartisan bill is the stick a
broom up your mother's ass act but hey
at least it's bipartisan and bipartisan
means we're working together and working
together is by definition good so shut
up and cheer us as we do the bidding of
our donors no we're not going to do that
we're going to fight back against you
because both parties are wholly bought
known by the banks
