good a humans welcome to We the People
live the discussion show for planet
Earth the place that makes debate
healthy again I am your host Josh Zepps
today I wish this were longer I wish it
were a longer conversation Kyle kolinsky
is a talk show host he has a show on the
well it's an affiliate of the Young
Turks Network his YouTube show is called
secular talk he has over a half a
million subscribers he has almost a half
a billion video views over 120,000
followers on Twitter all by articulating
a very passionate defense of the left
wing of the Democratic Party I could
have spoken like I say for 2 for 2 or 3
hours with him about all kinds of things
but we try to hop scotch around a bunch
of things that are in the political
either and I think he's an interesting
representative all open he and I don't
agree on everything he's an interesting
representative of one way of approaching
a political reason at the moment and of
opposing what we might regard as the
forces of darkness and evil in a way
that articulates a very passionate and
robust and ballsy vision of the left I
won't speak for him I will let him speak
for him without further ado ladies and
gentlemen I bring to you Kyle Kaminski
this is We the People
Kyle thanks so much for being on the
show thanks for having me man I
appreciate it
this is I think this is a good
opportunity for me to talk to as many
other people who have been buzzing
around the pod sphere new media world on
both sides of the political aisle
because we all seem so hunkered down
into our political camps that I want to
understand how other people are thinking
about the current political moment can
you give people who maybe only vaguely
aware of you a snapshot of where you sit
oh sure I mean I would describe my
politics as populist to left you know
more probably a simpler way to explain
that is I'm sympathetic to social
democracy so that means that in the
context of the u.s. I would be left of
the Democratic Party on economic issues
and feel kind of stranded and lonely on
the national scene I mean there are some
people who represent a huge primary win
in New York City having you with this uh
this this barnstorming young Latina
woman who has knocked off the the old
fuddy-duddy guy in the Democratic Party
well that's right and that's actually
she's a one of the first Justice
Democrats and I was a co-founder of that
group justice Democrats so we have had
some wins that's for sure but you know
nationally you have Bernie Sanders in
the Senate Elizabeth Warren half the
time and then yeah like you mentioned
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes who will be
going to Congress and you have ROH
Khanna in Congress Raul Grijalva there's
a few maybe I'm overstating it and I'm
sorry what is this justice group that
you were talking about it's called
justice Democrats and basically the idea
was to get Bernie Sanders style
Democrats to take over the Democratic
Party and you know pretty much get the
Democratic Party off of corporate money
is the gist of it and get them to be
more like old-school FDR New Deal style
Democrats what about the predictable
response that you must get all the time
which is that the fundamental reality is
that voters in America a center-right
people they are not Danes they have
never
voted successfully for candidates well
not in the past half-century for
candidates who espouse the kind of
progressive views that that you embrace
they've only gone for Democrats when
they're quasi sort of Blue Dog Democrats
like Bubba Clinton and and even to some
extent Obama who tried to pave this very
very centrist way and maybe you think
that it blow up in his face but enough
Americans think that he was too far left
that they're never going to jump on your
bandwagon so that's a great question it
turns out that that narrative which is
the predominant narrative in US politics
among Democratic strategists is just
factually incorrect so when you look at
the past few decades actually in
democratic politics you find very
quickly that this notion that you know
kind of centrist Democrats who are okay
with corporate money and willing to be a
part of the establishment they've gotten
their butt handed to them I'm saying but
when I normally say another word I don't
know if I could curse on your show so
you sure go for it what do we what is
actually quite a quaint and polite word
for the level of this show so that's
you're in good company well we're gonna
start with us and we can gradually we
can gradually graduate up to [ __ ] we'll
break it right now these guys got their
[ __ ] asses handed to them and yeah so
they lost a thousand seats using this
philosophy you know and under Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama
what do you mean by four thousand states
over what period of time are we talking
about under their leadership so you go
from Barack Obama being a so actually
predates Obama to so say 2004 until
today we've had the Democrats lose
because they had a super majority under
Obama and then it was squandered very
quickly and yeah but the reason it was
surely the reason it was squandered I
mean what's wrong with the narrative
that the reason it was squandered is
because he tried the most progressive
overhaul of health care that had ever
been attempted in another great question
so that that caused the 2010 the 2010
backlash of the tea my response to that
is he actually didn't try the most
progressive overhaul in fact he did the
Heritage Foundation's plan yeah you know
so that I guess there are two there are
two points here that it's worth not
conflating one is what was the actual
policy and the other is what was the
rhetoric around the backlash to the
policy that led the Democrats to suffer
an electoral defeat so the actual policy
I agree with you was a sort of fairly
moderate Republican market-based policy
but there's but it's ridiculous to
imagine I think that had it been a
full-blooded medicare-for-all policy
that the chance of get your government
hands off our healthcare system this is
a government takeover of health care and
especially given that the the medical
establishment wouldn't have been on side
for that whereas they were on side for
for Obamacare the very powerful doctors
Lobby and so on it I kind of met and how
the backlash would have been less well I
mean it's easy to imagine it actually
when you look at the polls today because
for example over 60% of the American
people today support Medicare for all
and the game-changer on that front was
of course Bernie Sanders actually
bothering to make an argument see that's
the thing that's annoyed me for so long
about the Democratic Party and that's
why we did justice Democrats it's one of
many reasons but they they never fought
and they never actually believed in the
ideas that they were supposed to believe
in if they if they actually were part of
this strain of thought
along with FDR's New Deal philosophy so
basically the point is they've abandoned
their roots now remote you gotta
remember FDR the Republicans had to come
up with term limits to try to make sure
that we'd never get another situation
like they were in because FDR was so
wildly popular that they're like we
literally just can't beat this guy and
he was kind of a run-of-the-mill social
democrat and I'm of the belief that and
of course the polls reflect this today
but even at times where the polls do not
reflect it and I think you do have an
argument on that front the further back
you go so around like you know 2008 2009
Medicare for all was not over 50% but my
whole point all along was that we need
to have Democrats who are educating the
public and willing to make strong
arguments in favor of things that they
should value and again to bring back
Bernie Sanders he he did a fantastic job
pointing out the
basic fact that every other developed
country has one version or another of a
single-payer system and that we're
lagging behind the rest of the world on
this front and that's just an empirical
fact you can't argue against it so the
thing that's annoyed me is that you know
the more the right shrieks endlessly
about how like you mentioned Obamacare
is this government takeover of health
care and it's terrible and they have
death panels and if we had strong
populist left Democrats the response to
that could have been we already have
death panels it's called Blue Cross Blue
Shield in Humana
it's called for-profit health insurance
companies so that's basically all I'm
asking for all Justice Democrats is
asking for we want Democrats to be what
they should have been all along and
we're also be willing to guarantee
better election results because when you
have strong Social Democrats willing to
make an argument and argue for ideas
that are actually already overwhelmingly
popular you tend to win hmm I think what
you and I see totally eye-to-eye is that
even if we put aside the electoral
plausibility of the ideas that you're
putting forth being popular right now
there is a long-term game that the
Republicans have been playing which is
let's just shift the the kind of
parameters of the discourse you know
what the what the geeks call the Overton
Window the meaning the the kind of
window in which an idea is regarded as
being a legitimate thing for discussion
among sensible people and things like
you know abolishing the EPA would it
when would've just been insane
they wouldn't have you would have been
laughed out of the room even just twenty
or thirty years ago I mean it was Nixon
who created the EPA now they are popular
punch lines at Republican primary
debates and so the audacity of pushing
as far out as you can and and defending
the most extreme position in the
knowledge that you're never going to
quite get that probably but but you're
certainly gonna get a better deal than
you would have if you'd started by being
meek and modest I mean this I think
everyone now agrees that this was
Obama's kind of frustrating failure that
he would always go into positions
assuming the best of his opponents and
and beginning with an opening gambit
that was quite weak and tolerant of the
other side's considerations at which
point there
would scream and call him a socialist
communist Kenyan and that he'd end up
with something that was halfway between
his moderate position in their extreme
position whereas if he'd gone exactly an
opening gal but there was extreme you
could have ended up somewhere halfway
between the two so yeah I think even if
even if I'm right that there is no
actual electoral consensus for Medicare
for all right now I agree with you that
it makes sense for the Democrats to have
some spine and articulate positions that
are considerably to the left of the ones
that they've traditionally embraced
simply so that they're in a stronger
position to negotiate something halfway
there so the only part of that analysis
that I would disagree with is just a
point that I mean every poll I've seen
within the past two years has shown
medicare-for-all way over fifty percent
I thought I posed as much as you do Kyle
I think that when you get into the
rough-and-tumble like I think I think I
think if you call someone while they're
having dinner and you say do you think
everyone should have free health care
from the government they're like
munching on a lamb chop and they're like
yeah yeah sure and then when you get
into the rough-and-tumble of a political
campaign where your opponents are
spending you know literally hundreds of
millions or even billions of dollars
that are coming from medical device
manufacturers and the doctors lobby and
all of that running scare campaigns
about a government takeover then whether
or not they actually vote for the
candidate who is proposing that thing is
a different question well yeah and I
think that again another part that ties
into that is how effective are they at
making an argument I mean that's another
part of Paul it's kind of a lost art in
politics it's the idea of being able to
sell your ideas in a way that's actually
effective and I mean I know this is a
perhaps an awkward time to bring up
Trump because he doesn't really have a
coherent philosophy and that goes
without saying but as far as being a
Salesman and and marketing and being
repetitive and going on the offense mmm
I think he's actually a political genius
in that respect yeah I would also
actually dispute what you just said that
you said it goes without saying that he
doesn't have a coherent political
philosophy I think part of his success
and part of what has baffled people who
crave a certain level of intellect and
competence in politics and what is so
aggravating to Trump's critics like us
is that we can't see what the his
coherent political philosophy is but
through a series of sort of subtle dog
whistles and also not at all subtle
bombastic tweets his political
philosophy is quite clear to the people
who who dig it and I think it's it's
something like we've been being stabbed
in the back forever it's a pretty it's a
pretty common political philosophy
amongst populist and authoritarians
actually we've been being stabbed in the
back forever by a feat namby-pamby x'
who don't have the backbone to stand up
for our own interests and we've been
sold down the river in deals that are
stitched up between K Street lobbyists
in Washington and Wall Street finances
I'm the only guy who's actually
independent doesn't take doesn't need to
take swamp money like the rest of them
so let's make this country great and
start looking after numero uno instead
of prancing around the the world in on
Air Force One like the the black guy the
last black guy did selling out selling
out our coal industry for to eurofags
and [ __ ] and climate hysterics you
know it's time to it's time to grow up
and I think like every everything that
he does is suffused with that whether
it's blocking children in cages
separating them from their families at
the border it's like now the grown-ups
are in charge you know we're not gonna
be when up if there's no more mr. nice
guy like we are we are gonna defend
ourselves and we're gonna put ourselves
first and if you're a different color
and if you're foreign and if you're if
you're from a different political
philosophy then you can eat [ __ ] and die
cuz like America got great by by being
great not by [ __ ] I'm singing Kumbaya
and being and being Denmark like that to
me is his overarching political
philosophy and it says bright and is
clear to me as a Trump sign on top of a
skyscraper see the funny thing is that
like I remember his closing political ad
I actually thought it was really good in
that it was hard-hitting and he really
tried to make this case that it's like
kind of like you touched on there it's
me versus the establishment it's me
versus the elites which is you know a
theme that people across the political
spectrum could actually relate to and
they think yeah you know I have gotten a
rough deal and I don't think people on
Wall Street in Washington DC you're
looking out for me but then the reason
why I said you know I can't really
ascertain a clear political philosophy
from him or Co here in political
philosophy from him is that as far as I
could tell
she's done the bidding of the
establishment I mean look at his tax
bill for example you know it would cut
the corporate tax rate from thirty one
percent to twenty five percent it gutted
the estate tax and raised it from
applying to people with over five
million dollars in net worth to over
eleven million dollars and net worth and
we can go down the list here I mean all
of the the deregulatory actions the fact
that he's pointing people to head
agencies that basically don't want those
agencies to exist whether it's EPA or
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
so I mean in many ways Trump to me
actually seems like a his actions his
policies are very much like a standard
establishment Republican he's just an
establishment Republican plus mean
tweets which know if that's important
that's important Kyle because it depends
how you define establishment you define
the establishment in the way that I
think a reasonable progressive person
defines the establishment which is very
rich powerful people very very rich old
white guys who run things but his base
regards the establishment as cult as a
cultural thing not so much an economic
thing and I think his base like is it's
often been observed by Western European
analysts that that the the peculiar
thing about Americans is that they all
think they're gonna be rich like even if
it doesn't end up happening they're all
like rich guys they've want everyone in
America this whole ethos of the land of
opportunity and pulling yourself up by
your bootstraps like no matter how many
times you you look at the economic
numbers and you see that social mobility
from like the bottom quintile to the top
quintile in the United States is far
lower than it is in other countries that
have more progressive policies there's
still this this widespread American
belief that it is the place where
anything is possible and to give
credence to that point of view that is
somewhat true because it is hard to
imagine an Obama coming out of nowhere
and becoming the prime minister of
Germany or Australia it wouldn't happen
because there are too many too many
impediments in their path and it's hard
to imagine an Oprah Winfrey being an
Oprah Winfrey in another country but
these are extreme outliers and the mere
fact that America facilitates the rise
of extreme outliers like they're more
Elon Musk or something like that doesn't
mean that it's a more egalitarian place
that's all just a slight aside to
to say I agree with your point about
your baffle that he has just gone in and
he is like playing in the swamp iasts
womp that there's been in our living
memory I mean I can't remember an
administration that was so swampy if you
regard the establishment as being rich
it pokes who don't want the government
to interfere in their business but if
you like rich [ __ ] pokes and you
empathize with their desire for the
government not to poke their nose in
your business and your definition of the
establishment is government bureaucrats
who are who have never done anything in
the real world in their lives and
they're just writing regulations that
make industry less competitive and that
sell America down the stream and make
your life harder by raising taxes and
increasing paperwork and if you see
people going in there with their swords
and even if they are a bit dirty like
Scott Pruett they're cut they're
slashing away at things and making life
easier for the for the men who really
built this country and I say men
advisedly cuz I think there's a lot of
sexism in this world view as well then
Trump is anti-establishment because he's
anti he's anti regulators he's anti
pipsqueaks and he's anti all of these
cultural effete transgender you know
[ __ ] who have got too many TV shows
and who applauded each other too much at
the at the Oscars
like if that's your conception of the
