hello everybody yo how y'all doing today
I was just commenting to Koren about how
we look like we're basically basically
like somebody took the same DNA and just
like put a different shirt on the thing
we just look like the carbon like copy
of a generic white boy with like that's
why this go ahead the [ __ ] um cartoon
I want this to to make all he's got to
do is just [ __ ] modify that [ __ ]
you're still upset about the cartoon
that's hilarious but you have the white
shirt on I have the gray shirt on it
literally looks like our hair is exactly
the same yeah like our [ __ ] is both a
little [ __ ] up that's why I like when
um they would it would be like black
girls in high school or Spanish girls or
whatever they would always just be like
oh that white boy and he I cou like the
white boy with the spiky hair like we're
all the same
well definitely in our high school too
because of our hair everybody had the
spiky hair mm-hm it was just everybody
had the spiky it was just across the
board every white dude had the spiky
hair and the gel yeah that's why it's
like when you're explaining a white boy
like us it's just like that white boy
like yeah like how do you yes I'm saying
you could be talking about you me yes
dude who's got the blowout like yeah
it's like he's you know he's like 510 or
maybe 6 feet he's got like a normal
frame he's not like too big not too
small but like if I'm explaining like
like if there was his black dude I saw
or something like that like they're so G
in the way they look you could be like
dude he had he had that chisel like in
his hair and was wearing that she was
like oh that's rod there was a dude in
my business law class back in high
school his name was Octavius he had like
that's like a powerful name and he had
these giant Falcon earrings that took up
like his whole goddamn earlobe and like
he had a little bit of acne on his
cheeks but he was so G that he almost
made acne cool that I looked at him and
I was like damn he's sort of rocking
that a little bit it's like he chose to
have like a few little bumps on his
cheeks on
both cheeks that's why I like that ass
like black people don't get enough
credit for just being like the most
awesome like people well they're
definitely trendsetters there's a
trendsetters by a mile it's just they do
[ __ ] that like you like everyone's just
like I can't pull that off I can't do
that like like you're talking about
earrings I remember black girls in high
school used to have like these big-ass
earrings with their name like in the
[ __ ] and I'll be like damn like no other
like you can't no one can't pull that
[ __ ] off because you're just confident
and they just wear that [ __ ] did you
over rock the necklace with your name on
it no I never had the necklace but I had
I had a ring that had CC on it had CC on
by the way 18 years old I would wear I
feel like this conversation we're having
is super new Yorkish like I feel like
there's there's somebody listening right
now in like California who's like
[ __ ] you had your initials on a
ring okay they're gonna think that's
crazy when they hear that well that's
what makes like New York unique there's
a mix of everything you go to California
everybody's got a surfboard got like I
don't know what a California high school
look like but I'm sure everybody was
just the same in class like I don't know
how widespread earrings on boys is like
we every a lot of guys at our high
school like earring guys wearing
earrings was a big thing oh yeah it was
almost as normal as a dude wearing a
watch or a dude wearing a necklace yeah
but like I don't know I don't think
that's a thing in a lot of places like I
don't think that and that was it and let
me be clear for everybody
it wasn't like people looked at a dude
who wore earrings and they thought like
oh he's probably gay like that wasn't a
thing like the thing was if you wore one
earring on the right ear then that's
supposed to be a sign that you're gay
yeah if you wore one earring on the left
ear or if you wore two earrings that was
like probably the majority of the dudes
we went to high school with including us
mm-hmm so but I don't know how
widespread of a thing that was you know
what I mean like I don't know if that
like metrosexual type thing is a little
specific to
New York you know what I mean I would
have to say it is because I mean I just
I don't know how it started but I got my
ear pierced when I was like in third
grader like something you had a way
before me like really young but I'm
coming to think of it it's just like why
was it a thing because I remember like
we as a family we went to icing or
whatever the [ __ ] it was Claire's right
and and like maybe my brother wanted to
get one or something like that and then
my dad was like all right like I'm gonna
get one so we all just got one but I
don't know who my brother saw or what
like what made him do it but to your
point I feel like it was only like a
East Coast New York Long Island type of
maybe Jersey was in on it or something
like that
yeah I feel like North East maybe but if
anybody's listening and they're from I
don't know the Midwest or they're from
the west coast like you comment in the
comment section if you if that was the
thing that was commenter on you because
here if you saw a dude with earrings a
young dude with the earrings you don't
think twice you're just like okay and I
wonder if it was if I had to guess I
don't know for sure but if I had to
guess I feel like that started like
black people started that and then white
people were like I'm gonna I'm gonna do
that too yep you know what I mean and I
don't think it translated to Florida
because I remember I think I went to
Florida to visit a friend when I was in
high school when I had both my ears
pierced and I went to like a high school
basketball game in Miami or something
like that and they had their own trends
and I had the earrings and that like
like separated me they were like oh
you're from CAA like I was like a I'm
from New York so they were like I must
have just like oh that's how you do it
up there like this is our our style down
here you know like by the way another
thing like that
that definitely started with black
people and white people still don't
really do it lineups
yeah and tape up yeah all that stuff
from the barber shop the fades I feel
like white and black like you'll have
white dudes and black dudes have always
gotten fades but the lineup especially
in the front like I feel like when I was
young and I went to a white barbershop
mm-hmm they would do the lot they would
line you up in the back
and they'd like do your sideburns but
they would never do the front they'd
never do it across and they'd never do
it on the sides here and then the first
time I went to a black barber and they
do it and they did it he like blew my
mind but then I'm also like God like it
looks so much better when you line it up
in the front okay
how the [ __ ] did Y plate not think like
did not didn't do that yeah I mean I
think that they think no or just
naturally like real I mean the others
probably plenty of things that you do it
I mean you look at trends like closing
all this [ __ ] and there's a hit and a
Miss in my opinion like the skinny jeans
is like that was just such a like just
really skinny ones like those shits got
popular and I was like I don't know
you're doing but to be fair we were when
we were young we had the baggy jeans
were in and I thought those look good
but then now if you look back at some of
the the sizes of the jeans and just
pants in general from back in the day it
was too baggy oh yeah and you're like oh
that like you you're purposely like two
sizes too big with that [ __ ] yeah my
friends have a picture of Tiger Woods in
like 1999 or some [ __ ] and the pants he
was wearing were barrique Ashley baggy
like it's like he was playing a joke on
everybody like he's like he dressed as a
clown on purpose to be like haha you
guys didn't notice my pants are eight
sizes too big but I was just have what
he wore it like almost looks like
Photoshop I saw a picture of Russell
Westbrook like that and it's so funny
because now all these NBA players they
plenty of money they have stylist and so
like they're all trying to look fly and
all this [ __ ] but there's pictures of
him and Dwyane Wade to to your point
like wearing jeans that like you almost
look like that's not a real photo right
like those jeans I don't even know how a
belt could hold those shits up because
yes like and you'd have two nice legs
for tight jeans too like you can't go
for tight jeans yeah like you can if you
have even slightly skinny legs
pump your brakes on the tight jeans well
that's why in middle school I know for
me I don't know who else but I was super
like skinny I was just skinny kid so I
would always wear like double XL [ __ ]
and I would think like oh if I wear a
double XL t-shirt like
maybe a look like i'll look not bigger
but uh it probably was a reason to like
compensate with the fact that I was so
skinny you know I in middle school who
was skinnier you were me I I feel like
you might have been skinnier because you
were you were taller so you're like like
lankier yeah exactly I think that's true
but I was gonna say I've always had a
skewed perception I remember I was
skinny for a long time and then I think
how old was I was I like 18 or something
maybe 20 19 maybe when I started working
out and then I put on a lot of weight
when I started working out but I always
feel like the perception I had am of
myself always legs at least five years
behind where the reality is I'll never
forget that my one of my friends had met
this dude and he became a friend of
theirs they had met him at a restaurant
and they hung out with him it turns out
that this dude was like from a stupid
rich family
like the richest like on some [ __ ] where
I think his dad was one of the suppliers
for like a Walmart or something crazy
like two insanely rich they had the
[ __ ] giant house on like Greenwich or
something and so I didn't know this guy
but they invited me to go hang out with
him and I was like all right whatever no
problem I didn't know anything about him
at the time
okay cool no problem so we went to this
kid's house
dude it was it was such it was so
ridiculous it was uncomfortable like I
looked down this dudes hallway and I
couldn't see the end of it that's how
big the house was god I was like I don't
see the goodness of the hallway it's it
was it's like he lived in like this
[ __ ] giant like hotel type [ __ ] yeah
I remember it is a long way of me
mentioning that that guy called me to my
friends when I wasn't there he said Kai
his perception of me was that I was a
quite sounds like he's about to suck the
meaty Guido he said he said I looked
like a meaty Guido I was this got a
pedophile or as long as you know this
dude he was he was he was younger than
us actually he was like but it was a kid
him by
did you know okay I probably didn't even
need to tell that whole long as part of
the story but no it was one of my
friends had met this kid and they became
friends and then I would just kind of
like invited to hang out with my friend
who then was like we're gonna go hang
out with this other kid that I'm going
back to when I was like maybe 19 or 20
at the time when this happened but it
was when I had start I had work been
working out for maybe a year at that
point and I hadn't done a lot of weight
but in my mind's eye I was still super
[ __ ] skinny oh it's still like a
little scrawny kid but to this kid he
didn't know me from two years ago so he
looked at me and in his mind he thought
I was like a meaty Guido he thought I
was like yeah you know [ __ ] jacked
and big and I was like what I knew what
kid like that well it's funny how like
if you have if you have what is it a
encounter with someone at a point in
their life where they're vulnerable or
you know like they're they're awkward
like there was a girl in our high school
who was dope like everybody thought she
was hot and like but I remember someone
telling me in middle school or something
she used to pick her nose or maybe I saw
her picking her nose or something like
that so when everybody we used to talk
about her in high school I always for
some reason would just be like god like
I just remember like either seeing her
pick her nose and it was grimy or there
was another girl who and I sound mad
superficial and all this [ __ ] because
maybe she was the nicest girl on the
inside and I was just looking at looks
but [ __ ] we all were in high school
but she had on crazy amount of acne like
bad like like craters and [ __ ] like that
but her body was dope and then years
later like that [ __ ] went away and
everyone was like sweating her and I was
like nah man I'd still see that chick
from high school with the craters and
the pimples so like you see yourself
every day but this kid saw you at this
one point where you might have been brow
like or you know bigger so that's how he
saw you but like if your boy was there
and he knew you your whole life he would
be like nah
mad skinny you know exactly exactly and
it's kind of it's almost it's [ __ ] up
it's [ __ ] up for a variety of reasons
I mean when it comes to self perception
and at least in my case probably with a
lot of people listening to your self
perception lags behind what the reality
is you know what I mean
but then also like you said there's
something that happens when somebody
gets like a label and like it becomes a
cultural thing or it becomes like when
everybody already agrees that person X
has this quality or that quality then
it's just like that becomes its own
thing and the reality of it almost
doesn't matter like so that's almost
like well like a little bow well I mean
like it's just like you can't switch
your name to bow well because we've
known you as little Bala you're always
gonna be little like or if the I can't
think of a like it snoop lion snoop dogg
snoop lion like yeah like something like
Big Pun if you're naming yourself Big
Pun because you're 400 pounds or
whatever and then you try and lose like
300 pounds and you're this skinny rapper
now we're gonna be like nah man like
yeah cool well I think what they said to
Kevin James they were like don't lose
weight like you're the fat guy like
you're the funny fat guy yeah the same
with jonah goldberg or whatever his name
is
Oh Jonah Hill Jonah Hill oh there isn't
there is a Jonah Goldberg but it's not
the actor it's I think it's a political
guy I always all those two mixed up but
there was you remind me of a story when
you were talking about how somebody had
acne back in the day and that just kind
of stuck with you even though they
didn't when they got older um I may have
told the story on the podcast but there
was one time where I think I was in
third grade and this kid who you and I
both know from later on obviously you
didn't meet him yet in third grade but
he was laughing so hard at this kid's
jokes and I could I remember him
laughing like for 10 minutes straight
every time like I have memories from
third grade of this kid laughing so hard
because somebody was telling funny jokes
and we were all like segmented into like
little groups of three or whatever doing
some sort of a project and then he
laughed so hard that he pissed his pants
in
class in third grade not not a little
bit a straight-up like giant ass puddle
on the floor type [ __ ] mmm can you
imagine how mortifying that is man when
your grade like I yeah terrible for him
and I liked him and and he's he's a cool
kid but I think even I like after that
incident was a little bit like I don't
know if I could talk to you for like
three or four days dog uh-huh do you
know what I mean like in all my that a
you've third great attitude that that's
like what I was thinking you can't you
can't I mean that third grade you don't
even know how to like G a situation like
that like if that I would almost say
like if that happened in trying to say
if that would happen in college and you
could almost just be like [ __ ] I had
to pee really bad like it would still be
weird but you could probably own it a
little bit more when you're older
yeah you don't know how to like you
can't handle [ __ ] when you're that yeah
I remember in I think it was first grade
I went to the bathroom during class and
when I came back in everybody everybody
started laughing
and I was like why the [ __ ] is everybody
laughing because I had just I walked
back in the room and then everybody
started laughing and I was like what the
[ __ ] happened and then one of the kids
who was probably my best friend at the
time this kid named Nick and he was like
I told everybody you were you were
taking a [ __ ] basically and I guess when
I came back quickly he was like he was
like that was fast or whatever and then
everybody laughs in a class and I was
like I was again this is like like
defend yourself exactly I was like
mortified I was like angry at him I was
like why would you say that like I was
so I was down in like the gutter over
that I'd like that was worth
soul-crushing to me cuz then everybody
in the [ __ ] classroom had this image
of me [ __ ] and I didn't want to
[ __ ] it's almost like on some on some
Trump [ __ ] like trying to protect your
image type [ __ ] you know I mean like no
I don't do that I'm tremendous I'm
unbelievable like that was first grade
Kyle who was like no you're the guys
aren't supposed to thinking of me doing
that because I don't do that because I'm
special
you know what I mean yeah yeah so kid
there was a kid it's so weird because
it's like now being older and like
seeing kids that you knew when you were
younger doing like younger people's [ __ ]
like there was a kid at my sleepaway
camp for some reason people were [ __ ]
with him he was like taking a shower and
like they pulled the curtain on him or
some [ __ ] and he was like blocking his
like his dick with like two of his
fingers or something like that and
everybody was just clowning him because
he was only now he's like he's like a
real estate like a top real estate dude
in like New York City or some [ __ ] and
you think of his two fingers for that
but then I went back cuz we slept in
tents and I was like I think I probably
would block my [ __ ] with two fingers
also look let me ask you about about
camp cuz I never went to sleepaway camp
I feel like and this might be [ __ ] up
of me but I'll say it anyway
I feel like there's that's probably like
fertile [ __ ] ground for some
pedophile ass [ __ ] you know whatever
adults that run this [ __ ] you know what
I mean just the Catholic Church with the
priests like that's like a magnet for
pedophiles cuz then they get access to
kids with their guard down yeah well I
get sleepaway camp that's a good point I
mean there probably was a lot of [ __ ]
going on at some I mean like luckily no
[ __ ] happen to me but there's definitely
