professor stephen cohen went on CNN to
discuss russia gate he was up against
Anderson Cooper and the neocon max boot
let's see how that went
professor emerges of Russian studies and
politics at nyu and princeton max let's
start with you i mean the president
saying he had a great meeting with
Vladimir Putin the fact is it's been two
weeks now we still don't know what went
on behind closed doors between these two
that's exactly right Anderson and Trump
is aggrieved that he's not getting the
credit that he thinks he deserves but we
have no idea what the heck happened and
if you listen to Mike Pompeo s testimony
last week even Secretary of Pompeo
doesn't have a clear idea of what
happened this is not normal this is not
what normally happens when two leaders
meet you're seeing Trump continuing to
praise Putin and we don't know the
substance of what they discussed
that's a scary scenario Stephen I mean
do you think it's problematic though
that we don't know what was said in that
two plus hour meeting between these two
world leaders and and you know as Mac
said it didn't seem like Mike Pompeo or
other maybe even have a firm grasp on
what was said I don't think it's unusual
we do have a pretty good sense of what
was discussed both from what Trump's
people have said but equally from two or
three speeches Putin has given let me
just rattle them off because I was
looking at him today
they discussed trying to avoid a new
nuclear arms race by keeping alive two
treaties that exist they talked about
peace in Syria including securing
Israeli borders from Iranian forces that
would be very important to Americans I
think they talked about the possibility
of a joint alliance against terrorists
who are in pursuit of weapons of mass
destruction they talked about doing more
business which doesn't make much sense
because of the sanctions and they talked
in some way about the United States
becoming more involved in the Minsk
agreement which is the only agreement we
have to resolve the Ukrainian crisis but
how do you know that's when they
actually talk about those are good
things you have to take food well this
is what they talk the Russian side has
said right
so do you you're going on the
the thought there you're believing
Vladimir Putin on this the one well I
don't want to shock you but I believe in
letting their Putin on several things
but the point is is this has been
confirmed by a number of trumps people
Trump himself made some statements we
discussed this it hasn't really been
confirmed I mean what he doesn't talk
like a normal diplomat what President
Trump actually said to Vladimir Putin is
only known to Vladimir Putin and to
President Trump even if Putin comes
forward and says oh I said this or even
if the president Trump comes forward and
says well I said this we don't know for
sure the only thing we know for sure is
what happened in that press conference
did what happened that press conference
concern Udall Stephen well let me let me
give you an example but I being older
than both of you maybe you don't
remember in early 1986 President Ronald
Reagan met alone within Soviet leader
Gorbachev for I think about two and a
half hours and everybody was a very
upset about it because Reagan was
getting old in the year oh during years
and people were worried when the guys
came out Reagan and Gorbachev they said
we've decided to abolish nuclear weapons
and aides on both sides said you can't
do that just like that so they backed
off but what happened one year later
Reagan and Gorbachev abolished a whole
category of nuclear weapons the
intermediate-range so good things got
done you know nobody else knew except
the two translators what was said in
there
okay so there's president president from
today talked about meeting with the
Iranian president rouhani with with no
preconditions does that surprise you
would that be was it's not surprising to
me at all
Anderson I in fact I predicted it a week
ago when Trump came out with that semi
deranged tweet and all capital letters
threatening it consequences the likes of
which you've never seen before to Iran
based on his pattern you can pretty
easily predict that after threatening
these horrible consequences Trump will
then try to set up a meeting
glad had and you know before long he'll
probably be praising rouhani for being
incredibly intelligent smart witty warm
and reaching a deal that has no
substance to it whatsoever that's his
pattern the striking thing to me is that
although he's willing to threaten North
Korea he's willing to threaten Iran he
never threatens Russia and that's why a
lot of intelligence officials think that
there is something highly suspect in the
relationship between Putin and Trump I
have no idea what mr. booth is talking
about he wants Trump to threaten Russia
why would we threaten Russia you've got
two nucleons they're attacking us and
Russia is attacking us right now
according the trunk no one felt like
Russia
I've been studying Russia for 45 years
I've lived in Russia and I lived here
and you but surely wasn't Russia hasn't
it right
it's excuse me what did you say to me I
said you've been consistent apologist
for Russia in those last 45 years all
right
I don't do defamation to people I do
serious analysis of serious national
security problems when people like you
call people like me and not only me but
people more eminently
apologists for Russia because we don't
agree with your analysis you are
criminalizing diplomacy in daytime and
you are the threat to American national
security in this story why do you have
to defame somebody you don't agree with
it they used to do that in the old
Soviet Union we don't do that here where
we used to but we need to stop it so
you're just finally Steven you're saying
Russia was not attacking the United
States I know what you're talking about
that and during the 2016 election Russia
attacked the United States yes I don't
think they attacked the United okay and
yet you're just an art being apologies
to Russia you're analogizing for
reflection as we speak well you haven't
let me finish you don't know what I'm
gonna say please please nothing began
mr. Cooper and the meddling began right
after the Russian Revolution when
Woodrow Wilson sent American troops to
fight the Russian Civil War please the
meddling began on the Soviet and Russian
let me finish on the Midland side when
the Communists formed the Communist
international
1919 ever since then Moscow's meddled in
our politics
we have meddled in theirs this is
low-level stuff what went on it is not
an attack
it is not nine of
it is not Pearl Harbor it is not Russian
paratroopers descending on washing this
kind of hyperbole an attack on America
suggests we need to attack Russia so
you've got mr. boot saying that Trump
should threaten Russia with what does he
want to attack but that's the thing max
he's already increased sanctions and
it's never enough you always want more
sanctions and listen I do not agree with
Professor Steven Cohen on everything in
fact IV manely disagreed with him on
some things that I've seen him say we
don't need to go into too many specifics
about that because that's immaterial to
the broader conversation here
point is is I'm not co-signing
everything he says or everything he
believes but in this back and forth yeah
he's correct and max boot is wrong the
fact that it's controversial when he
points out what happened in the 2016
election is not akin to Pearl Harbor
what happened in the 2016 election is
not akin to 9/11 the fact that he has to
point that out and that's considered
controversial is insanity and it shows
you how far the Russia hysteria has gone
now listen as I've pointed out before
let's say in this hypothetical world I'm
a senator senator kolinsky proposes
today a bill that number one increases
cyber security and number two moves to
paper ballots to ensure our elections
don't get meddled with that's what I do
so again here's what I find absolutely
mind-blowing all of the people who
scream the most about Russia and about
meddling in our elections and all these
problems there are also the people who
talk the least about potential policy
solutions to fix that problem
it's almost like they don't view it as a
real problem that they really want to
solve they're using it as a political
football they're using it to try to
score brownie points with the electorate
and make it look like they're resisting
Trump without actually resisting now
furthermore max boot is a neo-cons
neocon and what really makes me sad is
that most people who would watch this
back and forth between stephen cohen and
max boot
if they're on the Democratic side I
think at this point most of them would
agree with max boot and not with Stephen
Cohen in other words the guy who's
arguing for date on the guy who wants
peace and negotiations between the US
and Russia that now is the guy who
people on the right would be more
sympathetic to and people allegedly on
the Left Democratic apologists would
look at max boot and say yeah that's my
guy when again max boot is a neo-cons
neocon he's an Iraq war apologist so
look at even the framing of the
questions there and this speaks to how
shitty Anderson Cooper has gotten he
says what went on behind closed doors
what went on behind closed doors
in other words Putin and Trump had a
meeting and they spoke behind closed
doors for a certain period of time
what Anderson Cooper's doing is he's
trying to make assumptions he's trying
to insinuate like oh they're probably up
to some sort of foul play aren't they I
mean obviously Trump is Putin's puppet
this is all the implication this is the
this is the undertone of the
conversation ooh I mean where is all
this talk about Trump being Putin's
puppet so he's in a closed-door meeting
with him for two hours what do you think
went on in that meeting isn't it weird
that we're not learning every little
thing that went on than that meeting and
then Stephen Cohen says well actually
here's the what we've heard so far may
have gone on in that meeting does a
discussion about trying to avoid avoid
an arms race talks about Syria talks
about trade between the countries talk
about Ukraine so he brings up hey here
the things that were discussed behind
closed doors and then they go did you
just take Putin's word for that he's
like well yeah that's we that's what he
says happened in the meeting believe it
or not but that's what he said happened
in the meeting and by the way that seems
perfectly reasonable two presidents of
two countries meet and they discuss the
policy issues relevant to those
countries seems like it's exactly what
would happen like what do you think they
get behind closed doors and flat and
Vladimir Putin's like is our plan and
place Donald and Donald like yes you can
have Alaska like know what's
unbelievable like that the whole thing
is innuendo that's everything on max
boot side and Anderson Cooper's
it's just innuendo and then I like when
he says Stephen Cohen did that press
conference concern you here we go again
when the internet melted down over a
press conference and then and this is
how you know they've lost the plot they
start talking about Iran and cuz Trump
earlier in that day mentioned I'll me
meet with Iran without preconditions now
I have my criticisms of Trump on that
front but my criticism of Trump is that
he pulled out of the Iran deal in the
first place you shouldn't have pulled
out of the Iran deal in the first place
because now what you're doing is you're
creating a problem and then you're
stepping in and saying I will solve the
problem I just created by doing probably
what would be almost an exact same deal
as the Iran deal but the problem is not
that he wants to meet with Iran without
preconditions the problem is that he
blew up the [ __ ] Iran deal in the
first place but look at how Anderson
Cooper frames that is it a bad thing
that he says he meet with Iran without
preconditions and what does max boot -
knocks it right out of that neocon Park
he says well I mean look you can predict
from his behavior of course is what's
gonna happen he's verbally attacked
North Korea on Twitter before and then
he spoke to them and in other words he's
like uh it's gonna be if Trump does some
sort of a deal with Ronnie and he starts
praising Ronnie's being a strong leader
that's what's probably coming next and
he phrasing frames this as if it's like
a bad thing as if like the talking to
the other countries is a bad thing that
may be making a deal with other
countries is a bad thing now if you
think I'm reading too far into it you're
wrong because max boot is a [ __ ]
neo-cons neocon and all he wants is
military invasions everywhere I didn't
make him have his neocon record he has
his neocon record so that to me that
seems pretty [ __ ] important that the
guy who's in favor of invasions
everywhere is on CNN and Anderson Cooper
is throwing softballs at him and he's
like yeah isn't it meeting without
preconditions what a terrible idea
that's the shitty argument that the
Republicans used to use against Obama
don't use that argument the meeting is
not a bad thing the bad thing was
pulling out of the Iran deal in the
first place by the way what was max
boots position on the Iran deal
and then Stephen Cohen is right because
max boot lets the cat out of the bag
there for a second
you know Donald Trump he threatens North
Korea and he threatens Iran
he never threatens Russia you jackass
the way that that criticism is supposed
to go is as follows hey lunatic stop
threatening Iran and stop threatening
North Korea why are you threatening them
stop it that's crazy that's crazier
threatening war on Twitter you [ __ ]
douchebag that's how that criticism goes
the criticism is not he threatens Iran
in North Korea
he never threatens Russia no that's a
dumbest criticism I've ever heard
because your implication is you should
really threaten Russia this is exactly
the [ __ ] I've been worrying about from
day one and I've taken countless [ __ ]
for it online but I've said the main
problem is Democrats resisting without
resisting because they just make mouth
noises about Trump and Russia but they
actually go along with Trump's policies
that's one problem an even bigger
problem is that whenever they actually
tie it into policy they end up resisting
from the right people I know and respect
have done this and they don't even
realize they're doing it and it's
[ __ ] mind-blowing
he never even threatens Russia do you
not realize what your implication is do
you not realize that your implication is
he should threaten this other [ __ ]
nuclear power again you want to
criticize this this is how you criticize
it
Donald Trump is a maniac he's an
authoritarian lunatic he should not be
threatening Iran or North Korea that's
how you make that criticism the
criticism is not he threatens Iran in
North Korea why doesn't he threaten
Russia because then your implication is
he should threaten Russia its own I have
to point out these things it's so crazy
to me that I have to point out these
things and I guarantee you there will be
people and including in this comment
section who are like Kyle doesn't get it
he's an idiot
[Music]
listen don't take my word for it take
Noam Chomsky's word for it there's been
two videos recently released online Noam
Chomsky on Russia Gate one of them we
covered here he was on Democracy Now
another was on a different show you
could check it out he breaks it down in
a better way than I ever could okay he
says first of all if you care about
meddling in elections and that's your
main concern Russia is not even the
worst offender Israel would be the worst
offender Saudi Arabia is a worst
offender than Russia is so the fact that
you care about meddling a lot in
elections but you go to like not even
the strongest case of meddling shows you
don't really care that much about
meddling it's not about that it's about
using this issue for political brownie
points that's what it's about and then
of course there's the angle of we metal
way worse and the same people who scream
like crazy about meddling in our
elections either don't talk about or
actively support us meddling in other
elections that's another giant problem
and then again to me the most important
point is even let's I'm gonna be super
kind to the people who are on the other
side here for a second if you are taking
that position I implore you I urge you
make it crystal clear here are my
solutions to this problem and of course
again the solutions would be a massive
cybersecurity bill and paper ballots to
protect the integrity of our elections I
mean again if you're really concerned
about it fine I don't agree with you but
fine but I do agree on those policies
and you should be pushing for them more
than anybody if this is an issue you're
really concerned about but again they
don't talk about the issues to fix it
which proves my point that perhaps it's
not really about the issue here it's
about using this for political brownie
points and unfortunately this has done
nothing but embolden the intelligence
agencies that are not the friend of the
left and embolden neo-cons and
rehabilitated them at a time when they
should be in [ __ ] prison for what
they did in Iraq
