is the perfect venue to have a panel
discussion on how the f are we going to
get along in this country and starting
here at Politico so we've got a great
roster of panelists today I want you to
give a big political welcome to all of
our panels just bring them out
[Applause]
all right so some quick introductions
here
first of all to my four right we host a
secular talk on The Young Turks Network
it is the last we have Safari sellers
who is a former state representative in
South Carolina now a CNN contributor to
his left we have the roaming millennial
aka watershed and she is the host of
building millennial uncensored on
YouTube and then to my left we have my
candles place of the Michael Miller show
on
y're and to his left we know Charlie
Parra founder so just to frame this
discussion for a second year we
obviously live in very polarized times
today our political rhetoric is as
divisive as it's been probably in our
lifetimes and just to put a finer point
on the level polarization today studies
have shown that the levels of
partisanship partisan polarization in
Congress are at the widest they have
been since the end of Reconstruction and
you only have to look to the headlines
in this country to see just how divided
this country is and I think in my view
that partisanship has really
metastasized into tribalism today so I
hope with the panel we can talk about
you know how we do bridge the political
divide in a media environment where it's
very difficult to do it and I think all
the panelists here are on the cutting
edge of new media and so it's really
going to be on the folks here to figure
out how we can create a more
constructive political dialogue and so I
actually want to start with Bakari
because you had transitioned from a
governance role having served in the
state legislature of South Carolina you
are the nominee for lieutenant governor
and was a 2014 2014 and so you are in
the business of trying to form
legislation and work with both Democrats
and Republicans in the legislature and
then you transition to a commentating
role at CNN and a number of other
platforms so tell us more about that
transition that process and the change
in incentives that you found in terms of
the type of political dialogue that
would
that would work well first thank you for
the question thank you all for being
here I was very young when I ran for
office and so I know we have some people
in here on the left and the far left I
know we have some people in here on the
right and the far right but I firmly
believe that we are not the generation
of tomorrow with a generation of now and
so I encourage everyone here when I was
21 years old I announced my race for
office I ran against somebody who was 82
years old and had been in office for 26
years and on June 13 2006 I became the
youngest black elected official in the
United States and the youngest state
legislator
the reason that I was able to do that is
because regardless of how someone looked
regardless of where someone came from
whether zip code I always gave people
the benefit of their humanity and I
think if we start there if we meet
people where they are and then we can
find initiatives that all of us can
agree on to have Charlie to my left and
to have my good friends and The Young
Turks to the to my right I can honestly
say that if we were to put forth an idea
like making sure that we take
redistricting which is the reason that
we're so polarized today out of the
hands of elected officials and made them
independent independent commissions
statewide and I can actually get these
two to agree on that and push it in
state legislatures around matter so but
it but it takes those type of bold steps
it takes people not getting caught up in
petty differences and it also takes
people understanding the practical
reality of where we are in this country
I tell people we made a lot of progress
but we still have yet a ways to go yeah
well just to pick up on that issue of
gerrymandering and
ordinance of our generation a lot of
people don't realize this but in the
state of Ohio this year
I run a nonpartisan organization called
the Millennial Action project we work
with young elected officials across the
aisle and it was the young lawmakers in
Ohio who pushed a bipartisan plan to put
in place for additional inform in Ohio
to get rid of partisan gerrymandering
and it passed with wide bipartisan
support the voters approved it with 75%
of the vote and I think that just
underscores the opportunity our
generation has to transcend from the old
divide so than holding our country back
and since you called Oh out Charlie on
it move over to Charlie here you've been
working on college campuses across the
country what's the sense that you're
picking up from college students today
in terms of the type of rhetoric that
they're looking for when I go to college
campuses for example I hear so many
young people who say I'm so tired of the
partisanship I'm so tired of all the
gridlock and I'm curious if you hear a
similar thing and out folks and
turning-point are responding yeah I I
agree at that I think the good news
politically about our generations I
think we agree generally on the problem
to do a lot of different perspectives on
how we would go about solving them the
broad-based consensus amongst college
students and Millennials is that we have
a government that does not represent our
generation that is run by trial lawyers
lobbyists well
people around a 90-mile proximity of
Washington DC our argument has a
conservative libertarians is well if
that government has been bought and is
corrupt why on earth would want to make
that government bigger stronger sent
more money that very same government and
that's obviously where my progressive
French friends would disagree so the the
broad-based question here over the last
3040 years is why has the wealth power
money and influence concentrated around
our nation's capital what do they create
well they create nothing they create
access to power I mean the wealthiest
counties in America used to be around in
Detroit Michigan in Chicago Illinois in
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
now 810 wealthiest counties in America
around Washington DC where you're
literally rewarded of how close you are
to the power center and for us to get
away from that I think there's there are
some solutions that I would actually
tend to agree with it would be very fair
map so on and so forth
but I think our generation is looking
for a series of policies and ideas that
will I think address in a not
necessarily that turn bipartisan because
it almost lends itself to that both
Republicans and Democrats are the answer
I would say the Pope in some way
it's bigger than partisan issues in some
ways and I look if you follow my what I
say closely I think that until the
Republican Party's honest with ourselves
with the failures of our own party over
the last 3040 years such as george w
bush was a big spending liberal that
betrayed all of our principles time and
time again we're not going to be able to
actually appropriate solutions that will
increase freedom and shrink government
and put the same government that's
bought by these corrupt lobbyists and
in Snyder's back to people yeah that's a
great point and Charlie on it now go
over to Kyle here because you made the
point about this widening gap between
you know Washington DC and the rest of
the country not only in terms of power
but also in terms of now income and I've
heard this divided America reframed
particularly after the 2016 election
it's not so much between the left versus
right it's really kinda halves in the
have-nots I know this is an issue that
you know you've talked about what can we
do to bridge that sort of divide well I
want to just take a step back real quick
and say I actually surprisingly agree
with a lot of what Charlie Couric said
and he made a point to bring up you know
the size of government and how perhaps
we have some large disagreements on that
well I actually want to reach out and
say maybe there are many areas where we
totally agree on the size of government
so when it comes to for example you know
warrantless NSA spying if you tell me
hey man listen I hate the government
I don't want an intervening life in my
life in that realm well I say you're
goddamn right and let's work together to
try to get rid of
[Applause]
oh good so I'm happy to do that and
there's other areas too like you know
the drug war for example that's giant
government and it really make those bars
to say like there's a lot of agreement
between what I would call the populist
left and the libertarian right so Rand
Paul for example is relatively
consistent in an anti-war stance and of
course if you're pro war you are
appropriate government by definition
because right so if you're anti-war are
means war - we can agree on that
wonderful or the horrible thing yes okay
so now we just both lose our careers
because we agreed on something we've got
that principle that man the only point
where I disagree is I don't think george
w bush was a liberal i think he was a
war monger and a neoconservative and
[Applause]
context to it Medicare Part D borrowing
a three dollar we're having this
wonderful kumbaya moment so I hate to
ruin it by
government ended cigarette work but but
he did he did grow the size of
government tremendously he created human
agencies departmental I'm security of
which you put more under a traditional
left-wing you know well it's what were
the priorities when he grew government
and when you spend seven trillion
dollars on the war in Iraq that's what
is projected to be by 2050 three that's
not a left-wing priority it was the left
who stands Bernie Sanders who voted
against all right I'm gonna bring Lauren
here so we were talking before this
panel about the incentives involved in
having an online TV show and I
personally struggle with the incentives
on social media generally including
YouTube because the most inflammatory
rhetoric gets the most views the most
retweets you know the most you know
followers and so I'm curious from your
perspective having you know run a very
successful online show how do you have a
constructive conversation when the
incentives seem to be pushing you in the
opposite direction why aren't we talking
more about the big issues here places
where genocide and starvation why don't
these fake news headlines getting so
much
and she gave the very same answers
that's what people are attracted to and
it doesn't matter whether we publish the
other stories or not it's not what's
getting shared and as an independent
creator you're you're very aware of that
fact you know we can spend weeks
researching a video about something like
political philosophy or the public
school system and it'll get a fraction
of the views that some you know rect
feminists ownage videos okay and it's
kind of frustrating but at the same time
I'm trying to look at it in a way that
at least people are getting involved to
these issues and you know my hope is if
they see something that's maybe a little
bit sensationalized and radicalize not
that I agree with doing anything
purposely provocative just to upset
people but you know maybe then they'll
stick around for a little bit of the
deeper conversation maybe then they'll
start to realize all right well why is
that happening and hopefully at the very
least it can lead to a deeper
conversation it's not going to be
everybody some some people just like me
I guess the outrage machine but there
are a lot of people who are going to
stick around maybe for the deeper
conversation right and Michael you have
an online show as well to see more about
the incentives that you've seen from
your experience well what I find is that
people reward authenticity audiences
reward authenticity you cannot pretend
to be something you're not
audiences are not going to turn up and
that's why I hate to break up our
kumbaya feelings here I love the
polarization I love it I love the
partisanship I spent a long time
researching in a book that I wrote
called reasons to vote for Democrats
quite thorough by the way I read the
I love it I'd want a choice not an echo
I don't want mealy-mouthed Mumbai I
don't want any of that I want to know
when I'm voting who I'm voting for in
the 1930s and 40s one of the major
complaints political scientists was that
the parties were indistinguishable
youths you have on issues anything
ranging from life to taxes to death to
whatever people having unclear points of
view now I know all of those issues on
the size of government on the role of
government socialism on life on marriage
on death on everything I know where the
parties stand I that that's the country
that I want to live it it gives me a
choice not an echo the conservative
movement was founded in this how do we
get along I have a simple answer we win
and you lose
and that might seem a little water that
might seem a little part but there is
much to quote Ronald Reagan st.
different there is no choice between
freedom and slavery these are not
morally equivalent when when one party
has elected leaders saying that we
should go to Republicans homes where
their children's sleep we should
physically mob around them though there
is not a moral equivalent to some harsh
rhetoric from a little old me on my
internship those are not the same thing
I'm glad that there is a difference now
and that's that is mine maybe that'll be
the sequel to my to my bestseller all
the reasons to all the reasons to vote
for Democrats part two we win you lose
so I wouldn't just pick up on that real
fast
okay it was just one second so hold you
I think in a democracy meeting choices
yes that's right
and no choice you might say well said
but I think the issue that we're trying
to pick up on here is not that having
diverse views is bad but a zero-sum
politics in which one side wins at the
expense of the other side and that's the
only way that we frame issues that one
side win and not at the expense of the
other side on the question of the life
we've been talking about Roe versus Wade
a lot because of their nomination of
Bret cabin on the question of life how
does one side win without the other side
Liz you're talking about protecting the
life of an unborn baby or snuffing out
the life of an unborn baby I don't see a
compromising I don't see a conciliation
on that issue I agree that the question
of life is probably simply shows that I
mean estimate they have smart to bridge
that no it's a [ __ ] talking point
because of the fact that what we're
doing is we're what we're doing is we're
finding the piper sensationalize metrics
by which to measure how we vote for
people but what we're talking about is
how do we improve individuals lives and
yes you're gonna have individuals like
like Tim Kaine for example who abides by
his belief who was very very much
pro-life who is a Democrat but he votes
in a manner that's reflective of his pro
life Tim Kaine is for election Tim I
support legal oh boy I guess but first
of all that's what I dislike summarily
that's literally what I just said I said
but you votes his constituency in
Virginia but what I'm trying to do is
move the conversation beyond this
conversation of life because that's
where we get bogged down well that's
actually tuple into actually four that's
actually
my point to you is that listen we can
talk about if we want to just sit here
and we want to have a discussion that
goes nowhere we can talk about what we
can talk about issues of life where we
probably will disagree we can talk about
issues of race where we probably will
disagree but let's actually talk about
something stuff in the tip that we can
bomb probably find common ground on
health care in this country how do you
make sure the kids I just want to say
that
so produ process which unfortunately as
a man so so visible and let's get
through let's just cut through a few
points give us life yeah there's no due
process here against keep up guys you
guys try your for do class sizes for
American citizens
[Applause]
all right guys I'm gonna step I'm here
I'm here the Sigma Convention
productions themselves I'm gonna step in
here it's gonna be easy if you walk
right into the trap like that so
[Applause]
apparently I didn't want to do or even
say no I'm enjoying the calm okay at
this moment I'm having my Charlie Curtin
okay so on and so on and go back to the
conciliation I'm gonna go back to the
car here because I think about you if
you want to jump in i we don't want a
man's playing everything and this
applies to most issues it is very easy
to see it as black and white but even
that's what i canta mean we have a
pro-life vs. pro-choice but doesn't even
fully encapsulate the range of political
views for as people you're certainly
right and there are some issues when it
comes to specifically abortion that we
can talk about we can talk about how do
we make sure that if people won't have a
adoption that that is easy and available
for them how do we make sure that people
are aware of different contraceptive
methods so we don't have the unplanned
pregnancies in the first place
[Applause]
I think that's a constructive way to
look at the situation and I mean
abortion if there ever was one
people would think it's black and white
so I'm gonna do this for this moment
let's go guys on cable news you said
when Kanye West enter the Oval Office is
what black people don't read few regrets
not what I said what did you say well
this actually if we want to go back and
not mean the take said this is what
happens when black people don't that's
not what I said what did you say
actually said that this is a discussion
in my major issue with Kanye West is
that he would tends to make anti
intellectualism cool and what I said is
yes this is what happens when black oh
that's not what I said I'll that's what
the transcript actually I said Charlie
be one you ask me questions while I says
he regret oh no I don't regret anything
Charlie so this is the point so I said
that's not what I said if you want to
know what I said I'm attempting to tell
you I said that I have a problem with
Kanye West because he attempts to make
anti intellectualism cool I say there
many people who want to talk about
criminal justice reform oh not seen
Kanye West to the White House to do that
I said Kanye West is what happens when
Negroes don't read you know what that is
that is in fact
you didn't say I said Kanye West is what
happened when Negroes don't read what
