hey guys so I have a really special
guest here it is the big Seltzer sellout
kayo kolinsky how's it going man
it's going well man how are you hon -
well man so I have to start this out by
first saying that there's a conspiracy
going around that you don't have any
legs and that you're a floating torso
fake news fake news you're gonna you
know what are your thoughts oh this is
this is very fake news so first of all
there's a there's a video going back
probably may even be like three years
now but I did a live show in New York
City with Jiang 40 whitey and in that
entire video my legs are visible the
entire time so and then there's also a
video from probably three or four years
back of my golf swing that's on YouTube
yeah so yeah I have I have legs but you
know they're kind of skinny kind of kind
of [ __ ] legs I've been doing squats and
doing deadlifts and getting them bigger
but you know ultimately I'm genetically
limited so I have like little twig legs
I see so you know the fake news media is
gonna keep spreading fake news but I
know it's fake news so I'm comfortable
with everybody speculating while they
want I see okay that's good so I thought
we started out talking about the amazing
Trump presidents go on presidency is
going on so I wanted to know your
thoughts on what's going on
especially with some of the recent stuff
with the Iran deal and other things that
are related to that yeah so um I mean I
guess the best way to describe the Trump
presidency is the establishment on
steroids when he ran for office there
was a small chance that he was going to
be anti-establishment and that he might
be a little bit populist because there
were some things he said on the campaign
trail that indicated that he might do
that but you know I think most people
pointed out
that is probably just Donald Trump being
Donald Trump and saying whatever he
could say to get elected and he doesn't
really have any core beliefs but for a
guy like Donald Trump who was basically
just empty and vapid you know I think
that whoever is in the room with him
that's the the person or people that
he's going to listen to so he surrounded
himself with people like John Bolton
people like Mike Pompeo the biggest
neocon Warhawks in the country he
surrounded himself with Goldman Sachs
lackeys and Wall Street people so you
know any hope that people may have had
early on that he might act in an
anti-establishment fashion that's all
dead and gone because when you look at
his policies and what he he's done it's
um it's exactly what the establishments
dream is you know Donald Trump is George
W Bush Plus mean tweets I mean that's
what he is so you know it's um it's
terrible and I think we're at a very
dangerous time in history right now
because with stuff like pulling out of
the Paris climate agreement and like you
reference pulling out of the Iraq on
deal I mean this is like genuinely
destabilizing stuff and that's on top of
the you know the race to the edge of the
earth with income inequality and I mean
we're basically testing the limits and
how much human beings can take here
because we have extreme income
inequality now in the US but also around
the world I mean what is it the richest
like six people have more wealth than
the bottom 50% of the world so it's like
six people with more than however many
billion what four billion or so now so
yeah it's just it's terrible in every
imaginable way so what do you think okay
so he recently just bought out of the
Iran deal
I was curious what your you know
specific assessment on that was and as
to how bad it really is because I feel
like I don't think people really
understand how bad it was the pulling
out of that deal yeah it's um
I mean you really couldn't do anything
dumber but you know the idea is they
want regime change I mean again like I
said Don
Trump's in the room with John Bolton and
Mike Pompeo and if people say well I
don't you know hey Trump maybe doesn't
want regime change or Trump just doesn't
care well at the end of the day he's
still doing what the neo cons want I
mean this is the neo cons wet dream to
pull out of the Iran deal and I mean
Iran there was a question as to whether
or not they were even really trying to
get a nuke to begin with you know
there's there were have been countless
statements from the Iranian government
and I'm no fan of the Iranian government
they're a brutal theocracy but you know
they saying things like having a nuclear
weapon is on Islamic and we don't want a
nuclear weapon and and things of that
nature so there's a question it's
whether they were even really trying to
develop a nuclear weapon in the first
place but the idea of like giving them
back their own money that we stole from
them in exchange for having the IAEA the
International Atomic Energy Agency like
basically go in there whenever they want
to regulate and check out how much they
are enriching uranium because they do
have uranium for you know medical
purposes and for power for their power
grid which they're allowed under
international law but basically having
the IAEA in there in exchange for us
giving them back their money which they
we really shouldn't have taken in the
first place I mean that's just good like
there's no that that you know puts the
u.s. and Iran on stable ground and but
of course what the reality is is Israel
hated that and they're one of our top
allies if not our top Ally Saudi Arabia
hated that they're one of our top allies
if not our top Ally and we're basically
doing the bidding of the neocon Warhawk
Netanyahu who wants regime change in
Iran and we're doing the bidding of the
Saudi government and they also want
regime change in Iran it's so funny
because they talk about Iran as if it's
like this this giant threat for
expansion meanwhile Israel bombs the
Palestinians every other week and
they're also they've also been
intervening in bombing in Syria and as
far as Saudi Arabia goes they've been
bombing the [ __ ] out of Yemen non-stop I
mean there's a genocide going on there
they're massacring women and children so
it's so funny I mean this is just sheer
projection when
the Israeli government and the Saudi
government say oh my god Iran as a
regional threat that's absolutely
nonsense how many countries is Iran
bombing right now none so I mean it's
just these guys want war they want
regime change and that's why they would
do an action like pulling out of the
Iran deal and I just you know what's so
sad to me is that nobody even like in
the media they won't put this into
context for you like Bernie will talk
about it and it to an extent and like
but that's it really nobody in the media
will tell you like oh hey by the way in
in 1953 we overthrew Iran's
democratically elected leader Mohammad
Mossadegh the CIA did a coup and then we
put in the Shah to be a dictator because
we wanted cheap oil and he would give us
cheap oil and that led to the 1979
Islamic Revolution so like they never
tell you like hey maybe our meddling in
the first place was the problem and the
fact that we've been you know basically
acting as a rogue state for decades now
so you know there's no there's no
possible positive spin that anybody
could put on pulling out of the Iran
deal and if they do I frankly I think
they're just uninformed or they're an
idiot I I think so too you touched a
little bit there on Benjamin Netanyahu
Israel
I was curious what your thoughts are
because as of recent events I don't know
if you saw were they or they almost like
really went head-to-head in Syria where
they literally almost went to war with
each other
and I've sort of been looking at
Netanyahu quite closely now apparently
he essentially the police in Israel have
recommended that he be can he be charged
on indict on charges of corruption yeah
so yes I really I really hate the guy I
was curious what your thoughts are on
him because he's really honestly because
it almost to me seems like Trump is
doing the bidding of Benjamin Netanyahu
yes I mean like I said I think he's
doing the bidding of everybody who's
around him and who's he surrounded by
he's surrounded by Mike Pompeo he's
rounded by John Bolton he's surrounded
by Goldman Sachs lackeys
yes he's surrounded by guys like
Netanyahu so I think you have a point
there and yeah I mean then Yahoo I mean
let's just call him what he is he's a
[ __ ] war
well that's what he is I mean look at
what happened in 2014 in Gaza they did
basically a bomb orgy where they bombed
hospitals they bombed schools they
bombed the only power plant in Gaza they
killed 80 percent civilians according to
the UN at least 500 children look at
what they just did recently where they
killed about 60 Palestinians who were
protesting and they wounded about 2,000
I mean this is Maremma lie mean there's
no other way to put it he's not
interested in peace I mean he's the
person who's blocking any kind of peace
deal and you know people might hear that
be like oh my goodness what are you
talking about Kyle no you people need to
follow this stuff I mean even Hamas came
out years ago I think it was in 2011 and
said you know what okay fine we'll take
a Tuesday deal and we'll take it along
the 67 borders so in other words even
the people who are held up as like the
worst of the worst
on the Palestinian side are like okay we
tap out you got us to state deal let's
do it and then Netanyahu of course
rejection so you know if they're if
Israel is rejecting every offer for
peace from the Palestinians and you know
through Jordan at the UN as well the
Palestinians have proposed this so if
he's rejecting everything like what do
you expect them to do that's my question
like what do you expect Palestinians to
do if you tell them we're gonna
permanently occupy you there's gonna be
a permanent apartheid state I'm gonna
bomb you every year every other year and
just cut the grass as some experts have
called it it's a way of keeping them in
check
well what do you what do you expect them
to do they have no hope they have and
it's just an a gasa for example as an
open-air prison so it's just a he's a
war criminal and he should be locked up
and it's amazing how you know the US
media doesn't they don't cover these
things objectively I mean the bias is
unbelievable and what's hilarious is
you'll hear people say that there's a
bias against Israel in the mainstream
press which is like yeah exactly
laughable right I know so I think that
there's a whole other level of trumps
you know shitty presidency because you
know about the UN embassy or the US
Embassy moved that he made and after
that shortly after the boss came I was
saying
we can't have the us being a mediator
anymore effectively destroying almost
like any prospects for peace so I was
just you know what are your thoughts on
are there any prospects for peace
between the Palestinians Israelis in the
near future if so how does it happen
the only hope is through BDS that's it
that's the only hope that's the only
possibility for peace I think because
they're not they're never gonna do it
willingly ever ever ever ever ever they
need to be forced into doing it and the
way to force them into doing it is
through economic pressure and you know
this worked with apartheid South Africa
so boycott divestment sanctions is
exactly what it says in the name it's
putting economic pressure on Israel and
boycotting businesses that are in occupy
in the pride territories and calling for
international sanctions so even if you
know whatever the u.s. obviously won't
get on board with this but if you can
get every other country on board to put
pressure on Israel that's the only way
that there's hope because as soon as you
start affecting rich people's pocket
that's when they'll start paying
attention and that's exactly what
happened in South Africa yes Nonna's the
world turned on South Africa and crack
down on them and rich people all the
sudden had their bank accounts
threatened that's when they were like
well okay okay maybe maybe there
something we can do here maybe there's
some you know peace agreement we could
do here so I just I don't think it's
ever gonna come willingly I think it's
gonna be when Israel's forced to do it
and you know as far as what the US can
do I don't think they will do it and I'm
honestly not even sure if under a Bernie
Sanders presidency he would do it
although I hope he would but what the
u.s. should do is immediately cut off
all subsidies to Israel and immediately
stop giving them weapons I mean that's
the easy thing and then if they you know
if they that's not enough of a
disincentive for them to stop doing what
they're doing then you you sanction them
you actually sanction Israel because if
anybody has earned it if anybody
deserves sanctions it would be Israel I
see yeah
thinker I think you're right on that I
was wondering if you had seen Bill
Maher's comments he had his real time
Bill Maher did you see his comments on
on this on what happened well I didn't
see the most recent comments but I saw
some headlines about what he said and I
mean he's been doing this for years this
is a issue that's why it's interesting I
was gonna ask because you've been
covering this for lid of the years he
has a giant giant giant giant blind spot
on the issue of Israel and Palestine and
he's basically you know like a standard
right-wing douche bag on this issue and
he blamed Palestinians for for their
deaths essentially I mean listen there's
no that argument honestly might be the
dumbest argument I've ever heard when
they say oh my goodness Hamas blame
Hamas because we massacred Palestinian
civilians it's like well hold on if your
argument is they set up this devious
trap then why did you walk into the
devious trap that's because you're the
ones that are telling us that this
devious trap exists so if it exists and
you know it exists and you have the
foresight to call it out well then the
last thing you should do is walk into
their devious trap and kill the
civilians because the reality is it's
not that's just that's a nonsense
argument that's a stupid argument it's a
way of saying whoever the victims are
we're just going to declare that they're
actually the perpetrators and where the
victims when meanwhile all you have to
do is look at the power disparity in the
situation and anybody with two brain
cells can figure out what's happening
here on the Palestinian side they have
burning tires and rocks and slingshots
that can't even reach where the Israeli
soldiers are there were zero Israeli
soldiers hurt or killed zero Israeli
civilians her car killed but you had
about 60 Palestinians killed and about
2,000 injured so you tell me what's
going on here and who's to blame yeah I
definitely think that it's very obvious
it's just it is an interesting thing to
me to see that Bill Maher you know he
was you know massively against Trump but
he was he supported his embassy move as
well which is it's very odd well I'll
tell tell I'll tell you part of what's
going on there what a lot of people like
to say is Oh Israel only democracy in
the Middle East and they stand for
liberal values and then
they'll say something like you know hey
where would you rather be a gay person
would you rather be gay in Gaza or would
you rather be gay in Israel and that's
their way of saying like okay
since the domestic policies of Israel
are in some ways more tolerant than in
majority Muslim countries therefore
Israel gets to act super far right-wing
on foreign policy and they get to be war
hawks and they get to bomb civilians but
you're supposed to think that they're it
they're still doing the right thing
because liberal values but you know my
response to that is always know you
could give Israel credit for you know
being further ahead on the issue of gay
rights domestically but that doesn't
take away from the fact that they're
still doing apartheid and illegal
occupation and they Massacre civilians
like every other week so it's just a
stupid sloppy way of thinking and it's
excuse making I mean there's a term for
it that I read a while ago that I
thought was interesting I think they
called it pink washing so like the idea
is you're using the fact that they might
be ahead on the issue of gay rights to
try to override the fact that they're
the ones who are a settler colonial
state and they're doing apartheid I I
think I agree with your assessment that
I do you think that's kind of ridiculous
you know how dangerous is it that our
president is essentially being coddled
by both Mike Pompeo as well as John
Bolton it's I can't imagine a more
dangerous situation
that's as dangerous as it gets people
really don't understand you know this is
if I were to sit that if you would give
me a week and tell tell me hey sit down
and tell me who the absolute worst
person in the world is that the US could
have as a top foreign policy adviser
that honestly I don't think I could come
up with anybody worse than then um I was
gonna say Michael Bolton John Bolton
Michael Bolton's the same that poor guy
he's no John Bolton is I mean I've said
it before or jokingly but he makes
George W Bush look like Noam Chomsky I
mean this is really a guy who has
consistently and repeatedly
for regime change in every country
imaginable whether it be Iran whether it
be North Korea he was one of the chief
people pushing for the Iraq war so and
the thing is man there's no like it's
just so stunning how there's no there's
no consequences in Washington DC for
being objectively wrong about everything
you've ever pushed for and even a guy
like Tucker Carlson who in many ways is
just odious loser
even he was able to press John Bolton
and make him look as ridiculous as he is
because every prediction these guys made
was proven to be dead wrong I mean it
was John Bolton and Bill Kristol and
these idiots who told us like oh don't
worry we'll be greeted as liberators in
Iraq and the oil will pay for the war
and we'll be in and out really quickly
and all just all this [ __ ] that
wasn't true so you know what I like to
say is I think neoconservatism and
American exceptionalism I think that
that kind of manifests as a
fundamentalist religion in some people
where it doesn't matter what the
question is the answer is always more
American militarism and that's um that's
dangerous man
another word for American exceptionalism
you could drop that word exceptional and
just put supreme so what John Bolton is
is an American supremacist so he thinks
all their people in other countries are
inferior and we have a right to dictate
to them how they can live and how they
should live and everybody should bend
the knee to our interests so he really
is as dangerous as it gets and it drives
me crazy that you know it's he's not
really discussed as such by the
Democrats and by the mainstream media
