President Trump has officially pulled
out of the Iran deal that's not good
that's not good I'll break it all down
in a little bit but first let's see what
he said about it and then I'll do my
best to deconstruct it for you and give
you all the nuance and tell you all the
implications we'll see how we do with
Iran probably we won't do very well with
them but that's okay too they've got to
understand life because I don't think
they do understand life if you look at
what's happening in the Middle East with
Syria with Yemen with all other places
they're involved it's bedlam and death
and we can't allow that to happen so we
have terminated a terrible terrible deal
that should have never ever been made
and we will be putting on among the
strongest sanctions that we've ever put
on a country and they're going into
effect very shortly
they're mostly constituted and drawn
already and we'll just have to see what
happens but we can't allow a deal to
hurt the world that's a deal to hurt the
world that's not a deal for the United
States that's a deal to hurt the world
and so we're going to make either a
really good deal for the world or we're
not going to make a deal at all
and Iran will come back say we don't
want to negotiate and of course they're
going to say that and if I wear their
physician I'd say that - for the first
couple of months we're not going to
negotiate but they'll negotiate or
something will happen and hopefully that
won't be the case but I don't think they
should do that I would advise Iran not
to start their nuclear program I would
advise them very strongly if they do
there will be very severe consequence
okay thank you very much okay so there's
a lot to say about this first of all
let's talk a little bit about what the
Iran deal actually is so under the Iran
deal the IAEA the International Atomic
Energy Agency
they get to basically go into Iran and
regulate the [ __ ] out of their nuclear
program
so under this deal Iran is allowed to
have a nuclear program as every country
is under internet international law but
they're only allowed to enrich to a very
low point not the point where you can
get a nuclear weapon they would need to
it would require a significant amount
more enrichment in order to get to a
nuclear weapon so they can do it for
power for their power grid and research
so they're allowed to have a nuclear
program for those reasons again as every
country is under international law
that's just a restatement of
international law so in effect we really
eat there are some hardliners in the US
who say they should have no nuclear
power at all but that's actually that's
not even up for debate or question under
international law they are allowed to
have it for medical research and for
power for their power grid and things of
that nature so they're allowed to have
that and again they're regulated heavily
by the IAEA who can go in there whenever
they want and check and see what's going
on and to this point ten times the IAEA
since the deal was signed 10 times the
IAEA said they're abiding by the deal
completely so in other words the experts
who are responsible for upholding the
deal have said they're upholding their
end of the deal across the board that's
an important fact in fact that's never
brought up by US media honestly never
even brought up by the Democrats now in
return for basically the guarantee that
they don't create a nuclear weapon and
allowing in the regulators to check to
make sure all that happens is the u.s.
relieved the sanctions that we had on
them for a very long time and we give
them back their own money that we stole
and so we have to promise not to put any
new sanctions on them under the deal and
give them back their own money that we
stole
in order to understand why we even had
this deal in the first place you have to
understand history going back decades
and a lot of people don't know this but
in 1953 the CIA overthrew the
democratically elected leader of Iran a
guy named Mohammad Mossadegh now the
reason why we overthrew him is and this
is all historical record you could check
it for yourself it's all out there in
the open this isn't even stuff that they
pretend isn't true anymore it's gotten
to the point where they're like yeah
that's what it is so Mohammad Mossadegh
was elected and he promised that he was
going to give the oil wealth of the
country of Iran to the people of Iran so
when he got in power the u.s. said nope
we can't allow that to happen there's
actually to be fair the US and the UK so
the CIA overthrew the Iranian government
and put the Shah into power
now the Shah had a dictatorship and in
some he was more secular in some ways
and so on social issues you could say
okay he did a better job than what they
have now but inevitably what ended up
happening was the Shah was overthrown in
the 1979 Islamic Revolution so the US
government overthrows a democratically
elected leader puts a dictator into
power then there's a backlash against
the US propped up in Western propped up
dictator and then there's the Islamic
Revolution so since the Islamic
Revolution they've had you know a
theocracy to one degree or another they
have elections and the president has
some power but of course the the
Revolutionary Guards and and the Grand
Ayatollah really really run stuff so
ever since that revolution we've
basically wanted regime change again in
Iran so with the Obama administration in
the Iran deal the nuclear deal it was
just kind of like an acceptance of
reality that okay these are the facts as
they exist right now they have a you
know a government that overthrew our
puppet dictatorship so we're just going
to work within the parameters and make
sure that they don't get a nuclear
weapon and then
give them back their own money and it's
just a way to create peace and stability
and Obama has there are a lot of
terrible things on Middle East policy
but I honestly think that was one of his
his best parts I gave him nothing but
credit for the Iran deal and in fact
what happened was there were some people
in the Trump administration who were
initially against the deal but then they
read it and for example when maddest
read it he said I read it three times
and I was shocked by how tough of a deal
it was and this is a talking point you
guys have heard me say a bunch of times
that under this deal the u.s. got
everything we wanted and all Iran got
was like the bare minimum you know hey
we're gonna roll back the sanctions that
we had on you we're gonna promise not to
add new sanctions and we're gonna give
you back your own money so that's like
okay you get the bare minimum and what
do we get the IAEA gets to basically go
in your country whenever you sacrifice
your sovereignty to have these
regulators go in there and they make
sure that you're not enriching to the
point of getting a nuclear weapon so the
only people who could be against this
deal are ignorant buffoons who know
nothing about it and you know for
example are swayed by stupid and
factually wrong Fox News talking points
and hardline neocon ideologues who want
regime change come hell or high water so
they're just gonna be against any deal
and you know my suspicion is john bolton
who of course was just brought in and
Mike Pompeo these are two people who
have been pushing Trump in the direction
of scrap the Iran nuclear deal and the
Trump I don't think he's a committed
ideologue I don't think he really
believes anything I just think he's
ignorant I think there's a I honestly
would laugh in your face if you told me
you genuinely believed that Donald Trump
read the Iran nuclear deal
I don't think you read it so he's just
going with what his top administration
officials are telling him and they
happen to be hardcore neo cons so that's
what that's the the background of the
Iran nuclear deal
you see a lot of hints of just how
ignorant Trump is in this clip he says
quote about Iran they've got to
understand life I have no idea what that
means that's something that somebody
says when they don't have anything
substantive to say so they fill the air
in the room by hearing their own voice
you know the Iranians they've got a
they've got to understand life I don't
think they understand life what does
that mean Don
and then he says it's a quote terrible
deal okay but you they never go on to
explain why or how it's a bad deal if
they ever say anything Trump brings up
they've got 150 billion dollars of our
money but that's just a lie that's just
factually wrong he makes it seem like
it's American taxpayer money that's
going to Iran that's not true we stole
their money from them and now we're
giving their money back to them so if
it's a terrible explain why it's a
terrible deal they will never give you
accurate real reasons why it's a
terrible deal and then he says we're
gonna make a really good deal okay but
then again so what would be in your
really good deal explain explain what
would be different from the deal we
already have explain what would
constitute a really good deal to what
ends to what ends and then he says oh
we're gonna put on the strongest
sanctions but jackass the whole point of
the sanctions in the first place was
okay we're gonna sanction you until we
get guarantees that you're not gonna
have a nuclear program to make weapons
and we can get regulators in there to
verify that so we got exactly the thing
that the sanctions were [ __ ] for we
got exactly what we wanted but that's
the thing that he doesn't [ __ ]
believe anything the neo-cons want
regime change and so what they're trying
to do is just break up peace and
diplomacy which is what we got with that
deal and then Trump is out there
feigning this idea like oh we're gonna
get a better deal we're gonna put
strongest sanctions on them to what ends
if you're gonna put the strongest
sanctions what for what what's the end
goal or do you just think the sanctions
on their own merit are just something
that's a positive which i think is
really the case on some level but
they're like yeah we just want to punish
we
punish the people of Iran because that's
what this is gonna do and then hopefully
the people of Iran will not blame the US
for and the sanctions for why they're
struggling and they will try to
overthrow the government I think that's
what's going on on some level you know
so discord in discontent and then make
it so that the people turn on the
Iranian government now they're you know
the people are already not happy with
the Iranian government but what's funny
is this this will do the exact opposite
of what they wanted to do this will make
people rally around their own government
and blame the United States and by the
way the other countries their five other
countries in the Iran deal are allies
all of them are like we're staying in
the deal so and that leads to another
point which is listen man the u.s. is
word our word was already worth [ __ ]
before in my opinion because we always
violate international law and I could
give you my whole spiel about that and
you've heard it a million times
but between the Paris agreement we're
the only country in the world that
backed out of the Paris agreement the
only one in the [ __ ] world and now
this no us treaty is gonna be worth
anything ever again because and people
aren't idiots they look and they go oh
they flip like that on things that they
sign the Nexen whatever the next
administration is that comes into power
after the one that signed the treaty
they can just [ __ ] get rid of it
immediately so if they're not gonna
uphold treaties well then why the [ __ ]
would anybody do any negotiation with
them at all and then that brings up the
other point of North Korea you just
decided hey we're gonna have talks with
North Korea and we're gonna get them to
give up their weapons he kim jeong-hoon
just saw you rip up a treaty where they
guaranteed we're not going to create
nuclear weapons and you wanted to punish
them anyway so why would that guy say
I'm gonna give up the nukes I already
have when it's a guarantee you're gonna
be standoffish no matter what it there
is no coherent philosophy guiding this
administration they're just a bunch of
[ __ ] rabid idiots that's what it is
and then he brings up Syria and Yemen
and
knowing that those countries exist
Donald that's probably the bare minimum
you know about them but the amazing
thing is if you're gonna bring up Iran
in the context of Syria and Yemen finish
the thought [ __ ] finish the thought
who are they fighting now when it comes
to Syria they're on the side of the
Assad government they're on the side of
the Syrian government
well the Syrian government like them or
hate them
they are fighting jihadists they are
fighting Isis and al-qaeda that's a fact
so oftentimes you hear this [ __ ]
talking point Trump has said it other
Republicans say it all the time even
some Democrats say it Iran is the number
one state sponsor of terrorism but they
include [ __ ] like that in their
conception of terrorism so being on the
side of the Syrian government against
Isis and al-qaeda constitutes terrorism
- these [ __ ] morons so and then with
Yemen are you [ __ ] kidding me the
Shia Houthis are in control of Yemen
right now they're fighting back against
Sunni fundamentalist so al-qaeda and
Saudi Arabia so yet again you're framing
this notion as and we don't even know
for sure if Iran is really giving
weapons to the Shia Houthis but let's
say they are for a second so what I
don't give a [ __ ]
I would rather then maintain control of
Yemen then [ __ ] al-qaeda who are the
Sunni militias on the ground so this
they're so confused about the world or
they're not really confused and what
they're they're doing is using these
arguments to bolster Saudi Arabia Saudi
Arabia who's our ally and we don't give
a [ __ ] that they're in bed with al-qaeda
we don't give a [ __ ] we fund jihadist
rebels in Syria so mister I'm tough on
terrorism is actually siding with the
people who are the real terrorists there
is no Shia jihadist threat against the
u.s. that's not a thing Jesus Christ man
and then
I think the the the most important point
is at the end of that clip there he says
we're gonna make a better deal which
again they never described what are the
terms of this better deal you're talking
about we already got everything we want
the Iran deal
we already got everything we want in
that so when you say we're gonna make
another deal first of all no you're not
second of all even if you were what the
[ __ ] would be in that deal what would be
in it that would make you different from
what we have right now he goes quote or
something will happen or what will
happen Don what will [ __ ] happen what
will happen say it say it say it
you guys want regime change again I
don't think he actually wants anything
because he's just an idiot he doesn't
know anything and he's ignorant he has
no ideology he's just [ __ ] going with
whatever the Windsor oh the last person
in the room told me to [ __ ] go to war
again so I'm going to Oregon but Pompeo
and bolton and the his rabid band of
neocon idiots that's what they want they
want regime change and they're gonna try
to get it come hell or high water and
listen listen men it's not a coincidence
that John Bolton came into the
administration and then a week later we
were already bombing the Syrian
government that's not a coincidence
these guys are open and honest about
what they want they want regime change
they want total and complete US
dominance of everywhere of everywhere in
the world that's what they want in the
geopolitical chess board we need to have
our puppet dictators in control so they
threw out a perfectly good deal simply
because they don't want that regime in
there so yet again it's hilarious these
are the same people who Yelp about
interference in our elections
interference in our elections we over
can you imagine having the nerve having
the balls where your government
overthrew another government a
democratically elected leader and that
today we're still trying to dictate the
terms to that government now I'm not a
fan of the Islamic Republic of course
not
it's none of our business though who the
[ __ ] rules Iran none whatsoever
and if anything us being against the
government is going to rally people to
the side of the government because
if there's anything there rallies people
together it's an outside influence
foreign invaders against them and that's
what's happening here so this is
terrible and again the u.s. word means
absolutely nothing now between the Paris
agreement and the Iran deal you know and
[ __ ] Kim Jong moon learn the lesson
for the 900 and 13th time of course I'm
never gonna give up my nukes what are
you [ __ ] crazy he might say and he
might make some real concessions but
he's never gonna [ __ ] give up his
nuke so you saw what happened with
Gaddafi he sees what happens with Iran
they don't even have nukes you made a
deal I guarantee they don't have nukes
and you still rip up the deal so get him
out of there man get this administration
out of there this is like horrendously
stupid horrendously stupid again
probably two of the best things Obama
did Paris climate agreement even though
it should have been more than that the
Republicans rejected it as a treaty
that's why it's just an agreement
because they didn't approve it to be a
treaty but the Paris climate agreement
is one and the Iran nuclear deal is
another and he's just [ __ ] ripping it
up ripping it up thrown out the window
Obamacare he's basically destroyed that
and Obamacare was a half measure to
begin with it's a right-wing idea to
begin with but it's better than what we
had but he destroyed that too that's why
four million people have lost their
health insurance since Trump became
president four million people so that's
he doesn't have an ideology he doesn't
have a philosophy he's the FoxNews
president it's a bad deal I heard it was
a bad deal from [ __ ] Brian Kilmeade
and Greg Gutfeld and [ __ ] you know
it's Steve Doocy to genius Steve Doocy
I heard it was a bad deal so what we're
gonna do it's a terrible deal we're
gonna make a really good deal and we're
gonna have the strongest sanctions or
something will happen yeah so just
casually threaten other countries even
though we got a deal where we got
everything we wanted so [ __ ] this
they're they're a bunch of loathsome
cretins and simply if you think
otherwise you just don't know what the
[ __ ] you're talking about you don't know
anything you don't know anything about
what you're talking about you haven't
read the deal when I read the deal I was
like holy [ __ ] this is I honestly
thought this is too hard on Iran
like I'm amazed that they agreed to this
in the first place oh and final point I
