so this story is about a week old but I
feel compelled to cover it because it
blew up so much and there are so many
varying opinions on it well actually
it's not that there are so many varying
opinions is that there are two camps
that are really convinced of what
they're saying and they've been barking
back and forth and of course what I'm
referring to is Donald Trump using the
word animals so Democrats by and large
are saying well he was referring to all
undocumented immigrants and so what a
[ __ ] crazy person he is to call all
undocumented immigrants animals and then
Republicans are saying no you're being
disingenuous he was referring to ms-13
specifically so don't try to make it
like you're you're making a mountain out
of a molehill and you're taking him out
of context to try to score political
points well I wanted to give everybody
the full context then give you my
breakdown of it and see where the truth
lies
I cannot tell ice about them we have
people coming into the country of trying
to come in we're stopping a lot of them
but we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these aren't people
these are animals and we're taking them
out of the country at a level and at a
rate that's never happened before and
because of the weak laws they come in
fast we get them we release them we get
them again we bring them out it's crazy
the dumbest laws as I said before the
dumbest laws on immigration in the world
okay so I want to play it one more time
and just try to try to follow every
aspect of it from the beginning to the
end and you know you make a
determination in your mind whether you
think he was referring to ms-13 or if
he's referring to all undocumented
immigrants watch
there will be an ms-13 gang member I
know about if they don't we just the
best certain threshold
I cannot tell ice about them we have
people coming into the country of trying
to come in we're stopping a lot of them
but we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these aren't people
these are animals and we're taking them
out of the country at a level and at a
rate that's never happened before and
because of the weak laws they come in
fast we get him we release him we get
him again we bring them out it's crazy
the dumbest laws as I said before the
dumbest laws on immigration in the world
so he says she refers to ms-13 and I
think that's a sheriff talking to him
right there if I'm not mistaken and you
know earlier on in her comment she you
could tell she's very right-leaning and
she's talking about how oh my goodness
the ice officers don't get to do
whatever they want that's so terrible
and that's unfair and we're trying to
keep the streets safe but you know we
need more leeway to basically do
whatever the [ __ ] we want
and so she references ms-13 Trump says
quote we have people coming in we're
taking people out you wouldn't believe
how bad these people are these people
aren't people these are animals so quote
we have people coming in we're taking
people out you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these people aren't
people they're animals so listen to me
when I hear that I honestly think this
is a Rorschach test
for how one feels about Trump because if
you're if you're being kind in your
interpretation and I know to be fair I
don't think it's an outlandish
interpretation you could say well she
referenced ms-13 she clearly did and
then he took that comment and just added
on to that comment and was like you're
right these people coming into the
country he could mean these people as in
ms-13 coming into the country they're
animals but then it's
so not an outlandish interpretation to
say she references ms-13 and then when
he starts talking he's not like adding
on to the ms-13 point he's saying quote
we have people coming in we're taking
people out you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these people aren't
people they're animals so when she
mentions ms-13 and then he says we have
people coming in we're taking people out
they're not people they're animals that
that could mean like yeah the people
coming in so like all of the people
coming in are animals so to me what I
find [ __ ] fascinating is honestly how
disingenuous everybody's being over this
because it I've seen Democrats who are
like nope 100 percent he's talking about
all undocumented immigrants and that's
the end of the conversation and if you
disagree you're being disingenuous and
then I've seen Republicans and in fact I
think we're gonna cover one of these
stories later in the show because it's
[ __ ] preposterous
you know like Alex Jones for example
people who lean to the right who are
like Democrats love ms-13 what No stop
you clearly what they're saying is they
think he's you know referring to all
undocumented immigrants when he says
these people are animals now you
disagree and you think he said ms-13 but
don't mischaracterize them you know
there's a lot of like a lot of in
right-wing circles they're like the left
keeps defending ms-13 today they're on
the side of ms-13 tonight like no stop
with your [ __ ] that's such a hacky thing
to say cuz it's obvious nobody on the
left is like I love ms-13 no they're
like we think he was referring to all
undocumented immigrants when he said
that not ms-13 so when we say hey you're
[ __ ] up mr. president it's not like
we're saying you're [ __ ] up for
calling ms-13 animals as we're saying
you're [ __ ] up for calling all
undocumented immigrants animals so I
this is the ultimate Rorschach test
about Donald Trump and you know my my
reading of the situation
that I see a lot of disingenuous nasaw
louver the place where people on the
left are acting like it is impossible to
interpret Trump's statement as anything
other than he was referring to all
undocumented immigrants and I don't
think that's true
and then people on the right are acting
like all Democrats are now loved ms-13
no they think he's referring to all
undocumented immigrants now that's not
the end of the commentary on this though
because to me the main point is honestly
it doesn't even matter that much but the
specific rhetoric here I mean we're
literally arguing over semantics that's
what this is we're talking about exactly
did he Ward it and what exactly did he
mean now he's come out and said I was
referring to ms-13
so stop saying was referring to all
undocumented immigrants however to me
all that matters at the end of the day
is what the policy and so I don't give a
[ __ ] what you were saying there I care
about what you're doing and when you
look at what Trump is doing well that's
where everything that's really
objectionable comes into play so take a
look at this how Trump changed the rules
to arrest more non criminal immigrants
so they go on to explain the Trump
signed an executive order that basically
makes it so that there is no priority on
undocumented immigrants who are also
criminals now it's hey if it's just any
undocumented immigrant you can deport
them and you should deport them so okay
I have a problem with that I don't agree
with that policy I have no problem
whatsoever with deporting you know
undocumented immigrants who are violent
criminals no problem with that
whatsoever and I honestly think most
people on the Left don't have a problem
with that but do I have a problem with
somebody who's an undocumented immigrant
who's a law-abiding citizen who hasn't
really done anything wrong yes you know
earning a living and taking care of
their family and and doing their thing
do I want that person deported [ __ ] no I
don't want that person deported well
Donald Trump signed an executive order
that said yes I'm fine I it's fine with
deporting people like that so I don't
care about what you said
I care about what you're doing and what
you're doing on that front is terrible
so you are actually treating all
undocumented immigrants like they're
animals if that's your policy and I
totally totally disagree with that
policy now furthermore Donald Trump is
the guy who came out and said on the
campaign trail that he wants a quote
total and complete shutdown of Muslims
coming into the country total and
complete shutdown of Muslims total and
complete total and complete so that's
Donald Trump saying yeah I all Muslims I
don't want you coming into the country
total and complete shutdown so the idea
that we're even debating at this point
whether or not this guy is a bigot
I mean it's it's laughable now also look
at what he said during the launch of his
campaign he said quote they're bringing
drugs they're bringing crime they're
rapists and some I assume are good
people that's a direct quote they're
bringing drugs they're bringing crime
they're rapists and some I assume are
good people
so that's one of those comments where I
always mention it he flipped it he
flipped it if Donald Trump said hey
people coming into this country some of
them are bringing drugs some of them are
bringing crime some of them are rapists
I would actually defend him on that
front but because that's true and of any
group some are not gonna be great people
but he flipped it and he said they're
bringing drugs they're bringing crime
they're rapists and some I assume are
good people so that's him saying yeah
they're mostly bad people but some are
good no that's obviously a bigoted
comment and if you don't see it you're
being dense on purpose and then we don't
even need to get into the rest of the
the the other history of it the Central
Park five and that whole fiasco where he
called for the death penalty because
there were minorities who were accused
of rape or something of that effect
turns out they were all innocent when
Trump was told about that he said I
don't care kill him anyway
there was birtherism I mean that's kind
of how he came to prominence in the
realm of politics specifically he kept
talking about birtherism
oh the first black president he's not
American even though he's showed his
birth his short form birth certificate
his long-form birth certificate his
[ __ ] college records everything
imaginable a [ __ ] newspaper clipping
from the time when he was born
announcing his birth in Hawaii never
mattered gee I wonder why could it be
because this president has dark skin
meanwhile John McCain was born on a
[ __ ] military base in Panama he
wasn't born in America and everybody
gave him a pass you know it was no big
deal but Bhama I don't know he looks
kind of different and then of course
there's a nationwide stop and frisk
which he called for which by the way
it's well over 99% ineffective but he
called for nationwide stop and frisk and
by the way they disproportionately
cracked down on black people and
Hispanic people
so cracks down on minorities totally
ineffective but takes away their Fourth
Amendment rights I wonder if that's a
bigoted policy and of course he was sued
over [ __ ] housing discrimination he
was sued over housing discrimination
well documented cases of them
effectively redlining and you know
trying to not have black people in their
buildings this goes back to I think the
80s was it the 80s or the 70s but see
this is to me what matters is the policy
so when you argue over the semantics and
when you guys split hairs and you know
Democrats are saying the problem is he
called a you know undocumented
immigrants all undocumented immigrants
animals to me that's not as important as
because there is a question as to
whether or not he really meant ms-13 and
you may have just met ms-13 but to me
the real thing the Democrats should be
bringing up is regardless of what you
said there your immigration policy
change the rules to arrest more non
criminal immigrants so regardless of
what you said about undocumented
immigrants you are trying to deport all
the undocumented immigrants or certainly
your policy is that that you're not
prioritizing criminals so I don't agree
with what you're doing and treating all
undocumented immigrants like they're bad
so I would focus more on the policy than
the rhetoric because the policy
ultimately is what matters so but you're
not going to hear the end of this listen
man this story's about a week old but I
decided to cover it because I was just
so tired
of I mean the number of [ __ ] tweets I
read and the number of [ __ ] people
I've seen who's like no he said he said
ms-13 no we said on document immigrants
all undocumented migrants know we said
ms-13 and the whole time I'm sitting
there listening like I actually can see
both interpretations of that and pretty
clearly I can see both interpretations
of that but ultimately why are we not
talking about what he's actually doing
and then by the way final point is yes
Donald Trump signed the executive order
that makes it so that you know all
undocumented immigrants are fair game to
get rid of and it's not just criminals
there's not a focus I should say on
criminals but let me be clear about
something else in his first year in
office Trump's first year in office
he actually deported fewer undocumented
immigrants then Obama did in his last
year in office so and that's an
inconvenient fact that Democrats don't
like to talk about but it's true
you know Obama would have the nickname
that DePorter in chief because he kept
deporting people so you know I think if
we're gonna crack down on Trump for his
shitty immigration policies which I
agree with by the way I obviously don't
agree with his immigration policies I
think we should be intellectually honest
and consistent and talk about how that
doesn't mean Obama was good that doesn't
mean the Democrats are good it just
means that Trump is shitty and the
Democrats were pretty shitty too so
listen in my mind the proper immigration
policy is I would I have no problem
deporting violent criminals
who are undocumented immigrants no
problem at all but outside of that if
you're an undocumented immigrant and
you're not a criminal or if you're an
undocumented immigrant and you're a non
violent criminal like it some sort of
drug conviction I don't care
leave them alone they're regular people
just like you and me just living their
lives so what aren't annoying back and
forth that it's been happening in the
country splitting hairs and arguing over
some
