so CNN has been doing multiple stories
about Infowars
and their implication continues to be
that they should be banned from you know
their respective platforms that they're
on so let's take a look here this is
brian Stelter on reliable sources let's
watch and then we'll discuss say they
are working hard every day to stop the
spread of misinformation and they say
they want to help people find reliable
sources so here we go one day this week
I was at a press event at YouTube all
about this and the next day CNN's Oliver
Dorsey was in a Facebook event about
this so he asked a simple question how
can Facebook be serious about fighting
misinformation and still that Infowars
have a page with nearly 1 million
followers here to tell us what happened
next is CNN senior media reporter Oliver
Darcy let's talk about why Facebook
reacted the way it did you asked this
question at a press event here's a part
of Facebook's answer in this kind of
formal statement they issued later they
say look we see pages on our site
they're on both the left and the right
pumping out what they consider opinion
or analysis but which others call fake
news we believe banning these pages
would be contrary to the basic
principles of free speech so what do we
do instead we demote individual posts
that are reported by Facebook users and
rated as false by fact checkers so
that's the Facebook explanation why does
it not hold water right well I went to
this press event where they aim to tout
their fight against misinformation and
conspiracy theories online and after the
presentation I asked a very simple
question how can you host Infowars
and then sit there and tell us that you
take misinformation online of you
seriously and at the time the Facebook
executives didn't really have a good
answer but the answer from base was
pretty clear they say we demote those BS
stories so fewer people see them that is
action right it is action and that's
Facebook's arguments I think a lot of
people are saying maybe that's not
enough action why would you poison a
hundred people with false information if
you're acknowledging that it's not good
information it's it's not good enough
for our large audience so why would it
be good enough for a small audience and
I think that is going to be a question
that Facebook's going to have to answer
going forward yes so the company's
response it says you know
these sites might be opinion or analysis
I think the reason why this offended too
many people is because they're
suggesting it's an opinion you know it's
an acceptable opinion right that for
example the Sandy Hook massacre was a
hoax and it's classified on their
website as a news and media website and
Facebook's basically saying different
publishers have different points of view
I think this is not really a case of a
different point of view a left or right
it's really a matter of right and wrong
right and Facebook could come down and
say this is you know poisoning the well
this is bad information we're not gonna
host this this kind of content on our
platform Facebook's instead saying that
we're gonna be not removing content
that's false and kind of interesting
from the company that says it's doing a
lot to fight misinformation online and
this is not just an issue for Facebook
it's an issue for Twitter for YouTube
for other tech platforms as well boat
wars pops up on all of them right info
us has a YouTube channel they have a
Twitter page Alex Jones is non-stop
tweeting and live-streaming using
periscope which is a twitter product and
so it does really beg the question do
these tech giants have a responsibility
to stem misinformation online and if it
does does it stop what Jones or does it
also go transfer to other outlets that's
partly why this gets so complicated
though right Facebook and other tech
giant's do not want to be in the
business of deciding what's true or
what's false right they would much
rather with the algorithms just you know
demote really ugly content I think that
not have to make decision yeah I think
that's why Facebook does not really want
to take a position on this they don't
want to ban them outright because
they're afraid that that's gonna be seen
as censorship against conservatives and
particularly the pro shop media house
Jones is gonna hear this he's gonna say
why is CNN out to get me why are you
trying to take me down right reaction
III my reaction is I was asking a very
simple question at a Facebook event
where they said that they are stemming
misinformation online that they're very
serious about combating misinformation
conspiracy theories and and fake news
and so I think the obvious question is
how can you host the leading purveyor of
conspiracy theories online while
claiming simultaneously that you're
serious about fighting fake news on your
platform that's the question so there
are a few things to point out here the
most important one is okay you
Alex Jones promoting fake news well
without a doubt yes I mean there's no
question about that we cover him all the
time and virtually all my commentary is
like okay that's actually wrong that's
factually wrong that's stupid that's
stupid and I stand by my record on all
of my segments debunking Alex Jones
so does he promote fake news without a
doubt but I have I take issue with the
whole premise of their conversation
which is like oh you have to have there
something has to be done it has to be
done it has to be done now I get it
they're saying well no that's the claim
that Facebook is making Facebook is
saying oh we're doing so much to fight
fake news and and you know the response
from CNN has been like oh really you
have Infowars on there so you're
obviously not doing that much but there
is an implication with what the CNN
hosts are saying there which is you
should really not kick them off your
platform now if anybody is justified in
you know having a some sort of vendetta
against Infowars its brian Stelter
because alex jones has gone on these
really weird creepy rants against brian
Stelter that actually have scared the
[ __ ] out of me and made me feel like you
know jones needs medication
like it would that bad you can go back
and check those out type in secular talk
alex jones brian Stelter - you know the
search box if you want to see my
commentary on that and see the video of
jones flipping out but so I get Brian
Celgene why he'd be against Alex Jones
and why he'd you know want to talk about
this stuff but at the same time I don't
for the life of me I don't understand
how they don't realize how terrible a
precedent that would be so let's say you
kick Alex Jones off of Facebook off of
Twitter off of YouTube okay well I've
already seen articles from CNN
nonetheless that link alongside Alex
Jones jimmy dore they said oh my god
here's this conspiracy theorist on the
left named jimmy dore and the reason
he's a conspiracy theorist is because he
spoke about how the evidence for assad
using sarin gas against his own people
is non-existent and the u.s. bombed
before there was even an investigation
okay we'll see when Jimmy says that
that's what we call factually accurate
just because CNN and mainstream media is
parroting the narrative that came
directly out of the Defense Department
doesn't mean that they are factually
correct and Jimmy is wrong in fact Jimmy
was 100% factually right and he was
included in an article alongside Alex
Jones and literal neo-nazis about fake
news on YouTube so you see the problem
here they're okay if you start uh you
know kicking people off of the platform
and banning them and censoring them well
it all starts with well I do it with the
worst well just the [ __ ] really
hateful [ __ ] okay get rid of that
well then it becomes he-said she-said
game of well now some people say jimmy
dore is a terrible conspiracy theorist
well you know people on the Left can
keep pointing at people on the right
like steven crowder and ben shapiro and
saying hey listen man it's not that
they're just giving opinions they are
factually wrong about a lot of the stuff
they talk about like for example when it
comes to taxes when it comes to foreign
policy you there are demonstrable proven
falsehoods that those guys pew so okay
that is by definition fake news it's
untrue stuff that they keep reporting
should they go so the left is gonna
point to the right and say they gotta go
the right is gonna point to the left you
think a Ted Cruz voter is not gonna
point at this show and say oh my god
he's terrible he's doing fake news look
at how disparaging he is of
conservatives and of fundamentalist
evangelicals so everybody is offended by
something everybody's gonna say
something's hate speech when it's not
hate speech everybody's gonna say
something untrue when it's not or maybe
it is but that's the point either you go
down this path and set the precedent of
banning people or you just draw one
clean line and say you know what it's
all allowed I'm in the camp of it's all
allowed now if you want to say hey man
no door
threats of violence you're kicked off if
that happens if you dock somebody you're
gone you know in that case sure yeah
there of course there can be rules but
the question is do you want to lean
toward the side of free speech or do you
want to lean toward the side of we're
gonna be the the mother patrolling the
internet and trying to protect the
public from things that we deem unworthy
of them to see but the problem is who
the [ __ ] would trust Silicon Valley
oligarchs to be objective in this
decision-making and the answer is nobody
should I mean there are gonna be some
people who trust it but they're just
wrong to trust it I mean god damn it CNN
is begging for more censorship here guys
CNN they were the people along with the
rest of the mainstream media who did all
of the fake news on the lead up to the
Iraq war you know there are a lot of
people out there who CNN would accuse of
doing fake news that never did fake news
that led to a literal invasion of
another country that killed hundreds of
thousands of innocent people the
mainstream media referred to torture as
enhanced interrogation because the Bush
administration told them to now it was
really torture but they called it
enhanced interrogation why because they
were doing fake news to do propaganda
for the government so they could still
have access to that government when they
wanted it so what happens when CNN does
fake news what happens joy-ann Reid just
did a thing the other week you know we
spoke about her on this show she lied
about not making blog post that she
definitely made so that's fake news
should Joanne Reid not be allowed on on
YouTube or Facebook or any of these
social media platforms I mean if they're
being objective and how they enforce
their rules the answer is yes we've
spoken about this in the context of
Donald Trump Donald Trump has quite
literally violated Twitter's vague ass
rules on hate speech talking about you
know when he was threatening North Korea
to bomb North Korea going months back on
Twitter you know threatening violence
there's one example the disparaging
things things he said about Muslims is
another
example so he's violated Twitter's Terms
of Service should he be banned no see
the point is guys you should lean
heavily towards the side of freedom of
speech only in the clearest cases
imaginable should you be able to you
know kick somebody off or do something
like that but don't trust Silicon Valley
oligarchs they're not gonna be objective
and how they enforce these things what
they're gonna do is have a very Pro
establishment media bias which is why
CNN does this segment by the way because
they know that no matter what they're
always going to be the last man standing
because they're the most trusted name in
news so even though they do terrible
[ __ ] fake news [ __ ] all the time
but oh where where were the most trusted
name in news because we're coasting off
our legacy and off that [ __ ] slogan
so we escape any censorship crackdown
which means that they're gonna cheer
lead Center ship all day because they
actually have a financial incentive to
do so
because they know it eliminates the
competition and see that's my point in
this segment is you know CNN you guys if
you really wanted to you could do a
giant expose on Alex Jones you have the
resources you have the money you have
the manpower you know this little
rinky-dink show here we'd debunk Alex
Jones on a weekly basis I've converted
more people away from Alex Jones than
CNN ever will you know they're
cheerleading for his censorship
I don't cheerlead for his censorship I
say he should have the right to speak
and I'm gonna bust up the stupid
[ __ ] you say cuz it's exactly that
stupid [ __ ] but instead of engaging
and destroying and logically breaking
down instead of debunking him what they
do is they try to draw clean lines
around the conversation and say no
you're just outside of that conversation
and we're not gonna allow you in the
conversation but that's not gonna
convince people if anything that puts
him in this corner as ooh he's the edgy
outsider you just defined him as the
edgy outsider which could attract more
people to his nonsense so this would set
a terrible precedent who the [ __ ] would
the fact-checkers even be who's gonna
fact-check the fact checkers you know
it's all that's gonna happen is legacy
media gets a competitive advantage over
all independent outlets and it would
never be enforced objectively because
when CNN does fake news when Fox News
does fake news when MSNBC does fake news
there's no punishment
there's only punishment if you're
independent if you're smaller and a
price I'm willing to pay to have a free
and open system is allowing the fringe
lunatics like Alex Jones to also have a
voice now again I'm in favor of fighting
back against them
so yes argue debunk show demonstrate
stuff prove it to a logical breakdown
show the evidence show where he's wrong
and that's how you win you know you
don't you don't just declare that
they're there outside of the realm of
debate they are literally not in the
sense that he has like three million
[ __ ] listeners so even though you
want to pretend like he's outside of the
but he's literally not outside of the
debate he's not he's not he's not he's
just not so for you to say is we're
gonna act like we're gonna do platform
him but why is he's in the debate he has
the followers instead of addressing what
he's saying you're just like that's it
no he's outside of the debate see the
thing is when CNN begs for or implies
that Alex Jones should should be banned
it somehow makes them look more petty
than Alex Jones which is like
unbelievably stupid because he's such a
menace and he's so bad and he's so full
of [ __ ] but when you do [ __ ] like this
he just capitalizes on it
now oh my god I'm the victim oh my god
I'm the edgy outsider truth teller which
is why they're trying to censor me and
they're calling for me to be banned I'm
not calling for them to be banned so Wow
look at that I must be right so it's you
just got to stop it [ __ ] you they
think they're doing like good work
you're not doing good work and it
strikes me the thing that annoys me more
than anything is that it strikes me like
they genuinely haven't thought through
this like they really haven't thought
okay what precedent does this set if we
get rid of Infowars what precedent is
that
who else would it affect and by the way
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say
I don't even agree with the demoting of
the stories I don't even agree with that
because again guess who gets swept up in
those algorithms and gets pushed to the
bottom me Jimmy Dore TYT all these other
outlets then most people probably
wouldn't want swept to the bottom if
they knew what we were saying they knew
was accurate but oh no the way Kyle
talks and the specific topics he covers
you can't talk about Saudi Arabia and
permanent Israeli Apartheid and get your
story promoted or not get your story
tampered down you're talking about taboo
subjects so we will just lump that into
the fake news category Oh Kyle you did a
segment where you covered
charlottesville neo-nazis but since
neo-nazi is in the title of your video
we're scared its actual neo-nazi content
so we're gonna de prioritize it and
demote it that's how these algorithms
work they're not specific they're not
nuanced they're not doing the job they
were designed to do or supposedly
designed to do they are hurting
independent content creators so even the
idea of like oh we're doing a good thing
we are demoting content that we say is
fake news but you don't even know what
the [ __ ] fake news is you don't you
don't these from the same people who
thought it was [ __ ] when we got the
WikiLeaks information about the DNC
about the DNC break in the primaries the
same people who refused to cover that
are gonna tell us what fake news is know
that news was accurate you just didn't
like it so you didn't cover it so it's
annoying it's annoying we're not
fighting a fair fight here it's people
with all the money and all the power and
all the control versus independent
content creators and it's it's upsetting
is what it is to say the least
