Dave Weigel of the Washington Post said
something pretty interesting on Twitter
this was back on February 7th I want
everybody to take a look
asked Dems at retreat presser if they'll
run in 2018 on repealing the tax cuts
and Jobs Act answer not really
they'll quote restore balance Joe
Crowley who by the way is one of the top
corporate Democrats in the country and
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes is running
against Joe Crowley and she has a real
chance in the primary so please look her
up and support her if you can Joe
Crowley said quote Democrats are for
creating economic security for the
American people were not in favor of
putting the country further out of
balance so a different tone that ours
Republicans visa vie Obamacare excuse me
a different tone than Republicans visa
vie Obamacare we promise to repeal
Obamacare ended up being a bogus promise
but it won elections so look at what
he's saying there the Republicans when
they campaign you know what they do they
throw red meat at the feet of their base
non-stop yeah you know what we're gonna
do
we're kicking immigrants we don't like
immigrants yeah and the base is likely
oh yeah [ __ ] the immigrants bro woo
they're the problem with everything
we're not scapegoating woo so that's
what they do and they say Obamacare
we're gonna repeal Obamacare that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna reveal
replace it it's so terrible and you know
what they could point to when John
Boehner was Speaker the house they tried
to repeal Obamacare over 60 times what
what now compare that to the Democrats
even when the Democrats have the
overwhelming majority of the American
people with them they try once lose and
then take their ball and go home so for
example universal background checks
that's a policy that over 90% of
Americans support even a majority of
Republicans even a majority
of NRA members say yeah universal
background checks we're in favor of that
well guess what
the Republicans said no when the
Democrats proposed it and then what guys
what okay fine we're gonna go away now
no counter-argument no trying again no
doubling down or being aggressive in
their messaging that's this what the
Democrats do and now we're presented
with another clear opportunity is what
this is guys Donald Trump's tax bill
this Republican tax bill which is now
law you know what the approval rating
was it ranged there were obviously
different polls done on it sometimes the
approval rating was in the 20s the
highest one I saw was 33% that's how the
American people felt about this this tax
bill that's how they felt about it and
so Dave Weigel goes well I'll ask the
Democrats cuz the most obvious thing to
run on in the world are you gonna run on
repealing this tax bill and replacing it
with your own tax bill just like the
Obamacare strategy that the Republicans
had repeal and replace go hard every day
attacking this tax well are they gonna
do that nope
they say literally no we're for
restoring balance what does that mean
what does that even mean what does that
mean again I'm gonna I'm gonna bring up
the Adam Johnson quote because he says
this repeatedly and it's spot on
Democrats need to learn that nobody
shows up to a pep rally for a tie nobody
does that
can you imagine everybody to stand
around on a pep rally yeah what are we
gonna do we're gonna tie with the other
team nobody does that
they shall we're gonna crush them we're
gonna win that's what we're gonna do
but the Democrats entire message is well
yeah what I would like is maybe if we
had Tim bipartisanship in some
negotiation and some compromise and then
maybe we could have some balance and I
think that would be wonderful if we
could sit down at the table with these
people that we vehemently disagree with
and then meet them halfway which means
that we'll get legislation that we
halfway completely disagree with and I
think maybe that would be a good idea
you can't say the Republicans are
crazy in one breath and then in the next
breath say and that's why we should meet
them halfway because then what you're
arguing is it wouldn't it be great and
wouldn't it be ideal if all of our
legislation was half crazy that's your
argument but listen man
the Democrats are fundamentally weak and
there are many reasons for but one of
the reasons is because of their donors
so at the end of the day the Democratic
donors also want deregulation of Wall
Street the Democratic donors also want
their taxes cut just go back and look at
that clip of the billionaire who was on
MSNBC what's his name James Clube accor
something like that he was a billionaire
on MSNBC in one of the top donors to the
Democratic Party and he would tell Chuck
Schumer and Nancy Pelosi if you don't
stop with the anti rich stuff we're done
with you we're not gonna fund you
anymore to which I say good [ __ ] go
home we don't want you
I mean how [ __ ] arrogant you're
giving money to politicians and you're
saying I'm going to control you send the
the Democratic Party becomes the [ __ ]
James clew Beck party and not what's
it's supposed to be the party of the
people the party of workers but of
course Chuck and Nancy you're like yes
sir so that Bernie Sanders rhetoric you
know that Rho Conner rhetoric did you
sweep that under the rug shut the [ __ ]
up shut the [ __ ] up shut the [ __ ] up and
then that's why they go out there and
they're not saying they're not running
on a platform of yeah we're gonna get
rid of these gigantic tax cuts for the
rich of course we're gonna get rid of
these are you crazy
it cuts corporate taxes from 30 percent
to 21 percent at a time when
corporations are already paying a
historic low percentage of the tax
burden we're gonna get rid of it [ __ ]
massively slashes the estate tax the
estate tax is just a tax that applies to
people with [ __ ] estates it's like
the top point o 1% of society that's who
they decided to save money for 83% of
the benefits of this bill go to the top
one percent this bill raises taxes on
every American making $75,000 a year or
less over a 10-year period of course
we're going to get rid of
they don't say that why because their
donors also kind of like the bill that's
who loves this bill rich people so if
the Democrats are beholden to those rich
people it's controlled opposition so
that's why they go out there hey are you
gonna run on repealing this horrendous
tax bill that screws over working people
across this country no we're not we're
gonna restore balance what does that
even mean what does that mean you even
telling you man it's Milton it's the
stapler guy from [ __ ] office space oh
yeah we thank you mine I have my stapler
back I'd really appreciate could I
please have the government back I would
like to maybe win an election or two and
I think it would be wonderful if we did
that but you're not gonna get people to
vote for you if whenever you have power
you don't do the things that people want
anyway
and that's what happens the Democrats
had a super majority under Barack Obama
they didn't do single-payer when they
had a super majority they'd even get a
[ __ ] public option which is like the
most watered down version that would be
acceptable for a health care bill and
and honestly that even still wouldn't be
acceptable but it'd be better than
[ __ ] Obama care which is a formerly
right-wing bill I mean that's what that
was that Obamacare copied Romneycare in
Massachusetts Obamacare copied a
Heritage Foundation bill I mean that's
what an individual mandate system is
it's the original right-wing plan so
what if the Democrats have control and
they do Republican policies anyway then
the Democrats aren't going to win
because when the people are given an
option between Republican and Republican
light they're always going to pick the
Republican base they go at least that's
more authentic you have to run as
liberals run as progressives run as left
wingers on Apollo unapologetic left
wingers but they're not going to do that
so by the way we checked in on this
because I just gave you the Dave Weigel
tweets this was from February 7th a few
days later zyi Jelani of the intercept
said well let me follow up on this and
see what's going on maybe you know Dave
Woggle just spoke to one or two
Democrats and they said no we're not
gonna run on that but now maybe they saw
the headlines and they said hey maybe we
should actually run on repealing this
thing it already at best is 33% popular
so why wouldn't we run on that so zyi
Jelani followed up and what did he find
Democrats pessimistic on tax cut we've
got what we've got for the next thirty
years they have no fight in them they
have no fight in them you know I've
pointed this out before but I'm gonna
keep pointing it out because it's true
if the Democrats chose to run on
virtually any policy issue they would
win in a landslide in the next election
it wouldn't even be close it wouldn't
even can you imagine the enthusiasm how
quickly people would come out to vote
for Democrats if they for example said
our whole strategy for the 2018 midterms
is we're gonna get you a living wage
we're gonna get you a living wage and
we're going to tie it to inflation we're
gonna get a $15 minimum wage tied to
inflation that's what we're about and
then they their whole campaign was built
around that we support fight for 15 you
could point out the examples there are
states where Republicans literally
lowered the minimum wage they lowered it
I didn't hear a single word from a
national Democrat about that you could
run a campaign just on that and say we
win you want to know why 80% of
Americans are already with you 80% of
Americans want to raise the minimum wage
even most Republicans are with you
that's a clear winner of an issue you
could say these Republicans they despise
working people you want to raise minimum
wage they want to lower the minimum wage
they're so disconnected formality US
Democrats are gonna raise the minimum
wage to a living wage and tied to
inflation we're gonna help millions of
people across this country that's what
we're gonna do because if you work
full-time you should make enough money
to survive that's a position why are the
Republicans against the duh
did you know that the minimum wage is
actually worth less today than the
minimum wage was in 1968 did you know
that if the minimum wage kept pace with
inflation from 1968 it would be about 10
dollars and 75 cents or so today so now
it's 725 the minimum wage is worth
significantly less than it was in 1968
if the
wage kept up with productivity it'd be
about $20 an hour today if the minimum
wage kept pace with the wage growth of
the top 1% it'd be 21 dollars today
point out these things fight for these
things but they won't do it that's how
they'd win an election could you imagine
if every Democrat in the country got on
on on the page of we're gonna run on
legalizing taxing and regulating
marijuana and we're gonna attack the
issue from every angle we're gonna say
guess what this is gonna create hundreds
of thousands of jobs Republicans I guess
you're against creating hundreds of
thousands of jobs guess what this is
gonna do massive deficit reduction for
the respective states across the country
and for the federal government I guess
you know I guess the Republicans are
against collecting tax revenue and I
guess they're not fiscal Hawks and
fiscal conservatives and deficit hawks
because they want to keep the deficit
high by not legalizing marijuana
I guess the Republicans are against the
free market because all we want to do is
take this issue which by the way 60
percent of the American people agree
with they want to legalize marijuana all
we want to do is take that and give the
people what they want and create a free
and open marketplace where the party of
freedom that they're the party that's
against freedom call your Republican
politician and ask them why they hate
freedom if the Democrats ran on that
issue they'd crush if the Democrats all
ran on Medicare for all they'd crush if
the Democrats all ran on this tax bill
is a massive giveaway to the rich it
adds over a trillion dollars to the
deficit eighty three percent of the
benefits go to the top one percent it
raises taxes on everybody making $75,000
a year or less US Democrats are going to
raise taxes on Wall Street and cut your
taxes if you're a worker if the
Democrats all ran on that they'd win
instead they have no message they have
nothing they have nothing all you get is
Trump is bet you know what the new one
is they're the Democrats have been for
four days now they've been apoplectic
because there was a guy who worked in
Trump's administration in his cabinet
who it turns out there was information
that leaked about how he was an abuser
he did domestic violence against his
wife so what happened
Trump fired him now of course with Trump
there's a thousand gross things around
it like oh he defended him publicly and
he said he didn't do it and there's
clear evidence the guy did do it in
yadda yadda yadda but all you hear from
the media and all you hear from
Democrats is that story doctors a
wife-beater in his administration
bad bad people up so you're bad people
you know that you're bad people why are
you focusing on personality-driven drama
soap opera [ __ ] why are you making it
about personalities where they talk
about who the people are and everybody
knows their names and then you turn on
CNN and the banner has the person's name
in it and everything there's a single
mother in Kentucky right now who's
trying to pay the [ __ ] light bill and
put food on it she doesn't give a [ __ ]
about your shitty drama and always try
to think for a second if the story was
there it was flipped and it was
different from the partisan angle how
you'd feel about it if Bernie Sanders
became president and he happened to hire
somebody who was a domestic abuser and
then he he learned about that and went
oh [ __ ] that's [ __ ] up and then he
fired the guy we'd be over it in a
minute and a half all of us would be but
now there's some people the mainstream
media is [ __ ] themselves still four
days into it other media outlets online
are talking about that non-stop this is
this is all a distraction from policy if
all you're gonna do is clutch your
pearls and do the the soap opera drama
you're not going to win elections people
are gonna go why are you so unserious
Trump is an idiot but somehow you're
more unserious than he is at least
Donald Trump every day goes out there
and says something about Papa policy
even though he's a hundred percent wrong
and whatever the [ __ ] he talks jobs jobs
jobs the market something he'll say [ __ ]
like that I'll tweet about out terrible
immigrants are you don't hear anything
from the Democrats about health care
about jobs about the minimum wage you
don't hear anything foreign policy
nothing they're not saying in the wars
if the Democrats ran on a platform of
end the wars and reinvest that money
here at home in a giant infrastructure
bill that would win them an election
they don't have anything to say about
that so if all you're hearing from the
Democrats is oh my god mean people bad
people in the administration and isn't
Russia terrible
Russia Russia Russia well then you're
gonna lose the election or at the very
least you're gonna have mixed results in
an election that could easily be a
landslide for you so this is the problem
this is the problem
the Democrats are defeatists they're
their corporate US also and they have no
fight in them they have no fight in them
they're not I mean seriously
they're asked point-blank are you gonna
run against this super unpopular tax
bill they go no we believe in balance
and compromise literally the worst
argument you can make that's what that
is because we have all the evidence the
Democrats we just had 8 years of Barack
Obama and that Democratic Party you know
what that Democratic party was that
Democratic Party did the exact same
thing that you're arguing for here
balance and compromise and negotiation
and we'll work with Republicans that's
what they were all about and what
happened you lost a thousand seats now
compare that to the Tea Party I disagree
with virtually everything in tea parties
for policy-wise but all they did was
scream at the top of their lungs about
their policy issues and then they want
to know in a landslide so you have to
counter that by running on your issues
in a loud aggressive way but they're not
doing that they're barely discussing any
policy issues at all so it's pathetic
it's gross and listen guys all the the
sideshow stuff about how crazy this
administration is with all the [ __ ]
happening with the different
personalities that's all a distraction
that's all a distraction and a diversion
from focusing on the things that would
win the Democrats in election
