Donald Trump fired his Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson now Rex Tillerson of
course was the CEO of ExxonMobil before
he was picked to be Secretary of State
it was a giant scandal in the first
place in my mind that he was approved in
fact I went I was raging against the
fact that he was approved but what's
interesting is why Donald Trump fired
him so let's listen to Trump tell us in
his own words Rex and I have been
talking about this for a long time we
we've got along actually quite well but
we disagreed on things when you look at
the Iran deal I think it's terrible I
guess he put it was okay
I wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same with Mike Mike Pompeo
we have a very similar thought process I
think it's going to go very well Rex is
a very good man I like Rex a lot I
really appreciate his commitment to the
service and I'll be speaking directly
over a long period of time so there's
this crackpot theory going around that
Trump fired Rex Tillerson because he
criticized Russia the day before that is
100% factually incorrect because he's
replacing Rex Tillerson with Mike Pompeo
who was Trump CIA head now he wants them
to be Secretary of State
but Mike Pompeo is an even bigger Russia
hawk than Rex Tillerson so you don't
replace a guy who criticized Russia over
that issue and then replace him with a
guy who's an even bigger critic of
Russia so honestly that's just the
dumbest [ __ ] you know this is Russia
gate this is the [ __ ] hysteria that
people make up these crazy theories then
they run with it and they're like that's
it we nailed it that's what it is well
if you stop for two seconds to see who
he was replacing him with you would have
realized what no that theory doesn't
make sense because Mike Pompeo routinely
regularly and harshly criticizes Russia
in the most vituperative ways you can
imagine so that's just wrong that theory
now
the real scandal here is that Mike
Pompeo is even worse than Rex Tillerson
and this is what we're finding is that
the people who end up believing the
Trump administration nine times out of
ten whoever they're replaced with is
even worse so I want to remind you guys
about Mike Pompeo so he is Pro torture
that seems like a big deal to me he was
the head of the CIA now they wanted to
be the Secretary of State he is Pro
torture he doesn't hide that fact he's
very upfront about it and I love how now
it's a debatable issue in the United
States as to whether or not we should
keep doing torture thank you for not
prosecuting the bush-era war criminals
President Obama and your administration
it's it's supposed to be a non-issue
it's supposed to be non-negotiable
international law bans torture the
Eighth Amendment of the US Constitution
bans torture because it protects from
cruel and unusual punishment by now
since we didn't prosecute the war
criminals it's hey whatever it is what
it is I mean some people say it's okay
some people say it's not okay in world
we're also going to do this shitty tap
dance where we say it's enhanced
interrogation even though the techniques
were literally taken from a communist
Chinese manual on how to torture so Mike
Pompeo is a soulless [ __ ] who's in
favor of torture he also wants more NSA
spying again here are the things that in
my mind are really scandalous but they
don't get treated as such I can't think
of a more scandalous position we already
have all of your metadata being stored
in a multibillion-dollar NSA facility in
Utah and he goes no that's not enough I
want the government to be able to spy on
you even more and get even more of your
information so you just don't believe in
fourth member protection from
unreasonable search and seizure I've
been talking about Mike Pompeo for about
two minutes and we already have two ways
in which he brazenly disregards the
Constitution it doesn't believe in the
Constitution he doesn't believe in a
protection from unreasonable search and
seizure or protection from cruel unusual
punishment or a right to privacy and now
this guy they want him to be the
Secretary of State
he's also Pro gone
Tana MoBay and says it's really
important right really important have an
extrajudicial prison where you hold
people illegally so now three things in
the Bible inked and named we named three
things that Mike Pompeo despises about
the Constitution he also said that
Edward Snowden should be killed because
that's a great way to treat an American
hero who's showing how the government is
acting in an illegal fashion and
violating the Constitution Edward
Snowden is a textbook whistleblower
Daniel Ellsberg who gave us the Pentagon
Papers which we all agree now was
something we all should have seen how
our government was massacring civilians
in Vietnam now everybody says Ellsberg
is a hero but idiots in Washington still
say that Edward Snowden is a traitor and
he did treason and he should be killed
and now again Secretary of State they
want to give this guy even more power
and of course he wants to end the Iran
deal and this is what Trump says is the
crux of the issue how Rex Tillerson was
like okay look I may not like the Iran
deal but we're gonna keep it in place
because the deals done and it adds a
level of stability Trump's an idiot
who's like no I want to blow it up and
Mike Pompeo is somebody who agrees with
Trump so hey isn't that wonderful we're
replacing ya who probably was already
somewhat hawkish Rex Tillerson with
somebody who's an even bigger neocon war
hawk so that the real scandal is holy
[ __ ] the administration is somehow
getting even worse it was terrible to
begin with and Rex Tillerson should have
been approved to begin with but you're
gonna put Mike Pompeo as Secretary of
State I mean this is and so you might
say well okay Kyle maybe they're equally
bad
Pompeyo and and Rex Tillerson even if
you believe that you know who else is
now being brought into the Trump
administration to be a national security
adviser top national security adviser
John Bolton one of the guys who led the
charge in lying to the American people
to get us into the war in Iraq he lied
to the American people he is
the biggest talk in the country John
Bolton he wants to start a war not only
with Iran but with North Korea at the
same time while we're already bombing 8
different countries right now this guy
has literally never met a war he didn't
like he is a neoconservative
fundamentalist he believes in American
exceptionalism he believes in Americans
supremacism he wants us to be an
imperialist power and doesn't care about
the countless bodies we live we leave in
our wake so now he's being brought into
the administration as well so but it
gets even worse it gets even worse I
know it's already terrible but listen to
this now Gina Haspel was picked as the
new CIA director so some idiots Mick
feminists Mick resistance people go whoa
it's a woman now finally Trump's putting
a woman in a top position isn't that
great this is what happens when you mind
the mindlessly have diversity as a
virtue above all else you get duped by
grotesque head fakes like this see it's
a woman who we brought in there for
everybody shut up and you can't
criticize her right well here's what you
need to know about Gina Haspel Edward
Snowden tells us he or CIA director was
a key part of the torture program and
it's illegal cover-up her name was on
the top-secret order demanding the
destruction of tapes to prevent them
from being seen by Congress incredible
she directly partook in torture directly
directly she ran a CIA black site there
are detailed stories of her overseeing
the torture taking part in it again this
is what happens when you don't prosecute
war criminals now it's a debatable issue
hey fifty-fifty some people are for
torture some people are against torture
as long as it's us doing it if any other
country does it there
they're terrible and there
we need to do regime change ASAP do they
need to do regime change against us
because we did torture should some
country send you know special ops forces
into the White House to take it over and
do regime change cuz we're violating
international law that's what we say
when other countries break international
law should that be done against us now
but now it's not just that hey it's
whatever it's a debatable issue now the
war criminals are being honored and put
in to top government positions yet again
yet again she she took part in the
torture and then destroyed the evidence
after the fact unbelievable now you
might stop here and go okay okay but
this is so bad that clearly we have the
hashtag resistance is gonna stand up on
this one and fight back and not let any
of these people get confirmed right you
see where this one's going writers
Justin Schumer says at this point he is
not calling in Democrats to oppose
Pompeo and Haspel I think I suppose a
not calling on Democrats to oppose
Pompeo and Haspel but wants to hear from
them first what now it's even worse than
that because look at what he says the
instability of this administration in
just about every area weakens America if
he's confirmed we hope that mr. Pompeo
will turn over a new leaf and we'll
start toughening up our policies towards
Russia and Putin paratus exactly what
I've been warning you about all this
[ __ ] time corporate Democrats they
have no answer they they either resist
without resisting no we're not gonna
stop these two we're not gonna
oppose them we'll hear from them first
before we make a decision that's
resisting without resisting and then the
other half the time what do they do
resist
from the right they go oh if Pompeo is
approved he better be more hawkish with
Russia
he better be tough he needs to turn over
a new leaf and start toughening up our
policies towards Russia and Putin that's
gonna be the stance you take we've
already slapped sanctions on them out
the wazoo we have a NATO buildup on
their border right now we have our
military ships are in the Black Sea
right by their border we've had multiple
occurrences where planes were this close
to having a disaster Russian planes and
US planes u.s. flying near their
airspace Russian planes flying near us I
mean we're really flirting with disaster
any resistance party that's supposed to
be the anti-war party that's supposed to
be the Left Party would say what the
[ __ ] are your ships doing in the Black
Sea get him out of there what are you
doing with the NATO buildup on his
border we're gonna accidentally spark a
[ __ ] hot war a conflict here get out
of there what the [ __ ] are we doing
we're supposed to believe in peace and
negotiations and even when we disagree
with people try to find a way to
de-escalate but no now the party that's
supposed to be the left-wing party is
supposed to be the anti-war party's like
you need to be even tougher be even
tougher be more hawkish what are you
doing I mean literally Rachel Maddow did
a segment where she came out against
Donald Trump having talks with with
North Korea now I get it the talks
aren't gonna go well that's a given we
get that but you should still be okay
with the talks because if we don't have
the talks what's left you know what this
neocon Hawk administration is gonna do
and they're getting even more hawkish by
the minute and if they're not gonna talk
with North Korea what's gonna happen is
some sort of a conflict so you have to
stop resisting from the right because it
just shows their you're unscrupulous you
have no morality you have no ethical
code you don't actually believe in
anything you don't actually have
policies that are a desired outcome so
you know when a guy like Jeremy Corbyn
comes along in the UK and Bernie Sanders
comes along in the US and they actually
believe in something and will
fight for something they become
massively popular politicians because
are the only people actually saying
something real everybody else is just
politically posturing I don't know I
guess it makes sense for me to resist
without resisting or resisting from the
right it these corporate Democrats are
the worst you're given a situation where
a neocon Warhawk Pro torture a person
who despises the Constitution Mike
Pompeo they want a secretary of state
you're not even gonna resist that and
you're not gonna resist a war criminal
herself being appointed to lead the CIA
when she did the torture and then
covered up for the torture if you're not
going to resist this what the [ __ ] are
you good for what are you good for
but again I'm yelling at the same people
you know Democrats corporate Democrats
voted to give Donald Trump more NSA
spying power so what are you good for
what are you good for if we vote in the
opposition party you guys and you do
what the Republicans want you to do
anyway why the [ __ ] would people vote
for you if they're if you're not
actually gonna give us another option
we're gonna cover story in a little bit
corporate Democrats just deregulated
Wall Street again it was a dozen
corporate Democrats cross the aisle to
agree with the Republicans on what
[ __ ] planet is being a corrupt
sellout and being Republican light the
desired result on what planet do you
think that's gonna get you reelected
doug jones from alabama won because poor
people and women and people of color all
came out to vote for him the second he
gets an office he stabs them in the back
and speeds up the next economic crash
which is gonna disproportionately affect
those same people that just voted for
him so what the [ __ ] are you doing what
are you doing
you have the republicans and donald
trump that are so far gone that they
celebrate the idea celebrate the idea of
getting torturers and positions of power
war criminals and positions of power
outright authoritarian lunatics and
maniacs in position of power and then
you have the corporate democrats who go
right along with them and say you know
when the war criminals get a
they better be more hawkish against our
enemies I'm telling you I don't think
people really understand how this era in
history is gonna be described in the
history textbooks you know these people
in Washington men in DC they think
everything's all hunky-dory they really
have no idea the resentment and the
anger among regular people and they have
no idea how the rest of the world looks
at the lawlessness of the United States
the lawlessness the authoritarianism the
imperialism everybody looks at us like
this [ __ ] rogue state of crazy people
the United States repeatedly polls as
the biggest threat to world peace versus
every other country when you pull people
all around the world the United States
wins by a mile and a half they don't say
Russia is the biggest threat to world
peace
they don't say North Korea is the
biggest threat to world peace they don't
say Iran's the biggest threat to world
peace
they say the United States is the
biggest threat to world peace because
they actually see what we're doing
objectively
because they're not in the belly of the
beast but here in the belly of the beast
one party says I can't wait to just
nominate all these war criminals it's
gonna be [ __ ] wonderful and the
opposition party goes yeah but those war
criminals better be even more hawkish
