hello Cleveland
ladies gentlemen delegates please put
your hands together for tonight's
keynote speaker the man with the gifted
hands dr. ben Carson
hello hello thank you
thank you everybody thank you for
welcoming me I want to welcome you back
by thanking you for not being
politically correct one thing about me
is I am not politically correct if
you're looking for somebody that is
afraid of stepping on toes then you
found the wrong guy because I have been
known to walk over the toes of others to
walk on the path of righteousness huh
[Applause]
we've had some wonderful speakers this
week in this fine convocation we've had
Dana White a man who came from nothing
less than nothing he came from the city
of Boston and made his money off a
spectacle of naked men fighting each
other we have Peter Thiel who is despite
his sinful lifestyle of also who
preserves his life energy' similar to
the way that the Jehovah bites and the
argue lights did in the book of net sha
thank you Peter for being you and thank
you for letting me be mad you know what
you learn something when you put your
hands onto somebody's brain stem and you
manipulate it to make their legs kick up
in the air and pretend that they're
marching when they're really live down
on the table you learn that inside all
of us is a gift and that our only
limitations of that which we put on
ourselves and that if you can put your
hand on any part of the brain you can
break test the limits and that is what
Donald is doing to America he's reaching
his hand into our brains and wishing us
why so in conclusion I want to thank the
pyramids which were actually spaceships
that transported the aliens that people
now describe as the Egyptians that were
defeated by the Hebrews who were
actually an ancient tribe of young men
wizards something that informs
everything that they and amen day of
seeming machina it turned them red
[Applause]
ben Carson everybody ben Carson these
has the most gifted hands in all of
politics it's episode 26 everybody it's
chapo we're back and we are talking the
Republican National Convention and we've
got a week's worth of speeches of
characters and laughs and loves and
memories to discuss this week and we'll
be doing it with friend of the show
brother podcaster Bryan Quimby of street
fight Bryan what's up all right guys
peace be upon you so glad that you're
you're in our trap home for the first
time and we will be with you next week
in Philadelphia covering the Democratic
convention as well leading up to our
live show and Thursday just a little
preview but what do you say guys should
we start the show let's do it yeah
oh yeah
[Music]
we are back it's Chaco trap house
episode 26 as I said before it's me will
menaker joined as always by Felix
Peterman hey everybody
and Matt Chrisman salutations ladies and
gentlemans
and as I've already mentioned a special
guest Brian Quimby of the street fight
podcast the non host half actually of
the street fight podcast
the color the color man I love that
another commentary I'm sorry well I've
cut you off no yeah we're gonna be doing
some we're gonna do some anarchy in in
Philadelphia this week before we can get
to that before we can make new memories
we have to process the old memories and
that began on Monday of this past week
when Brian you and Matt traveled to the
city of Cleveland the mistake by the
lake for the Republican National
Convention and you went to what I
thought a Monday was probably the
hottest event of the entire convention
the Alex Jones make America first again
don't know what was it called America
first America first with Alex Jones and
and it was originally supposed to be a
way to basically intimidate the
delegates with a show of trump support
if it had looked like Trump was gonna
get backstabbed at the convention but
once it became clear that he had it
pretty much locked down it morphed into
this unity rally and it had like a dozen
sponsors there was Infowars there was
all these different weird groups that
I'd never heard of were Christians for
Trump Millennials for Trump
bikers for Trump made a huge appearance
but so yeah it was basically sort of
this thing that had been attended to be
a show of force it ended up just kind of
being in an end zone celebration for
Trump's Francis nomination you mentioned
bikers for Trump Brian I noticed on your
on your Twitter feed covering the day's
events in Cleveland that the bikers for
Trump were aligned
to shake the hands of the police
officers who are working the event yeah
we actually followed a minute we came in
at the same time as the bikers for Trump
so they're getting off the freeway and
so are we like we were pulling in which
by the way the day before that my
facebook feed was filled with memes of
like the massive amount of bikers that
are showing up right now and in
Cleveland but it wasn't it wasn't azzam
that's photoshopped over and over again
like they clone ten bikers and just made
the line look longer but yeah we came in
with them we actually came in with the
we came in with the Trump meme truck
with the big it's got like a big huge
bumper on the front that says Trump it
was to make sure that nobody blocked the
freeway or anything that was one of the
memes that was showing up before we got
there there's a big cow catcher to clear
all the protesters out of the way you
made a way for Trump it kind of freaked
me out a little bit though like because
we're going to this America first rally
which absolutely just sounds like one of
those British like a racist British
thing cuz that's what they always call
they're like we're usually not as
elegant about the rallies that we have
it's usually like the whites only rally
or something in the United States but
they're but in Britain it's always like
you know this is the British first rally
but it's basically their clan that's
what I thought we were going to see
which I guess we kind of were in a way
but did you see the bikers shaking hands
of the police
yeah they stood across the street the
police were lined up across the street
like they do for any protest sitting on
horses and the first thing the bikers
did when they pulled up first of all a
biker gang called the gunslinger don't
[ __ ] with my gang we're called the grim
reaper laser gunners and so the
gunslingers pull up and the first thing
they do is I guess they're Jax gets off
the bike and they walks over and shakes
each one of the cops hands and a lot
that's the [ __ ] freezing
yeah the hell is that the Hells Angels
are so crazy that they would stake out
police stations and wait for the cops
come out and thank them I just say that
this makes me sick
thinking about just the once proud
tradition of outlaw biker gangs in
America just lining up to shake the
hands of the foot actually what I
imagine is that like the cops like they
come out to line up and then out of
nowhere you just hear and it's a single
point you're clapping and then it just
becomes a cascade of applause as all the
the bikers the outlaws pirates and I
don't know Highwaymen just gathered to
cheer the police purpose of this event
was to disabuse people of the notion
that bikers are cool because one of the
speakers during this a terminal thing it
was all day and started around noon went
to like five or four or five o'clock and
so it's just this collection of complete
weird all random people and some higher
profile folks but the pipe is for
someone out there and he gave this long
boring very low-energy speech about and
it was mostly it wasn't even about Trump
was about how you know people think that
people think that bikers they they sell
drugs and that they do crimes but
actually there's plenty of men and
respectable members of the community who
enjoy to do motorcycling like likes to
ride motorcycles people think people
think that motorcyclists are these
badass outlaws but actually we're
incredibly [ __ ] lame yeah Square as
hell what it's like it's like model
trains for people who aren't spectrum
banana
body strength to hold up a bike
it is sad he kept he kept throwing it
was like he was doing like a job
interview or something or he was
probably making a viral video for the
for the Facebook group tattoo acceptance
in the workplace really boring though
and and he did did the first thing he
said is like there are bikers at the top
of many industries in the United States
one being Jay Leno I don't know what his
politics are really I think one of the
things and I said this on street fight
too is that like I think these these
bikers for Trump or dudes that really
just want to be in like a charity group
like a Toys for Tots type of thing but
that's not cool enough so they have to
call it a gang they have to name it like
the gunslingers like they're a biker
gang that's more focused on like breast
cancer Toys for Tots it's selling minute
okay the next to ask you about from the
from from Monday's rally Matt you
mentioned that there was an amazing
musical guest to sound quite an
inspirational song it was it was a
co-production of Alex Jones and Roger
stone and Roger stone spoke later people
who are maybe perhaps aren't familiar
Roger stone is a longtime Republican rat
[ __ ] and dirty trickster and started
out with the Nixon administration but
he's been in New York State politics for
a long time a lot of people speculate
that Roger stone was the person who
basically set up Eliot Spitzer through
his many many connections in the world
of prostitution swinging and kink
perfect decadent pervert Republican he's
like he's like the upper echelon
he's like the Domino mask Eyes Wide Shut
Republican elite
a tattoo of Richard Nixon on it he does
right on the small in the between his
shoulder blades so he had a street team
there because he was selling his book
about the Clintons and he had a guy
there like this old dude in a great
ponytail who he talked to
he had a shirt that had a Shepard Fairey
thing of Clinton Bill Clinton and it
said rape honest but he was there with
this young woman she was like in her 20s
maybe early 30s I think she was like a
Russian immigrant or something and she
did a song it was like a 90s ask sort of
post-grunge a lot of some Morissette
song and there's this long pause and all
of a sudden she just goes it's like a
[ __ ] course it's like if Lisa Loeb
were racist and you say Benghazi was
about a video when little wayne says it
it's okay the other thing that really
struck me is that there were never more
than maybe 200 people for the event over
the course of the day and at every point
they were at least matched and perhaps
outnumbered by reporters there was you
guys we were there such a blonde
we saw Tim Heidecker and Victor gur saw
Chris Hayes who's a fan of the show by
the way we just outed him he's in
trouble with MSNBC you know david korn
who i wanted to push into the [ __ ]
river and most disgustingly jamie kirkuk
was there sweating in a pinstripe suit
on the [ __ ] hill right in this little
note just a slight digression on on Jake
Kirk
he had an article last week saying it
would be a shame if the military had to
intervene and take over our democracy
because of Donald Trump I wouldn't want
that to happen so when is when Jaime
Couric is on the road and away from his
handlers does he have like a spotter
with him that tosses him fish with his
[ __ ] dolphin teeth
hey is swollen man he was mad swollen
but the thing was set up this is that
they the stage was right next to the
river and then there was a hill that
everyone sat on looking down on it and
then there was a concrete runnings path
and Plaza above it which is where the
vendors were that's also where most of
the reporters were and it felt like a
Victorian surgical operating theater
like like these people were the elephant
men and the lifts are up there like I
want to show you something
globalist right now if you look at this
disgusting globalist freak you'll notice
the only thing untouched by the
globalists or is genitals yeah they were
I mean the first time we really got to
see him get fired up even was like Eric
Andre got on stage oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah I wanted to talk about this this is
the next thing that I saw from there
Eric Andre a comedian who just doesn't
give a [ __ ] really
and I give him a lot of props he [ __ ]
made a lot of waves at the RNC man he
had some great videos coming out this
week but you guys saw him get on stage
with a global global news and Bors
prison planet
[Music]
because he was trying to get on stage he
had a big mic taped to a pole he was
trying to get on stage and I thought
they were gonna [ __ ] kill him
because they kept pacing him back and
they were screaming in his face and at
one point cuz I was up on the hill and
he was down next to the stage I saw him
fall down and like oh they're stomping
him to death but then I went down to see
what's going on he was up at that point
he was trying to get back in with my
wife part of the whole thing was that
the Daily Show's the Pentagon black op
that was pretty impressive I mean that's
another thing I'm one of many things
that those guys have in common with with
the more strident quote-unquote
anti-imperialists is the belief that any
like vaguely left-of-centre media
property is operated by there you know
have not been taking it all in
did you speak to any of the any of the
crowd who was there or in earnest yeah
yeah we have I actually came away from
it with a good amount of sympathy for a
lot of these people because I went to we
talked about it on the show I think in
May in suburban Cincinnati is one of the
wealthier bedroom communities in the
north of Cincinnati and the crowd there
was really a bunch of pretty vile smug
chubby comfortable suburban Knights who
were clearly getting their rocks off
that they got to you know be politically
incorrect but this was you know an
Infowars event in northern Ohio these
are some hard
Grabill folks these people were not
we're not like smug suburban knights
these people had seen some [ __ ] there
was one dude who was very animated in
the front of the thing who really stuck
with me he had on a tie-dyed trunk shirt
black socks pulled up almost to his
knees and no front teeth what to speak
of and that was sort of emblematic from
alike these are people who have had it
tough and listening to them have
conversations and stuff the stuff that
they were talking about they had
obviously some dumb [ __ ] opinions
about black lives matter and stuff like
that but a lot of the things they were
talking about was the industrialization
and trade that was the thing that they
were really kind of fixated on and even
when they talked about illegal
immigration the crowd anyway they were
really talking about it in terms of jobs
so like it really is how you see the the
way the people who have been [ __ ] over
if you speak to them in sort of their
language you can kind of get them on
board with with what is in general a
pretty shitty policy because of the fact
that you at least turn acknowledging the
[ __ ] things that are going on in
their lives and in the world I heard one
woman talking about how Hillary Clinton
is you know above the law and how
there's one set of rules for people at
the top and one on the bottom and I'm
like [ __ ] that she ain't wrong I can't
argue that she's not right about that so
yeah it was it was a more there was more
pathos in this crowd than and among
Trump events I've been to in the past
right and what was your take did you
talk to anyone I did I talked to a bunch
of people I you know what it was really
mostly people that I would have I felt
like it was people I grew up with I grew
up in like a suburb of Columbus Ohio
like how kind of half rural half like
suburban and it was basically that it
was just broke people that didn't have
jobs that are probably been shuffled
into serviced like 15 service jobs in
the last five years and they're just
[ __ ] tired of it you know one lady
lately event she said I think she was
trying to cover for the fact that it was
relatively and on poorly attended she
goes we have so many people here this
week or gonna
be fighting and making their voices
heard they weren't here today because
they actually have jobs because that's
like a classic moves that they always
pull on left-wing demonstrators as yeah
people people are demonstrating because
they have to work and they're like well
you just said [ __ ] you to everybody
who's in this on this event who actually
did show didn't get much of a response
from the audience and another thing
about the the bikers and stuff world is
just a lot of it there were a lot of
veterans too it was like the veteran
bikers that are like I didn't fight for
this country so I could press one for
English it was it was that it was just
that crowd that they didn't seem
dangerous they seemed old they were
bikers that look up to Jay Leno and a
bunch of kind of like he said what I
guess we'd call him Lonnie's like just
people that you know probably spend most
of their time like smoking cigarettes
and [ __ ] drinking cheap beer on their
front porch got a chance to come out and
be not politically correct another
conversation that was happening a lot
around there and Alex Jones even
mentioned Ron Paul's name in the speech
he's like we've tried over and over
again we tried with Ron Donald Trump and
it looks like it's gonna happen and you
could walk around and and every single
person was talking about bankers and I
think that is like that's so emblem at
well first of all it's probably
anti-semitic it's probably missing that
subtext but there was a lot of talk
about the Federal Reserve and gold and
stuff like that I think a lot of people
that were let down by Ron Paul not
winning like I said we were among the
Infowars people so a lot of the issues
that they were most focused on were like
fluoride in the water and 9/11 being an
inside my favorite song from the 1919
60s and 70s by a higher on butterfly
[Music]
was so funny to me because the other big
focus of the event that we haven't
talked about yet is was throwing Hillary
in jail the big showing and they had
shirts that a lot of people had that
they were selling because he's a [ __ ]
you know he's a [ __ ] snake oil
salesman he's selling t-shirts and
vitality potions and stuff like that but
what I thought listen honey I wish I had
been oh yeah you could have cleaned up
which I had been silent no speech they
were so fixated on throwing Hillary in
jail presumably over maybe Benghazi but
the thing they kept talking about was
the emails and I just kept thinking you
people think that George Bush did 9/11
focused on getting the guy who killed
