Yeah right okay let's do it Mary desmos
and Happy New Year
below where you add
[Music]
[Music]
Romeo
[Music]
I don't actually own somewhere so I'm
pouring this into these sake glasses
that I used to steal from the bar you
protect little pandas on them amber -
amber doesn't own stemware she owns
liberal arts for arts where I want this
I want the Snoopy mug please I'm putting
a marker down on that right now okay all
right so in case you don't understand
sound effects that was an actual bottle
of champagne that's $13 champagne being
popped on air we're popping bottles to
celebrate the absolute top boy Jezza
it's the Jessa episode it's the Jessa
victory lap episode guys I don't even
know where to begin with this one
because there's so much to talk about
we're extremely happy yeah the world is
legible I'm chuffed shaft is one of
those English words that means not what
it sounds like right it's good right
yeah it's good it's chuffing season my
fanny is well chuffed at the moment yeah
no I was let me put this into
perspective the moment the eggs had
pulled hit I was stuck in the
brooklyn-queens tunnel on my way to the
airport - the worst things but I was
just like almost crying with joy going
through TSA it looked like the exit
polls were [ __ ] up I then I get on the
plane my sinus infection is making my
[ __ ] ears clogged up and my I feel
like it's about to burst out of my head
but I didn't even care because jazz did
it and I went into the bathroom and
dipped and watch Arnold at the end of
Total Recall yeah yeah I got my ass to
Mars bars on strategy fire Jimmy can we
just [ __ ] glasses together and get that
sound effect as well let's do it up boy
the boy I mean I want to be good
actually Matt the last time you were in
the city we were talking about this like
before the election and we alluded to it
a little bit on our UK pre-election show
that we did with Jonathan Shannon
but I remember talking to you about it
that if this had gone another way it
would have been really [ __ ] hard like
it would have been really hard to like
keep going you know or it to make the
case that we have been making with
regards to electoral politics in Western
democracies yeah it's a proof of concept
mm-hmm what we've been saying since
since Trump as well if you get people
you know a vision of a world where their
lives are [ __ ] better than they are
now and you identify the actual
malefactors that make their life shitty
in the present moment instead of going
off on scapegoats you can actually
engage people regardless of their
circumstances or whatever their tribal
affiliations are and then motivate them
and specifically motivate people who
wouldn't otherwise vote yeah and tap
into that which is like the most fertile
ground in terms of future electoral
prospects and this was really the chance
to see that theory brought out and I was
and it [ __ ] worked
it's [ __ ] work even though the
entirety of the British press they all
said that he was a nightmare
IRA sympathizing [ __ ] it didn't
[ __ ] matter it didn't work at all so
we're able to [ __ ] bring out people
to vote who otherwise would Nev and
bring out young people 72% no because
the media class is so cynical
they literally underestimate people all
the time every time they say you're not
ready for this radical blahblah
but they are it's fine everything ever
they tried everything they tried to
reinforce every third rail Corbin was
touching whether it was his
anti-imperialism whether it was just
unabashedly saying yes we need to
redistribute they tried it all these all
these things that 10 years ago we
believed would end anyone's campaign but
no he [ __ ] did it he persisted that
scared liberals across the Western world
are most afraid of before an election
which is a terror attack because the
PlayBook is always there's a terror
attack it were down
to the right-wing it resounds to the
security state always but instead of
curling into a ball and and trying to be
defensive work deflect Corbin took the
the principle anti-imperialist critique
that he'd been developing for his entire
career in politics and [ __ ] used it
and people were receptive because it
made sense like the litter the guy who
bought the Manchester ariana grande
concert came of a family who were part
of a Islamist militant group that had
been [ __ ] armed by the British
government during the Libyan Vasia and
who had said that was a bad idea to
begin with the [ __ ] boy yeah
connect can I say something about his
his foreign policy speech that he made
his speech about terrorism I have been
waiting since [ __ ] in 2001 for someone
on the center laughter laughter anywhere
even I would have taken it from anywhere
to make that speech but they never did
the best we got in America was Sanders
position you know I'm for the smart Wars
I'm for the good war you know not the
bad ones like Iraq but Corbin who has an
actual holistic view about imperialism
about terrorism and about blowback he
goes out and makes a speech and after
years of being told that people will rip
rip you apart because they've been
reading Jeanne Kilpatrick and it's for
some reason still 1984 September 12 2001
he just didn't care
he's gonna do it right or wrong but this
time most of the people agreed with him
and the other thing that I really loved
that the other major third rail that he
touched it one of those debates is that
he wouldn't commit himself to
preemptively nuking in the country if
they insulted the Queen Mum or whatever
it was just like no he was like no
actually that's [ __ ] insane swing
that Labour got was the highest for any
party since 1945 yeah most of them the
Labour MPs who lost their seats were
anti Corbin guys the Blair rights so I
mean the death of Blair ISM is
accelerating it an awesome rate and on
the media point there's a great anecdote
that came out while things were kicking
off about Rupert Murdoch at what at the
party that was supposed to be
celebrating Mays Mays victory and he
started to see also hosted at the Javits
Center coincidentally and
everyone is throwing up and vomiting and
he you know got got a look at the exit
polls and stormed out apparently and
despite all the the hysteria about fake
News and the internet and stuff like
that the fact is that a very small
percentage of young people in their
country or our country read the print
media that of course in Britain is
overwhelmingly just you know dominated
and infected by right-wing billionaires
like him and so while it's great to see
that korban didn't back down or he
didn't get you know sledge-hammered by
any of it a large reason why that is is
because the young people who voted for
him didn't care or didn't read it and
are not gonna start reading it yeah and
I just like to speak to Amber's point
about how the media class like breeds
this kind of cynicism that they
themselves are so stewed in it is
infectious and like I will certainly cop
to feeling that same kind of cynicism or
trying to never really let myself
believe like preparing myself
psychologically for what I thought that
the bad outcome would be which is that
he would be defeated convincingly and
then be shuffled off the you know I was
just wincing my internally the entire
time like all of that the absolute boy
gonna do it [ __ ] that I would do online
it felt like pre-emptive irony like I
was doing the irony now because I knew
that I wouldn't have the energy or the
will to do it later pressed I look back
at how I felt about it about this
election and I realize this is a mirror
image to how I felt about Trump in that
in my gut I kind of thought Corbin was
gonna do it but I could fix myself he
wasn't in the same way that I kind of in
my gut knew Trump was gonna do it yeah
and convinced myself that I wasn't
because in both cases I could not
conceive of a world that good or that
bad yeah well and you also can't
conceive of everyone whose job it is to
know about this stuff being wrong and
everyone and yet we so much should've
and yet it's it's so pervasive
it's such just a mechanism such an
overwhelming mechanism but even though
these [ __ ] are wrong all the time on
everything all the time fact that they
still have jobs and they're still there
and print every [ __ ] day it just it
conditions you to take them seriously
and now they're eating [ __ ] and one of
them literally ate his own book and
phibian who worked for Obama and then
was tweeted smugly about how Hillary was
gonna roll over Trump in 2016 and then
went to work for Theresa May and her
fascist gargoyles has not tweeted since
the day of the election if the if the US
government really wants to take out
Assad they're gonna send Jim Messina to
work for his campaign yeah he would lose
a bath party election that's a [ __ ]
rotten that [ __ ] is but I wouldn't
leading up to this you know months ago I
was saying like you know I thought he
could do it I was like I'm laying it on
my voyage as you can find what I said
but what I meant was I thought he was
gonna cut their cut the majority he was
gonna cut Theresa Mays lead and the
Conservative Party's lead and he was
gonna surprise people he was gonna do
like maybe six points better than a poll
suggested but he did beyond that hung
parliament he got a hung [ __ ] part
right now the polling agencies that got
it pretty close to the marker saying
that if there were a general actually
points ahead I mean he would win it was
able to cobble together is doomed and of
course that's the ultimate irony of all
this is that she spent the entire
campaign saying that Corbin was in bed
with terrorists yeah now she's literally
formed a government with the political
arm of the Ulster defence Association
that's a bunch of [ __ ] murderers who
literally murdered a guy in a Sainsbury
parking lot last week and then the
leader of the UDA met
when the head of the D you the dup that
later after later on after that I mean
it's like a parity it's like it's like I
mean might my dream of shin Fame coming
in and and and giving jazz a majority
didn't happen but we're sort of getting
a weird like mirror version of that with
this this like shambolic connection
between the DUP and the Tories which by
the way has not been finished yet
the latest thing I heard is that the the
Orange Order is asking that they as a
condition of joining the government the
DUP demand that they bring back the
marching season and all of the band
marches that lead to massive riots every
year that they used to do them I mean
it's really amazing because this is the
return of the repressed with the DUP
because the Tories got back in power in
2010 partly by get it basically jettison
their classical social conservative ISM
and saying we're the new we're the new
conservative party with a hard we don't
care if you're gay or anything like that
we just want you know to privatize the
NHS and we're basically the Democrats
now and now like all of that repressed
social reactionary ISM is now coming
back in them having to stitch together
this coalition with the DUP which is
like the most horrifyingly savage
atavistic core of like white settler
colonial ideology it's like the thing
that animates all of the most base and
horrible reaction throughout the Western
world without any kind of alloy or or or
finish on it I mean it really is it's
like if the people it's like if Eric
Rudolph's unindicted co-conspirators
political party yeah and I only say Eric
Rudolph because Timothy McVeigh was
Catholic yeah Teresa may for me a
coalition government with the supporting
characters from the movie afield in
England
the thing is Matt Teresa may jump the
gun on this one the person who ran
saying she was the one to negotiate the
brexit said it's okay we're going to
start make a government with the DUP and
the DUP said hang on hang on we didn't
agree to that yet but
I only joined the government with the
Conservatives on the condition but they
maintained the plan on the hunting of
foxes and repeal of the ban on the
hunting of Catholics explain to the
children or the DUP are they were
created by Ian Paisley the maniac
Presbyterian minister who once tried to
fistfight the Pope at the European
Parliament act out by MEP member Otto
von Habsburg when he tried to do it and
they are the most reactionary the most
far-right parts of the Ulster Unionist
movement and they are deeply connected
to the UDF or the UDA which is the main
umbrella sort of a legacy terrorist
group they're very similar to Shin fain
only Sinn féin is good and they really
do think of themselves it's like part of
a settler colonial Legion of Doom I've
seen pictures of the inside of of UDA
meeting houses where they've got flags
on the wall and they'll they'll have the
Red Hand of Ulster and the Union Shack
of course but also the Confederate flag
maybe the Israeli flag and the flags of
apartheid South Africa and Rhodesia yeah
one point I want to make on that is
actually Angela told a funny story that
I think is indicative for like Americans
to try to understand like what the
difference is between Irish Republicans
and the the Ulster people in Northern
Ireland she said she had American
leftist friends who went to Ireland for
the first time and had a kind of
skeptical attitude about Irish
republicanism and they're like well this
is just really nationalism yeah
nationalism of another stripe and then
they went to Northern Ireland and
walking through the Republic I returned
a burr hoods they have these murals that
feature Nelson Mandela Martin Luther
King and like children holding hands
with like we will win like victory for
like the workers of the world and stuff
then you literally cross the street and
in the ocean your own baby yeah yeah you
see murals dedicated to robert e lee
a grim reaper stabbing a union jack into
a dead body with like we will kill you
exactly one of the most famous murals on
the Shankill Road I actually saw it it's
a it's a guy in a ski mask pointing a a
K at you they say it's like the Mona
Lisa in that as you move the barrel of
the gun follows you but the one point I
want to make about this is Adolf Hitler
meeting Vegeta the yuta Ford unionist
rule the one point I want to make about
about the DUP though is what's what's so
grimly hilarious about this Matt is that
as you alluded to the Tories were
running as the rebranded were the nice
conservatives now we're not anti-gay but
the fact that they actually are
basically gonna restart the troubles to
form the shambhala government yeah makes
so hilarious the fact that a [ __ ]
traitor like Jim Messina could go work
for these [ __ ] and another absolute
fraud JK Rowling and all of her
ridiculous base encouraging people on
election day to vote for the Lib Dems
100% trying to throw the election to the
Tories against what was a good proper
and right candidate in Jeremy Corbyn
because what's so exciting about this
moment because before the election the
residual Blair rights in the Labour
Party were not trying to win and they
were just trying to sweat Jeremy Corbyn
so that one day he would be gone and
there would be another Miliband would
show up and put another make another
obelisk that says we're gonna kick out
the pakis I just want to read now here
the last couple tweets from Jim Messina
who is now extremely not online so
Paul's came in okay what he did here is
a he's quote tweeting a picture of a
Labour Party plane circling over a
polling place and like dragging a banner
in the sky and Jim Messina likes quotes
this and says tale of two campaigns
Tory's going targeted digital other side
flying banners guess what [ __ ]
where's your cane and now [ __ ] is neo
he saw all your zeros and ones and
kicked Theresa Mays head off and then
here's the date oh here's the really
last here's a really good one the very
last tweet he did from four days ago he
just says from London watching this
strong democratic election as my
country's politics slides off the rail
hashtag general election twenty seen
2017 hashtag Comey because he was doing
the people forget this this is the other
[ __ ] great thing about this election
it happened on the same day is that
[ __ ] [ __ ] Comey testimony that I
had to endure hearing about like for
cars and booming out of people's
speakers all day long they were so
riveted by that absolute all the stories
horrible yeah the stories of young
people in Brooklyn assembling at bars to
watch this in random warehouses people
tweeting about their [ __ ] Comey watch
parties flavor it for God's sakes the
absolute boy versus the absolute poor I
mean like yeah so in one hand you have
the perfect representation of American
liberalism you know some six eight
[ __ ] low mocks who spent last 40
years
framing [ __ ] Muslims for attempting
to kill Inspector Gadget Akon the
right-wing overseas you have an actual
campaign you have an actual manifesto I
think the crucial part that we're
forgetting about this is Labour's
manifesto that was when the gap started
up closing is after they released a
manifesto it's it's it's not just okay
so you know there's the thing that we
talked about on the Fisher episode where
he said that you know the left is kind
of stagnant and all it can do is try and
fight fight for what it has and it's of
course losing grounds the manifesto is
[ __ ] advancing the demands hmm you
know what they want listen to this gray
wolves
he wants to renal eyes the tray
oh by the way search from Jeremy Corbyn
on Twitter and trains
if [ __ ] accidentally slapping at it
wasn't enough so he is so one of us but
but it's I mean okay I remember like
during the election people were like
well if you go to Hillary Clinton's
website you click on you know on the
issues there was a great explanation of
policy and it's like yeah but did you
make a big splash about putting that
policy out there about did you do it did
you do a big press conference and a big
media media drop about how I don't know
Hillary's plan to like [ __ ] make uber
for drone construction or something no
no you ran on like I'm voting for this
baby she's my abuela a few Corbin wat
ran by the way a Corbin ran on we're
going to give you your future back yep
and that was more powerful than any
[ __ ] any [ __ ] Katy Perry now with
the same haircut from the stands there
was no one really was that crazy I mean
some people were but a lot of people
weren't that crazy about him and he
wasn't exactly a juggernaut of charisma
but then you you give people a manifesto
that says here's what we're gonna do for
you and suddenly they're like oh I can
vote for that guy Jess had a message
that would make you want to fight for it
he said before the election
you are lions we are the many they are
the few and it's like where do I sign up
to join the special yeah we were we were
