all right uh well oh my god Secretary
Clinton Secretary Clinton he's coming to
the room and I'm gonna give my mic to
Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton what
you have to say after Tuesday's offense
I may not be David Carradine but I
[ __ ] joke
I may not be Johnny Knoxville when I
[ __ ] on live TV I said I may not be Dale
Earnhardt when I smash into the [ __ ]
wall because I couldn't turn left
[Music]
[Music]
it's us guys we're back hello darkness
my old friends we've come to talk to you
again you know what it is
chocolate trap house joined by Virgil
Texas hi everyone and we're here to talk
about the life and career of Leonard
Cohen one of the greatest songwriters of
our time and now he's gone and we all
feel bad about it
Leonard Leonard Cohen taught me that
like you see somebody you should put on
a safety pin on your lapel and he taught
me it's okay to have an open marriage no
this is uh this is the first time that
we are talking to each other or even
looking at ourselves since Tuesday
night's election like we're not looking
at each other if members of your hair
profile of the big cast that's why no
we're in the same room and I think you
know before we go any further I just i
from my own you know
psychic balm just to exercise these
ghosts I just need to say right off the
bat we were wrong we blew it as if you
were at the live show or listens to the
audio of the live show you know you saw
a show in party it was great but it
turned out more like the New Year's Eve
scene in Boogie Nights and we're all now
in 1980 you know and more than anything
I just got to say Bill Mitchell is now
all of our dads we're recording this
madhouse I needed one he's needed gives
us an allowance now Bill Mitchell was
right we were wrong on like you know we
had to change the ending of the show
because honestly none of us could
conceive of Trump actually winning the
election Donald Trump and his advisers
couldn't even conceive of him winning
the intelligence community couldn't
conceive it the markets couldn't
conceive of it bookies couldn't conceive
of it we were all under the same
incantation
we we probably should have seen the
writing on the wall in a few spaces I
mean I remember before we put together a
map I saw this thing in Florida from
Alcee Hastings a US rep who said the
Clinton campaign hadn't even tried to
reach out to the black community he was
saying this before voting day like three
days before voting date I was like wow
this is a really bad sign and but of
course like all the liberal liberal
media people were like we registered 18
million new voters in Florida yeah it
was like they were built Mitchell
they were the yeah well we saw you know
I mean looking at it analytically we saw
you know there was like 90% black
turnout in North Carolina in terms of
early voting and the assumption that we
made was like oh she can kind of sweat
that we know it's not really gonna be
2012 numbers and Latinos kind of pick up
the pick up the pace there what we
didn't really realize was exactly how
bad her ground game was and we kind of
presumed that we would have heard in the
last couple weeks some kind of some kind
of a subjective you know warning sign it
would have been like anonymous like door
Walker and Wisconsin's like this is
going a [ __ ] and what it turned out was
her ground game was localized in just
these big cities where people were not
that enthusiastic about her how many
campaign offices in Pennsylvania I don't
even want to think about how many but
all of them all of them in Philadelphia
or Pittsburgh none in these rural areas
at all you know and and if you listen
back to the the shows throughout this
entire election like this is something
that I personally have waffled back and
forth on whether I thought Trump could
really be President but in the end at
the end of the day my rational mind like
in collaboration with you know the same
[ __ ] stupid media and the polls and
all the right sources and sensible
people you know conspired with my
rational minds you'd be like you know
what like at the end of the day like I
couldn't conceive of President Trump as
anything other than a joke until it
wasn't a joke and we were like right on
stage when it happened and I feel like I
read from HP Lovecraft on stage and I
like said the words that like opened up
the membrane into the dark universe and
that's where we're living now we all
live in this I feel like one of Nayer
latha type schemes yeah he's got an
entire life that has a sense of humor
about it I was just gonna say I'm proud
of all the boys for holding together on
stage even as we ate [ __ ] on our planet
I had diarrhea yeah yeah just feeling so
so like I gotta go my I like my bladder
was you know I had to piss I'm like
frequent pisser but I've a diarrhea boy
yeah he's good virtual is diarrhea boy
I'd known from working with him he will
always be a diary boy it's what I like
about him I promise you that for these
next four years I will still have IBS
yeah so here's the message to you people
the standard president Trump Virgil will
have twice the amount of diarrhea the
Sun will rise in the morning and I will
go into the subway and be really sweaty
and worried that it breaks down I'm
proud of the boys though that like we
held together against her diarrhea
against their entire plan [ __ ] up and
that just shows how powerful being
spectrum is yeah because like you don't
you actually everything nothing actually
emotionally affects you except for what
people are like oh I think diesel and
steam are the same thing you're like you
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
I cannot believe what has happened to
her country but people kept coming up to
me after the show and saying like hey
you guys did great considering the
circumstances and I'm like ah what
happened perfect when you read our lines
a little little insider info and the on
the chapo election night DVD extras you
will see the alternate universe of our
ending where Virgil declared it looks
like Hillary's gonna win and Felix is
Jack the Ripper character goes into the
bathroom and shoots himself I was really
going to kill myself Hillary wins so
like you know hey silver lining you know
not because I don't want to want me to
be president but because it's part of
the show like you had to be contiguous
with the source material and I had to
die so yeah um like I said we're we're
all living in the zone right now
Bill Mitchell is our dad and and the
fact that this this illusion was so
widely shared does not make the sting
any less acute at least for me I mean we
talked on the show so much about how
Hillary had no appeal to basically any
voter group yeah right and how her
entire campaign was organized around
appealing to these like rich enclaves of
moderate Republican suburbanite shout
out Chuck Schumer on Akers Virginia and
[ __ ] and how if she was totally ignoring
the rest of the country but for me I
just felt like there was there was going
to be such a thing as a negative
mobilization that people were gonna be
so disgusted by the idea of this Joker
being president that they would vote
against him and I think we found out
that's not how it works
people needs now to vote for they're not
gonna vote again and you know what what
I what I what I've been thinking about
is like like I said this tug-of-war
between like my rational the rational
brain and like the kind of media
super-ego and like this kind of like
Bill Mitchell the gut instinct and I the
moment I think back to was our first
night in Philadelphia covering the DNC
when we were watching that Horror Show
on television and we were sitting there
in Nick's house and that was the first
time like we're in my gut I thought holy
[ __ ] they're gonna lose this election
yeah and then like but little by little
I was able to sort of build a levee
against that you know like I said not
unreasonably so considering but like at
the same time was a kind of a bulwark
against like that's like the you know
the psychic trauma of considering Trump
being president or them losing it and
what made me feel that that first night
watching the DNC is I was thinking like
okay if I'm watching this if I'm
watching this right now and I'm a voter
in any of those states that Hillary lost
in the Upper Midwest or Pennsylvania or
Florida
regardless of you know race gender etc
etc if my life has been more precarious
since 2008 and I'm worried about the
future what am I seeing here tonight
and what what you saw was Donald Trump
as a mean rotten person and Hillary
Clinton deserves to be President by you
know just by virtue of her existence
that's it you also saw their fight song
yeah yeah yeah I bet I remember
yesterday it occurred to me that I
looked through my tweets and I found
that in February I realized that is when
I first had an inkling that this was
could go wrong and I tweeted and it was
when she had launched America is already
great yes to make America great again
and I tweeted you know America is
already great and a voter just thinking
I'm gonna go with this guy he may be a
screaming works lunatic but he
acknowledges there's a [ __ ] problem
yeah and and like I just yeah I like
everybody I just convinced myself that
polls meant things that that campaign
infrastructures mean things and that
more importantly than anything I think
that we all or at least a critical mass
of Americans had an innate resistance to
the idea that we should destroy all
barriers between entertainment and
politics like that's why we I thought
that and I think most people thought
that Trump lost the debates is because
he just seemed like a reality TV clown
and she seemed like a real politician
and I think we all assumed that people
still wanted a real politician but I
think that's gone I think I think we
were like basically the last people to
realize that for the most people who
watch 80 hours of television a week and
who process everything through what they
see on TV that that that barrier is
non-existent and probably hasn't existed
for years know that the barrier is
non-existent and a corollary to you know
Donald Trump our game show host
president I have a hundred percent
notice on the other side among among
liberals now who all throughout the
election and then now dealing with the
trauma of facing up to the reality of it
are once again we're treating into
fantasy and entertainment and pop
culture you know I mean like all the
harry potter [ __ ] you know like it's
just like it's the same sort of retreat
into kind of and this
Staal juh and away from the grim
realities of the world that enabled
Donald Trump and it's a hundred percent
true for liberals and Democrats as well
yeah it's like it's not one side I mean
a lot of people who voted for Trump are
like hey I saw him on TV he seemed like
a good businessman he really you know he
sure told meatloaf what was what but
just is the same thing you had liberals
create these fantasy worlds where yes
they're they're [ __ ] Dumbledore or
whatever I mean it's like you think the
people you think you think do you think
the adults who like view the world in
popular culture exclusively through
entertainment design for children do you
think they're having a hard time
understanding went that a bad guy won
yeah well it's something I said - Felix
maybe a week before they're not actually
a few days before the election we were
doing the predictions and I said you
know narrative Lee yeah the only thing
that makes sense here is him winning
that's the only correct conclusion for
the past you know 16 months of this
campaign you know uh didn't we kind of
presume that she would win almost kind
of based on another medium for children
uh Aaron Sorkin West Wing fantasy yeah
that Americans would all come to their
senses and say we support the the
principled politician the one who's who
reached out to Henry Kissinger but
really no we're not but really most
people and say instead of going look
don't let good be they don't let perfect
be the enemy of good and listen you son
of a [ __ ] Donald Trump and Mike Pence
if it's illegal to love a man well I
love a man called the truth and I suck
his [ __ ] dick and it comes in my face
you bastard son of the [ __ ] ignoramus
my god Mike Pence what else will you
electrocute will you electrocute the
trade deficit there is so many / there's
so many perfect fuck-ups of this thing
that mirrored the insanities of Clinton
world you had their obsession with
mythical moderates these people know my
god eight freaks they
love their mythical moderates whether
they are you know performing female
genital mutilation or locking women in
cages in Syria these moderate rebels or
if they're you know country club
Republicans that they were vying for who
in the end told them to go [ __ ] a girl
thing fake mom we talked about that
Chuck Schumer line it's a stunning
example of malpractice it's it's insane
and he's going to be the Senate Minority
Leader Matt what did he quote it he said
and this is very close to a direct quote
for every blue-collar vote we lose in
Pennsylvania we pick up to moderate
Republican women in the Philly suburbs
and she got seven percent of Republican
voters which means that she absolutely
did not get those [ __ ] moderate
Republican women she just lost the
blue-collar voters and a [ __ ] story
yeah I did like Chuck Schumer like I
like he should be put to death
focused on all these [ __ ] lips are
like oh the rising tide of fascism oh
now I know what it's like to live in 30s
Germany he lost by it's looking like
maybe two million votes he got a where
he did worse than McCain or Romney he
did not do well in terms of raw vote
Tory yeah this is this is the most
important in this election she lost it
through bad strategy bad messaging being
a bad candidate it was not won by Donald
Trump that needs to be [ __ ]
emphasized exactly he was like he wasn't
swept to power on some like huge
outpouring of like white supremacy or
you know peppe's all coming out to vote
I feel like to quote to paraphrase the
great herm Edwards
the Republican voter is who we thought
they were it's the same people who voted
for Romney it's the same people who
voted for McCain nobody voted for
Clinton or not enough people did as we
said earlier she thought that she was
entitled to that Obama coalition just by
virtue of her existence or being a woman
or whatever but offered them nothing and
did no one but they didn't come out for
her in the same numbers
that they did for Obama that won him all
those states twice vo and that's it
that's it you know like and it's the
thing there's the thing like there
weren't enough of them to win in any any
election where you give a [ __ ]
opposition and Matt and Matt you you've
you spoken about this too and I think
it's also important like there's a lot
of talk now about oh do we need to like
reach out to Donald Trump supporters or
whatever it's like no [ __ ] that we need
to reach out to the people who don't
vote who didn't vote way bigger pool of
people it's a way bigger pool of people
and it's a way more persuadable there
were some people who voted for for Trump
who had voted for Obama twice and an
appeal guess what an appeal to the
people who were unengaged
and didn't show up this time it'll pick
them up by accident you don't have to
direct anything specifically to them but
I just think like we need to be yeah
like just be on the lookout now for like
everybody who in there like
post-election analysis or post-mortem or
whatever he's trying to play it off like
this was inevitable or there was nothing
that could have been done or that like
America is just so irredeemably racist
that as soon as they heard that dog
whistle it was just all over because
like I'm sorry like that [ __ ] is as
ignorant as like the most like baying
[ __ ] who voted for Trump yeah it's not
true [ __ ] giant sack of pudding it's
not true turn it's not true and like the
people who are saying it are covering
their own ass and they're they're
basically trying to protect their
careers and they're just basically own
psyche from the like the damage of
facing up to what hey as was the story
in the primaries and like now it is the
full story of the election this campaign
laid naked the total irrelevance of
every single member of this media class
of this journalists class who spent the
past several months
clapping each other on the back at how
smart they were at making these appeals
like you saw on Saturday Night Live in
that intro that people the last one
before the election that people [ __ ]
said they cried at where Alec Baldwin
and what's-her-name broke character yes
yeah and then Kate McKinnon and Kate
McKinnon says at the end you know I
can't tell you who to vote
or but um think about the country you
want to live in and it's like [ __ ] you
like it like anyone like anyone who
doesn't have an Amazon wishlist would
heed those words I mean it's because it
boils down to aesthetics because these
people's lives are comfortable no matter
what so it boils down to their aesthetic
horror at the idea of Trump being
president which will not get somebody
off the couch who's living in the
[ __ ] [ __ ] in the Midwest who's
all of these an oxycontin addicted kid
or whatever all of this their material
conditions are not being appealed to all
of these in sense of like sense of these
abstract notions that have nothing to do
with their lives because they have real
[ __ ] problems unlike every [ __ ]
in [ __ ] Hollywood who's wringing
their hands about what right scenes
about America sleight Hollywood
digression another added benefit of the
election is that Stephen Baldwin is now
the most alpha Baldwin brother he will
be carving the Thanksgiving turkey
yeah Alec Alec and will it Billy are his
sons now well just like we are Bill
Mitchell sits does Alec gonna keep
playing [ __ ] trump that's awful doing
this awful now yeah give it to Anthony
yeah yeah so but but so like we you
remember all these endorsements for
Hillary Clinton and then like some
historic endorsements and people like oh
my god Variety endorsed New York
endorsed her and just all of this bad
clapping and like all of it all of it
was ultimately just just horrific aliy
meaningless and Matt you know congruous
with what you just said people voted
against a political a media class and
all of the people covering their asses
right now do not cannot reckon with how
much they are loathed they're just like
they're just like Hillary they thought
we have the right qualifications we look
at things the right way we experience
the world in the right way
well you it has to be totally discounted
to not value our input and it turns out
no people hate you because you are
backbiting calculating cowardly [ __ ]
weirdos who have no idea what the rest
of the world is like and it [ __ ]
showed you know what if you guys really
thought you had any effect on this [ __ ]
