but to change topics Josh you were
talking about you know giving people
something to vote for and giving people
at least some hope of a better future
which ties in nicely to a project that
you've been working on throughout much
of this year that I've been following
and I'm glad we finally have a chance to
get you on here could you just like just
kick it off for us
what is measure B going on in Los
Angeles and why are why are you devoting
so much time to this yeah measure B is a
very simple amendment to the Los Angeles
Charter that would make it possible to
create a public bank that's it
that's all it does it doesn't put any
money towards anything it just simply
removes one regulatory hurdle allowing
for the ability for Los Angeles to be
the first city in the history of America
to vote to take our public money out of
the Wall Street Hell labyrinth how does
this currently work like the city of Los
Angeles is the second largest city in
America and is basically manages around
nine billion dollars in revenue that's
connected through taxation like how do
they like how does that how is that
money currently managed and how would a
public bank change that yes so a lot of
people don't like think about this but a
city right when they take your tax
dollars they need to start a bank
account and just like you and your bank
account they get [ __ ] like constantly
brutally over and over and over by those
even fees yet to the tune of a hundred
million dollars a year in fees alone
that's just fees and then when you bring
in interest which if you have any
experience with a loan or a credit card
you know how you get [ __ ] by interest
the city of Los Angeles owes over three
billion dollars a year in interest and
pays over a billion dollars and it just
puts the other couple billion on a
little ledger sheet so we're [ __ ] in
the future this measure B is on the
ballot this is a measure that people in
Los Angeles are gonna vote on on the
sixth right yes all right so let's say
it passes on on
six setting up this public bank like
what would that actually entail and how
does a public bank work differently from
like let's say Wells Fargo Bank of
America or Chase right so a bank right
by virtue of being a bank is able to
loan out ten times its capital base and
loan out ninety percent of its deposits
that's a very shitty flaw in banking and
that's what directly led to the 2008
financial crisis because 90% of the
deposits were gambled on these risky
loans and then a the loans couldn't get
paid back in the banks went under so a
public bank would be able to loan out
this money to not risky things like you
know infrastructure improvements and
[ __ ] like that like right now beyond the
risky loans are tax dollars like if you
go buy a [ __ ] ice cream in Los
Angeles your sales tax goes to finance
pipelines to finance private prisons
including the very cages that separate
undocumented children from their
families we're talking guns tobacco just
like the worst [ __ ] like if you could
imagine a horrible thing odds are that's
where it goes and a public bank would
place transparency and accountability
into this process so that the people of
Los Angeles would effectively become the
shareholders and thereby be able to
prioritize where this money is invested
and be able to restrict investment from
these horrible extractive policies so
like when you say you when you pay sales
tax like you are also funding you know
child prisons or guns or things like
that that's just by virtue of what every
commercial bank is already invested in
yeah literally like just you know they
say there's no ethical consumption under
capitalism and that is very literal in
this case another issue to deal with
this public banking thing in California
is what is the weed connections all this
myth
well so actually it's funny that's sort
of how it started right the that's how
the public banking movement gained
traction at least when it comes to
elected officials on the the activists
and organizers side it grew from the
divestment movement out of Standing Rock
by you know the a big THC man has a lot
of ICI money and so they saw public
banking as the solution to the current
crisis of just [ __ ] not being able to
deposit all this cash because a public
bank would not be FDIC insured and
therefore it would not have to go
through any sort of federal regulations
meaning you know Jeff Sessions wouldn't
be able to just steal it and use it to
make a rocket to shoot into a
historically black college so like the
the the cannabis issue is something that
we think can that public banking can
offer a solution but honestly the
cannabis people have enough money they
have enough lobbyists that is going to
be solved and at this point right now
we're not really focusing on cannabis
we're focusing more on Community
Development lame sounds boring I want to
be able to my bank branch and
immediately chief this is [ __ ]
yeah Josh I like a public bank I don't
want to toast her if I'm gonna public
bank in LA I want that Wow I don't want
that strong ass pack I want a free
eighth when I open a checking account
absolutely Bank done and you make you
ask for it I'm making it happen when I
say that I like you know like when I
open a checking account with the public
bank like what any citizen of Los
Angeles be able to go into the LA public
bank and keep their you know just
deposit money into a checking or a
savings account with that bank so at
first no because that is an incredibly
costly service right to provide checking
in
like savings for just a commercial
reasons we do believe that it should get
to that point and we're modeling it off
of the very successful German spar casa
which as I mentioned before fund 70% of
their renewables it's also the bank of
first resort for Germany and has been
since you know hundreds of years I think
over a hundred years so the answer is
eventually yeah yes you will be able to
at first we think that we're gonna you
know this is a very like complicated and
serious issue and so we don't want to
bite off more than we can chew but right
now there's six hundred thousand people
in Los Angeles mostly people of color
that are unbanked and they're getting
preyed on by payday lenders and so you
know eventually yes within a couple
years we hope we will be able to do this
I mean and this is this is part of like
you know like that it would be like an
important test case for Los Angeles
second-largest city in America but this
is part of like a broader thing about
creating a banking as a public
institution rather than essentially a
privatized casino like like that that's
what we're talking about like banking as
a kind of something that everyone needs
whether it's a you know municipality or
an individual but it like needs to be
run as a kind of shared public
institution in which there is as you
said kind of democratic transparency and
control over how that money is lent and
what it's used for versus JPMorgan Chase
Bank of America Wells Fargo that you
know let's be honest are almost entirely
criminal and fraudulent organizations
yeah exactly
you know there's um you can't [ __ ]
call Lloyd Blank fine or Jamie Dimon you
know and be like yo hey can you make
sure to not spend my tax dollars on
imprisoning children engages thanks dog
like that doesn't happen there's no way
and and the government has proven time
and time again our federal government
that they're not gonna regulate these
people and so why are we giving these
translucent millionaire
these blood sucking frauds all of this
power the power to decide where billions
of dollars are invested why are we
allowing them to [ __ ] Hoover billions
from each and every city and so a
municipal public banking works because
it bypasses are broken federal
legislature legislative branch and it
allows cities and communities to assert
their own power so Josh like as you as
you make the case for measure B and like
the idea of a public bank in Los Angeles
like seems like a self-evidently good
thing to me but obviously like you know
you guys are gonna get a lot of pushback
on this and I guess I'm interested in
like what are some of the arguments
against public banking where do they
come from
and and what are the sort of the lines
that they take when they try to convince
people to vote no on B so the biggest
one we've seen so far and this is a
pretty typical conservative talking
point which is oh yeah you're gonna
really trust these clowns and City
Council to run the bank and the answer
is no this is a new institution that is
going to have demographic representation
and we're going to have worker controls
be put in we're going to like you know
have the the people the workers of the
bank themselves have a say we're going
to appoint experts in affordable housing
in you know homelessness activism and
renewable energy and green energy
activism to the board to make sure that
there is Community Development and also
even if you take that argument at face
value right like oh you're gonna really
trust the the government um yeah yes I
trust them more than I trust the guys
currently running the bank's well I
don't know what are you talking about
seeds out
you don't trust Wells Fargo who just
like to open accounts in your name
without your knowledge to charge you a
bunch of [ __ ] fees that you don't
know about until you they've already
accumulated you know you know you don't
trust those I trust those guys sorry
buddy
no Josh Oh funny that those commercials
were there apologizing they're so good
we'll do better and they show like
slow-motion footage of like you know the
old-timey like horse and buggy like
Wells Fargo covered wagons and I just
want to like tell whoever's making those
commercials like hey maybe showing a
terrified animal with blinders on being
whipped by a rich old white guy it
doesn't exactly say we're not gonna
force our employees to break the law
anymore Josh I saw one of those
commercials the other week and it was
like you know again it was like a period
piece commercial and they were like last
time there was a run on the banks
Wells Fargo let all our customers Oh
reopen their accounts based on a
handshake of their word loan like and
we're continuing that tradition today
sorry about that other stuff folks but
we're going back to what started us here
it yeah we you know we got to go back a
hundred years to the show the one good
thing we've ever done I sure would
appreciate if y'all took a gander at our
paste bin but Josh I remember I was a I
was listening to a radio hit that you
shared with it was sort of like a debate
with one of the one of the one of the
measure be like one of the experts or
people who are advocating for this
public bank and then someone who is
essentially like a representing a
representative of like I don't know the
Orange County Better Business consumer
Bureau or whatever some some [ __ ]
goal and yeah like the the main line of
attack on the idea of a public bank that
this guy came out with was you know yeah
like you said do you really you think LA
City government is gonna run a bank okay
better than do they know more about
banking than bankers and I'm just like
well he was like he said name one thing
that the LA city government is good at
and it was like what and you're like why
would you expect them to be good at
banking but what that doesn't address is
I bankers aren't [ __ ] good at banking
they've raised world economy with this
[ __ ] what are they good at doing
other than like you said ripping people
off making their employees commit fraud
in the names of their customers and like
I said generally just sucking all of the
life and vitality out of the
and species and planet this is not a
piggy bank for City Council or the mayor
you know this is like an institution
first and foremost that's going to have
a very strict charter that is going to
be its main like point of governance
right like the the Charter is something
that we believe is going to be voted on
by the people like this isn't the only
vote right like there's going to be
other referendums and other ballot
measures and that charter is going to
very strictly restrict investments in
things we don't want and prioritize
investments in the things we do want so
that the actual humans that are running
this Bank won't be able to be corrupt
and when you look at the only existing
bank in the continental United States
public bank in the existing contents of
United States it's the Bank of North
Dakota of all places and that Bank has
weathered the 2008 crisis it has a
better credit rating than JPMorgan Chase
and it has never had like a huge
corruption scandal even coming close to
what Wells Fargo's come to in its 100
years of existence that's my favorite
thing is the same thing goes for [ __ ]
like Medicare for all these guys their
main argument is you are [ __ ] [ __ ]
to think this thing that other places do
successfully for [ __ ] decades or
centuries is possible here it's just
like right basically are preying on
people's absolute ignorance of anything
outside of their personal purview
because it's this Islam these are not
like fantasy ideas they exist
successfully everywhere in the world
Josh I just looked this up this is from
the hill from five days ago a public
bank is risky business by Rob Nichols
opinion contributor who he says it also
says who would oversee this new Bank the
proposed public bank would not have the
FDIC insurance that consumers expect
meaning that their deposits would be
protected not by the trusted FDIC but by
state or local politicians without
professional regulators overseeing the
bank would it be swayed by the
politically connected to make
excessively risky loans think about
writing that if you
the head of the American Banking
Association the banking sector is not
well regulated no blue giant hole in the
world economy let's be honest they're
probably gonna do it ignores half next
couple years yes if you're years for 500
all those risky mortgages that's that's
all coming back now yeah risky I mean
again I know this was only ten years ago
but after they just literally shot a
load over the entire world economy the
US taxpayer made them whole yep made
them whole again and then no homeowner
was built I don't know you know like all
the people who were ruined by the
finality of the actual the people who
use commercial banks or get loans from
them they weren't helped out but all of
the giant big big too-big-to-fail the
banks were made whole again specifically
with taxpayer money because they are
politically connected look who isn't
look every single person who has been
charged of the US Treasury Department
comes out of either Goldman Sachs or
another one of these huge [ __ ]
financial institutions dracula's yeah
they are thick as thieves and you want
to talk about political influence over
our banking system follow adhere
Geithner basically defy ignored an order
from Barack Obama to actually like start
thinking about breaking up the banks he
just did what like Madison those guys do
when Trump says that they need to send
SEAL Team six to kill the Hamburglar he
said yeah we're not doing that and then
he's just he just slow rolled him and
basically glad handed him until like he
got distracted by other things because
that was the priority of the [ __ ]
banking industry they were given
everything they asked for without a
single string attached and even that
wasn't enough for them and these people
I mean they can't even countenance the
thought of competition from the form of
a municipal public bank in Los Angeles
yeah it's it's horseshit and and here's
the other thing right like um North
Dakota has the healthiest community
banking system in the country because
guess what happens when there's a public
bank local community banks are able to
share risk with the public bank thereby
allowing for student loan debt
refinancing which would improve
drastically improve
the lives of you know millions of
Californians and angelitos we would be
able to help risk share so that we could
put a deathblow to you know payday
lenders and there are two hundred
percent interest loans like all this
[ __ ] could go away which actually helps
bankers in the community that are the
only people it hurts is these Wall
Street plutocrats but like if we expand
the idea of a public bank out to a
national level and conceived as
something like a u.s. national public
bank that you mentioned that every
citizen would be a shareholder in what
are those actually revolutionary
implications of that idea what it does
is it places power in the form of money
right in the hands of people and um I
personally and we at Public Bank LA are
advocating for municipal public banks
because we believe that when you get
closer to the street level you have more
of a say it's easier to influence what's
happening at the city level or community
level county level than it is at the
state or federal level and and the
implications of having this I mean this
is almost like you know direct democracy
ultimately we're just cutting out the
Wall Street middleman and passing the
savings on to you you know like this
would allow for the massive massive
climate infrastructure spending that we
need if our country is going to exist if
our world is going to exist in 40 years
you know and we're again we're doing all
this without raising taxes and you know
I mean just like again broader it
brought more broadly speaking here I
think like so much of this idea that
like oh like oh what the banks do is
just so complicated and you really need
experts who are you know have been
banking families for three or four
generations to you know really run the
economy depends on this idea that this
this mystification of the economy that
the economy is just money
people who have more money you know
necessarily should run the economy and
like the economy isn't money the economy
is everyone in our society there is no
economy without the people in a country
and their time and activity and the time
and labor that's what the economy is and
there would be none of it without all of
us so I think we all deserve some kind
of share and say in that money that we
generate for to keep this whole [ __ ]
thing going also slightly way we're
gonna get anywhere close to the sort of
workers and citizen control of the
actual mechanisms of production that is
necessary to as you say survive as a
species because if we just allow the the
[ __ ] logic of capitalism to continue
dictating these choices it's just gonna
burn us to death literally like we have
to take control of these reins and
things like public banking are really
sort of the grassroots expression of
that and a chance for people to really
get it through their head that they have
the ability to do this stuff that it
isn't some sort of a cult mystical a
path that only the adept only somebody
