hi everyone so here we are for the first
QA for 2018 there's five hundred and
fourteen questions lined up I don't
think I'm gonna get to all of them so
it's been a busy time since the last
time I did a QA some of you probably
know about the wind lindsay shepherd
affair at Wilfrid Laurier University
where a teaching assistant was brought
in front of a tribunal because she had
the temerity to play a video where I was
discussing Bill c16 on a public
television show that's been quite the
national and international scandal I
would say and so I made a bit of a video
about that today which I haven't
launched yet it contains a message to
junior high and high school students I'm
recommending to them that they well I
guess you'll have to watch the video I
didn't mean to make it a cliffhanger
like that but then as soon as I said
that I thought better of it and thought
maybe I'll just wait but anyways let's
take a look here Steve a has the first
question how can we know the difference
between unhealthy repression and healthy
self restraint of sexuality well I would
say you know part of what constitutes
ethics let's say first of all let's
start let's think about ethics to begin
with so what's the point of conducting
your life ethically the answer that
isn't so that you follow the proper
rules precisely the the answer to that
is so that you balance your life so that
it says productive and meaningful as it
can possibly be and that would be
productive and meaningful for you with
any luck but also for people around you
that would even be better and and for
you now and next week and into the
future so it's sort of a variation of
the philosopher Immanuel Kant's moral
dictum which was act such that your
action becomes a moral universal
something like that although I think
that it's it's better phrased across
time and across people like that so when
you're thinking about an ethic that has
to do with any fundamental motivation
like sexual
you have to think about it in the
context of the rest of your life
the question is whether or not but what
did I say what what did I read at one
point that I really liked with regards
to sexuality who's in control that's the
issue is it you or is it the sexuality
that's in control is have you integrated
your sexual life into the rest of your
life so that the whole thing makes a
harmonious balance and are you in charge
or is it in charge so to speak because
if you're not in charge with that
harmonious balance then things are going
to waver wildly out of control and
you're going to find yourself in
dreadful trouble that happens whenever
any given drive or me really any given
value predominates to the exclusion of
all else now it seems to me that
sexuality is best handled within the
confines of a relationship that's the
classic ethical solution to the problem
it's because sexuality brings with it a
tremendous amount of responsibility now
people don't like to think that
especially people who I would say are
low in conscientiousness let's say or
high and impulsivity it's easy for
people to believe in what would you call
it casual sex which is not something
that I think exists because I don't
think you can divorce sex from its
sociological or political or economic or
psychological consequences and I would
say the endless scandals that have
plagued the United States in particular
in the last year with regards to sexual
behavior are proof positive that there's
no such thing as casual sex I think the
reason for that is that the consequences
of sex are too dramatic it's not just
pregnancy and disease let's say which
are both as dramatic as consequences can
be in life but also the fact that
there's no disentangling sexual behavior
from emotional behavior or maybe you
could say even worse if you try to
disentangle your sexual behavior from
your emotional behavior then I think
what happens is that you end up
cynical I mean if you're let's say if
you're a serial if you're us if you have
a lot of one-night stands and a lot of
casual partners then first of all
there's not much discrimination between
one partner and the other and so in some
sense you're in a loop and and just
repeating the same act over and over but
you can't there's nothing deep about it
there's nothing that that enables you to
establish a relationship with another
person and I think that that's a I think
that you corrupt your soul in that way
and that you hurt yourself across time
and of course you're going to hurt other
people as well so I'm not a big admirer
of the casual sex idea I think it's a
demented adolescents fantasy
fundamentally it just doesn't work out
in the real world now
healthy self restraint well with regards
to sexuality it's the same with
everything else is that there's there's
the necessity to forego immediate
gratification for the purpose of medium
to long term thriving let's say so if
your sexuality is integrated in an ethic
that encompasses the rest of your life
and if it serves that ethic then I would
say it's properly restrained if it's
unhealthily repressed well then you're
angry and bitter and resentful and
cursing the opposite sex or perhaps the
same sex if you happen to be gay for
failing to recognize your particular
form of sexual what would you call
attractiveness
I think resentment and anger are a good
indication that there's something wrong
with the manner in which your sexuality
is restrained so I hope hopefully that's
a decent answer
Trevor MOOC says why are dragons in
Western culture bringers of death and
destruction that must be slayed well in
the East they're portents of good
fortune to be revered well I
that's a great question by the way the
dragon the dragon I already defined the
dragon at some point partly from a book
I read a while back on dragons as a tree
cat snake bird the idea in the book was
that the dragon was a imagistic
representation of the class of all
predators which means also might be why
dragons also breathe fire because
fire was undoubtedly a common
destructive agent in our evolutionary
past but the dragon is the most
primordial symbol of that which lurks
beyond which is known in fact it's even
more primordial than that because it
even is that which lurks beyond what is
unknown in some sense remember Don
Rumsfeld unknowns unknown unknowns well
that's basically the dragon there's some
unknowns that pop up that you can master
right away and you could kind of think
of those as known unknowns but unknown
unknowns are those things that pop up
that you don't know how you didn't even
you had no idea whatsoever that they
even existed anyways what's the
character of an unknown unknown well
part of its terrifying because it can it
can it can do you in right but part of
its also positive and and because it
anything that's truly unknown brings it
with it a tremendous amount of new
possibility that's why dragon's hoard
gold or why they also hoard princesses
or guard princesses hoard I would say is
the right word so I don't think the
dragon in the West is a fully negative
symbol because the dragon has gold
associated with it or virgins and the
reason for that is that the hero who
confronts the dragon gets the virgin and
that hasn't changed that's that's a
story as old as time and and I don't
think it'll ever change as long as there
are human beings now why the Chinese put
stress on the positive side and the West
put stress on the negative side is
difficult to say I might say because the
Chinese got organized so early I have a
sneaking suspicion that it was easier
for them to see a little bit of chaos as
something positive something necessary
and positive as a counterbalance to the
tremendous organizational weight of
their state that's the best best answer
that I've been able to formulate so so
anyways the dragon is a very complex and
ambivalent symbol it it combines
everything into one symbol positive and
negative and then you can stress the
positive or you can stress the negative
you could also say to some degree that
whether a dragon is positive or negative
depends to some degree on the manner in
which you approach it because the
psychological reality is that Dragons
approached voluntarily well small are
most likely to be positive and that's a
really good thing to know in your life
it's a good reason it's a good rule of
thumb to help you stop avoiding things
that you shouldn't avoid so that they
don't grow and magnify beyond your
capacity to deal with them you often
mention disciplining children so they
behave what is your advice for making
them behave without resorting to
corporal punishment well first of all it
depends on what you mean by corporal
punishment
timeout could be regarded as corporal
punishment it also depends very much on
the age of the child let's say a two
year old well in my new book by the way
I have a chapter in there called don't
let your children do anything that makes
you dislike them and the reason that I
wrote a chapter about that is because
people who let their children do things
that make them dislike them end up
disliking them and because there's a
huge power differential generally
speaking between adults and children if
you end up disliking your children
because they're not behaving well
they're behaving disgracefully say or
their or they're challenging your
position in the Authority hierarchy to
regularly something you won't put up
with by the way even if you think you
will it's necessary to get your
disciplinary routine straight so the
first thing I would say is figure out
what the rules are there shouldn't be
too many for two-year-olds basically
they have to know what no means and they
also have to learn as they approach 3
not to kick hit bite or steal
essentially now it's easy to train a
two-year-old but no means you can
actually start with a child that's only
13 months old a child that can cry let's
say that or that can crawl let's say
that you have a child is starting to
crawl and wants to explore the house so
the first thing you do if you have any
sense is try to get rid of most things
that the child could cause a tremendous
amount of trouble with to to the things
or to the chair
so that it's reasonably safe and then
the child is gonna want to want to crawl
around and get into everything and so
but maybe there are things you don't
want him or her to get into like maybe
there's a Oh what would we say maybe
there's a tablecloth and on top of the
tablecloth there's a plant or maybe
there's some plants on the floor and
when the child is crawling and goes off
to do something that he or she shouldn't
you can just grab his leg and you know
gently but firmly and say no and the
child will keep trying to move forward
because they're stubborn little
blighters and you can continue to say no
and if you persist with saying no then
the child will eventually give up and
sort of go limp now now and often the
child will cry when you do that and of
course that might make you feel guilty
but what that means is that you've
effectively brought the behavior to a
halt and if you do that ten times you
got to watch your child and don't stop
them from exploring things that they
need to explore and you want to use this
sort of thing with judiciously you can
grab them by the leg and say no and no
no and wait until they give up usually
they'll cry and then you can let them go
and then soon after you do that about 10
times soon then if you just say no with
the same tone of voice the child will
generally what happens the child will
immediately cry and then stop and then
after about ten repeats of no without
having the leg grabbed then no will just
produce stopping of the behavior and
that's unbelievably useful because as
soon as you're you train your child to
understand what no means then they
really have free rein of the house in
some sense with relative minimal
supervision from you first of all they
can learn what things they're not
supposed to get into and it's amazing
how fast children can learn that and how
fast they can generalize to the class of
things that they shouldn't get into like
you don't have to teach them every
single thing they can generalize very
rapidly that's not much different than
thinking but also once they are capable
of understanding what no means you have
an extremely potent means of helping
them regulate
their behavior with a minimum of
intervention so that's unbelievably
useful so now let's say you have a
two-year-old who's pretty contentious
and two-year-olds are pretty contentious
some of them in particular because about
5% of two-year-olds most of them are
male are quite aggressive by temperament
and those are the ones that if you put
with other two-year-olds will frequently
kick hit bite or steal not all kids are
like that but some are and most of them
get socialized out of that by the time
they're about four now let's say you
have and at two they also start to
experiment with saying no back and also
with misbehaving although they can do
that even younger than that so if you
have a two-year-old who's particularly
rambunctious and who decides he isn't
going to listen to you we use he in this
example because it's boys that are more
likely to misbehave and not not listen
you can you can pick them up and you
know by the arms now you got to get your
attitude right because you don't want to
be stupid you don't want to let your kid
make you mad especially when they're
really little because you're really big
and you can hurt them and so you got it
you got to have us a clue that's why you
want to get the rules of discipline and
order the minimum rules of discipline
and why you want to have a strategy but
let's say your two-year-old is insisting
upon doing something that you don't want
them to do like inserting a fork into an
electrical outlet and you just can't
have that and so you can say no
hopefully you've already done the no
training that I recommended and and if
that doesn't work what I recommend doing
is picking the child up by the arms and
then putting them on the steps say look
you sit there until you're ready to
listen now or usually the child will sit
there and then the rule has to be
something like you can get up as soon as
you're ready to be a civilized human
being again and you can refer to
yourself your own attitude during a
process like that because if the child
does comply and sits on the steps and
then comes and says I'm ready to be good
and you like him again you've got to be
honest about this then you can tell that
he's honest in his decision to rejoin
the civilized world now sometimes if you
put a two-year-old that's particularly
rambunctious on the staircase that as
soon as you let go of their arms they'll
run off and that can be a game or it can
just be an act of defiance and in that
case then you go
get him and he put him back on the steps
and you do that several times if
necessary and if that that becomes a
game then you sit on the step and you
hold him by the arms remember no anger
cuz he's just - for God's sake you know
you don't have to be angry just put him
on the steps and hold him say look I'm
not letting you go until you sit there
and behave and so if you hold him for a
while he'll squirm and look away and so
forth but you can get his attention if
you're a little bit stubborn you hold
him there and say you're gonna sit there
till I decide that you can leave and so
you hold them and he'll squirm and but
you can outweigh them if you're patient
but you got to make the time and then
eventually he'll stop squirming and you
can let him go and then you can sit
there and watch him and when you think
he's you know decided that he's going to
be a civilized creature then you can say
that's good and you can give him a pat
on the head and you can say let's go
back and do what we're doing and the
rule has to be you see that the
punishment not only has to bring the
behavior to halt in the most merciful
manner possible but that's still
effective but it also has to satisfy
your need for order and justice so that
you don't carry resentment and
irritation about the child's misbehavior
forward with you because you don't want
to kid yourself about what sort of nice
person you are you're not nearly as nice
a person as you think and no one likes
to be brought down the authority
hierarchy by a recalcitrant two-year-old
so in almost all circumstances those
processes will suffice
there's other disciplinary strategies
that you can use too that are more
positive I mean one of the things that
you can do for example if you're let's
say you want to get your child to go to
bed which is a really good idea you
should set a stable bedtime for your
child and I would say if they're under 4
it should be around 8 or 7 or something
like that because you want to have a
life and you want to have a life with
your wife so that you don't end up
hating your child and so one of the
things you can do if you want to train
your child to go to bed at 8:00 so maybe
he's not going to bed until 10:00 right
now and you want to fix that so you say
okay go to the grocery store or a little
convenience store buy ten little gifts
and it can be cheap kids don't care
they're not very bright you know you can
fool them so by 10:00
things that you think your kid would
like and wrap them up and then put them
up on the shelf where he can see them
but can't get out them then you say look
kid I'm gonna put you to bed at 9:30
tonight and if you don't get out of bed
then I'm going to give you one of these
I'm gonna give you one of these gifts in
the morning so or if the or you can do
it another way too if the child is
always giving you a rough time about
getting ready for bed and going to bed
you can say look if you're if you put on
your pajamas without fussing and you
climb into bed then they'll give you one
of these little gifts and so then if
that works then the child can have a
little gift and he's in bed at 9:30 and
then you can make it 9:00 and then you
can make it 8:30 and then you can make
it 8:00 and those are called that's
called successive approximation right
you hit the target you specify the
target that you want the child to
achieve and then use small rewards not
too often in order to attain that goal
and those are unbelievably effective
strategies and they can actually be
pretty fun but I would say the advice to
not let your child do anything that
makes you dislike them is really really
useful you want to talk this over with
your partner too so that you have your
disciplinary strategies and your rules
talked out so that you don't work across
purposes to one another so okay so
that's probably good enough for that can
we take the biblical Andrew Wells asks
can we take the biblical story seriously
enough with us without also keeping
biblical traditions what's the
psychological impact of group gathering
church-going I think we could take the
biblical stories seriously enough but I
don't think that it's particularly easy
