hello everyone
so the first question that came up oh
there's something I want to say first
first thank you for tuning in to this
Q&A it's always much appreciated it's a
pleasure to do these and they seem to be
quite popular it's been a while since I
did one but I've been on the road a lot
and away from my computer and so that's
the reason or the excuse take your pick
hopefully it's a reason I wanted to let
you know to those of you who don't know
I have worked on two programs online
that are hypothetically helpful to
people one is self authoring calm and
that helps you write about your past and
your present and your future to catch
you up that's the past authoring program
to identify your faults and virtues
that's the present authoring program and
to make a vision and a counter vision
for your future and to make an
implementable plan there writing
exercises I produced a 20% discount for
all you QA people today so if you use
the discount code August at self
authoring com then you can purchase the
full set of programs for 20% off and you
have a to vie we have a two-for-one
offer so you can share that with a
friend as well so and then understand
myself tom is a personality test site
that enables you to get a big 5 read out
of your personality with each of the big
five traits extraversion neuroticism
agreeableness conscientiousness and
openness broken down into their two
aspects so you can get a pretty
comprehensive view of your personality
and that code is also August and that's
in the description of the video in case
you forget so if you're inclined you can
use those codes and you can try out
those programs we know the future
authoring program for example if
University students do it especially the
ones that are struggling it produces
quite a market increase in their
propensity to stay at university and to
get better grades so the program seemed
very very effective so if you're trying
to straighten out your life then I would
recommend the self authoring program and
if you're trying to understand yourself
better or someone that you know then you
could try understand myself calm
so that's that the other announcement I
suppose is that I've done the two are
now about sixty five cities with Tammy
somebody asked how she manages this
she's exceptionally good at traveling
and very low in neuroticism thank God
for that because it's been a stressful
time with lots of opportunity obviously
and she likes to travel and so she's
very good at helping me manage this
we're gonna hit about 40 more cities 40
or 50 more cities between now and the
end of April next year which is when I'm
going to bring all this touring to a
close in September and early October
we're doing 20 cities on the eastern
seaboard of the United States and then
in October near the end of October about
15 cities in the UK and northern Europe
and then in February Australia and New
Zealand and then in April March and
April then the rest of Europe that's the
plan anyways and perhaps there'll be
some side trips during those times to
other places and so you can find out
about that at Jordan B Peterson com
forward slash events you're more than
welcome to come to the talks they've
been very good events in my estimation
I've really enjoyed them I can tell you
I enjoy doing those talks and I find
them a lot less stressful than talking
to journalists the crowds are there the
individuals in the crowds are there to
come and listen to a serious discussion
about how life might be improved and
they're very very positive events so
I've been very happy to do them the Sam
Harris videos I did for talks with Sam
Harris those are in preparation we hope
we'll have them out in August
everybody's trying to come to an
agreement about how they should be
released it's rather complicated affair
given how many people are involved but I
think we're close to figuring that out
there'll be ten hours of taped talks for
or sessions two and a half hours each I
think the talks were very very
productive we'll see the audience's seem
to react positively to them and they
were very well attended we had 8,500
people in Dublin so and about 6500 in
London so those were very large crowds
so that's very cool
mmm 12 rules for life has sold about 2
million copies now and for those of you
who are mathematically geek inclined
that's 57 miles of bookshelf if the
books are stacked you know as you would
put books on a bookshelf so that's a lot
of books and maps of meaning I released
the audio version of that June 12 2008
een and it didn't it hit the New York
Times bestseller list for audiobooks in
July and August
so that was rather comical given that 12
rules for life was never put on the New
York Times bestseller list so I thought
that was an ironic little touch of fate
and I'm quite pleased to see how the
audiobook is doing if you like 12 rules
for life and you're looking for
something that delves more deeply into
the same themes then you could try maps
of meaning and I think the audiobook
which I read is more accessible than the
written book people seem to be
responding to it that way so I'm pretty
happy about all the positive things that
are happening so okay how am i that's
the first question how am i well pretty
good actually my health seems to have
stabilized substantially I'm feeling
pretty sharp
I have periods of some negative mood
although they're short and sweet so to
speak but I'm seemed to be sharp
cognitively and I can concentrate for
long periods of time and get lots done
I've been able to do quite a bit of
writing in the last couple of months
partly blog posts partly also I had the
privilege of being asked to write the
introduction to the 50th anniversary
version single volume abridged version
of Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago and
I finished that about a week and a half
ago that took me about two months to
write about 3,500 words if I remember
correctly it was a daunting task to
write an introduction to a book as
tremendously influential and and
important and
and also of exceedingly high literary
quality so it was a daunting task to
write that introduction and I really
wanted to get it right and I hope I did
I spoke by email with Solzhenitsyn's
family and they seemed pleased with it
and so did the editor and I've had a
couple of editors including Greg Hurwitz
my novelist friend from LA who's an
absolutely vicious editor and extremely
good at it so they were happy with the
final cut so to speak so was I so I seem
to be sharp enough to do the work that's
necessary to do I've been working hard
on the online university I've got three
people hired they're all very smart
young guys and we're about a year ahead
of where I thought we'd be at this point
we hope to have a minimally Viable
Product sometime in the late fall I'm
funding that entirely at the moment
courtesy primarily of my patreon support
so thank you to all my patreon
supporters for that hopefully your
monies being put to good use
we'll probably crowdfund in November see
if we can set up enough capital for the
next three or four years I could raise
money privately there's lots of people
are interested in investing but I think
that I'm gonna try crowdfunding because
well because I'd like this to be a
public enterprise from the beginning
Danah have lots of people involved and
we're thinking of all sorts of ways of
getting people involved how am i other
than that
well nonplussed and still feeling rather
surreal about my life I would say my
family's in good shape my daughter who
is very ill is doing extremely well
so that's miraculous as far as I'm
concerned my son's getting married in
September that's Julian and I like his
fiancee thank God for that
and so we're looking forward to that I'm
going on a bit of a vacation during
August which is the first time I've had
off for about two years with the
exception of one week last year and I'm
going to a family reunion in Vancouver
Island and then to Saskatchewan to see
my family I'm gonna do two talks in
Saskatchewan while I'm there one in
Saskatoon and one in Regina and I have a
lot of family coming to the one in
Saskatoon so that and then a little
reunion
after that so that should be cool so
that's how I am and I'm thinking hard
about the next book I have a new book
contract about to be finalized I think
in the next week I'm hoping to release
the next book which will be twelve more
rules probably and beyond mere order is
the tentative subtitle I'm hoping that
I'll have it done by spring early early
spring perhaps January of 2020 if not
one year later but I'm going to try hard
to hit it so that I'm done by next
September I'm gonna write non-stop from
May to September and then I plan to do
biblical lectures from September through
December so the plan is to tour from
January through May essentially then to
write for four months then to lecture to
prepare the biblical lectures and so
forth for four months and so that should
be next year so that's an update
hopefully that's all useful information
I'm very pleased about all the support
it's quite remarkable all this interest
in these complicated matters and
complicated discussions and it's so nice
to see people concentrating on
psychological and philosophical issues
and leaving the idiot
politics as far behind as possible
because it's certainly uh what would you
call it a distraction and a dangerous
one at that so it's so funny talking to
the mainstream media types because
everything they talk about has to be
viewed through a political lens and
although I continue to insist I did BBC
hard talk which was aired today and that
was a classic example of an interviewer
being entirely scripted and trying to
push everything that's happening around
me I suppose
into a political narrative and it isn't
political as far as I'm concerned not
everything is political despite the
insistence of people who feel that the
personal is always political it's like
no there's philosophical domain a
theological domain and a psychological
domain those should be kept the hell
Shepard from politics all right what can
a two agreeable young woman do to be
more disagreeable and assertive if that
isn't how she is temper mentally
inclined oh that's a good question and I
would say first of all that's a very
common question that people who go into
psychotherapy ask I think the most
common problem that psychotherapists
deal with apart from anxiety and
depression is probably assertiveness
training so the first thing I would say
is you really need to figure out what
you want and I would recommend doing the
self authoring program the future
authoring program in particular because
if you want to stand up for yourself you
have to have your goals and your vision
well laid out and well defined and then
you have to have a strategy that that is
matched to those goals so that you can
so that you know what you want so that
you know when you're not getting it
otherwise you're left with a vague sense
of dissatisfaction and resentment and
that's very very difficult thing to
articulate and if you can't articulate
it then you can't negotiate if you know
what you want and you know why then you
can make a case for yourself
okay so let's assume now that you've
laid out a vision and a counter vision
which the future authoring program also
helps you do so you know what kind of
hell you want to avoid that you might
drift into if you were to agreeable for
the rest of your life that would be a
hell that consisted mostly of people
taking advantage of you all the time and
you feeling resentful and bitter about
it not something I would recommend see I
think that women are agreeable because
it helps them deal with infants but it's
not a great temperamental strategy for
dealing with complex organizations in in
the adult world so I think it's a price
that women pay for also being adapted to
have plenty of patience for very young
children and then you have to overcome
that to some degree to put yourself
forward properly in more complex
hierarchies of accomplishment so I would
say once you have your vision
established your vision for the future
and your counter vision so you're afraid
of what will happen if you don't stand
up for yourself then
need to consult your resentment fit
because if you're resentful about
something as far as I can tell there's
generally only two reasons one is you
should grow the hell up and quit whining
so you got to find out first if you're
just feeling sorry for yourself and you
can think that through make a pro and
con case and you can talk to somebody
that you care about about that I'm not
assuming that that's the reason but
that's one potential reason if you're
not merely feeling sorry for yourself
then you probably have something to say
and something that you need and you need
to figure out what that is and then you
have to develop a strategy to to put
that forward I've seen lots of people in
my personal life and in my private
practice not get what they want because
well a they don't specify it and B they
don't ask for it and if you're
negotiating save for a raise or for a
promotion and so forth you have to put
yourself forward you need to tell your
the person you're working for why you
should be treated with more
consideration or respect or have more
resources devoted to you or more
authority
what's shifted to you and you have to
make a case for that a compelling case
so that they have a reason to attend to
you and that's not good they're not
going to notice because most managerial
types are so overloaded with work that
they never notice when anything's going
right
they just notice the things that are
going wrong so you need to make a plan
you have to have a strategy that goes
along with that plan you have to have
articulated arguments for why certain a
certain form of treatment is appropriate
to you and then you have to have the
courage to put that forward and I guess
you have to remember that you owe
yourself as much as you owe other people
you have to take care of yourself like
you take care of other people and and
that's a moral duty and if you practice
that you can do it and a lot of that a
lot of that's also associated with
telling the truth
you know you don't have a better friend
than the truth even though it can be
very harsh in the short term and so if
you're unhappy at work because you're
being taken advantage of then you have
to strategize yourself out of that you
have to learn to negotiate and a lot of
that also means that you have to
overcome your hesitancy to engage in
conflict and you got to think about it
this way negotiation
and conflict are somewhat
indistinguishable and it's easy
moment-to-moment to avoid negotiation
conflict but you pay a terrible price
for it in the medium to long term it's
better to face the conflict forthrightly
in the present and make peace for the
medium to long term and there's there's
courage in that so that's the other
thing I would say is gird up your loins
and and and and allow yourself to act
courageously courageously and truthfully
truth is your best bet if you're too
agreeable so you know you also might
find that you have a pretty good
critical intelligence but that you think
it's mean and so that you keep it hidden
some of the smartest women I knew who
were very very agreeable had
unbelievably good instincts with regards
to figuring out what other people's
motives were but they were ashamed of
their suspicions and really what that
meant was they ended up being ashamed of
their critical intelligence because they
were so agreeable so it may be that the
darker part of you the shadow part of
you knows things that you could know if
you were willing to admit that they were
true and so you have to give some
credence to your to your darker element
I would say
how do you know if you're communicating
with the actual person or a mask I
sometimes wonder if I can ever really
know someone well you can't ever
thoroughly know someone because people
are too complicated you can't even
really know yourself how do you know if
you're communicating with the actual
person or a mask well if you're
communicating with an actual person then
you're actually having a conversation
you know when the conversation
transforms as a consequence of
participating in it and it tends to be
engaging and meaningful if what's
happening is an exchange of ideological
platitudes or just platitudes themselves
for that matter then you're probably
engaging with the mask so if the
conversation is compelling and
meaningful and it transforms as it as it
progresses and and you can see that give
and take that dance like give and take
then you're communicating with an actual
person the other thing I would say is
that when you're communicating with an
actual person rather than a mask the
person that you're communicating with
tends to be quite interesting you know
if people talk about what they know
which means you're really communicating
with them if they talk about their own
personal experience instead of wandering
off into the domain of cliches and
ideological platitudes then people tend
to be extraordinarily interesting and so
that's another good tactic and a good
hint that you're that you're where you
should be when you're conversing one of
the rules I had when I was seeing
clients actively was that if the
conversation I was having wasn't
interesting and if my attention started
to wander then we weren't discussing
issues that were sufficiently vital
because if we were discussing vital
issues then the conversation basically
flew by and so I think that's a good
that's a good marker
what new wisdom have you acquired in the
past few months that you want to share
with us well I've got one I think I
thought thought up a bunch of new things
but this one I'm really happy with I
figured out why you know some of you
know that there's a mythological trope
that I discussed fairly frequently about
rescuing your father from the belly of
the Dragon or the belly of the beast
it's a motif that you see when you see
it in the Lion King you see it when
Simba is being initiated by the baboon
I don't remember fitnah feekiee I think
his name is
after nella humiliates him because he's
still a pathetic adolescent he follows
the baboon I think it's a mandrill
actually down underground essentially
through a long tunnel there's a lot of
kind of scary music in the background
and he ends up contemplating himself in
a dark pool and then his father appears
in the sky and so that's one example of
the reconstruction of the mythology of
encountering your father in the abyss
you look into the abyss and you see your
father and then in the Pinocchio story
Pinocchio of course when he's trying to
