hello
so you've lined up a very large number
of questions today so a couple of things
first of all I have a number of YouTube
videos and podcasts lined up one with
Steven Pinker author of enlightenment
now one with Warren Farrell who wrote a
very interesting book called the boy
crisis and also a previous book called
white men earn more one with an animator
named Nina Paley one with a young guy
named Charlie Kirk who has organized a
large number of campus youth groups more
on the conservative end of things and
associated with free will so all those
will be coming out in the next month and
a half I would say and so thank you for
your continued support it makes all of
this possible and I'm also going on tour
I presume some of you know that if you
go to Jordan B Peterson calm and you
look up events you can see where it's
about 40 cities listed so far most of
them are in the US and a couple in
Europe Iceland the UK but we're
announcing we're going to announce ten
Canadian cities here in the next week as
well so that's all what's going to be
happening with me in the next two months
so I'll be on the road with my wife that
whole time sometimes in a plane you know
just commercial travel sometimes in a
Motorhome depending on where we're going
and how so I'm looking forward to seeing
you if you come out to the events I've
been enjoying them quite a bit it's good
to be able to talk to so many people so
twelve rules for life has sold about a
million copies now so that's really
quite something and I think we've sold
foreign rights in 43 countries so it'll
come out in not quite that many
languages but just about over the next
year and
something like that so all right so you
let's get at it here hopefully I could
warm up and get my brain going and and
answer some questions the first one 343
people have voted this one up could you
please discuss freewill and sam Harris's
and others ideas of its non-existence
well that's a good complicated question
to kick things off so I want to tell you
a little bit about how to conceptualize
freewill I think first because it's
obvious that we don't have infinite
freewill our our choice our choices are
constrained in all sorts of ways and I
think part of the reason that there's a
continual discussion about freewill in
the philosophical in the philosophical
literature is because just
conceptualizing the issue properly is
extraordinarily difficult so I like to
think about it at least in part the way
that you think about a game you know if
you're playing a game obviously the game
has rules so if it's a chess game or a
basketball game then there are things
that you can do and things that you
can't do and but and so it's a it's a
it's a closed world in some sense but
the fact that there are things you can't
do when you play a game also seem to
open up a universe of possibilities for
things that you can do so chess
obviously constrains you to a board and
to a certain number of men and to a
certain pattern of rules but the strange
thing is is that when you put in those
rules because rules sound like limits
they sound always like things you can't
do but when you set up a constrained
world like that and you lay out a system
of rules what you do is open up an
infinity of a near infinity of
possibilities same with music you know
music has rules obviously and if you
follow the rules then you can make an
infinite variety of music and so and so
there's a there's a very interesting
dynamic that's hard to understand
between constraint and possibility and
there's a deep idea that's associated
with that that I read in some Jewish
commentary on the biblical stories that
I I read a long time ago talking about
the relationship between God and man and
the idea was
God imagine a being with the classical
attributes of God omniscience
omnipotence and omnipresence all-seeing
all-knowing and all-powerful what is a
being like that lack and obviously the
answer is nothing right because by
definition those three traits provide
for absence of limitation but then
that's exactly what's lacking is
limitation and there's some strange
connection between limitation and and I
was saying say limitation that it's rule
governed as I mentioned before and the
opening up of possibility so that isn't
necessarily the case that now determine
determinism and limitation aren't
exactly the same thing but they're
analogous and they need to be discussed
together okay so though so that's the
first thing is that or whatever our free
choice is it isn't limited it's or it's
limited it's it's deeply limited now
here's another thing if I take my arm
and I go like this you see I'll do that
again now you see there's a movement
like that and then my hand stopped just
before my my other hand now it takes a
certain amount of time for the neural
messages to go from my brain to my arm
and back and the time it takes my hand
to go like this and stop is actually
shorter than the time it takes a message
to get to my brain and back so what that
means is that when I when I plan this
movement which is called a ballistic
movement it's called a ballistic
movement because it's like a bullet once
you let it go it's gone there's no
calling it back I've actually organized
the neurological and muscular sequences
that enable that action before it's
implemented I set all that up and then
it's released and the whole thing
cascades and so once the action has been
released let's say then I don't really
have any free will because I can't stop
it now so so you think about that it
looks like there's a temporal gradient
with regards to free will is that as you
look out into the future may perhaps the
farther out you look into the future
the farther down the road let's say the
more free your choices are but the
closer they get to implementation the
more they become
Mystic governed by standard cause of
processes and there's some transition
point where they change from being what
we would describe as choice that we
haven't got to free choice yet but at
least a choice there's some transition
point between that and ballistic
movement here's another way of thinking
about it like we know for example that
people who are expert at playing the
piano look ahead of where they're
playing and and they're doing the same
thing they're watching the notes they're
seeing where they're going but and then
they're disinhibited the automated
structures that enable them to play what
they've practiced so thoroughly they're
disinhibited those structures and then
they go automatically and then what
happens if you make a mistake is that
consciousness notes the error and then
unpacks the motor sequences that have
been practiced and then yuri practice
them and sequence them again until they
become automatic and deterministic so
there's choice in that you're reading
ahead but there's no choice in that once
you've read ahead and disinhibited the
actions then they run ballistically and
then you can think about the same thing
that's happening when you're driving in
a car you don't look right in front of
you when you're driving a car because
whatever is right in front of you if
you're going 40 miles an hour or
whatever you've already run over you
look a quarter of a mile down the road
and that gives you the opportunity to
see what's coming and to set up a
sequence of increasingly automated
movements that culminate in whatever it
is that you're doing while you're
driving and so there's a gradation from
choice to determinism a temporal
gradation and and I don't often see that
addressed when people talk about
freewill now Sam's issue is freewill is
that if you get someone to do something
like lift their finger and you and you
scan their brains using a variety of
techniques while they're doing that what
you'll see is that there's an action
potential that Emer and you ask them to
voluntarily move their finger so they're
doing it let's say by free choice
there's an action potential that you can
read that you can read off the brain
that occurs before the person either
moves their finger or let's say decides
to move their finger and that occurs
quite a bit before the feeling of
volunteer
or that voluntary act and so that's been
read by Benjamin Libet who did the
experiments as indication that even the
feeling of voluntary choice is
determined but I don't think that that's
a very useful way of addressing the
issue because the the issue of when you
lift your finger in up again is it
requires pre-programming to dis inhibit
like you know how to do this right you
don't have to learn to do that so you
have a little automated circuit that
does this sort of thing all these finger
movements and everything you can see
babies practicing them and they develop
automated circuitry that tends to be
posterior left hemisphere in order to
run those those automated processes out
and what you're basically doing when you
decide to do something that's a routine
that you've already practiced or made
out of subroutines that you've already
practiced is disinhibited them and the
the degree to which you might regard
that as free exactly is unclear as are
the temporal limitations so I don't
think that libbets experiments
demonstrate conclusively that there's no
such thing as free will even though
there are action potentials that
indicate that there is brain activity
signaling even the onset of a voluntary
choice voluntary choice early now
another thing that we might look at in
relationship to that is yeah so we can
look at it phenomenologically and we
could also look at it in in in
relationship to how people treat one
another so phenomenologically it seems
clear that we have free choice and it
isn't obvious to me why we have
consciousness if free choice isn't real
because consciousness looks to me like a
mechanism that deals with potential
before it's transformed into actuality
let's say and and I think consciousness
is also they the Faculty so to speak or
a manifestation of the faculty that
enables us to pre-program deterministic
actions so again let's think about
someone playing the piano they're
practicing you know after you repeat and
you repeat your finger movements if
you're playing the piano any complex
motor skill is like that you have to
repeat it and repeat it repeat it and
repeat it and you're using consciousness
to program it to sequence the motor move
limits and to pay attention to them that
all seems voluntary and it involves the
activation of a tremendous amount of
your brain because if you're doing
something new a lot of your brain is
activated and then as you practice it
the amount of brain that's activated
decreases it shifts from right to left
and then it shifts from frontal to
posterior and a smaller and smaller area
so what's happening is that
consciousness is creating little
machines in the back of your head that
do things in an automated manner and the
the the voluntas 'no Sapir and feels
that would be the phenomenological end
as if it's doing that voluntarily and it
is associated with a different pattern
of brain activity and so okay so there's
that there's the phenomenological
reality of voluntary choice and effort
as well because conscious programming of
that sort is also effortful it doesn't
seem to run deterministically like a
clock does and then finally there's also
and I don't know what you think about
this with regards to evidence but what
constitutes evidence is not always that
easy to determine even in the scientific
domain so emeriti think about how we
think about ourselves and other people
and how we treat ourselves and other
people you could imagine that you're
like a clock running down and that's
like a deterministic model but people
aren't clocks were dissipative
structures a clock is something that
runs downhill but human beings you can
look up dissipative structure I think
that was an idea that was first
formulated by the physicist Schrodinger
we were we're not we're not clocks by
any stretch of the imagination and we
take energy in and we disperse energy
and and we were anti-entropic in in a
temporary sense so that makes us and and
so and life is as well shorting a wrote
about that in a book called what is life
and we don't what we seem to do this is
how it looks to me we don't content with
the present and we're not driven by the
past instead what we see in front of us
is a
landscape of possibility and in my
Wilder moments I think that's associated
with the physical idea of multiple
universes but that's in my Wilder
moments it's just a speculation and so
what we see in front of us is a an array
of potential universes and those are the
universes that we could bring about as a
consequence of our actions and it and we
make choices to the right or the left
there's a lot of mythological
speculation about that sort of idea - in
an ethical sense because we decide what
sort of reality that we want to bring
into being and so we encounter potential
like God did at the beginning of time
when he made order out of chaos chaos is
this chaotic potential we confront
chaotic potential with our consciousness
and we cast that into reality and that
now then you think well is that really
the case well that's hard to say because
there are limits to our knowledge about
consciousness and about reality but if
you treat yourself like you're a free
moral agent with choice and that you can
determine the course of your life then
you seem to get along better with
yourself and to be less anxious and to
be more productive and if you treat
other people like that that they're free
agents that are making voluntary choices
about how reality is going to come into
being and you reward them when they do
it properly and you punish them or
otherwise discipline them when they
don't when they do it badly then your
relationships with them seem to work and
then if we predicate our society on the
presupposition that each individual
human being is capable of doing just
that
then we seem to have extremely
functional societies and so and this is
something that sam harris has been taken
to task for many times is if you
dispense with the idea of freewill how
is it you organize your relationship to
yourself your interactions with your
family and your relationships with the
broader social community it's a very
complicated issue so I believe strongly
that we have freewill that were
responsible for our choices those
choices are constrained in many many
ways I think there's a gradient of
freewill from free out into the future
to increasingly constrained as the press
manifests itself to deterministic in the
moment when with in the moment of action
we and that we might think that we
entered the realm of deterministic
causality at the moment of action
something like that that's how it looks
to me so well so at this rate we're
gonna answer about five questions so
that but that was a very very hard one
so anyways I hope that's helpful
Maelstrom who is apparently chaos given
the name asked me am i chaos or am i
order well that's a good question I
would say a lot of the time I'm chaos
but I do everything I can to put things
in order but I'm going to answer that in
the deeper way I would say because first
of all everything and everyone is chaos
and order at the same time and I don't
mean that in a trait sense I mean it in
a technical sense which is order
technically speaking in my way of
viewing the world is order is that
domain you inhabit when what you're
doing produces the results that you want
to have happen that's a pragmatic
perspective from from a philosophical
perspective it's derived at least in
part or is analogous to the pragmatism
of people like CS purse and William
James the the American American
pragmatists and there's a great book on
all that if you're interested called the
metaphysical Club so order is where you
are when what you're doing is producing
the results that you intended and that
validates what you're doing by the way
that's that's a pragmatic form of truth
your theory is accurate when if you
enact it then the results that you
intend emerge that's the definition of
truth from a pragmatic perspective it's
a very powerful definition and it's very
much associated with the Darwinian
notion of truth so that's worth that's
worth looking into now obviously there
are times when you implement a plan and
a world conception that goes along with
that plan and what you wanted didn't
happen and so then the domain of chaos
comes up the domain of the unpredictable
and unexpected and you have to contend
with it and sometimes when you are
acting you do perverse things
and things that that surprise you and
then things don't work out well for you
or or maybe you get a surprise and maybe
sometimes that might even be positive
and that's because the chaos within you
has manifested itself and you've done
something that exceeds the bounds of
your understanding and you know that can
happen to people so badly that they
develop post-traumatic stress
post-traumatic stress disorder sometimes
soldiers especially naive young soldiers
will go on a battlefield and watch
themselves do something they can't
imagine they're capable of doing and
then they have permanent post-traumatic
stress disorder so there's a chaos
within that can manifest itself that can
disrupt whatever order you are and you
know that minor ways because everybody's
always running around doing things that
aren't good for them that they know they
shouldn't do and that they can't control
and so there's a chaotic and an orderly
aspect to everything to the individual
to the family to the social world to the
natural world it's chaos and order at
every level of analysis simultaneously
which is why the Daoists think of the
world is made out of yin and yang which
is essentially analogous to the idea of
order and chaos and now but then there's
another element too so your order and
your chaos and the place that you live
the environment is order and chaos as
well but you're also the process that
mediates between the two and what that
means is you're the force that confronts
chaos and casts it into order we talked
about that in the free will discussion
that's the basis for the dragon myth or
at least part of it the hero myth you're
the force that confronts chaos and
transforms it into habitable order and
there's an idea that if you do that
using truthful speech it's probably the
deepest idea in the Bible if you
confront chaos and the unknown using
truthful speech then the order that you
produce is good so that also means that
your chaos and order and the process
that intermediates between them and
that's really the basis of the hero myth
so part of that is the hero story and
the dragon myth go out confront the
dragon get the gold bring it back share
it with the community and the dragon is
a representation of that which dwells
beyond the confines of the safe and
habitable space right it's an image of a
predator
