[Music]
thank you very much
hahahaha thank you very much for showing
up again that's a really good to see
everybody here so one of the things that
I've been realizing as a consequence of
going through these stories is that the
degree to which they're about
individuals is quite remarkable and I
think that's really telling you know one
of the reasons I prefer Dostoevsky to
Tolstoy is because Tolstoy is more of a
sociologist he's more interested in the
relationship between groups of people
this is an oversimplification because
obviously Tolstoy is a great author but
I like dusty husky better because he
really delves into the souls of
individuals and I think it's remarkable
the degree to which all of the stories
that we've covered so far in Genesis are
about individuals and they're quite
realistic which is quite remarkable -
they're not really romanticized to any
great degree because all of the people
that are regard as regarded let's say as
patriarchal or matriarchal figures in
Genesis have no shortage of ethical if
no shortage of ethical flaws and also no
shortage of difficulties in their life
and the difficulties are realistic there
they're major-league problems you know
like familial catastrophes and famine
and war and revenge and hatred and all
those things it's not a it's not a
pretty it's not a pretty book and that's
one of the things that makes it great I
mean that's one of the things that
characterizes great literature right is
that it doesn't present you with a
whitewashed view of humanity or of
existence and that's really a relief I
think because as you all know because
you're alive there's no such thing as a
whitewash existence like you're to be
alive is to be in trouble
ethically and existentially I've been
reading this book recently
I'll talk about it a little bit later
it's called better never to have a bean
and it was written by a philosopher
in South Africa in Cape Town name
Benatar that's his last name and he
basically argues I think it's a specious
argument and I think it's artificially
constructed but he basically argues that
because life is so full of suffering
even good lives are very much full of
suffering that it's wrong to bring
children into the world because the
suffering outweighs the good even in
good lives and it's actually wrong it
would also be better not to exist for
exactly the same reason and my sense in
reading the book is that he came to that
conclusion and then wrote the book to
justify it which is actually the reverse
of the way that you should write a book
what you should do when you're writing a
book is you should have a question and
you should it should be a real question
right it should be one you don't know
the answer to and then you should be
studying and writing like mad and
reading everything you can get your
hands on to see if you can actually
grapple with the problem and come to
some solution and you should walk the
reader as well through your process of
thinking so that they can come to the
well not necessary to the same
conclusion but at least track what
you're doing and I don't think that's
what he did I think he wrote it
backwards but then and so I was thinking
about it a lot because that's actually a
question that I've contended with in my
writing there are Memphis da Philly and
our satanic figures for example in girth
is Faust and also Ivan in in that in the
brothers karamasoff who basically make
the same case you know that existence is
so rife with trouble and suffering that
it would be better if it didn't exist at
all and the problem I've had with that
there's a variety of them but one of the
problems I've had with that is what
happens if you start to think that way
because what I've observed is that
people who begin to think that way that
isn't where they stop like that they get
angry at existence which is what
happened to Cain as we saw in the Cain
and Abel story and then the next step is
to start taking revenge against
existence and that cascades until it's
revenge against well I think the best
way of thinking about it is revenge
against God for the crime of being which
is I think the deepest sort of hatred
that
can entertain and and and when you're in
the grip of a really deep emotion like a
really profound emotion right at the
bottom of emotions you're in something
that's like a quasi-religious state and
that's more or less independent of your
belief saying a transcendent deity I
mean you can be in a profoundly
emotional state that's as deep as it can
be and it can have religious
significance without that necessarily
signifying anything about a transcendent
being you know but but then I was
thinking you see the problem with that
argument is you can gerrymander it
endlessly you know because first of all
how do you measure suffering and how do
you measure happiness it's like how do
you assign weights to them and god
there's just no way of doing that you
have to do it arbitrarily and so you can
make an argument that the suffering
outweighs the happiness you just wait
the suffering more heavily than you wait
the happiness and that's the end of that
you know and so that's that's a problem
but I think there's a deeper problem and
I was reading this other book while back
as well which was written by the guy who
ran the human genome project and I don't
remember exactly what it was called but
it was something like a scientists case
for God is something like that and one
of the things he referred to which
didn't strike me as hard as it should
have to begin with was the he thought
that one of the phenomena say that
justified a belief in a transcendent
being was something like the moral
intuition of human beings that you know
we have a sense of right and wrong and
you know it's certainly in what happens
in Genesis in the story of Adam and Eve
is that that that story announces the
coming of the sense of right and wrong
right the knowledge of good and evil and
it isn't something we ascribe to animals
it's something that's unique to human
beings animals can be predators and you
know and they can be gentle and and you
can have a relationship with them but
you never think of an evil cat or you
know or an evil wolf even though they're
you know they're predatory about human
beings we have this capacity to judge
between good and evil right and wrong
and it's really an integral part of our
being and I think you can make an
evolutionary case for that a biological
case for that as you can
make a biological case for most of what
is relevant about human beings because
we're biological creatures but we don't
really understand the significance of
that like what happens in the story of
Adam and Eve is that that's that
realization not coming to the knowledge
of good and evil is actually represented
as a shift of cosmic significance right
it puts a it puts a permanent fracture
in the structure of being and you know
if you think of human beings as
insignificant ants on a tiny dust mote
in the middle of an infinite cosmos
cosmos that cares less for us then who
cares fundamentally if human beings have
the knowledge to distinguish between
good and evil but if you give
consciousness a central role in being
and you can make a perfectly reasonable
case for that because without
consciousness there's no being as far as
anyone can determine so it may be much
more central than we think and and I
really don't think there's a
counter-argument to that like not a
solid one you can state that
consciousness is epiphenomena land and
that the world is fundamentally
materialistic and it doesn't matter that
there's consciousness you can state that
but you can make an equally credible
case the other way and certainly our
lived experience is that consciousness
is crucial obviously and we treat each
other as if most of the time we're
valuable conscious beings and we
wouldn't give up our consciousness even
though it's often consciousness of
suffering and so then I think another
problem with the book is that it's it's
sort of predicated on the idea that life
is for happiness and I don't think
that's right and I don't think that's
how people experience life and I might
be wrong but it seems to me that people
experience life as something like a
series of crucial ethical decisions it's
something like that I mean when I just
can't imagine maybe I'm being naive
about this but I can't imagine that I
can't imagine another being that's like
me in in most senses that isn't
constantly wrestling in some sense with
what the next proper thing to do is it's
not like it's obvious it's not bloody
obvious and it
doesn't mean you'll do the right thing
because you don't law lots of times and
you know that by your own judgement
right because you're making mistakes all
the time
sometimes you don't know what you're
doing and maybe it's a mistake and maybe
it isn't and who's to say that isn't
what I'm talking and what I'm talking
about when you know that what you're
doing is wrong and you go ahead and do
it anyways people do that all the time
and that's also extremely peculiar you
bloody well think that if you knew it
was wrong and you told yourself that it
was wrong that that would be sufficient
so that you just wouldn't do it but that
isn't what you're like at all you know
and you can tell yourself something is
wrong a fifty times and you'll do it the
51st time and then you'll feel you know
like like you deserve to feel probably
and but it doesn't stop you and so so
then I think the other problem with the
viewpoint the idea that the suffering of
life eradicate sits utility is that it's
predicated on the idea that happiness or
lack of suffering even is is the right
criteria by which to judge life and I
don't think that's how we actually
experience life I think what we do
instead is put ourselves through a
series of excruciating moral choices you
know when one of the things that that's
really significant about the biblical
stories and I think about the the entire
implicit philosophy you know that's
embedded in the stories is that that's
how life is presented in in the stories
is all of these individuals first
they're individuals - not groups and
second they're agonizing over their
moral choices all the time all the time
and they have a relationship with God
and but it's not a it's not a directive
relationship exactly even for the people
to whom God speaks directly which I
suspect is not something you'd exactly
want to have happen is it's there's
still even the fact that they have a
direct relationship with God doesn't
stop them from being tormented
continually by their moral choices and
so the world is presented as a moral
landscape not as a not as a place that
justifies itself by happiness it's
presented as a moral landscape and
people are presented as
preachers who traverse through the moral
landscape making ethical decisions that
determine the course of the world and
that seems to me to be right and that's
not a that's not the same as happiness
by any stretch of the imagination it's a
whole different category of being and
you know and then I thought that through
a lot and I think well we do make
choices and what we do is contend with
the future you know and that the future
seems to appear to us as a realm of
possibility that's a more accurate way
of thinking about it then then that the
future presents itself to it to us as a
realm of determined things it's it's
presents itself as a realm of
possibility and there's good choices in
that realm and there's poor choices or
even evil choices in that realm and
we're negotiating continually deciding
which of those choices we're going to
bring into being that seems to me to be
phenomenologically indisputable and we
certainly treat each other as if that's
what we're doing because we hold each
other responsible for our actions you
know with some exceptions and that we're
deciding each moment whether to make
things better or worse and that seems to
me to be correct and I think that that's
what these stories illustrate they don't
say that directly you know although I
think it gets more and more explicit as
the narrative unfolds but and then part
of the realism of the stories is that
the people aren't the people that are
being presented are by no means good I
mean maybe with the exception of Noah no
one seemed to be a pretty good guile
they did he did get drunk and you know
and and end up naked exposed to his sons
and so forth and but I mean he isn't
talked about a lot as a character it's a
pretty compressed story but Abraham I
mean Abraham had plenty of problems not
least of which was in his inability to
leave home and then you know his lying
about his wife and their there's all
sorts of mistakes and then Jacob who
were going to talk about tonight is an
even more morally ambivalent character
he's especially at the beginning of the
story he's
it's it's he isn't the sort of person
that you would pick out especially if
you were a hack writer you wouldn't pick
him out as the hero of the story he does
a lot of things that are really pretty
reprehensible
and takes him an awful long time to
learn better and yet he's the person
who's put forward as the father of the
12 tribes of Israel it's from this
flawed person that the people that that
may be that whose story you might say is
that the fundamental constitutes the
fundamental underpinning of our culture
it's it's from this deeply flawed
individual that that group emerges and
so you might think of that as a relief
to because you know you're no knight in
shining armor you know with with a with
a pure moral past I mean people make
mistakes of catastrophic proportions
non-stop you know and that also means
that these stories put forward something
approximating hope because in their
realism in their moral realism they
present heroes I suppose the heroes of
renown right the patriarchs of old let's
say who are realistic people who have
fits of anger and rage and who are
murderous at times and who are deeply
deeply embroiled with family dispute and
and who who have adulterous affairs and
and like they do all the terrible things
that people do and the weird thing is is
that God is still with them and you know
it isn't obvious what that means or even
if it means anything but it's very it's
not disputable as far as I can tell that
a were conscious and that consciousness
is a transcendent phenomena which which
we do not understand and that the
landscape that we traverse through is
moral like every story you ever watch
anything that grips your imagination on
the screen or in the theater like any
story that grabs you is a story of moral
striving it's just not interesting
otherwise right the person has to be
confronted with complex moral choices
and then you see the outcome and you
know the good guy doesn't
and the bad guy does it badly and things
don't go so well for the bad guy
generally and if it's a bit more
sophisticated than good and the bad are
in the same individual and that's you
know that's a more compelling story but
so we could say well let's we could make
the assumption that it might be
worthwhile thinking of the world as a as
it has been thought of classically as a
theater upon which the forces of good
and evil continually strive for
dominance and I for the life of me
especially after I started reading
deeply into 20th century history and all
the terrible things that happened in the
20th century and all the terrible
unbelievably incomprehensible things
that people did to one another
I just couldn't see seeing things any
other way is realistic you know because
I don't think that you can immerse
yourself in 20th century history without
coming to the conclusion that evil is a
reality and if it's a reality that it
depends on what you mean by reality but
it's fundamental enough reality for me
and if it's a reality then I don't see
how you can escape from the conclusion
that the cosmos as we experience it at
least is a place of moral striving and
well that's one of the things that's
really illustrated in the story of Jacob
and and I found that quite striking so
so the last time last lecture I ended
with the Abrahamic stories with the
death of Sarah and that was Abraham's
wife and so we're gonna continue from
from there remember Abraham had a son
Isaac and he was asked by God to
sacrifice his son which we talked about
in in some depth and I was attempting to
make the case that you know the idea of
sacrifice was one of humankind's great
discoveries because it meant the
discovery of the future essentially but
it also meant the discovery that the
future was something that you could make
a bargain with and that you could give
up something now something impulsive
some pleasure even a deep pleasure in
the moment and you could strive and
hypothetically you could make a covenant
a bargain with the future and if your
sacrifices were acceptable and that
seemed to mean an ethically acceptable
you had to sacrifice the right thing
that that vastly increased the
probability that not only you would be
successful let's say but that your
descendants would be too and I don't
think that that's an irrational
proposition I mean you have to leave in
it a bit with the realization that
sometimes you know you get sliced off at
the knees no matter what right because
life has an arbitrary element and and
that can't be tossed out but building in
the arbitrary element will say you still
want to think well what's your best bet
given a certain amount of randomness and
it seems to me that conscious self-aware
sacrifice and proper ethical striving is
your best bet and you know there's
another idea that well I've always
explained it when I've explained it to
people I've always used the movie
Pinocchio as an example you know that
when Geppetto was trying to make his
puppet into a self-aware and autonomous
moral agent which is what he wants above
all else you know he aims at the highest
good that he can conceive which is the
star that he prays to essentially and
hopes for the transformation and there's
also something in that that's
unutterably profound and maybe that is
somewhat independent of the idea that
you
have to believe in God I would also say
that what it means to believe in God in
the old testament is by no means clear
and that's something I also really want
to talk about tonight it's not obvious
what it means and well Gepetto what he
does at least is aim at the highest good
of which he can conceive you know and
that that's actually in a philosophical
definition of God upon occasion that God
is the highest good of which you
conceive and you know that's different
than the idea of a transcendent being
precisely but it's in line with it's in
line with certain interesting
psychoanalytic speculations this is one
of the things I really liked about Carl
Jung you know
Jung was so radical a thinker it's just
beyond belief like I've read a lot of
