[Music]
last time we spoke it was not so long
ago but you've been in the headlights
even more since yes since the release of
the book and and also the beautiful
interview with captain human
yeah well that seemed to start a whole
new Plateau let's say of interest yeah I
thought that yes I've been in the
headlines a lot and a rather unsettling
amount I would say yeah and I don't want
to dwell on the captain human include
too much because you've you've been made
to talk so much about it I think you
probably tired about it but just one
thing that I I think you demonstrated
very clearly about yourself and also
about the saying that patience is a
virtue that you actually in the end you
won out because she stayed calm and you
explained what you actually meant and in
the end she liked words and I think that
actually was an inspiring example to a
lot of people yeah it seems to have been
it although it isn't clear why it was it
isn't still isn't really clear to me why
it became so incredibly widespread I
mean I think the interview itself on
YouTube has something approximating 8
million views but if you add the
commentaries to that lots of people have
cut it up and commented on it I think
it's I suspect it exceeds 20 million and
there was something about the interview
that really attracted a tremendous
amount of attention so it's very
interesting it's it's obviously part and
parcel of the political tension that's
that's odd that seems to underlie
virtually everything right now yeah I
think it's just like
like the intern interview from the
Platonic ideal steaks like this is if
you want you want an interview but
illustrates the cultural world
everything that's wrong about not taking
your opponent seriously and then you can
always show that interview so it's a
great great way to just introduce people
to what's wrong with the political
discourse I think I have I have a
hypothesis to run by you yes well so
imagine what's happening is this the
we're in the midst of a technological
transformation and the online video
services are displacing network and
cable television and the online print
services are displacing the traditional
print media so let's say that okay so
there's increasing desperation on the
part of the traditional media and so
then let's say that as a consequence of
that that I did that additional
nervousness and instability first of all
many people are leaving second budgets
are being cut and third there's
increasing desperation for to hold on to
market share and as a consequence of
that more and more articles are
polarized because they attract more
attention and that that's driving the
political polarization in part does that
seem reasonable to you yes I do think
that seems reasonable and I do think you
also have a great need for the
established media to debunk sort of the
the people who are popular on YouTube or
have podcasts and are free free from the
the big media houses and the TV channels
so you think it's also direct
competition yes but I'm not sure if it's
sort of a conscious effort I think also
it's incompetent sometimes you know it's
never never
everything together like all bright
lights extremism populism and they have
a very hard time discerning what's what
and the real Nazis from just people
having legitimate ideas and the
legitimate
yeah well that that's another issue
right is that it's in the radical left's
interest to lump everyone who opposes
their their ideological attempts into a
single terrifying category because if if
they had to contend with the fact that
you can be reasonable centrist or even a
reasonable Center leftist and dispute
the validity of identity politics as a
framework for conducting a political
discussion if you have to accept that
reasonable people can do that then you
have to accept that reasonable people
can object your ideology and that
implies that your ideology isn't
reasonable so there's every reason for
people on the radical left to not only
assume that their opponents are
reprehensible but to make the case that
they're reprehensible without ever
bothering to scratch below the surface
so I think that's happening too and then
of course I never want to let the
universities off the hook and I think
the fact that the universities have
allowed and encouraged the growth of
reticle left ideology and the humanities
and the social sciences is absolutely
completely inexcusable so I might even
prove fatal to the universities we'll
see about that
but it wouldn't surprise me universities
have been around a long time though the
last we spoke I was doing a piece on how
radical feminism had been mandatory for
a course long university and we spoke
about that the
was mandated to include you you get
Butler in this course and I continued
writing about the universities and it
goes much deeper in swinging it goes
even white if you look at the grants if
you look at its we have ten ten billion
crona's which are being distributed from
the state and they are they have the
gender mainstreaming that's is taking
place in the you know universities when
it comes to courses and the reading
lists and the professors is also when it
comes to the grants so you have to
include a gender perspective or at least
you have to specify why you don't have a
gender perspective right which is
probably fatal yeah exactly
so one of my friend of mine that I got
to know him via his dog because I have a
dog and so our dogs became friends and
then we became friends so he made his
giddy about Travis wild and wine
droughts and and how do you say
domesticated plants no gap yeah yeah so
the difference in behavior sounds very
boring but it's actually kind of
interesting one thing but he was about
to not get his not getting grant because
he didn't think you know gender
perspective yep and so well I know now
that and that's it ten years ago and now
it's it's spreading so I'm getting a lot
of stories about that so it's crazy the
universities are really it's shifted
into second gear here in Sweden at least
yeah it's the same it's it's happening
everywhere in the West I would say our
government just handed down a budget and
every as far as I can tell from the
initial response and every government
program has to include a gender
perspective now in the same manner and
so our government is deciding to solve a
problem that doesn't exist well what's
happened is that we've accepted
hoody we've accepted equality of outcome
as the measure by which we're going to
judge the fairness of organization's
operations at the same time when the
social science research is stacking up
on the other side of the distribution to
state ever more clearly and with ever
more with ever less doubt that as you as
you flatten out the sociological
landscape so that men and women are
treated more equally that the difference
in their occupational choices widens
it's become crystal clear and the the
response to that from the radicals is
that pseudoscience even though the
people who are doing these studies
aren't conservative there aren't
conservatives in the social sciences and
so people do these studies and they're
shocked by the results they publish them
because they're good scientists not
because these findings buttress their
ideological position and Plus whose
ideological position wasn't to wish that
as you flatten out the sociological and
political landscape you make men and
women more different who is hoping for
that no one was hoping for that so as
the science stacks up the legislative
and political attempts to silence it and
to mount an ideological counter-attack
multiplied yeah and we need more we need
more more general science now because
the differences are accelerating so no
need even more yeah more of the same but
I would like to jump into the to the
book and see what because I read your
book and or I didn't really read it I
actually listened to it which was I can
really recommend to people because you
know you did a fantastic job of reading
the book by yourself and
so thank money I was looking at the
reviews on audible and there's a
performance review and a content review
yeah the performance review is higher
than the content review it
what what to think about that I don't
know whether I should be happy about
that or not happy about that it's not
much difference but I thought it was
comical I think you should stop writing
and you should just be a narrator of
books I think that's the takeaway well
I'm going to do an audio book version of
maps of meaning oh really yes that's
great
yes so that's coming and that that'll be
like 25 hours long or something like
that probably more so yeah that's the
first book I read as an as an audiobook
was better angels of our nature by
Steven Pinker hmm it's like 50 hours or
something so it was a 25 hours it's not
so bad I think maybe I'm out too because
it's a longer book I'm probably I'm
probably under estimating the amount of
time we'll sit but the rule the rules in
your book yeah I think the first rule
stand up straight with his shoulders
back I think that's really when you read
the chapter it's it's really good
chapter but I as last time when I was
about to speak to you I I went into the
Urim Pearson fan groups in Sweden and I
asked them what what do you think I
should ask you or him and then one of
the guys was sir he said I really like
the book but when he says stand up
straight with your shoulders back
I think he should explain more how to do
it and then a lot of the helpful other
guys in the thread started giving him
physical exercises how to strengthen the
muscles between the shoulder dress it
was like a long thread on how to how to
build your chest up like and then in the
end like after 20 or 30 comments like
somebody suggests that maybe maybe
you're done didn't mean it literally he
also meant it figuratively
so but it was no no no meanness or
anything but then yeah it wasn't it
wasn't the physical advice it was so
mostly a sort of a psychological advice
so yeah well it's a good place where the
metaphorical and the literal meet yeah
well and the important part
that chapter I think apart is that I was
really trying to make a case and this is
a case that needs to be made over and
over and over until people understand it
there's a book I would recommend that
was recently written called the great
leveller Walter Shaw Dell and it's a
study of inequality and it's a brutal
book because one of the things she Adele
does is he calculates inequality
coefficients like the Gini coefficient
which is a measure of inequality
economic inequality and he looks over
the empirical data to see if there's any
relationship between the the left or the
right wing nature of a government and
the inequality in the society and so
what you'd hope because inequality is
actually a genuine problem you'd hope
that left-wing governments were better
at regulating inequality than right-wing
governments you'd hope that there's no
evidence for that whatsoever so I'm
making a case in Chapter 1 that
hierarchies exist and because
hierarchies exist inequality exists or
at least the two things are are
indistinguishable at many levels but
that you can't blame the existence of
hierarchy or inequality on something
proximal like capitalism or Western
society inequality is the rule all the
way back down to crustaceans and so when
the Marxists complain about inequality
and how intractable it is well they have
a point but when they blame it on
capitalism they're not taking the
problem seriously it's way worse than
the Marxist think because inequality is
genuinely a problem now the yeah but
it's a problem in in in a bunch of ways
the first is is that those at the top
tend to get more and those at the bottom
tend to end up with zero and zero is
really not good now you might say well
in a capitalist society in a modern
industrial capitalist society people
tend not to end up at zero so much and
that seems to be true it is definitely
the case and and I think Pinker has done
a good job of outlining this the people
at human progress org are doing a good
job of the two
it's definitely the case that our modern
societies are making the poor much less
absolutely poor so we've we've decreased
poverty worldwide between 2000 and 2012
by 50% a massive accomplishment we
should be partying in the streets about
it
it's an amazing accomplishment but
inequality is still a problem so so that
chapters about how deep the problem is
now the suggestion is is that to compete
in a world where there's unequal outcome
your best bet is to take the full
tragedy of being full-frontal
essentially right to open yourself up to
the catastrophe of existence and to move
forward with courage and and and with
nobility and with with truth on your
tongue
that's your best bet and I do believe
that now I can give you an example of
that we did research on a program called
the Future authoring program and it's a
part of the suite that's offered at self
authoring calm and we did the research
the idea was to produce psychological
interventions that were very cost
effective that could be distributed to
many people but we wanted to test them
because you never know if you're idiots
intervention is gonna do something good
or something bad
that's like rule number one for a
serious social scientists assume your
idiot intervention will either be
useless or harmful because those are the
most likely outcomes right and any
social scientist who's truly credible
understands that those who don't are not
educated properly so anyways we tested
the future authoring program and we
mostly tested it in Holland and we did
some stratification by group so in
Holland this was at the Rotterdam school
of at the Rotterdam School of Management
and Erasmus University we had thousands
of University students do the future
authoring program where they laid out a
plan for their life
and they tried to optimize their lives
along they wanted to consider their
friendships intimate relationships
career choices educational choices
mental and physical health use of drugs
and alcohol and use of time productively
outside of work to optimize across all
those levels and then to avoid
catastrophic pitfalls so you write about
what your life could be like if you
could have what you needed in three to
five years and then what write about
what your life could be like if
everything fell apart on you and and
things went bad all right
so they all did this exercise now before
the exercise the Dutch women were
outperforming the Dutch men let's say
the Caucasians and the non-western
ethnic minority women were doing worse
than the Dutch men and the non-western
ethnic minority men were doing worse the
worst of all four groups about an eighty
five percent performance decrement
compared to the Dutch women two years
after the intervention they were doing
better than the Dutch women right man it
blew us away we couldn't believe and
that's research published with Michaela
shipper and and and some other
colleagues at from Holland and what was
so interesting about that was that a
psychological intervention seemed to
remove the barriers that were produced
by what was hypothetically a
sociological barrier it might be that if
you're you know an immigrant to a
country that you don't have your story
straight because it's so complicated
you know so you need a better plan
so and that's part of standing up it's
like okay man make a plan for the future
plan a good future and and move forward
towards it and also one one thing that I
took away from it was from the chapters
and take yourself seriously otherwise no
one else will yeah if you don't stand up
for yourself you will get pushed down
and pushed over and not be taking notice
oh yeah yeah well I think the way you
take yourself seriously is you you start
to construe yourself as a player in the
catastrophe of the world know the world
and this is a motif route 12 rules for
life in many ways
is a very dark book although it has a
very optimistic central message the
darkness is life is tragic and tainted
by malevolence but the optimism is
there's a hell of a lot more to you than
you think
and I don't think that's a message
that's really good for people because
everyone knows that life is a
catastrophe that's stated by malevolence
everyone knows that even if people don't
want to admit it at the bottom of their
heart they know it and I think they also
suspect that there's more to them than
meets the eye so and and so so the the
trick to taking yourself seriously is to
understand that your errors count they
make things worse like it really is the
case that it matters whether you get
your act together at least because if
you're fragmented and disillusioned and
resentful and angry and working to make
things worse you really can make them
worse the school shooters are a good
example of that people who become so
nihilistic and and desperate and then
angry that you know they they they
slaughter the innocent in in a in a fit
of vengefulness like that's third of the
bottom and of of the descent for human
beings it's really terrible you get the
sense I'm gonna divide this question
because the you you you you deal a lot
with Christianity and Christian thought
both mostly with the Old Testament but
also with the New Testament and the
Christian motifs and but you get the
sense from from your book that and from
your teachings and when we talk about
this that we can really create hell for
ourselves in this world and we have no
problem with creating a variety of
health for ourselves and for others so
that's within our grasp in our grasp you
bet
that's exactly right is that hell is
definitely within our grasp yeah
and and I think with our ingenuity we
can invent many kinds of health but I
would also do you think there's a do we
have the capacity to create paradise on
earth do you think is that within their
grasp I think that that's what we
struggle upwards toward you know I was
thinking recently about this this image
came to mind of st. Joseph's oratorio in
Montreal which is a huge religious
building it's one of the biggest
Cathedral I don't think it's a cathedral
because I think it's an oratorio
although I don't know technically the
difference but it's one of the biggest
religious edifices in the world and it
was built in the latter half of the 20th
century which is quite interesting
because most buildings of religious
significance weren't built that late but
anyways it's up on Mount Royal so it's
up on the hill and so it's the city on
the hill right it's the Universal City
on the hill it's an image of perfection
it's its lattice like stonework lit like
the interior of a forest devoted towards
