[Music]
that's a hell of a welcome for someone
who's gonna talk about the Bible so I
thought I would get farther than through
Genesis by by this point but I'm not
unhappy about the pace either I've
learned a tremendous amount and so
hopefully what we'll do today is finish
Genesis completely and then I think I'll
try to start up with Exodus in May
depending on what happens next year I
have a busy travel schedule and but I
would really like to do it I really like
the Exodus story and I understand it
very well a lot of the stories in
Genesis especially after the first few
stories say up to the Tower of Babel I
had to do a tremendous amount of
learning about which is really good but
I do know the Exodus story so I'm really
looking forward to that so so let's dive
right into it and see how far we can get
today so we'll review first so Joseph's
father is Jacob and Jacob is the
patriarch of Israel essentially that the
father of the twelve tribes and we might
remember that he had a very morally
ambivalent pathway through life and it's
one of the things that I think so
interesting about the stories in the in
the Old Testament is that these so
called patriarchal figures are very
realistic and it's something that I was
also being struck by that accounts in
the New Testament that way there's lots
of things that Christ does that you'd
think would have been edited out over
time and sanitized but they're not and
that the Old Testament is definitely not
a book that's been sanitized and that's
it
quite interesting that that's the case
so you sort of see people with all their
flaws and I've been trying to also
derive some general conclusions about
them the moral of the story of the
Genesis stories and because these
stories are fundamentally moral and
moral as far as I'm concerned has to do
with action right because moral
decisions are the decisions that you
make when you're structuring action when
you decide to do one thing or another
generally you want to do things that are
the best things that you can think of to
do and hence good but sometimes you also
want to do things that are they're worse
things you can do you know because
you're angry or resentful or bitter and
so the moral decisions that you make
that govern your actions are really the
most important decisions that you make
in your life and it's not that easy to
figure out how to make moral decisions
we don't have an unerring technology for
that the same way as we do for say
making decisions about empirical reality
which in some ways seem a lot simpler
partly because we can work collectively
at it partly because we have a rigorous
methodology for deciding what's true and
what's not so one of the things that's
really struck me like it's an
overarching theme I would say that the
emerges out of Genesis especially after
the really ancient stories say
especially after the stories of Cain and
Abel and Noah and the Tower of Babel
when you get to the accounts of the
historically or historically real people
one injunction seems to be get the hell
out there and do something you know one
of the major themes for all of the
patriarchs that we've talked about
Abraham say Jacob and Joseph is move out
into the world regardless of the
circumstances at hand now that's in in
in the Old Testament stories that's
basically portrayed as harkening to the
voice of God something like that maybe
you could think about
his destiny or a psychological calling
and the funny thing too is is that it's
not that these people have an easy time
of it when they heed that call so what's
what's fascinating is that they often
run into extreme difficulties right away
and I think that's very interesting
first of all because life is obviously
full of extreme difficulties and second
it's another example of the failure to
sugarcoat things which is one of the
things I think makes a mockery of anti
religious theories that are even quite
sophisticated say like Freud's because
Freud thought of religion as a and it
was a wish fulfillment essentially and
and also Marx who thought about religion
as the opiate of the masses it's if
those were true it seems to me that
there'd be a lot more wish and a lot
less reality a lot less stark harsh
reality you know in the first thing that
Abraham encounters is a famine and then
he has to hide his wife and then he he
basically journeys into a tyranny so
that's about as bad as it gets in some
ways and those themes recur continually
and no one ever lives where they're
supposed to live they'll even live in
Canaan and not the promised land and so
it's a pretty rough it's a pretty rough
series of stories but the fundamental
idea is something like there's no time
for sitting around there's time to go
out into the world and engage and then
there's there's hints about the proper
and improper ways of engaging right so
clearly the improper way to engage is I
think most clearly delineated in the
Cain and Abel story and with Cain
exemplifying the inappropriate way to
engage with the world and that's to
engage with the world in a bitter
jealous and resentful manner now one of
the things that I really like about the
Cain and Abel story and that theme
recurs continually with the with the
duality of the brothers right there's
there's constant conflict between a
perspective that's essentially like
Cain's and and the and the opposite
perspective which all which I'll get to
in a minute
but Caine sees that the world is a very
tragic place and that the rewards are
distributed unfairly and that there are
people who do better and people who do
worse and as a consequence of that he
becomes bitter and resentful and curses
God and then he becomes homicidal
fratricidal which is even worse than he
destroys his own ideal then his
descendants basically become genocide or
something like that so that seems to be
the wrong way to go about things you
know unless your goal is to make things
worse like it's not like it has a
limited number of things has nothing to
object to he's got plenty to object to
his situation actually is bad he's
overshadowed terribly by his brother who
everyone loves who does extraordinarily
well and who's good at everything and
the story is a bit of nivel inton for
Keynes failure although a fair bit of
its laid at his own feet
but he's definitely failing and so you
can understand why he would have this
terrible attitude
but the problem is all it does is make
it worse so it doesn't seem to be one of
the things I've also learned as a
psychologist sort of pondering these
sorts of things it's often a lot easier
to identify what you shouldn't do than
what you should do like it's I think
evil is easier to identify than good I
think good is trickier but evil stands
out to some degree and then at least you
can say if you're trying to get as far
away from that as possible we could even
say just for practical reasons so your
life doesn't become hell and your family
life doesn't become hell at least you
could get as far away from that as
possible even if you weren't able to
conjure up what would constitute the
good as a name you could at least avoid
those sorts of pitfalls and I do also
think that its pitfalls like that that
really threaten our society right now
you know that I see a tremendous rise in
resentment fueling almost all of the
political polarization that's taking
place and seems unfortunate given that
by and by large everyone on the planet
is richer than they've ever been
now that doesn't mean there's no
disparity there's but there's always
disparity anyways Jacob of course Jacob
on
see so and so the and Jacob ends up with
with with Isaac's blessing and so that's
that's a moral catastrophe and then he
has to run because his brother wants to
kill him
and so that's the fratricidal motif
again I like that too I think that's
real really realistic you know one of
the things that Freud noted constantly
and this is where Freud really is a
genius is that the most intense hatreds
and also sometimes the most intense love
is within families you know and in the
Freudian world of psychopathology it's
all it's all inside the family and in
fact the pathology in the Freudian world
is actually the fact that it's all
inside the family because people who get
tangled up in the Freudian familial
nightmare which is roughly eatable in
structure can only conceptualize the
world in terms of their familial
relationships they've been so damaged by
the enmeshment and the trauma and the
deceit and the betrayal and the blurred
lines and all of that that they just
can't expand past the family and go out
in the world so the idea that brothers
can be at each other's throats I think
is that's a very powerful idea and it's
not something that people like to think
about so so Jacob has to leave and it's
not surprising because I mean what he
did was pretty reprehensible he betrayed
his brother but nonetheless he's the
person who dreams of the ladder that
unites heaven and earth and that's a
very perverse thing you know what but
one of the things I think it does is
give in some sense it gives hope to
everyone because it isn't you know if
only the good guys win we're really in
trouble right because it's not that easy
to be a good guy it's it's it's really
not that easy and most people are pretty
keenly aware of all the ways that they
fall short even of their own ideals and
so if there was no hope except for the
good guys almost all of us would be lost
and so that's one of the things I really
liked and was more surprised about with
the Old Testament stories is that these
people are a very complex
and they make very major moral errors by
anyone's standard and yet if and yet the
overall message is still hopeful and the
the message that runs contrary to the
message of evil say that message of good
is something like well there's a lot of
emphasis on faith right and the that's a
tough one because cynics people who are
cynical about religious structures like
to think of faith as the willingness to
demolish your intellect in the service
of superstition and well there's there's
something to be said for that
perspective but not a lot because the
reality is much more sophisticated part
of the faith that's that that is being
insisted upon in the old testament is
something like and I'm speaking
psychologically here again that it's
useful to pause it a high high good and
to aim at it so and I really think
that's practically useful to the
research we've done with the Future
authoring program for example indicates
pretty clearly that if you get people to
conceptualize an ideal and a balanced
ideal you know so what do you want for
your family what do you want for your
career what do you want for your
education what do you want for your
character development how are you going
to use your time outside of work how are
you going to structure your use of drugs
and alcohol in places where you might
get impulsive how can you avoid falling
into a horrible pit if you really think
that through and you come up with an
integrated ideal and you you put it
above you as something to reach for
then you're more committed to the world
in a positive way and you're less
tormented by anxiety and uncertainty and
so and that makes sense right because
here you are alive and everything and so
unless you were capable if you're not
capable of manifesting some positive
relationship with the fact of your being
then how could that be anything other
than hellish because you it would just
be anxiety provoking and terrible
because you're vulnerable and there'd be
nothing useful or worthwhile to do well
that's just not I just can't see that as
a winning strategy for anyone you can
make a rational case for adopting that
strategy in that you know you can say
well there's no evidence for for a
transcendent morality or for an ultimate
meaning there's no hard empirical
evidence but it seems to me that there's
existential evidence as well that has to
be taken into account
and of course psych psychologists have
talked about this a lot Carl Rogers for
example in Hume for that matter Freud
for that matter most of the great
psychologists have pointed out that you
know you can derive reasonable
information that's that's solid from
your own experience especially if you
also talk to other people and you can
kind of see in your own life when you're
on a productive path that sort of in
Nobles and enlightens you or a
destructive path and I think it's kind
of useful to think that maybe the
dichotomy between those two paths might
be real you know and and because that
also allows you to give credence to your
intuitions about that sort of thing but
I don't anyways I don't think it's
unreasonable to posit that since you're
alive adopting the highest possible
regard for the fact that you're alive
and that you're surrounded by other
creatures that are alive I just can't
see how that can possibly be construed
as a losing strategy and so that's the
first thing so that's something like
faith right it's faith it's not it's not
only faith in your being but it's faith
in being as such and the faith would be
something like if you could orient your
being properly then maybe that would
orient you with being as such and you
never know like I mean it might be true
there's no reason to assume that it
wouldn't be true I mean even if you just
take a strict biological perspective on
this and think about us as the product
of three and a half billion years of
evolution I mean we have struggled over
all those billions of years to be alive
and to match ourselves with reality and
so because one of the things I've often
wondered is you know life is definitely
difficult there's no doubt about that
and that's unfair and there's inequality
and all of those things and people are
subject to all sorts of terrible things
but I also wonder if you weren't
actively striving to make things
worse just how much better could they be
you know because people are very they
like houses that are divided amongst
themselves they're pointing in six
different directions at the same time
they're working at cross-purposes to
themselves because of bitterness or
began and resentment and on what
unprocessed memories and childhood
hatreds and unexamined assumptions all
sorts of things and you you just gotta
wonder if you could push that aside and
or int yourself properly and then the
other thing that of course is stressed
very heavily in the Old Testament and of
course that goes through the entire
biblical corpus is that it's not only
enough to establish a positive
relationship with being which I think is
the essential it's a good description of
faith you have to make that decision
right because being is very ambivalent
and you can make the case that maybe
it's something that should have never
happened
but that doesn't seem to be productive
to me and faith seems to be I'm going to
act as if being is ultimately
justifiable and that if I partake in it
properly I will improve it rather than
making it worse so I think that's the
statement of faith and then what seems
to go along with that is something like
truth in conception and action you know
even people like Jacob who are pretty
damn morally ambivalent to begin with
get hammered a lot by what they go
through and what seems to happen is that
they're hammered into some sort of
ethical shape right so by the mid point
of their life's journey there are people
who are solidly planted who you can
trust and who don't betray being or
themselves or their fellow man and so
it's an interesting I mean it seems
reasonable to me to first assume that
you have to establish a relationship
with something that's transcendent it
might even be just the future version of
you but and then second that you have to
align yourself with reality in a
truthful manner and that that's your
best bet
and
the biblical stories are actually quite
realistic about that too because they
don't really say that if you do that
you're going to be instantly transported
to the promised land
like even Moses as we'll find out in the
Exodus stories he never makes it to the
Promised Land and so it's not like
you're offered instantaneous final
Redemption if you move out forthrightly
into the world establish a faithful
relationship with being an attempt to
conduct yourself with integrity but it's
your best bet and it might be good
enough and even if it's not good enough
it's really preferable to the
alternative which seems to be something
closely akin to hell both personal and
social so Joseph's father is Jacob later
Israel he who wrestles with God and
we've talked about that a little bit
it's sort of implicit and what I've been
saying is that I think we all do that to
some degree we wrestle with reality
itself that's for sure not only the
reality we understand but the reality we
don't understand which is sort of a
transcendent reality and then maybe
whatever reality is outside of that you
know because the classic judeo-christian
conception of God is that there's time
and space and of course there's lots of
things about what exists in time and
space that we're completely ignorant of
and that's transcendent in that sense
but then there's an idea that there's a
realm outside of that which is a well
it's an interesting idea it's a very
sophisticated idea I think rather than a
simple idea it's it's difficult to know
what to make of it but it doesn't really
matter because I think regardless of
what your attitude is towards those
sorts of things intellectually you still
end up in the same position as Jacob for
all intents and purposes practically
speaking because I don't think that
there's anyone who at some point in
their life or perhaps even everyday
doesn't at some level wrestle with God
and you could just call it well the
nature of reality I suppose if you want
to be say reductionistic about it but I
don't think it makes any difference it's
still something you're stuck with and
it's not only the nature of reality
itself that you
have to struggle with but it's also the
nature of your moral relationship to it
your behavioral relationship to it so
that's how you should perceive it and
how you should conduct yourself and then
whether or not the the advantages of
doing it properly are worth the
difficulty and the disadvantages so that
seems to me just a straight existential
statement then you know Jacob gets
damaged by his wrestling which is also
very realistic so anyways he also ends
up his father of Joseph who's the
favorite son son who's born in his old
age to his favorite wife and that's who
we're gonna talk about to you today so
you remember so Jacob is the forefather
of the twelve tribes of Israel and
there's his his wives and this son and
the offspring that resulted those are
all the sons there's a daughter named
Dinah as well and rachel is the woman he
