give him a warm welcome dr. Jordan B
Peterson
thank you thank you very much it's very
nice to be here and to see you all come
out to spend a couple of hours thinking
about difficult things there seems to be
an appetite for that which is really
something
so let's exploit it so I started working
on the ideas that I outlined in 12 rules
for life well a long time ago and really
started when I was about 13 I was a
junior high school student and I met
this librarian who's kind of an
eccentric person very well-educated
person and she we I used to hang around
with my delinquent friends in the
library which tells you how eccentric
the librarian was because that's not
normally the place where the delinquent
kids hang out you know but she talked to
us like we were adults and that was a
word what would you call it a refreshing
that was a refreshing experience and she
knew that I'd like to read and she
started giving me real books she gave me
one day in the life of Ivan Denisovich
which was the first book published by
Alexander Solzhenitsyn in the Soviet
Union it's a story about the day of a
political prisoner in a in a work camp
and brave new world and 1984 an animal
farm and in rands books which was quite
interesting because she was the wife of
our Member of Parliament who was the
only member of the Opposition in our
province and he was a socialist an NDP
new democratic party leader as a matter
of fact and but despite that she gave me
an rands books because she thought that
I should be exposed to the other side of
the argument so I read Atlas Shrugged
and
The Fountainhead and well she was the
first person who helped me discover
literature let's say and well at the
same time I got interested in what had
happened in Nazi Germany and I wrote an
essay about that when I was about 13 or
14 about Auschwitz and what had happened
there and I never read that really never
left my mind I would say I think I read
Victor Frankel's man's search for
meaning at that point which is a book I
would highly recommend I have a reading
list on my website by the way at Jordan
B Peterson com and so there was a
variety of books there that have really
influenced me and and I put them up for
other people's use anyways I never what
what I learned about our Woodson about
Nazi Germany never really left my mind
and because I couldn't understand how
people could act that way how they could
not only be possessed by an ideology to
the degree that the Germans were a very
civilized country Germany you know so
was I suppose even a more spectacular
shock that something so catastrophic
happened there there wasn't just the
ideological possession it was the
cruelty and the gratuitous cruelty in
the service of that ideological
possession that I couldn't understand it
didn't
I couldn't establish a relationship
between my own being and and those
patterns of action and as I got older
that concern transformed itself into an
obsession I would say not so much with
what had happened in Nazi Germany but
with I think what happened what was
happening as a consequence of the
collectivist philosophy per se which you
might think of something that manifested
itself both on the right in Nazi Germany
and then on the left in all the
multitudinous and catastrophic communist
regimes that characterized the bulk of
the 20th century and they're insane
murderous Ness and that probably
culminated for me in the 1970s when I
read Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's Gulag
Archipelago
go which is another book that everyone
should read because in some sense it
might be the defining document of the
20th century and the fact that everyone
in the West isn't familiar with that
book is actually a signal of our
catastrophic moral failing I would say I
started writing this book called maps of
meaning in about 1985 although I had
been working on variants of it before
that and what I was trying to understand
was maybe the psychological motivations
for the Cold War something like that
many of you are old enough to remember
what it was like in the 1980s we just
went and visited the house in in wreck
javac where Gorbachev and Reagan met
which was quite something to see and
when they decided they were going to
bring at least some of the insanity to a
relative halt
thank God the eighties were a very
contentious time you know the Cold War
sort of peeked into at two times the
peaked in 1962 during the Cuban Missile
Crisis I don't know if you know this but
I was visited a nuclear missile site in
in Arizona about ten years ago it was a
decommissioned missile site
intercontinental ballistic missile
intercontinental ballistic missile is a
very large rockets and can go halfway
around the world and it's ballistic
which means it has the same function as
a bullet and the bullet is ballistic
because once you fire it it's gone you
don't control it after it it leaves so
once you launch a ballistic missile it's
launched there's no calling it back and
they told us they did a simulation
launch which is very eerie thing and so
to launch a nuclear missile is a big
console that sort of looks like the Star
Trek control control module let's say
and one person stands here and one
person stands about 20 feet away each
have a key around their neck and they
put the key in the lock simultaneously
and then turn it for ten seconds and at
the end of ten seconds the missile is
gone and that's that
and they both have their keys in the
lock in 1962 so and we came close again
in 1984 when I don't know if you know
this but a Soviet missile detection
system signaled the launch of four or
five missiles from North America and a
single Russian soldier decided that it
was a false alarm and refused to push
the button that would have resulted in
major retaliation he just died about a
year ago you can read about him on
Wikipedia anyways I read Solzhenitsyn in
1970s and and that made me me even I
would say more obsessed with what was
happening in in on the world stage I was
trying to understand why it was that the
systems of belief that we inhabited
let's say one typifying the Soviet Union
and in similar States Maoist China North
Korea wonderful places like that versus
the West we each had our own way of
construing the world the ways of
construing the world were set at odds
with one another and the fact that they
were set at odds with one another
appeared to be so significant that we'd
armed ourselves with 50,000 Hydra
hydrogen bombs on each side something
like that I don't know how much you know
about a hydrogen bomb you know you know
about atomic bombs you know that a
hydrogen bomb has an atomic bomb for the
trigger right so so like the atom bomb
that was dropped on Hiroshima that was
something that was a fission bomb not
standard atomic bomb the first
generation but hydrogen bomb is
incontestably more powerful than that
and we were producing them in the tens
of thousands it's not like we don't have
any now but it was really some insanity
in the 1980s and people seem to have a
very itchy trigger finger so I was very
confused about this in two ways one and
from a psychological perspective because
by that time I did study just
to study psychology instead of political
science which was my original major I I
get I got disenchanted with political
science because I didn't believe that
people were fundamentally motivated by
economic issues I still don't believe
that that's true they're motivated by
whatever they're motivated by it can't
be captured by economics not precisely
it's very curious about what it was that
was so important about a belief system
that people would risk putting the
entire planet to the torch to ensure
that their particular mode of construing
the world prevailed was an interesting
psychological problem what was so
important about belief system that would
justify destroying everything that's
here risking destroying everything
because that was certainly the situation
we put ourselves in and more to the
point I guess or equally to the point I
was interested in two other things one
was were these differences in belief
systems just arbitrary and that's
actually a postmodern question I didn't
know that at the time no because you
might say the post modernists do say
there's a very large number of ways of
interpreting the world and it isn't
obvious how you determine which of those
ways are correct and so perhaps you
can't determine that any of them are
correct and then as a consequence of
your inability to determine if any of
them are correct then you have to turn
to something like power dispute to
establish which interpretation is going
to take precedence I would say in a
nutshell that's a post modernist theory
now that's tainted to some degree with
Marxist preconceptions but we won't get
into that but that's basically the idea
and it's an idea with a certain amount
of justification there is a very large
number of ways of interpreting the world
and it isn't obvious which way or ways
are right or why they're right so it's a
complicated problem and so I was curious
is like was this merely a difference of
opinion the West had a certain set of
axioms that it was acting out in the
world and there
Soviet bloc and the rest of the
communist countries had another set of
axioms and they were both arbitrary and
it was a matter of power or was there
something deeper at stake so that was
question number two question number
three was was there an alternative to
brutal combat was there an alternative
way of solving the dispute to brutal
group combat something like that and so
because I always believed that if you
understood a problem that you could
solve it in fact that if yes if when you
analyze the problem a solution didn't
emerge from the analysis then you
actually didn't understand the problem
and so I thought if I delved into the
problem deeply enough then maybe I could
figure out what might constitute a
solution assuming there was such a thing
because I couldn't I knew after writing
a fair bit of it that we were that there
was a real problem because you can get
belief systems that are locked in combat
and then obviously the terrible
consequence of that is the combat but
then I also knew and this was probably
more from reading Nietzsche than
anything else that if your belief system
collapses you might say well I don't
want to fight with you about whose
belief system is correct I'll just let
my mind go but the problem is if you let
your belief system go then you're
swamped by nihilism and hopelessness and
and that's not helpful first of all it's
very it's not helpful psychologically
because it produces motional pain and
anxiety and maybe at unbearable levels
you can't have a pointless life it's
it's it's it's a suffering a pointless
life is pointless suffering and people
can't sustain that without becoming
demoralized that's only where they start
demoralized bitter cruel resentful angry
hostile murderous genocide alike all
those things follow one from another if
if things are sufficiently hopeless you
can't just let your belief system go but
if you're locked into it and there's
another one that you're competing with
then the the consequence is war it's
like so what is it nihilism on the one
hand in war
on the other that didn't seem like
especially given the outcome of like say
the third world war that neither of
those seemed like acceptable
alternatives but I couldn't see any
other I couldn't see that there was
anything else other than those two
alternatives and so that's what I tried
to lay out in in this book maps of
meaning and most of the thoughts that I
expressed in 12 rules for life not all
of them and in the lectures that I've
done that have become popular on YouTube
were all developed during the 15 year
period that I worked on that book and I
worked on it I would say obsessively
really I wrote about three hours a day
and I thought about it for pretty much
12 other hours and so I was thinking
constantly it was it's not obvious why
but well I told you why for some reason
all that manifested itself to me as a
cardinal problem but I concluded and
tried to lay out the rationale for this
that the the fight between these two
belief systems but let's let's look at
the belief systems it's not communism
versus the West it's not communism
versus the free market it's it's
different than that it's collectivism in
its far right form let's say the far
right form of the Nazis and the far left
form of the radical leftists the
Communists that's collectivism versus
individualism that's the fundamental
conflict and there are variants of the
collectivist viewpoint but it doesn't
matter they can be grouped under the
rubric of collectivism there's important
differences but we don't have to get
into that the Western take wasn't
collectivist it was individualist
and the central idea of the West was
that although people are obviously
obviously aggregate into groups and many
different groups because all of you are
members of very of many different groups
ethnicities genders sexes races family
groups community groups you can be
grouped a very large number of ways and
and you tend towards the adoption of
something approximating a group identity
because you know you take care of your
family and you're a member of your
community and you have a certain amount
of justifiable pay tree
him in relationship to your state the
group identity is definitely part of who
you are the question is what's the
fundamental defining characteristic of
who you are and the collectivist
definition is that you are the avatar of
a collective and that's fundamentally
who you are but the Western perspective
is not that the Western perspective is
that despite the fact that people have
an individual level and a collective
level the individual level is to be
regarded as paramount you're to be
treated above all L above all as an
individual now and I looked into that
very deeply and I thought that isn't
arbitrary it's actually correct that's
the right way of looking at the world
and then you might say well what do you
mean the right way and of course that's
the right question because that is the
question
if something's the right way of looking
at something why is it the right way of
looking at it but I want to put a little
spin on that too because usually when we
talk about individualism in the West at
least in the modern world maybe let's
say for the last 50 years or something
like that maybe it's after World War 2 I
don't know exactly the parameters it
doesn't matter certainly since the 1960s
when we think about the tradition of
individuality in the West we think about
the tradition of individual rights and
there's a problem with that because the
fundamental individual tradition of the
West is not individual rights and rights
have a problem rights are sort of like
your privilege compared to other people
I have these rights and don't tread on
them that that walls me off and makes me
privileged in some sense it means that I
have the right to do things I have the
right to pursue my own interests I have
the right to pursue happiness for
example that's explicitly laid out in
the American system the rights are what
is special about me and so when you look
at individuality or individualism from
that perspective you can think about it
as a selfish idea and it's often
criticized by collectivists precisely
for that selfishness
but the fundamental idea of the
individual in the West isn't predicated
on rights even though that's important
it's predicated on responsibility right
so your role as an individual in the
West isn't to be the bearer of Rights of
intrinsic rights even though those are
important your responsibility as an
individual in the West is to bear the
responsibility of an individual and it's
in bearing that responsibility that you
set yourself right and your family right
and you keep the state on track it's not
from expressing your rights
it's from shouldering your
responsibility and I would say that the
reason that you have rights in the West
is so that you can shoulder your
responsibilities it's not the other way
around
it's so that you can do what's best on
your behalf and in that manner do what's
best on your family's behalf and in that
manner contribute to the degree that you
can to the community and that if you do
all those things simultaneously which
means to accept the responsibility for
that then things move ahead as well as
they can move ahead which doesn't
necessarily mean well because life is
very difficult and there's no sure way
through it there's only less bad
approaches that might be a way of
thinking about it and the least bad
approach you can manage is to shoulder
your responsibilities as an individual
and that's the and I would say that one
of the things that drives the
collectivist ethos which is often
formulated in terms of compassion for
the oppressed which is something we'll
talk about a little bit later is
actually a deep desire to at all costs
avoid that responsibility and it's no
wonder because the responsibility is
overwhelming say the world fundamentally
is a tragic place right it's a place in
which each of us is broken and it's
contaminated by the ever-present reality
of
trail and malevolence and to shoulder
the responsibility first for even
admitting to that and second for
assuming that you are duty-bound let's
say to do something about that well
that's a task that anyone who has his or
her eyes open should be leery of
accepting and I would say well perhaps
there's no credible reason for accepting
it except that every other alternative
is worse and so that's a brutal fact so
the antidote to collectivism is
individualism but it's not the
individualism of the privileged person
with rights it's the terrible burden of
the individual who determines that he or
she will shoulder their responsibility
to that most so I developed that idea in
maps of meaning that and I made a lot of
lectures about that look many of which
are on YouTube some of which have become
widely viewed I would say by hundreds of
thousands of people now and so that's
and that course always had a dramatic
effect on my students and their most
typical comment there's two classes of
typical comments that I got from
students about my maps of meaning
courses it's the same comments that I
get from people now when they come and
talk to me about my lectures the first
comment is and this is about maybe a
quarter of the people is that watching
the lectures are taking the course
enabled them to put words to things they
knew they knew but didn't know how to
say and so and that's fine because that
was an explicit purpose of the writing
and the course and the second is that it
helped people straighten out their lives
and that's also not that surprising to
me because a lot of what I integrated
