[Music]
hello Vancouver thank you hello all
right so we have an interesting
situation here obviously this is part
two and a few of you were here for what
took place last night
we are going to find a way to catch you
all up pretty quick on what took place
but before we do that I thought it might
make sense to talk to you about where we
are in this discussion and why it
matters and it matters not just for
those of us on stage but it matters very
much for you all in the audience the
point is basically this we've arrived at
a place in history where the sense
making apparatus that usually helps us
figure out what to think about things
has obviously begun to come apart
the political parties the the
universities journalism all of these
things have stopped making sense an
alternative sense making networks have
begun to rise and the one that we end up
being a part of seems to be beating the
odds with respect to staying alive and
being a vibrant part of the conversation
but that depends on something it depends
on our ability to upgrade what we can
discuss and navigate and Sam and Jordan
have run afoul of each other in the past
as you all know and so our ability to
upgrade the conversations such that
they're able to to find common ground
and for us to move forward together is
potentially very important a very
important upgrade now that upgrade in
the modern era includes you all because
our conversation and your conversations
are all now linked through the internet
so the ground rules for tonight involve
you not filming what takes place on
stage tonight and the reason for that is
because what takes place on stage
tonight has consequences and the freer
that Sam and Jordan feel to use new
tools to try out positions that maybe
they haven't explored before the more
likely we are to succeed so please don't
film but that does not mean that we
don't
you talking about what was discussed
here tonight in fact we're very excited
to see what you all make of this
conversation and where it heads so in an
effort to to get you up to speed on
where we got yesterday and I think the
evidence is strong we all felt and the
discussion online suggests that we
actually accomplished quite a bit
yesterday that we made headway in an
effort to attempt to keep that momentum
going but we are going to do is we are
going to have Sam and Jordan Steelman
each other's points from last night so
that you can hear what that sounds like
now for those of you who have ever tried
steel Manning somebody's point with whom
you have a severe disagreement you know
just how hard this is so let's give them
some leeway Sam would you be willing to
start sure sure yeah thank you okay well
first let me just make the the obvious
point that that probably isn't so
obvious unless you take the time to put
yourself in our shoes but just imagine
how surreal it is for us to be who we
are simply having a conversation about
ideas and to be able to put a date on
the calendar and have all of you show up
for this it's just an amazing privilege
and thank you for coming out
so so here is what I think Jordan things
I'm getting wrong I think that was
grammatically correct maybe there's
another note in there but clearly I
don't understand how valuable stories
are how deep they go the degree to which
stories encode not only the wisdom of
our ancestors but quite possibly the
wisdom born of the hard knocks of
evolution of the species right so
there's no telling how deep the
significance of the information encoded
in stories goes and there's a class of
stories that are religious stories and
they're religious for a reason because
they're dealing with the the deepest
questions in human life they're
questions about what constitutes a good
life what's worth living for what's
worth dying for these are things that if
each individual just thrust from on to
the stage of his own life
not knowing where he is and tasked with
figuring out how to live all on his own
or even in a in a collection of others
who are similarly unguided by ancient
wisdom that this is not knowledge we can
we can recapitulate for ourselves easily
and so we we edit or ignore the these
ancient stories at our peril at some
minimum at some considerable risk
because we don't know how much we don't
really know what baby is in the bath
water and so we should have immense
respect for these traditions and the
this is well this is have to be
discovered tonight I'm still not quite
clear about how this links up with with
more metaphysical propositions about the
origins of these of certain of these
stories but at minimum
my criticism of religion because it
tends to focus on the the most obvious
case of zero-sum contest between
religious dogmatism and you know
scientific open-ended discussion is
doesn't address this core issue of the
significance of religious thinking and
religious narrative because I am for the
most part just shooting fish in a barrel
criticizing fundamentalists and the kind
of God that the fundamentalists believe
in the God who's an invisible person who
hates homosexuals obviously that's not
the the deep the deepest version of
these religious this or this what is a
narrative technology for orient in human
life in the cosmos so maybe I'll leave
it there but that's I think what Jordan
things
before you steal man Sam's point how did
you feel about his encapsulation of
yours know what I mean well I got a
couple of things to say about it it's
like first of all I think it was
accurate concise fair I also think that
this is a more technical note in some
sense is that if if you ever want to
think about something that's exactly
what you have to do right you want to
take arguments that are against your
perspective and you want to make them as
strong as you possibly can so that you
can fortify your arguments against them
you don't want to make them weak because
that just makes you weak and so you know
Sam and I are both scientists and it
really is the case that what scientists
are trying to do and I think what we're
actually trying to do in this
conversation genuinely is to try to find
out if there's something that we're
thinking that's stupid you know because
when when I'm laying out the arguments
that Sam just summarized so well I've
tried to generate a bunch of opposition
to them in my own imagination and their
arguments I put forward are ones I can't
undermine but that doesn't mean they're
right it doesn't mean that at all and so
if someone comes along who's and this is
certainly the case if you're a scientist
who's worth his or her salt if someone
comes along and says hey look you've
made a mistake in this fundamental
proposition it's like yes great that
means I can make progress towards a more
solid theory of being so and that's what
we're trying to do and I do think it's
working and so I thought that was just
fine
exactly dead-on and I hope I can do
justice to your position as well so okay
so I'm gonna summarize Sam's argument
briefly and then I'm gonna tell them
late late let you guys know why he
thinks I'm things of what things I'm not
taking into account so Sam believes that
there are two fundamental dangers to
psychological and social stability
religious fundamentalism essentially on
the right and moral relativism and
nihilism on the left and so the danger
of the right wing position is that it
enables people to arbitrarily establish
certain revealed axioms as indisputable
truths and then
to tyrannize themselves and other people
with the claims that those are divine
revelations and he sees that as part of
the danger of religious fundamentalism
and maybe religious thinking in general
but also is something that characterizes
secular totalitarian states that also
has a religious aspect so that's on the
right and then on the left well the
problem with the with the moral
relativism nihilism position is that it
leaves us with no orientation and it
also flies in the face of common sense
observations that there are ways to live
that are bad and that there are ways to
live that are good that people can
generally agree on and that statements
about those general agreements about how
to live can be considered factual now so
and and then the next part of Sam's
argument is that we require a value
system that allows us to escape these
twin dangers one stultified us and the
other leaves us hopeless let's say and
that value system has to be grounded in
something real and the only thing that
he can see that actually constitutes
real in any provable sense and there's a
certain amount of historical and
conceptual weight behind this claim is
the domain of empirical facts as they've
been manifested in the sciences and
technologies that have made us
incredibly powerful and increasingly
able to flourish in the world and so we
need to ground our value propositions in
something that we've been able to
determine has genuine solidity to so
that we can so that we can orient
ourselves properly so that we can make
moral claims and that we can avoid these
to in dangers we can begin with some
basic facts that we can identify as I
mentioned breathe briefly what
constitutes a bad life endless pain
suffering anxiety tremendous amount of
negative emotions short term lifespan
all the things that no one would choose
voluntarily for themselves if if we
would all agree that they were thinking
in a healthy manner and we can contrast
that sort of domain of horror with the
good life which might involve while
certainly freedom from privation and
want and undue threat and anxiety and
hope for the future and all of that and
that we can agree that those are poles
good bad and good and that that's a
factual claim so he Sam also claims that
we can define the good life this is an
extension of it with reference to
flourishing and well-being and that that
can actually be measured
we should and can't inform the idea of
flourishing and well-being with
empirical data having said all that he
also leaves
what would a domain of inquiry open that
would be centered on the possibility
that some of the ideas that have been
encapsulated in religious phenomenology
if not in religious dogma might be worth
pursuing as well that there might be
wisdom that can practically be applied
in terms of perception to to spiritual
practices although those become danger
when dangerous increasingly dangerous as
they become ensconced in dogma and so
that's Sam's position and then his
criticism of my ideas he would say that
it's facts not stories that constitute
the ground for the proper science of
well-being and that we don't need to be
connected to stories ancient stories in
particular to thrive and the reason for
that are that these ancient stories are
pathological in certain details
especially in the specific claims they
make up which which look outrageous in
some sense from a modern moral
perspective and he believes that it's
hand-waving to ignore those specific
topics and with a you know with of what
would you call it an optimistic overview
of the entire context that they're
they're dangerously outdated now if they
ever were useful that they're subject to
too many potential interpretations for
any modern usage to be reliably derived
and so he believes that attempts to
interpret these stories let's say are
rife with so many potential errors of
bias and interpretation and subjectivity
that all the interpretations in some
sense are unreliable and perhaps equally
unreliable that they're dated that worse
than that not only are they unreliable
but they're dangerous insofar as the
claims they lay out are pose a threat to
scientific and enlightenment values
which are the true saviors of humanity
as evidenced by our progress let's say
over the last two or three hundred years
and that they're also susceptible to the
totalitarian interpretation
which I described earlier which confer
upon the interpreter a sense of and then
a claim to revealed truth and so I would
say that Sam's argument and his and his
criticisms of my position so ok so you
write my next book I'll write yours
Sam how do you feel about that
characterization of your position
certainly close enough to get the
conversation started I mean there's a
few the grounding stuff where we have
yet to talk about and I'm not as I'm not
as much a stickler for materialistic
scientific empiricism as I heard implied
there but we can we can come okay so
hold on yep I think from the point of
view of the audience this is a this is a
good barometer of where we got to last
night and I think actually the gains are
really impressive which I have to say is
spooking me because of something called
regression to the mean now if I catch
either one of you regressing to the mean
tonight I will hunt you down and I will
ridicule you on Twitter tomorrow so you
have been warned okay all right so do
either one of you want to now talk about
what was missing from the other
characterization or how do you want to
move I think we should touch this issue
of metaphorical truth because I think it
still gets that the distance between us
sure and say and it's and happily yeah
this is your phrase that you have you
might want to do you want to prop up
this phrase why not so the idea of
metaphorical truth which I think
actually is the reconciliation between
at least the points that you guys each
started out with is the idea that there
are concepts which are literally false
that we can falsify in a scientific
rational sense but that if you behave as
if they were true you come out ahead of
where you were if you behave according
to the fact that they are false and so
to call these things simply false is an
error in effect the universe has left
them true in some sense other than a
purely literal one and so
religions would then according to
actually what you heard from both Sam
and Jordan religions would fall into
this class of things these are
encapsulations of stories and
prescriptions that if you follow them
irrespective of whether they literally
describe the universe you end up with
advantages that you may not know why
they are there but nonetheless you you
are ahead of your you you're ahead of
your position if you were to navigate
just simply on your your perceptions
that's the concept yes I think there's a
good analogy that you and I stumbled
onto after we did a podcast together you
had a an analogy about a porcupine that
could shoot its quills which many people
balked at but a listener gave us a
better one which was the idea that
anyone has worked with guns at all must
have heard this admonishment to treat
every gun as if it is loaded right and
you actually when I last night when I
allege that you believed in God you
corrected me said no you live as if God
exists right and so this seems like
there's a connection here so if you're
if you know if I had a gun here that I
wanted to show Brett if I know anything
about guns I'm going to make damn sure
that it's unloaded right I'm going to
pull back the slide I'm going to drop
the magazine pull back the slide check
the chamber and do this in a redundant
fashion that that really looks like I'm
suffering from obsessive-compulsive
disorder maybe it is truly redundant and
then I'll hand it to Brad and if Brett
knows anything about guns he will do the
same thing having just seen me do it and
if he hands it back to me again I will
do the same thing even though there may
be no ammunition around right so it
really is crazy at the level of our
explicit knowledge of a situation and
yet absolutely necessary to do and it's
it's not merely its it runs very deep I
mean I would have bent that whole time
you you're careful not to point the
barrel of the gun at anything you would
be afraid to shoot and when people fail
to live this way around guns they with
some unnerving frequency actually shoot
themselves or people close to them by
accident so it is really the only proper
hedge against just the the odds of being
in proximity to loaded weapons and yet
if someone in the middle of this
operation came up to us and said you
know actually there's a casino that just
opened across the street that will take
your bets about whether or not guns are
loaded would you like to bet a million
dollars as to whether or not this gun is
loaded well of course I would bet those
million dollars every time that it's not
loaded because I know it's not loaded
right so there's there's a there's a
literal truth and a a metaphorical truth
well you know otherwise known as a very
useful fiction which in this case is
actually more useful than the truth
right but the only way I can understand
its utility is and and even utter the
phrase metaphorical truth in a way
that's comprehensible is in the context
of distinguishing it from literal truth
and yep
this is fascinating Sam actually this is
this is I think next Jason I'm a little
worried by how excited you are about
this so I have a little story that might
be helpful about that and so on you
could you could tell me what what you
think about okay think about this okay
so so one of the things that I've been
reconsidering since we talked last night
is is the nature of our dispute about
the relationship between facts and
values because I I think I can make a
case that what I've been trying to do
especially in my first book was to
ground values in facts but I'm not doing
it the same way that you are exactly so
so I don't want to make that a point of
contention so and I'll get to that in a
moment but with regards to this metaphor
truth let me tell you something you tell
me what you think about this so one of
the things that's been observed by
anthropologists worldwide is that human
beings tend to make sacrifices so I'm
gonna spend two minutes three minutes
laying out a sacrificial story and the
reason I want to do it is because see
what I think happened with regards to
the origin of these profound stories is
that people first started to behave in
certain ways that had survival
significance and that was selected for
and as a consequence of the standard
selection practices and so that was
instantiated in behavior and then
because we can observe ourselves because
we're self-conscious creatures that we
started to make representations of those
patterns and dramatize them and then
encapsulate them in stories so it's a
bottom up from from me so it would be
sort of like chimpanzees or wolves
become aware of their dominance
hierarchy structures and the strategies
that they use so a wolf for example if
two wolves are having a dominance
dispute one the wolf that gives up first
lays down puts his neck open so the
other wolf can tear it out and then the
other wolf doesn't and you could say
well it's as if a wolf is following a
rule about not killing a weaker member
of the pack of course wolves don't have
rules they have behavioral patterns but
a self-conscious wolf would watch what
the Wolves were doing and then say well
it's as if we're acting out the idea
