hello everyone apologies for the delay I
hope this is all working I'm taking
questions from patreon people today so
there's 841 questions ready to go so
hopefully I'm up to this
what should teaching and research in the
humanities look like I'm going to grad
school for literature and I don't want
my work to serve ideological possession
well the thing is first of all is that
you kind of have to educate yourself
when you go to graduate school you know
you have your courses but I don't think
that you learn more than about 10% of
what graduate school can teach you by
taking the courses you have to read and
the mistake that most people read is
make is that they only read what's being
published in the last five or six years
in their own narrow field and that's
increasingly a bad idea
the libraries are full of classic books
and I would say take your field go back
to the beginning of the field at least
read the people who wrote the classic
works bring yourself up to date and then
familiarize yourself with as much
history as much history of art as much
history of literature and literature as
you can possibly manage you want to
learn as much as you can about
everything I would also say you have two
li that with a certain degree of
specialization you have to pick one
topic and really become expert at it but
it'll serve as a doorway to because
everything's connected it'll serve as a
doorway to what's behind it so you focus
on one thing and read as much as you can
on that that's your specific discipline
then outside of that read as widely as
you possibly can manage the other thing
I would really recommend and this is
also true if you're going to university
is it isn't enough to read you also have
to write and if you're gonna go to
graduate school you should write
everyday it's a good idea for anyone who
wants to develop themselves
intellectually but even half an hour a
day you know that's a hundred and eighty
hours a year that's a lot of thinking
because writing is thinking and you
should be writing out your understanding
of what you wrote or what you read and
the questions you have about it and
trying to formulate what you regard as
clear questions and problems and also
clear answers both of those and that's
how I would say you should approach
graduate school have you thought about
slowing down there are people worried
about how hard you're pushing yourself
with
the countless commitments yes well I
would say that those people worried
about that include I don't know if it's
me but certainly my family they're
worried about it but I'm putting
competent people around me increasingly
to handle the scheduling of the public
events for example and I have good
agents and a good publisher and I'm
learning how to manage this I think I've
I'm not really interested I suppose and
slowing down although it has been a bit
much in the last year and a half I I do
better in some ways when I'm working
flat out if my health was good it's
better than it was by a large margin and
maybe it's still getting better if my
health was good this none of this would
be an overwhelming challenge but I'm
trying to do everything I can to put my
health in order and many many things
have been fixed so yeah I thought about
slowing down but I've decided against it
I guess is really the final answer to
that that's the other thing you know
there are times in your life where it's
not time to slow down it's time to
become more efficient that's the thing
you can become so efficient you know you
end up doing things in five minutes that
would otherwise take you a week might
that might seem like an exaggeration but
and I suppose it is to some degree but
it's not that much of an exaggeration so
as you take on more responsibilities and
you determine that you're going to
become more efficient the responsibility
pushes the efficiency so what do they
say - there's time enough to sleep when
you're in the grave
many who respect your work feel your
tweets are often impulsive or even
expedient very funny in certain
interactions would you consider a change
in the way you tweet well I've been
considering that for a very long time
one of the things I did in the last
month which that I think was productive
Twitter's a hard dishearten to manage
because it rewards impulsivity and I
have somewhat of a temper and I suspect
that it's maybe I'm more susceptible to
being to being tempted to respond in a
too forceful manner maybe I'm more
tempted by that then I should be but
Twitter is really useful I mean it does
keep me updated with regards to the
ongoing let's say war that's raging at
the bottom of our culture and it doesn't
able me to stay in contact with people
at least to some degree and it's a great
way of communicating small but at least
in principle important ideas and also to
let people know about what I'm doing on
YouTube and with the tours and and all
of that people seem to respond
positively to those sorts of
notifications so what I did do in the
last month was to find people I tweeted
out one day I asked people to send me
the Twitter handles of organizations or
individuals who were reporting on
positive developments in a credible and
realistic way human progress org seems
to be doing that really well I thought
it would be good to tilt my Twitter feed
toward or to my Twitter actions towards
things that are positive and also true
as much as possible and so I've started
doing that in the last month I feel
somewhat of an obligation
- if I'm being discussed publicly by
journalists or or other professors and
they misrepresent me or misrepresent the
ideas that they're purporting to discuss
then I feel like I have a moral
obligation - I suppose one is to defend
myself I suppose and certainly to object
to the MIS utilization of ideas by my
fellow academics I don't know if that's
uh I don't know if that's reasonable or
not it's not easy to figure out in a
situation like this how much you shut up
how much you stay patient how much you
push back how much you fight how how
firmly you respond whether or not to use
wit I mean the rule I tried to outline
in in my book twelve rules for life
there's a chapter called don't let your
children do anything that makes you
dislike them and there's a philosophy of
discipline in there and and it really
has two dimensions let's say or two it's
it's at the juncture of two ideas one
idea is that you don't want to make any
more rules than necessary because you
get tangled up in them so minimum
necessary rules that's a good guideline
for setting up any structure even in
dealing with yourself and then if you're
going to have rules you have to enforce
them because otherwise they're not rules
and so how do you enforce them with
minimal necessary force and some of that
has to be played with you know and
experimented with so you know at minimal
force is those are really good
principles and I try to govern myself by
them in my Twitter behavior but and I
hope that that's successful
you know sometimes when I've gone after
people I went after a couple of
journalists in Canada last year who
wrote I would what I would regard as
scurrilous and incompetent articles
that's a bad combination and you know it
was kind of a harsh exchange I would say
but it isn't clear that it was the wrong
thing to do
so it's hard to know how much you have
to skirt the ragged edge of disaster if
you want to do things right so anyways I
am changing the way I tweet because I'm
trying to make it the bulk of it
informative and positive I guess I
should say something about that too you
know there's a lot of really good things
going on in the world so we have poverty
absolute poverty between the year 2000
and 2012 which was three years ahead of
what the UN had hoped would happen you
know in cynics say well you have
absolute poverty and but the cutoff was
kind of arbitrary it was a dollar ninety
a day if I remember correctly which
obviously is quite low so it's not a
real transformation it's like it's a
real transformation some number had to
be picked to represent absolute poverty
and I don't suspect the UN erred on the
side of capitalist over optimism perhaps
they did but hundreds of thousands of
people are being connected to the power
grid every day fresh waters available
not to fewer and fewer people but to
more and more people and that's
happening extremely rapid rapidly no
starvation in India and China is a thing
completely of the past you never hear
about that and that's pretty much the
case for the rest of the world except
now and then for political reasons so
you know everybody's got a cell phone or
an and anybody who doesn't is gonna have
one in the next 10 years and that puts
in people's hands a degree of
communication and access that would have
been absolutely incomprehensible even 15
years ago
so it seems to me that the reason to
that I changed it seemed to me that it
was worthwhile to change the way that I
was using Twitter because all these good
things are happening and just
concentrating on this polarization
process that seems to have gripped us in
the West seems counterproductive given
all those good things that are going on
in the background now that doesn't make
what's going on in the West with regards
to political polarization trivial but it
does set it inside a much more positive
context so that's something to keep in
mind
whatever clients need for autonomy /
identity in therapy they would prefer
that which is meaningful and therefore
under the under their control is this
not unhealthy hmm I'm not exactly sure
how to meet what to make of that
question well first of all let's try
whatever clients need for autonomy
identity in therapy that's paramount I
mean in again in my book and in Chapter
nine assume the person that you're
listening to knows something you don't
that's so that you can learn something
maybe because you need to learn
something because like what do you know
in therapy I don't think that if you're
a good therapist you try to take
responsibility for the decisions that
your clients make like you don't take
that decision-making onto yourself
because you have to adopt a position of
radical ignorance no a person is sitting
across from you and this is the true
true of every person you know a person
is sitting across from you and they
don't understand themselves but you
really don't understand them and if
you're a therapist or maybe even if
you're a friend or a partner for that
matter the person wants help and so
something's wrong as far as they are
concerned and there might be some way to
fix it that's your initial starting
place I would say and both you have to
kind of agree on that in a
psychotherapeutic situation well but you
don't know what's wrong you know you
know something's wrong because the
person is upset enough to come and seek
counseling so they want to set their
life right but you have no idea what's
wrong you don't know anything about the
way they think or what what they value
or what their past is or or how or what
they're what they're like
physiologically or what their
temperament is like or or what how
things are going in their relationships
or what their career is like you just
the things you don't know about that
person man it's it's intersectionality
gone mad I can tell you that
and so you got to listen and let the
persons tell you what it is that's wrong
as if you don't know because you don't
know and and so and you have to ask
questions of clarification and but you
always have to remember not only do you
not know what's wrong maybe the person
doesn't know what's wrong it's highly
probable they know that something's
wrong but they don't know exactly what
and they certainly don't know what
caused it and so you got to listen
radically and clarify and ask questions
and make sure you're not confused so
that you do understand and maybe you can
help the person start to understand what
they're talking about or thinking about
just talking in thinking are very much
the same thing and then then well maybe
you get some sense of what's wrong and
maybe some sense of how it came about
god only knows how long that'll take
and then the next thing you have to
figure out is well what would a solution
look like
like even hypothetically what does the
person want and and do they know what
they want and if they don't know what
they want then how can you help them
figure out what they want and how do you
help them figure out what they need and
how do you help them admit to that and
all of that and so that's a boatload of
listening there again you know and it's
the same in every relationship that you
have if you try to foster that person's
development you want to find out well
what's wrong in their lives and you know
but they have to figure that out because
they're the ones that they're the ones
that will have to bear the
responsibility for the decisions so you
don't want to take that onto yourself
it's like well I don't want to tell you
what to do because I don't know what you
should do like we can both agree that
you should move toward what's better for
you and hopefully for the people around
you because we would include that in the
definition of better right because
otherwise it's not sustainable but we
have to talk forever to find out what
that is and you have to be you have to
be very incautious to think that you can
make decisions for someone it's an
arrogant move and it's an ill-advised
move and you shouldn't do it if you're
properly terrified of your errors
because well again I'll repeat
you're not the one that's going to have
to take responsibility for the decisions
they are so it has to be left in their
hands and so so autonomy it's everything
in a clinical practice no that doesn't
mean that you can't help a person
strategize you know you might say well
as you're moving towards some
formulation of the problem you might say
well here's five things that it might be
or here's a list of things that might be
bothering you or you know you can make
suggestions but they can't be baited
suggestions either you can't overweight
the one you hope they'll choose you know
again it's it's incautious a lot of this
I would say I learned well from thinking
about it but also from reading Carl
Rogers I'd really recommend Carl Rogers
you know he was a smart guy when it came
to listening you can really learn a lot
from and and he was also smart in how we
outlined the clients need for autonomous
development and that's the development
of the individual so any update on your
plans to start providing independent
classes or an online university well I'm
working with some young people right now
who are very very smart and the first
thing we're we're gonna build modules by
the looks of things
each module hopefully will stand alone
because then we can test them instead of
launching like a whole University which
seems to be a crazy thing to do we're
gonna make independent modules for
different purposes and then launch them
probably as quasi independent products
let's say to see if there's a demand for
them so the one we're working right now
on right now and I'm not gonna say too
much about it is a competitive writing
module where you'll be able to look at
paragraphs and paragraphs that other
people have written of a variety of
sorts now I don't think I'll tell you
about that I better wait so anyways
we're going to write a competitive
writing module and because one of the
big problems the biggest problems that
has to be solved for any online
university is how do you teach people to
write because you don't want the
university just to be lectures and
multiple-choice tests even though
that could be done with some degree of
reasonable competence mostly what you
want when you educate people is to
educate them not so much into like
factual knowledge but intellectual skill
they have to be able to speak so we'll
need a speaking module and they have to
be able to think and we'll have to
develop exercises that are relevant to
critical thinking writing is a big part
of that so and they have to be able to
read and so those are the big problems
to solve and then the other problem for
an online university is accreditation
obviously we've got some ideas about
that and also what you do with regards
to the social element because that's a
huge part of university is to develop an
intellectual peer group right that's
really an important part in you it's not
going to be easy to replace that online
because you know the relationships that
people make in college often last well
they can last for decades or maybe they
can last a lifetime for that matter but
it's a place where you can eliezer adult
identity and the peers that you pick are
a big part of that of course some of the
peers that you pick when you go to
university should be the great people of
the past that's really what university
is for is to make them in some sense
your peers now that you know that's
pushing it because you have to do a lot
of work before they become peers anyways
we're definitely working on this um the
part of the problem is is that I'm it's
hard it's what's the problem I'm doing
enough other things at the moment so
that finding the time to do this
credibly in addition is one of the major
challenges so I married young and have
had only one sexual partner now I desire
variety but value my marriage and will
not cheat any insight and overcoming
this conflict as a matter of fact yes I
would say get the variety with your
partner you know there's lots of
games you can play to spice up your
sexual life you know buy some lingerie
like buy a hundred pieces you know buy
something sexy for your partner to wear
maybe multiple things buy some buy
whatever you need that you might want to
experiment with you know I mean you have
to introduce that spirit of pretend play
that you had when you were a little kid
into your sexual life and then you have
many partners in the same person and you
put some thought into it you know I mean
sex is something that that sex is a
domain in which expertise can be
developed just like any other domain and
some of that's play and fantasy play and
all of that and some of its sexual
technique and and I guess then the other
thing I would say is take stock of each
other and see if there are things that
you could do in your life that would
make you more attractive to one another
you know those are hard questions
because no one wants to say well you
know I'd be more attracted to my wife
sexually if she just acted xwy and the
same with regards to how a wife's
contemplation of her husband but those
are the real questions man it's like if
your partner isn't acting in a manner
that is sexually attractive then either
there's something wrong with you or
there's something wrong with them and of
course I know people have ill health and
all of that I'm not talking about that
but those harsh judgments that your
sexual attraction makes are also very
useful ways of orienting yourself
