[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Applause]
I guess we're in Vancouver Wow all right
that is daunting so I hope you'll
indulge me here for a second
Jordan and Sam have given me the honor
of moderating this debate or discussion
depending on how you view it and I think
that actually creates a certain kind of
responsibility and I want to talk to you
about my responsibilities and how I see
it
and my respite sense of how you all have
responsibilities in this as well
I suspect that what's gonna happen
tonight is actually historical which
doesn't necessarily make it good there's
lots of bad history it could be good
though and that's what I'm hoping will
happen so the reason I say I think it's
historical is that we are existing in a
moment where all of the systems that
have helped us make sense are breaking
down the university systems are breaking
down journalism is breaking down and at
that same moment we have a network of
people who are trying to make sense in
an alternative way and I have to say I
think beating the odds for the moment so
here's the problem that network is not
entirely in agreement with itself about
some significant issues and Sam and
Jordan have some differences that have
proved very difficult
so what could happen tonight is we could
have some sort of a failure where things
get even more muddled we could tread
water where nothing gets clear maybe it
would be entertaining maybe it wouldn't
but best-case scenario is that we figure
out how to make sense of things that
have gotten in our way before and if
that happens then you all will leave
here and as you talk in your various
networks you will have something to say
about in what way we upgraded our
software so that we could talk more
deeply about difficult issues so to that
end we would ask the King not film
tonight's discussion and broadcast it
online
it's not that we want to hide this in
fact we encourage you to discuss it but
we would like to have all of us feel
maximally free to speak here to try out
positions that we haven't tried out
before in the hopes that we can get
somewhere new all right so
I think with that we will just put Sam
and Jordan to it and see if we can head
towards some of the discussions that
have proved difficult in the past I
think I'll just start by saying that
when we first had the idea to do this
now some months ago I'm getting a little
reverb here so if you can dial down
there's little feedback when Jordan and
I first decided to do an event together
it was after we did those somewhat
ill-fated podcasts and I joked that we
would probably need a safe word for this
event so that safe word as will come as
no surprise is lobster
so you'll know things are dire when one
of us says that but you know I just want
to express my motive for for helping to
stage these events and because I you
know I I reached out to Jordan and it
really was born of seeing him in
conversation with people other than
myself I saw him do a podcast with Joe
Rogan I saw him speak to Dave Rubin as
I'm speak with Brett on on Rogen's
podcast and I had so much admiration for
him in those conversations it's 90
percent of what he said in those
conversations struck me as really wise
and useful and well-intentioned and 10
percent didn't and but I noticed that it
was close
clear to me that that you've seen these
successful conversations with other
people who I respect I began to wonder
that you know I might be the problem and
I think I I think I am the problem I
think
well before you applaud maybe I didn't
mean that quite the way you took it I
think it's I think it's a good sort of
problem for Jordan to have because it's
what happens on those 10% moments and
and what doesn't happen that I think
made our conversation so hard and and I
think we there is stuff to clarify
between us so I look forward to doing
that and thank you Jordan for agreeing
to do this it's an honor to share the
stage with you and needless to say
having Brett as a moderator as a almost
obscene underestimation of the role he
should be playing on any stage because
he as you know he's been on my podcast
and that was one of the best
conversations I've ever had so thank you
for doing this
[Music]
all right so I'm gonna jump right into
it I think here so look this is I put up
a poll a couple of days ago to find out
what people broadly speaking might want
us to discuss and I've been taking a
look at that and I took a lot of notes
which is why I have my computer here by
the way on my phone it's not to check my
email well the debates going on the
discussion I thought what I might do is
just lay out some places that I think
Sam and I agree and because there's lots
of places we agree and so and then I
want to figure out where we disagree
which I've been trying to sort out and
then I want to see if we can hash it out
a little bit and and move forward on
that a bit so I'm going to lay out see
one of the things that Carl Rogers said
this psychic psychologist was that one
good way to have a discussion with
someone is to tell them what you think
they think until they think that what
you said reflects what they said but
look this is a really useful thing to
know if you're ever having a discussion
with an intimate partner for example is
that you have to put their argument back
to them in terms they agree with it's
very difficult so I'm going to try to do
that and so so the first thing is I
think I think that partly what's driving
you if this is accurate is that you want
to ground a structure of ethics in
something solid and and and there's two
there's two things you want to avoid two
catastrophes let's say one is the
catastrophe that you identified with
religious fundamentalism and the other
is the catastrophe that's associated
with moral relativism that is that
reasonable yeah that's good
okay good good okay well
okay so it's crucially it's crucially
important that we get this right now so
be and that's something that I think we
really agree on because I've
conceptualized that slightly different
than you and that might be relevant but
I think of that as a pathology of order
and a pathology of chaos so the
terminology is slightly different but I
think we're working on the same axis so
so so that's the first thing and then in
order to do that it seems to me that's
your first priority then maybe your
second priority is something like you
know you see undo suffering in the world
plenty of it and you would think that
things would be better if that wasn't
the case and that this morality whatever
it's going to be is at least going to
part ground itself in part on the
presupposition that the less undo
suffering in the world the better so is
that also reasonable yeah I would just
add to that the the positive side of the
continuum as well so as you know the
phrase I use though the word I use for
this is well-being yeah
and I know from having I don't think we
spoke about this on my podcast but from
having seen you in other interviews I I
think you think that phrase doesn't
capture everything one could reasonably
want but I think it does a mattress I've
you know it's an elastic suitcase term
for a reason and it's it's actually in
reading your book I realize there's a
point of contact here because you use
the word beam capital B beam with as
though it were imbued with significant
gravitas and so for me and I agree with
you that's an appropriate use of being
and for me well-being is simply just the
positive side of being you know there's
the negative side the suffering we want
to mitigate but I think I think however
good consciousness can be in this
universe that the well-being for me
subsumes all of those possibilities okay
well so what so I focused on the
suffering element I think as I've done
in my own work because I actually think
it's easier to zero in on in some sense
like I think it's easier for people and
I think you lay out the argument in the
moral landscape kind of like this I
think
it's easier perhaps to gain initial
agreement between people on what might
constitute a generalized ethic to
concentrate on what we don't want yeah
I'm not saying that what we do want is
unimportant but it seems to me to be
harder to get a grip on we don't want
our swift's we don't want the Gulag
Archipelago
so and and there are those and I would
add to just closing the door to moral
relativism here those who do want
outwits are wrong to want auschwitz
obviously it's only happened because
some people did want now it's not the
victims side but the perpetrator side
and so crucially for me is the claim
that I'm a realist I'm a moral realist
and what realism means is that it's
there that there are right and wrong
answers to questions of this kind and
and and you can not know what you're
missing in fact we almost certainly
don't know what we're missing on
questions of human value and that and
our job is to discover just how good
life can be and just what variables are
making it needlessly horrible and to to
mitigate all of that and live in a in a
better and better world ok ok ok so
that's a that's a that's a lot of points
of agreement so I also believe that
there is a catastrophe of of arbitrary
moral injunction and that there's a
catastrophe of moral relativism and that
that that has to be dealt with and that
there are genuine differences between
the proper way of behaving more lien and
the improper way of behaving morally and
I think that they are grounded in human
universals even though there's a wide
amount of variation so that that's a lot
of points of agreement right so we know
that there's two things we want to avoid
we conceptually speaking which is the
moral relativism and this kind of moral
absolutism that's grounded in an
arbitrary statement of facts that you
identify with religious fundamentalism I
would identify that with fundal it
fundamentalism more generally not not
with religious fundamentalism per se
because I see it also having happening
in secular states let's say like not too
many or so it doesn't seem to be
religious fundamentalism per se that's
crucial to your
argument no it's not it's a so that just
to close the loop on that the only
reason why I would focus on religion in
particular there is that religion is the
only language game where in
fundamentalism and of dogmatism where
dogmatism is not a pejorative concept
the dogma is a good word in specifically
within Catholicism and the notion that
you must believe things on faith that is
in the absence of compelling evidence it
would otherwise cause a rational person
to believe it that you know religious
context is considered a feature not a
bug
elsewhere we recognize it to be a bug
and that's that's why so it all right so
is it reasonable to assume that the
associate we've already established at
least in principle that there's an
association between the totalitarian
regimes let's say and dogmatism yeah and
the dogmatism that characterizes
religious belief what do you think
although at least in principle the the
secularists totalitarian states and the
religious fundamentalist totalitarian
states do differ in one important regard
which is that the religious types ground
their axioms in God and the secular
totalitarian types don't and so there's
got to be something about
totalitarianism per se that's
independent of that's associated with
religious belief in the matter that you
just described but that's not
particularly associated with the belief
in God there's something that makes them
that's a commonality between them and so
do you have any sense of what that might
be well I would I think one has to
acknowledge that there's something
uniquely pernicious at least potentially
about religious beliefs because they
they have the the otherworldly variable
the supernatural variable the you're
going to get everything you want after
you die so this life doesn't matter
issue that right that allows for kind of
misbehavior that is especially okay so
so it seems that so that the claim would
be that if you if you
put forward axiomatically your claim
that God exists then you can use that
claim to justify whatever arbitrary
atrocities your system might throw off
yeah but the only point I was making
there is that not all dogmas are created
equal but some dogmas are on their face
more dangerous and more devices right
but what I'm curious about specifically
is because it seems to me that the
dogmas of the USSR and the dogmas of
Nazi Germany were as pernicious as any
religious dogmas and and they may also
share important features with your
Nicias religious lives but it isn't
clear to me from your perspective what
those commonalities would be well so I
mean in some ways your recapitulated in
an argument I've made and this is an
argument that I would make against you
were you to claim as you've had you have
elsewhere that that atheism is
responsible for the greatest atrocities
of the 20th century the idea that
Stalinism and Nazism and fascism were
expressions of atheism simply doesn't
make any sense maybe in the case of
fascism and Nazism it doesn't make any
sense because the fascists and the Nazis
by and large were not even atheist emiru
Hitler wasn't it a theist and he was
talking about executing a divine plan
and he got lots of support from the
churches and the Vatican did nothing to
stop them and fascism as you know
coexisted quite happily with Catholicism
in Croatia and Portugal and Spain and
Italy so but even in the case of Stalin
what was so wrong with that
situation was where all the ways in
which it's so resembled a religion you
had a personality cult you had dogmatism
that held sway to a point where apostasy
and blasphemy were killing offenses you
know the people who didn't toe the line
were eradicated and you know so and
North Oh to take a more modern example
North Korea is a religious cult it just
doesn't happen to be a one that is
focused on the next life or you know
supernatural claims so what we magic the
folk okay so what would be the defining
characteristics of a religious total
pterri movement that would make it
different from a non-religious
totalitarian movement because there's
aspects that are similar yeah they may
be they're very similar but the problem
is dogmatism the overarching problem is
believing things strongly on bad
evidence and B and the reason why
dogmatism is so dangerous is that it is
it doesn't allow us to revise our bad
ideas in real time through conversation
it is it that dog must have to be
enforced by force or the threat of force
because the moment someone has a better
idea you have to shut it down in order
to preserve your dog okay okay so so the
commonality seems to be something like
claims of absolute truth at some level
that can't be that you're no longer
allowed to discuss yeah okay and so okay
so that's another point of agreement
then I would say because part of the
reason that I've been let's say a free
speech advocate although I don't think
that's the right way of thinking about
it is because I think of free discourse
like the discourse that we're engaged in
as the mechanism that corrects
totalitarian excess or dogmatic excess
and so I also think that systems of
governance that are laying themselves
out properly have to eval it have to
elevate the process by which dogmatic
errors are corrected over the dogmas
themselves which is why I think the
Americans are right say with regard to
their first amendment is the process of
free speech is the process by which
dogmatic errors are rectified and so it
has to be put at the pinnacle of the
hierarchy of values I think you and I
totally agree about the primacy of free
speech okay okay good okay so that's
another fine
[Applause]
okay so then we could think there's one
point that we should just lock in our
games here it sounds like what you're
saying is that the reason to fear
religious dogma is really on the dogma
side and not the religion side which at
least leaves open the possibility that
something could exist over on the
religion side that doesn't have that
characteristic right that often they
travel in tandem but the thing to fear
is not the religious belief it is the
dogmatic nature of the way it is yeah
well the other way to say that is the
only thing that's wrong with the
religion is the dogmatism if you get rid
of the door I've got no problem with the
buildings and the music and the and the
paintings and wait wait no that wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute
that's not a trivial that's not a
trivial point and it's not just a joke
because the buildings and the music are
very important parts of the religious
process and so I know I know there's a
humorous element to that but it's not
like Sam is throwing out the baby with
the bathwater there and to go further
than that I've got no problem in fact
I'm deeply interested in the
phenomenology of spiritual experience so
so whatever experience someone like
Jesus had whoever he was historically or
any of the other major arts and
patriarchs of the world's religions
though that that phenomenology is is
subjectively real I mean that it's
diverse I'm not saying everyone's had
the same experience but there are
changes in consciousness that explain
both how religions have gotten founded
by their their founders and the
experiences people have had in the
presence of those people or by continued
following their methodologies that seem
to be confirming of the dogmas that got
that grew up around those traditions and
my issue is that whatever is true about
us spiritually whatever opportunity
being born to this universe actually
presents as a matter of consciousness
spiritually that truth has to be deeper
than accidents of culture and just mere
historical contingency is the fact that
somebody was born and
in Mesopotamia and not in China and got
a different language game and so
whatever is true there has to be
understood in universal terms about the
nature human psychology and and the
human mind okay so so another thing that
that I wanted to just point out
obliquely and then I want to return to
outlining maybe where we agree is that
one of the things that was really
shocking to me I would say was the the
my reading of what was originally Jane
Goodall's discovery about chimp behavior
you know because there is this idea that
was really rooted in Rousseau Ian's
thinking that the reason that people
committed atrocities in the service of
their group identity let's say their
tribal identity was because culture had
corrupted us so it was this uniquely
human thing but then of course Goodall
