[Music]
[Music]
all right so the last time I was here
many of you were as well we got halfway
through the story of Jacob and I've been
digging underneath the story
sporadically since then to try to find
out whether other themes are being
developed and I've got some things that
I think are really interesting to talk
about so so we'll get right into it so
I'm gonna review a little bit first so
we were talking about Jacob and I'll
read eight his biography a little bit so
that we can place ourselves in the
proper context before we go on so his
mother Rebecca gave birth to twins and
the twins even in her womb were
struggling for although they were
struggling and of course the story is
that they were struggling for dominance
the older are the younger against the
older really because Jacob Jacob means
usurper and Rebecca had a what would you
call a vision from God that said that
Jacob would supplant Esau and so even
before her twins were born they were in
a state of competition and that's a
recapitulation of the motif of the
hostile brothers right it's a very very
very common mythological motif and we we
already saw that really well developed
in the story of Cain and Abel right and
Cain and Abel were essentially the first
two human beings the first two natural
born human beings and they were
instantly locked in a state of enmity
which is symbolic of first the enmity
that exists within people's psyche
between the part of them you might say
that's aiming at the light and the part
of them that's aiming at the darkness
and I think that's a reasonable way of
portraying it obviously it's a way that
sort of rife with symbolism but my
experience of people especially when you
get to know them seriously or when
they're dealing with serious issues is
that there is quite clearly a part of
them that's striving to do well in the
world or even to do good and another
part that's deeply sinned
and embittered that that says to hell
with it and is self-destructive and
lashes out and really aims at making
things worse and so that seems to be a
natural part of the human psyche and
that's also reflected in the the idea of
the fall and so those ideas are not
easily cast away they're associated with
the rise of self-consciousness right and
in the story of the Garden of Eden and I
think that's right because I do think
that our self-consciousness produces
that division within us because more
than any other creature were intensely
aware of our finitude and suffering and
that tends to turn us at least to some
degree against being itself you know I
was watching a bunch of protesters in
the US last week scream out the sky
about Trump you know and it was
interesting like I thought it was an
extraordinarily narcissistic display but
but despite that there was something
symbolically appropriate about it
I also there's a movie I really like
sadly enough called fubar I don't know
how many of you have seen that yeah you
know that movie I take it yeah it's
about the people I grew up with so yeah
that's true man I'm telling you that's
true so the the guy the main actor in
fubar who's quite bright but completely
uncivilized gets testicular cancer and
there's one great scene where he gets
far too drunk and he's stumbling around
the street you know in in a virtually
comatose state and of course he's not
very thrilled with what's happened to
him and he's shaking his fist at the sky
it's pouring rain and he's cursing God
and you know it's like well you can kind
of understand his position so that kind
of reminded me of these people who were
yelling at this guy you know they were
basically they were out dramatizing the
idea of in rape they were enraged at
well you could say god of course most of
them wouldn't say that but but they were
the ones yelling at the damn sky I mean
you know so you got a he got a look at
what they're doing rather than what they
say
and they were outraged that being was
constructed such that Trump could have
arisen as president and so well so this
idea you know that we can be easily
turned against being and work for its
destruction is a really it's a really
common common common theme it never goes
away you see it echoed in stories like
with the new Marvel series for example
you see the enmity between Thor and Loki
that's a good example of the same thing
or between Batman and the Joker there's
there's a Superman and Lex Luthor these
there's these pairs of hero against
villain that's a really dramatic and
easily what everyone can understand that
dynamic right it's a basic plot and the
reason it's a basic plot is because it's
true of the battle within our spirits
our own individual spirits it's true
within families because sibling rivalry
can be unbelievably brutal it's true
between human beings who are strangers
it's true between groups of people like
it's true at every level of analysis and
then in some sense it's it's archetypal
true at least with regards to deep
religious symbolism because you see that
echoed in many stories as well so I
think the clearest representation is
probably Christ and Satan that's the
closest to a pure archetype although
there's in the old Egyptian stories
there's Osiris and Seth or Horus and
Seth and Seth is a precursor to Satan
etymologically so it's a very very
common motif and so that's what happens
again in Rebecca's womb is that this
thing this idea is played out right away
and the two two twins are actually what
would you call it there they have a
superordinate destiny because one of
them is destined to become the father of
Israel and of course that's a pinnacle
moment in the Old Testament obviously
and arguably a pinnacle moment in human
history now you know degree to which the
stories in the Old Testament actually
constitute what we would consider
empirical history as a matter of debate
but it doesn't matter in some sense
because as I mentioned I think before in
this lecture series know there are there
are forms of fiction that are met a true
which means that they're not necessarily
about a specific individual although I
generally think they are based on the
life of specific individuals it's the
simplest theory but who knows right but
they're they're more real than reality
itself because they abstract out the
most relevant elements of reality and
present them to you and that's why you
watch fiction you know you don't you
want you want your fiction boiled down
right you want to boil down to the
essence that's what makes good fiction
and that essence is something that's
truer than then plain old truth if it's
handled well and so you know if you
watch a Shakespeare play half a lifetime
of events can go by in a Shakespeare
play and it covers you know a wide range
of scenes and so on and and so it's it's
cut and edited and compressed all at
once but because of that it blasts you
with with a kind of emotional and
ethical force that just the mere
videotaping of someone's daily life it
wouldn't even wouldn't even come close
to approximating so then this motif of
the hostile brothers that's a that's a
deep deep archetypal truth and raychel
two nations are in thy womb and two
manner of people shall be separated from
thy bowels and one people shall be
stronger than the other and the elder
shall serve the younger and so there's a
inversion there right because as we've
discussed historically speaking and
traditionally speaking it's the elder
son that to whom the disproportionate
blessings flow there's some truth in
that too even more
what would you say more empirically iq
tends to decrease as the number of
children in the family increase the
younger the old
is the smartest generally speaking it
isn't clear why that is but it might be
that they get more attention and who
knows so those of you who are younger
can be very unhappy about that fact now
Jacob
okay so there's another there's another
plotline here too because Abraham and
and Rebecca are at odds at sorry Isaac
and Rebecca are at odds about the
children right so there's a there's an
eatable twist to it too because well
Isaac is allied with Esau who turns out
to be the hunter type so he's your basic
rough-and-tumble character you know and
he's kind of a wild looking guy he'll
Harry and he likes to be outside he
lives in tents he likes to hunt he's a
man's man that's one way of thinking
about it
whereas Jacob dwells in tents you know
he doesn't go outside much he's more
well maybe he's more introverted but
he's certainly this sort of kid
adolescent say who hangs around home and
it there's some intimation that he's his
mud well he's clearly his mother's
favorite and with all the advantages and
I suppose disadvantage does go along
with that and Isaac and Rebecca don't
see eye-to-eye about who should have
predominance among the sons and Rebecca
is quite complicit with Jacob in
inverting the social order so the first
thing that happens that's crooked is
that Esau comes in from hunting and he's
you know maybe he's been out for a
number of days and he's ravenous and
he's kind of an impulsive guy doesn't
really seem to think about the long term
very much and Jacob was cooking some
lentil stew and Esau I want some of it
and Jacob refuses and and then says that
he'll trade his his birthright for it
and Esau agrees which is a bad deal
right it's a bad deal and so you you
could say that Esau actually deserves
what's coming to him
although
at minimum you'd have to think of them
both as being equally culpable it's a
nasty trick
and so that's Jacob's first trick and
then the second trick is that it's later
and Isaac is old and blind and you know
close to death and it's time for him to
bestow a blessing on his sons which is a
very important event apparently among
these ancient people and Esau again is
out hunting and Rachel dress dress is
Jacob up in a hairy it puts a goat skin
on his arm so he's kind of hairy like
Esau and dresses him and Esau is closed
so he smells like he's so and Isaac
tells Esau to go out and hunt him up
some some venison I think it is and
which is a favorite of his and Rebekah
has Jacob cook up a couple of goat kids
and serve that to Isaac and play the
role of Esau and so he does that it's
pretty net damn nasty really all things
considered you know to play a trick like
that both on your brother and on your
blind father and the inclusion with your
mother it's not the sort of thing that's
really designed to promote a lot of
familial harmony and so especially
because you've already screwed him over
in a big way once you know you'd think
you'd think that would be sufficient so
anyways he's successful and Esau loses
his father's blessing and so that Jacob
ends up really in the position of the
firstborn and it's quite interesting
because you know God tells Rachel that
Jacob is going to be the dominant twin
and you'd think again with God's
blessing or at least the prophecy that
Jacob would end up being a good guy but
he's certainly not presented that way to
begin with which is also quite
interesting given that he's the eventual
founder of Israel and it's another
indication of the realism of these old
stories you know and it's it's quite
amazing to me it's always been quite
amazing to me how unpretty fight these
stories have remained you know because
you'd think that if you're even the
least bit sinned
especially if you had the kind of
Marxist religion is the opiate of the
masses kind of viewpoint which which is
a credible viewpoint you know although
it's wrong but it's correct well I I
think it's a shallow I think it's a
shallow interpretation and not part of
the reason I think it's a shallow
interpretation is because the stories
would be a lot prettier if that was the
case these characters wouldn't have this
strange realistic moral ambiguity about
them you know if you're gonna feed
people a fantasy then it you want it to
be like a Harlequin novel or or our
greeting card or something like that you
don't want it to be a story that's full
of betrayal and deceit and murder and
mayhem and genocide and all of that if
that just doesn't seem all that
what would you say calming I guess would
be the right right answer
so anyways Jacob gets away with this but
Esau is not happy and and Jacob is quite
convinced that he might kill him and I
think that was a reasonable fear because
he saw was a tough guy and he was used
to being outside and he knew how to hunt
and he knew how to kill and he actually
wasn't very happy about getting
seriously screwed over by his you know
stay-at-home younger brother twice and
so Jacob runs off and goes to visit his
uncle and on the way and this is a very
interesting part of this story he stops
and to sleep and he takes a stone for a
pillow and then he has this vision it's
called a dream but the context makes it
look like a vision of a ladder reaching
up to heaven and with angels moving up
and down the the ladder let's say and
there's some representations of that I
showed you some of them the last time we
met but I'll read it to you first he
lighted upon a certain place and Ty read
there all night because the Sun was set
and he took of the stones of that place
and put them for his pillows and lay
down in that place to sleep and he
dreamed and beheld a ladder set up on
the earth and the top of it reached to
heaven and behold the angels of God
ascending and descending on it and
behold the Lord stood above it and said
I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father
and the god of Isaac
land whereon thou liest to thee I will
give it and to thy seed and thy seed
shall be as the dust of the earth and
thou shalt spread abroad to the west and
to the east and to the north and the
south so that lays out the canonical
directions right so now there's a center
with the canonical directions like the
thing that you see you know that little
symbol you see on maps it's the same
thing that symbolically placed upon the
earth so a center has been established
with radiating well with with what with
with directional lines radiating from it
so it establishes as a place and in the
end I seed shall all the families of the
earth be blessed so that's pretty good
news for Jacob and it's not self-evident
why God is rewarding him for running
away after screwing over his brother but
that seems to be what happens and so
here's a couple of representations
classic representations the one on the
right is William Blake is what I
particularly like you know and Blake
assimilates God with the Sun and with
light right so that's quite a common
mythological idea that that God is
associated with light and the day behold
I am with thee and will keep thee in all
places whither thou goest and will bring
me again into this land for I will not
leave thee until I have done that which
I have spoken to thee of and Jacob
awaked out of his sleep and he said
surely the Lord is in this place and I
knew it not and he was afraid which is
exactly the right response and said how
dreadful is this place it is none other
than the house of God and this is the
gate of heaven and Jacob rose up early
in the morning and took the stone that
he had put for his pillows and set it up
for a pillar and poured oil on the top
of it and that's that's a more important
thing than you think and we'll go into
that a little bit more deeply because up
to this point in this story there isn't
anything really
there isn't anything that's really
emerged to mark a sacred space right
there's no there's no cathedral there's
no Church there's nothing like that but
here's this idea that emerges that you
can mark the center of something that
and that's important and you mark it
with a stone
and stones a good way to mark things
that that are important because the
stone is permanent right and we mark
things with stones now like we mark
graves with stones for example because
we want to make a memory and to carve
something into stone to carve a stone
and then to carve something into stone
is to make a memory and to use stone is
to make a memory because stone is
permanent and to set it up right is to
to indicate a center and so that's what
happens and pours oil on the top of it
which is kind of offering and he called
the name of that place Bethel but the
name of the city was called Las at the
first and Jacob vowed a vow saying if
God will be with me and will keep me in
this way that I go and will give me
bread to eat and raiment to put on then
a tenth of what I earned I will give him
I missed that that's interesting too
because now there's a transformation of
sacrifice right because until that point
sacrifices have had been pretty
concretize dit was the burning of
something
whereas here all of a sudden it's the
offering of of productive labor per se
like a tithe because it tithe is a form
of sacrifice and so there's an
abstraction of the idea of sacrifice no
sacrifice it's really important that the
idea of sacrifice gets abstracted right
because it should be abstracted to the
point where it's it's used the way that
we use it today which is you know we
make sacrifices to get ahead and
everyone understands what that means but
the sacrifices are generally some
combination of psychological and and and
practical so we're not acting them out
we're precisely we're not dramatizing
them at ritualizing and we actually act
them out in our in the covenant that we
make with the future and we do that well
unless we're extraordinarily impulsive
and aimless in our lives and have really
no conception whatsoever of the future
and are likely to sacrifice the future
for the present which is it what he saw
does right then we make sacrifices and
you got to think like the idea of making
sacrifices to make the future better is
an extraordinarily difficult lesson to
learn
it took people god only knows how long
to learn that you know like we have no
idea it's not something that animals do
easily chimpanzees don't store leftover
meat you know they just and neither do
wolves they just a wolf can eat about
thirty pounds of meat in one sitting and
that's that's where the idea of wolfing
it down comes from they're not hiding it
saving it for later you know they can't
do that so they can't sacrifice the
present for the future so this is a big
deal that this that this happens now I
want to tell you a little bit about the
idea of the pillar because it's it's an
unbelievably deep idea and it Orient's
us in ways that we still don't it's
still orienting us in ways that we don't
understand and in fact it's actually the
mechanism by which we're oriented or and
if it's lacking then we become
disoriented and so I'll show you some
pictures and describe them first okay so
first of all there's a walled city so
let me tell you that you could think
about that as an archetypal human
habitation maybe it's a reflection of
something like a fire in the middle of
the plain or the forest or the jungle
