on itself it's uh so people are taking
it seriously that's good it's good I say
that but you're the one who has to deal
with the pain and the pressure so yeah
well I'm in a permanent state of being
freaked out so then I woke up this
morning with all these ideas that I
wanted to talk to you about all right
okay so let me pull up the emails that I
sent you
yeah okay so one of the things did you
want to talk for us just to just to get
our idea straight or what maybe I can I
also want to comment on some of the
things you wrote go ahead one of the
things one of the difficult things by
the way are you recording this already
yeah like you know we say after well
then maybe you should then maybe you
should speak first because that way when
I talk about the the kind of the
questions that I have especially in
regards to the cross the cross is really
complicated it's a complicated it's like
it's it's one of its meant to be to be a
mystery and so the way it's presented to
us it it kind of breaks all the
categories in a way and so or it unites
them together you can rather see it that
way and so it's difficult to it's
difficult to talk about the cross
because it's both totally on the inside
you know it's the center of the world
it's the access of the cosmos it's all
those things but it's also you know at
the edge of the world because even in
the story it's brought outside as
crucifixion happens outside of the city
it happens on the Mount of the skull and
also there's a there's a verse in the
songs that says that the just will never
hang on a cross and so I will never hang
on a tree it doesn't say cross but no
the just will never hang on a tree and
so there's a there's an aporia in the
cross which is that Christ is the just
who's hanging on a tree so that's
actually one of the reasons why Jews
have never accepted Christ as the
Messiah because they can't deal with the
absolute like paradox of having you know
the the the perfect man hanging on a
tree and so it's like how does the
but but for a Christian it's really
bringing together that the extremes you
know I talked about that before well I
think that Christ really isn't the top
of the hierarchy but is really the
stretching out of the hierarchy from the
from the top to the bottom yeah yeah
okay so so all right so we'll get to
that all right yeah yeah because I think
that's a that's that's an interesting
way of conceptualizing the potential
solution to this problem yeah okay so
Derrida had this concept of
undecidability right there were these
things that existed on the margins that
didn't fit into a category system yeah
and we've talked about that before and
that seems to me to be very much
associated with the idea that I
developed in maps of meaning of anomaly
mm-hm
yeah and the anomalous is the monster
and the reason the anomalous is the
monster is because there's a very large
number of things that won't fit into any
category system doesn't matter what the
category system is there's the things
inside the category system or the
category and there's the things outside
and there's a multiplicity of the things
outside yes and so the monster image is
an appropriate image to represent that
because that monster is a chimera that's
made up of parts yes exactly
okay and you always have to confront
what stands outside the category system
yeah and it looks to me like we use our
predator detection and defense systems
as the first defense against that the
first reaction against that yeah because
it's it's an archetypal reality that
there are things outside the category
system yeah
but it's actually and I think that in
terms of phenomenology I would say I
don't know maybe you can actually you
couldn't eliminate this in terms of
evolutionary biology because I'm not an
expert in that at all but it seems that
there's both the the predatory aspect
where it's where the the the the monster
the anomaly is seen as something to
defeat but there's also there's also an
aspect which is the desiring aspect yeah
right right well that's the dragon with
with the gold yes or or the siren the
siren no the monster itself like there's
something about
siren and about the the idea of Lilith
for example in Jewish mythology this
notion of like that or the or the the
Incubus you know the idea of the female
demon which lures and brings you out of
yourself and kind of makes you kind of
waste your seed and in a Christian in
like a religious idea where it's as if
there's a there's something about the
outside of the foreign or the which
elicits a desire to move out towards it
I think you kind of talk about that when
you talk about this notion of the snake
that appears let's say about amongst a
group of chimpanzees yeah yeah yeah
that's the fascination of the unknown
and neurobiologically that's associated
with the positive aspect of exploration
yeah so that's yeah so yeah it's a
paradoxical situation because if it's
unknown you want to be afraid of it
because it might eat you but because it
contains new information let's say you
also want to approach it yeah and that's
really I think it's important especially
now in our in like our situation to
understand the desiring aspect could you
because it you can explain a lot of the
strange phenomena that you know that
turn around sexuality in terms of of all
the strange fetishization of sexuality
into into you know sometimes it's
opposite you know like the weird the
weird scatological fetishes that people
have in like the strange like it's as if
there's something about the the outside
or the monstrous or the the discarded
which can also in a certain instance if
people who let themselves go will pull
them into a desire relationship with
that well one of the things you do find
is that sexual release like orgasm is
potentiated by novelty mm-hmm so that's
a good example of that yeah yeah and if
you kind of go down that route it can
lead you into there's no limit kind of
to where it can lead you and and and it
can explain I think it can also explain
kind of like now we are in this weird
paradoxical situation in terms of
society where since the sixties people
have been telling us you know that in
emphasizing that aspect the idea that
novelty
we'll increase pleasure let's say yeah
bring you further into pleasure but then
realizing that if you go down that road
now we're kind of realizing you know
it's like oh now we're surrounded by
sexual perverts and we're wondering why
we're surrounded by sexual perverts it's
like well maybe you led them down that
road and that road doesn't necessarily
lead to just sunshine and rainbows like
it leads to very dark places which
include a lot of violence and a lot of
of an exploration of animosity and and
and a mixture of desire and hatred and
all those those very strange things that
people kind of let themselves fall into
yeah well you might say that that's in
some sense the story of fucose life yes
exactly
I mean yeah we've talked about that
before that if if you look at foo codes
if you look at fucose life he's almost
like a microcosm of what's happening
today in terms of his he's like radical
exploration of power and sexuality but
also like the idea of the constant
stranger and the constant anonymous
anonymity of sexual encounters I think
that for sure I see him really as a as
someone to look at in terms of
understanding you know the the tone of
what's happening today yeah yeah it
seems to me to be the case and it's
interesting too because Foucault Derrida
didn't care for each other no and you
know Foucault basically regarded Derrida
as a trickster as a word e-excuse me as
a wordy trickster and yeah but they
there are their ideas fall into
alignment with regards to the notion of
the excluded as far as I can tell yeah
well the thing that the difference I
would say with the III find getting that
more useful in terms of you know I've
talked about this in my different talks
about this notion that what's upside
down can be turned back on its head hair
back on its feet and I think that data
is more useful to to play that game
where you can use him and some of his
categories to include them in a larger
frame let's say so that his ideas are
included in a more complete vision of
reality because he has like he really
shows the real his way of thinking
really shows the real deigned the real
problem of post-modernism like that you
know you talk about that off
like how is it that there's this
contradiction for example his philosophy
has been described as like the
philosophy of hesitation you know and
that makes total sense because you know
when you're faced he has this notion
that you're faced you know
and in this slipping and sliding
analysis of the world where all the all
you know reality is multiplies itself is
deferred you know that that things
always point towards the future so you
never know exactly what something is
because it keeps changing and it keeps
it keeps slipping into something else
right and so that actually leads to
which is true things yes exactly and but
that actually leads to this this this
hesitation and if you've ever seen an
interview with the ADA you'll see it in
his in his demeanor he's constantly
hesitating he's hesitating to speak
because he's always kind of like he
doesn't know he realized that he doesn't
know the total implications of what he's
about to say all the time so he's always
like he's he's like he's constantly
cautious and cautious and cautious and
so it seems like that's actually what
should be normally derived out of the
the kind of postmodern idea that that
meaning cannot be contained
whereas Foucault he really he really
used the kind of inverted idea of truth
that you have the truth of the marginal
where you can use marginality as a
weapon to destroy the let's say the the
current order you you think okay so you
think that's more attributable to
Foucault than to Derrida I think so well
did he that does it too but what he does
it's weird because he'll use the
marginal to kind of deconstruct the the
center let's say but then he'll also
kind of in a st. in the same way he'll
also say he'll also heal like reverse it
and then annihilate his reversal so he
end up really in this slippery slope
where you don't even know where you're
standing and and so in my opinion that's
useful because it helps you to see the
the actually kind of in the end it
points back towards logos it points back
towards logos in the sense that we can't
like you like we talked about you can't
live in a world like that okay so that's
so that's that's exactly what I want to
develop today yeah so okay so the first
thing that I thought of today is that
okay so we have this issue of
undecidability from Derrida's the thing
that doesn't fit in the category yeah
okay now and we know that if you have a
category there's way more outside the
category than there is inside the
category because otherwise if the
category isn't very useful right right
and so Derrida talks about that as and I
think Foucault to at least alludes to it
is that that they kind of make the case
that the purpose of the category system
is to exclude and then they make a
political case out of that as well and
the thing is is the purpose of a
category is to exclude it's to exclude
an infinite multitude yeah because you
can't deal with an infinite multitude
and so you have to simplify the world
you have to categorize the world in
order to act on it yeah so then the
ultimate question has to be something
like by what principle do you or what
principle guides your categorization of
the world and that seems to me to point
back to the logos in exactly the way
that you just described because then I
would say the logos is the divine
principle of categorization something
like that oh there are two there are
actually two ways to do it there there's
I think that I talked about it talked
about talked about this in Vancouver
it's like there's either there's three
possibilities there's either the logos
there's either absolute dissemination
which is this kind of the the the idea
that something will just kind of
dissolve it dissolves into uncertainty
and and it's important to understand the
result of that the result of that isn't
that it'll just stay in this kind of
shaky uncertainty the result of that is
that something else from the outside
which has solidity is going to ran
through it and I think that's something
that did he didn't account for you know
for example I don't think they accounted
for
for Islam for example it's like he
thought well if we're all if we all if
we're all kind of in the slippery slide
a situation without firm identities then
we have no reason to fight right that's
kind of like yeah right that's like the
positive infinite number of reasons to
fight yeah maybe
exactly maybe we have an infinite number
at the fight but he didn't see like that
something on the outside which has
strength will this then just come right
through that in terrible actually I am
absolutely well I
he thought he he was probably
Eurocentric in his outlook yeah
hilarious it is it's really hilarious
yeah it's really hilarious okay so
alright so we talked about
undecidability alright sort thing about
undecidability that we need to mention
which makes it more complicated is that
undecidability also has to do with time
and so it has to do and this is
something actually that that you have in
common I think with data which you might
read funny to say but the idea that you
that something let's say you talked
about that in example you said like when
when when Ford created the car yeah
she didn't know what it was because yeah
that that the the the that's a the
totality of what the car represents is
is is manifesting itself in time
manifesting itself in like urban
landscape in the way we understand
economy and in a way it's always the the
like the ramifications were so big that
you could never know what a car is
that's not that's called that's what
Deena talks about in terms of of the the
deferral of meaning in time so there's
that you of difference in terms of um
you know like like that there's
categories in that they're defined by
their opposites and by their their outer
categories but then there's also this
idea of time that makes it more
complicated to yeah well what that means
is that what if they is depends to some
degree on the spatial and temporal
context within which you're interpreting
it yeah you could see that way yeah yeah
I had a dream about that at one point I
I don't know if it's a digression I
don't care I'll tell you anyways so I
dreamt this is such a strange dream I
dreamt that there was this ball floating
above the Atlantic Ocean and it was just
zoom in long about you know six feet
above the surface just cruising along
and it was so powerful that it was
accompanied by four hurricanes one in
each quadrant surrounding the ball it
was a little ball away and that was the
first part of the dream the second part
of the dream was a like a view of
satellites and a bunch of scientists who
were monitoring the hell out of this
thing trying to figure out what it was
the sir
scene was this thing was trapped in a
room it was like in a Victorian Museum
case you know a wood case with glass and
it was sitting up there like suspended
in midair inside the case this a ball
the same ball yeah this so they captured
it and so then it was in the room the
room had no doors or windows and in the
room there was the President of the
United States and Stephen Hawking and so
that and then the room was made out of
titanium dioxide I remember that from
the dream which turns out to be the
stuff that this the hull of the Starship
Enterprise is made out of and something
like that nothing like that yeah yeah it
was something like that and so the idea
was that this intensely powerful thing
had been put inside a category system
right so it was inside a museum display
case and then there was the president
there a sort of representation of social
order and Stephen Hawking he was a
representation of disembodied intellect
uh-huh and then there was the room
itself which had impenetrable walls they
were like six feet thick so we it was
like we got this thing and then then I
was watching it it turned into a
chrysalis
so obviously which is something that can
transform right exactly and then it
turned into a meerschaum pipe it took me
about a year to figure that out it was
an allusion to that famous painting by
Magritte right yeah this is not a pipe
this is not a pipe you know that
Foucault FC like quite a bit yeah yeah
yeah and then it shot out of the room
like there was nothing there interesting
yeah that's a great dream Wow it was a
great dream man and so and it does
allude to this idea that you can't
capture the thing in permanently in a
category system because it shifts and
turns yeah yeah so okay so so fine so
we're on board with that all right so
now the category has to exclude because
reality is so complex that you have to
categorize it because otherwise you're
swamped yes good metaphor for it yeah
and I said something that the postmodern
is that I didn't totally see the the
extent to which that could be all right
right absolutely I think he put I think
he thought that order was a lot more
solid than it was yeah
so so or than it is so then I was
thinking okay so now in with identity
politics you have the politics of the
excluded alright so so then you have
people excluded because of race or
because of gender or because of sexual
identity or whatever and one of the
problems we've seen with that is that
the number of excluded keep multiplying
that's why you get that extension of the
letters in the LGBTQ acronym right and
there doesn't seem to be any limit to
that and the reason for that is there is
no limit to the number or excluded
because it's the cake the category of
excluded is the category of all things
that don't fit in the category system
and that's an infinite set right yeah
okay so but then I woke up this morning
and I thought well we could do we could
calculate that mathematically so because
because of I was thinking about the rise
of intersectionality and then because
the rise of intersectionality is
actually the reoccurrence of the
individual within the collective ideas
of postmodern neo Marxism because you
might say well I'm excluded cuz I'm
black or I'm excluded because I'm a
woman and then someone puts up their
hand and says well those two categories
don't include black woman they don't
include the intersection of the of the
two categories and that there's no
reason that black and woman is more
important than black woman okay so then
I thought all right so that's fine so
the problem is is that you start to get
smaller and smaller numbers of people as
exemplars of the categories that are
excluded and then so then I thought well
