hi everyone welcome to the September
version of my q and A's and thank you
very much for tuning in again hopefully
we'll have an interesting discussion
tonight I want to stop start that is
with demonstration of some new newly
managed technical wizardry I have a
program that I developed with my
colleagues that I want to talk to you
guys about for just a few seconds some
of you already know about this called
self authoring and self authoring helps
people write about their past to guide
it autobiography that's the past
authoring program and to write about
their virtues and their faults that's
theirs to present authoring programs and
a future authoring program that helps
people write out a vision and a
destination let's say an ethical
destination for their lives as well as
formulate a plan to put that vision into
to make that vision into reality and our
experimental investigations have
indicated for example that university
students who complete this program even
if they do it badly and I would
recommend at least doing it badly
increase their probability of staying at
university by about 30% and it has a
positive effect on their grade point
average as well so there's a fair bit of
evidence that your personality is
organized at the highest level through
articulated speech some of that you can
formulate internally by thinking and
some of it you have to do you can do by
writing you also do that in discussion
with other people but these programs are
designed to break down the problem of
articulating your life in the past
present and future into a series of
steps that are at least in principle
manageable and thousands of people have
done them and I think there are very
helpful programs and we spent a lot of
time perfecting them I supposed to the
degree that they are perfected anyways I
want to here's the high tech part of
this you see that's the website self
authoring com and I put a coupon
together
the coupon name is September so that's
what you have to enter for the coupon
and that gives you a 20% discount at
self authoring so and now all this is
even more high-tech because this marker
is in a different color and this program
is a personality test based on the big5
aspect scale which is a scale that
calling the young one of my students
developed when he worked in my lab along
with Lena quilty and the big five aspect
scale offers you a five dimensional
readout of your personality extraversion
neuroticism agreeableness
conscientiousness and openness the
classic big five and then it breaks each
of the factors each of the traits into
two aspects so you get a high resolution
map of your personality that takes the
test takes about 100 question takes
about 15 minutes to do and you'll learn
about yourself I think you'll learn
interesting things I had my kids do
repeated iterations of the big five
aspect scale when they were teenagers
and I learned a lot about them even
though I thought I knew them quite well
I learned things that were very useful
so you can do that and maybe you'll
understand yourself a little bit better
and so this is the site and the coupon
is September just as it was for self
authoring and that's 20% as well and
you'll see that amazingly enough this
advertisement I suppose which is what it
is is in purple instead of blue and so
that's another technological miracle
brought to you by the internet and the
intelligence of modern human beings so
alright so we've dispensed with that so
that's self authoring and understand
myself and you might find those useful
and I hope you do so on to more fall on
two different things I guess I just got
back to Toronto yesterday I think it was
yesterday I was out in Western Canada
I went to a family reunion on Vancouver
Island and then a reunion of sorts as
well in Saskatchewan with my side of the
family and finished a talk in Regina and
when in Saskatoon as well which seem to
be relatively well received so hooray
for that I've really enjoyed all these
lectures that I've been giving Tammy and
I Tammy's my wife we've visited 65
cities now on this tour and we're
starting again on September 5th we're
gonna go down the eastern seaboard
there's 20 cities and in the
northeastern US and then we're off to
Europe for another 15 cities or so and
then in February I think we're going to
go to Australia and then in March and
April and back to Europe and then in May
I'm going to spend four months
diligently finishing up what I hope to
be my next book assuming that I can get
that done in that period of time and
also that other opportunities let's say
or distractions don't rear their head
either positively or negatively and who
knows right because life is a very
uncertain business I've really enjoyed
the lecture tour a lot you know I've
been speaking to audiences of about
2,500 to 3,000 people and mostly about
the I would say mostly about the Nexus
the relationship between meaning and
responsibility trying to make the case
that because life is difficult as
everyone with any sense knows and
because we can make that worse with our
own stupidity and malevolence that it's
necessary to find a sustaining meaning
in life and my sense is and I think
people tend to agree to this is that the
most sustaining meaning can be found a
and the adoption of voluntary
responsibilities so in attempts to
decrease the suffering in life and to do
things that are worthwhile and admirable
and to take care of yourself
individually and your family and to have
a little bit left over for your
community and to have goodwill across
all those dimensions if you can possibly
manage it despite the fact that there's
something in life to make people
relatively bitter and then as well the
necessity of conducting yourself in a
truthful manner
making also the case to my listeners I
suppose that that one of the most
ancient presuppositions that underlies
the structure of Western civilization
which is a very functional civilization
in my estimation is the idea derived
from Genesis that truthful speech if you
confront truthful speech if you confront
potential the chaos and potential that
is in front of you with truthful speech
that you engender the order that is good
and that's a fundamental ethical dictum
it's it's it's a presupposition in some
sense that the order that you bring into
existence in all the choices that you
make will be the best possible order in
proportion to the degree that you
conduct yourself in a truthful manner
and so those ideas seem to be falling on
very receptive ears and they are the
most resilient ideas that I think I've
ever come across I mean I always take an
ice pick and a hammer - any idea that I
encounter and I really do that
diligently because I don't want to rely
on ideas that can fall apart and break
especially when they're stressed and I
don't see I don't I haven't come across
ideas that are more solid than that I
mean the first proposition you know that
life is suffering and that we make it
worse with our malevolence I think
everyone understands that to be true but
the second is that the best way to
confront that is to shoulder
responsibility voluntarily and to live
in truth I think those are even more
powerful ideas because you could say
that the cure for a malaise or the
treatment for a disease is more powerful
than the malhae malaise or the disease
itself and if responsibility and truth
are antidotes to suffering and
malevolence then that means that they're
there they have a power that's
transcendent over suffering malevolence
and you know it so it's a very
pessimistic viewpoint on the one hand
because I'm stressing for everybody that
is coming to listen to me talk the fact
that life has an inalienable element of
difficulty and and travail and suffering
and all of that and you certainly see
that sort of thing when you go to a
family reunion you know like a lot of my
relatives my parents generation they're
getting old my parents are in their 80s
now and there
some of they have friends that are older
and everyone's starting to suffer from
the inevitable deterioration that's
associated with old age and it's very
very trying and very difficult for
people and it's it's in those situations
that you see more clearly the fragility
of life and also the importance of
having a having a family that's
functional and people around you that
love you and all those things that in
principle can help sustain you through
difficult times so anyways I'm here in
Toronto for about 10 days got a lot of
media interviews again partly to discuss
the upcoming talks my book 12 rules for
life still appears to be selling
extraordinarily well it's quite amazing
all things considered it's approaching 2
million sales and in in the English
version and there are foreign versions
coming out
all the time so and I've also I'm also
in the process of putting together the
final arrangements for my next book
which I talked about so the plan is to
write I'm writing that now I've got it
about half written maybe a little bit
more expanding on the themes that I
developed in 12 rules for life and also
extending them as much as I possibly can
and I hope to continue writing during
this period of touring as well so that I
can stay on top of my deadlines and then
from May to September to spend most of
that time finalizing and editing and
polishing and all of that and then
hopefully the book is due in September
and the current plan is to spend
September through December likely
concentrating on a return to the
biblical lectures starting with Exodus
which is something I'm really looking
forward to but haven't really been able
to turn my hand to the other thing I'm
really thinking hard about doing I'd
like to do a series of lectures and I
don't know if I could do them publicly
or not but I might be able to finagle
that in some manner I'd like to do a
series of lectures on the sacred icons
of the radical left so I'd like to do a
lecture series on Marx and Foucault and
Derrida and then some some
the famous feminists to like Betty Ford
an whose work I'm not a fan of for a
variety of reasons and Judith Butler as
well but I'd really like to concentrate
on Marx so one of the things I might do
tea for you guys tonight or to you yeah
one of the things I might do to you
tonight as I found a poem by Karl Marx
that is extraordinarily interesting and
that might be worth reading if I can I
just thought about doing that if I can
scrape it up in time so let me just
check very quickly and see if I can find
it and then I'll get to some questions
because after all this is a QA right
that's the theory so give me 30 seconds
if you can indulge me there it is yeah
so let me read this to you and then
we'll get to the Q&A I think this this
is the kind of thing that I'd like to
shed light on in any possible lecture
series on Marx so this is called
invocation
invocation of one in despair so a God
has snatched from me my all in the curse
and rack of Destiny all his worlds are
gone beyond recall nothing but revenge
is left to me on my self revenge all
proudly wreak on that being that
enthroned Lord make my strength a
patchwork of what's weak leave my better
self without reward I shall build my
throne high overhead cold tremendous
shell its summit be for its bulwark
superstitious dread for its Marshall
blackest agony who looks on it with a
healthy I shall turn back struck deathly
pale and dumb clutched by blind and
chill mortality made his happiness
prepare his tomb and the Almighty's
Lightning shall rebound from that
massive iron giant if he bring my walls
and towers down eternity shall raise
them up Defiant well so on that happy
note that's perhaps perhaps some insight
into the spirit that motivated our
friend mr. Karl Marx so I've really been
thinking a lot about the Marxist
critique of Western culture especially a
fundamental Marxist critique is
something a fundamental Marxist critique
is a criticism of the fact that in
capitalist societies a disproportionate
amount of the spoils let's say the
wealth goes to a disproportionately
small part of the community and this is
of course a truism by the way it is the
case that that occurs which is why the
richest dozen people in the world have
as much money as the bottom two billion
something like that it's also the case
it's part of a more generalized law
sometimes called prices law and
represented with the Pareto distribution
purrito is P AR eto showing that not
only do the
bulk of the Spoils let's say the wealth
go to a disproportionately small number
of people but the bulk of the productive
work is also done by a
disproportionately small number of
people not necessarily the same people
that have the wealth by the way although
in a functional society there's some
overlap now Marx was correct in
observing that that happened in
capitalist societies but incorrect in
assuming that there are any societies
that have ever been formulated or that
could ever be formulated that would
escape from that destiny because you see
that same tremendous Pareto distribution
that proclivity of wealth to to accrue
in the hands of small of a small number
of people you see that in every human
society that's ever been studied and if
it's not wealth its sexual access or
repre duck t'v well that's the same
thing rep reductive opportunity let's
say or or or material possessions which
is obviously a form of wealth etc so one
of the things that characterizes the
West is that all our so our societies
produce inequality like every other
society including animal societies by
the way and even among plants even
amongst ours a disproportionate number
of the heavenly bodies have most of the
mass by the way which is not something
that you can lay at the feet of Western
capitalism the thing that the West has
been able to do that other societies
haven't been able to do is to produce
wealth along with inequality and that
wealth is definitely a fair proportion
of that wealth is actually going to
benefit the people who are in the
diarist straits and that process has
been accelerating over the last 20 years
so from the year 2000 to the year 2012
the level of absolute poverty in the
world is halved which is the fastest
rate of economic development in the
history of the world and I think that
rate is accelerating at least in part
because the Soviet Union for example
isn't around anymore to agitate the
economic masters and leaders of
developing countries into the adoption
of counterproductive collectivist
economic strategies and so what appears
to be happening is that as we spread the
fundamental Western ethos of
individuality and private property and
free
markets and freedom in general for men
and for women around the world that the
poorest people are becoming well at
least they're not starving they're
becoming richer even though at the same
time we do pay a price for that in
inequality so there's a rule and I don't
know how to formulate it exactly or
there seems to be a rule which is a
given unit of wealth in a is produced at
the cost of certain production of the
inequality a certain number of units of
inequality and that seems to be
inalienable to some degree so anyways
that's part of a Marxist critique the
poem first which is like you want to
listen to that poem a couple of times I
would say but then more fundamentally a
critique of the Marxist critique of the
West yes the West produces inequality
but it's not something that you could
lay at the feet of capitalism it's a
much much deeper problem and what that
means to is that those people who
purport to be on the side of the poor
and dispossessed are not being friends
to them by any stretch of the
imagination at all by attempting to tear
down the very hierarchies that seem to
be leveraging the world's poorest people
out of poverty as rapidly as possible
there's evidence as well that people
start to become very concerned about the
environment if you can get their family
income I think are its GDP I think up
about of 40 above about 4,500 u.s. a
year they start to have a little bit of
spare time to be concerned with the
environment around them and so the right
way to to ecological balance in the
world seems to be to make people rich as
fast as we possibly can to make the poor
rich as fast as we possibly can and
wouldn't that be lovely if that was
really the way out so anyways you know
for that so let's let's try some
questions here so any advice on
effectively implementing what I learned
into my life i resonate with twelve
rules so much when reading but struggle
to remember it in my day to day life
well you're not alone that was Sam
you're not alone in that Sam I mean
first of all you got to figure out what
your time frame is you know one of the
truisms of clinical psychology is that
slow and incremental improvement is
first of all normative
in the best possible way in the most
optimistic situation but also very
powerful and so of course you struggle
to remember it in your day-to-day life
because life is difficult and it's
harder to do things than not to do them
and it's harder to do them well than to
do them badly you know and it's easy to
sit around and be hopeless I don't mean
it's emotionally easy because it's not
but it's procedurally easy to be useless
and to fall back into your old habits
and to not discipline yourself and it's
it's a matter of continual practice slow
continual practice and I think a good
example of that is something like weight
lifting you know if you start a
weightlifting program which I would
recommend by the way because it it's
tremendously advantageous physically and
cognitively you're not gonna really see
results for a number of weeks and then
the results are rather slow but you can
get pretty decent results over a six
month period and absolutely stellar
results over a couple of years and so
you have to make sure your timeframe is
right and not to be too hard on yourself
and I did mention the future authoring
program earlier and one of the things I
would recommend too is if you're having
a hard time implementing your your
decisions say your ethical decisions
that you spend a bit more time thinking
them through and writing them down and
the future authoring program is really
helpful thought that's why we designed
it and so get your goal straight and
continue to practice every day and if
you're not succeeding then make your
goals slightly smaller you want to you
want to make your goals large enough so
that they challenge you but small enough
so that you have a reasonable
probability of succeeding at them on a
day to day basis and then you have to
also understand that if you fail on a
given day like let's say you're trying
to quit smoking and you quit for two
weeks and then you have a cigarette and
you think oh my god now I've screwed it
up I'm not quitting anymore you smoke a
