you know when I give the cash paid
Rosetta Thornton came from Tacoma I'm
gonna switch to English since we have
since Jordan hasn't had dr. Peterson
hasn't had time to learn enough
Icelandic yet so thank you all for
coming this has been amazing first when
I got the idea to book him to Iceland I
had no idea that others had been
watching him on YouTube so as it turns
out a lot of people have been and of
course he's exploded since then in in
popularity so we've sold out this venue
which is almost three times larger than
the first one we had and we've sold it
out two times so that's pretty good
so he's gonna come up here and he's
gonna speak for one hour and 15 minutes
just about then he's gonna take a four
minute break and go offstage before the
Q&A you can submit questions to the Q&A
and we're gonna use a similar system
that he's been using on his trips in
America with Dave Rubin so I'm gonna
serve as a surrogate Dave Rubin here or
slightly less gay Dave Rubin so and I'll
bring I'll ask him the questions and you
will put them online on a site called
slide oh so it's spelled SLI dot do
slide though I'll say it in Icelandic as
well as at a punter Dao Slater so it is
customary to introduce the speaker as if
you know me better than him but and and
usually when someone is being introduced
people tell things about him things that
are true about that speaker now of
course you've all come here because you
know who that guy is but so and I'm
gonna do a different thing because I
think it has tells you more deeply
something about what is going on with
this guy so I'm going to read you a few
things that are wrong about him so these
are actual things that have been said
about him in media mostly in hit pieces
and you know character assassination
attempts and there has been one each day
just about for a long time and some of
them in big big media so he's a he's a
far-right guy Hitler he wants to force
young women in Toomer
he's the stupid people's smart person
that's actually not that bad about him
but so and that's the reason they say
that they want you to become afraid to
admit that you like him or go to his
talks well-groomed all right
at least he's well-groomed a messiah
comes surrogate dad for gormless dimwits
so that's another one directed at you I
I'm one of you as well because I don't
know what gormless means so but I
suspect that having a gourmet is
preferable so just stay away from this
guy
Tim wits Jordan Peterson has nothing of
value to say he's a patriarchal
pseudoscientist he encourages young men
to see themselves as victims
he's a mash-up of he has he delivers a
mash-up of Cosmo tips and my first book
of myths he's the professor of piffle he
seems like a terrible therapist he's a
bad political and social thinker an
angry white guy and the line between
Peterson's authoritarianism and Richard
Spencer's Paley on Nazism is a blurry
one he's a Jewish shill and if you're
gonna be a shield you you you want to be
a Jew issue and he's a fascist miss mist
assist and this is just a small sample
of what has been going on and it's all
wrong perhaps you know depending on how
you define she'll-she'll can Sheila's
okay but it's all wrong and that tells
you something a new one every day too
miss inform people about that man and
you can demonstrate it it's demonstrably
false everything and there are some
people that see him as a risk to their
agenda and their world we
HBU for some reason but he's a he's a
reasonable balanced moderate truthful
man and I've never seen such a campaign
against any thinker ever in the world
not even someone that is untruthful or
as despicable as they make him sound
like so this tells you something this is
the reason I was reading this this tells
you something about the importance of
his message and I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna theorize about exactly what that
is because there are lots of theories
about exactly what it is in what he's
saying that is threatening and and to
whom it is threatening and and I think
actually many of them are correct but
let's just listen to him and let's hear
what he has to say
and we'll figure out why it's
threatening later so please give a warm
welcome to dr. Jordan B Peterson
[Applause]
well that's an introduction that I'm
going to have to live up to so I was mmm
thinking the other day about numbers you
know there are mathematicians who think
that there isn't anything more real than
numbers and that's an interesting
proposition I mean it's obviously the
case that once you invent or discover
numbers that that confers on you a
tremendous power and who knows the
limits of that power and the claim that
numbers are more real than anything else
is predicated in part on the fact that
when you discover them or invent them
and start to utilize them that your
ability to operate in the world expands
immensely and and so that's one of the
ways of judging whether or not something
is real is whether or not when you use
it that facilitates your means of
operating in the world interestingly
numbers are abstractions and so that
raises another question which is well
what's more real the thing that's being
abstracted from or the abstractions and
again that's not obvious and maybe the
question of more real isn't germane
maybe it's a question of equal reality
but it's not obvious that abstractions
aren't real and you can make a damn
strong case that they're more real than
anything else and so then you might ask
yourself well then what are the most
real abstractions and so that's what I'm
going to start to talk about tonight I'm
going to talk about it in relationship
to as many rules as I can
lay out simultaneously I'll go through
the rules first
so rule 1 is stand up straight with your
shoulders back and rule 2 is treat
yourself like you're someone responsible
for helping on number 3 which is very
tightly associated with number 2 they're
sort of variations on a theme is make
friends with those people who want the
best for you and by the way these last
two rules aren't injunctions designed to
make your life easier they're actually
injunctions designed to make your life
more difficult Kierkegaard said at one
point that his role in life given that
everything was proceeding to become
easier and easier in all possible ways
that there would come a time when people
would cry out for difficulty and so
that's partly how he envisioned his role
in the world interestingly enough as a
universal benefactor of mankind who
would strive to do nothing other than to
make life more difficult for everyone
right and so rule two and three are like
that because treat yourself as if you're
someone responsible for helping isn't
the same as be nice to yourself it's not
that and to associate with people who
want the best for you means that they
get to demand the best from you and
that's also not an easy thing rule 4 is
compare yourself to who you were
yesterday and not to who someone else is
today and that's an injunction about
envy right it's easy you need people who
you need things that are above you
because you need to do something
worthwhile with your life you need
something to aim at but one of the
consequences of that is that you can
become envious of people that you
believe have attained more in a deserve
adore undeserved manner and that can
make you bitter and so it's much better
to compare yourself to yourself and to
use yourself as the target for
improvement in comparison rule 5 is
don't let your children do anything that
makes you dislike them and the rule of
thumb there is if you dislike them then
other people will and it's a bad idea
to allow your children to act in a way
that makes other children dislike them
or adults dislike them given that
they're going to have to deal with
children and they're going to have to
deal with adults so your primary
responsibility as a parent is to help
your child learn how to behave so that
the social world opens up its arms to
them and welcomes them at every level
and you've done your job if you can
manage that and it's not a simple thing
to do
rule six is put your house in perfect
order before you criticize the world and
that's not take no action for others
until you have your act together that
isn't what the rule means it means that
bind your ambition with humility and
work on what's right in front of you
that you will suffer for if you get
wrong before you engage in the
large-scale transformation of other
people rule seven is do what is
meaningful and not what is expedient and
I would say in some sense in some sense
that's the core ethos of the book not
exactly because rule eight which is tell
the truth or at least don't lie is a
necessary conjunction to that or a
necessary additional element because I
don't think that you can pursue what is
meaningful without telling the truth and
the reason for that is if you don't tell
the truth or let's say if you lie which
is an easier way to think about it you
corrupt the mechanisms the instinctual
mechanisms that that that manifest
themselves as meaning and then you can't
trust them and that's a very bad idea
so the fundamental reason to not lie is
because you corrupt your own perceptions
if you lie and when you corrupt your own
perceptions then you can't rely on
yourself and if you can't rely on
yourself then well good luck to you
because what are you going to rely on in
the absence of your own judgment here
you've got nothing if you if you lose
that rule rule eight is as I said tell
the truth they're doing
or at least don't lie rule 9 assume that
the person that you're listening to
knows something you don't
and that's not so much a mark of respect
for the person although it is that it's
a mark of recognition of your own
unbearable ignorance you know one of the
things you have to do in life is decide
whether you're more you have to make
friends more with let me see let me just
let me rephrase that properly you have
to decide what's more important what you
know or what you don't know first of all
there's a lot of what you don't know and
so if you make friends with that if you
decide that's important then well that's
a good thing because you're going to be
surrounded by what you don't know your
entire life and so if you're
appreciative of that then that's going
to make things go better for you but but
the other element of that is well why
should you be appreciative of what you
don't know and answer to that is well
you shouldn't if your life is absolutely
perfect in every way you have exactly
what you need and want you've put
everything in order around you then what
you know is sufficient but if you
believe that things could still be put
right around you in your own personal
life and with regard to the effect that
you have on other people then obviously
what you don't yet know is more
important than what you do know and you
should be paying attention to find out
what you don't know at every possible
moment and if you're fortunate when you
have a conversation with someone and
you're actually interested in what they
say then even if they're not very good
at communicating even if they're awkward
or even if they display a certain amount
of enmity towards you there's always the
possibility that they might tell you
something you don't know in which case
you can walk away from the conversation
less ignorant and corrupt than you were
when you started the conversation and if
your life isn't everything that you
would like it to be then being slightly
less ignorant and corrupt is probably a
good thing and so rule 10 is be precise
in your speech and that's that's an
observation I would say that that's a
variant
of a New Testament injunction which is
or maybe a description of the nature of
the world which is knock and the door
will open and ask and you will receive
which is a very strange theory let's say
but which I would say is far more in
accordance with what we know about the
psychology of perception let's say then
you might imagine because it is the case
that you don't get what you don't aim at
you might get what you do aim at and
your aim might get better as you aim as
well which is something to consider if
you specify the nature of the actually
if you specify the nature of the being
that you want to bring into being then
you radically increase the probability
that that's what will occur and of
course you all know that because you
regard yourself at least to some degree
as active creative agents right your
fundamental attitude towards yourself at
least in the manner that you act towards
yourself is that you wake up in the
morning and you have a landscape of
possibilities that lay themselves open
to you and you make choices between
those possibilities and determine in
consequence how the world is going to
manifest itself so you confront a field
of potential that's a good way of
thinking about it and through your
choices you determine which elements of
that potential are going to concretize
them selves into the real world and you
are very unhappy with yourself if you
don't do that properly and you're very
unhappy with other people if they don't
do that properly and you're very unhappy
with other people if they don't treat
you like that's what you're like because
part of what you demand from people
let's say in terms of sheer civility is
that they act towards you is if you're
the locus of voluntary choice in a world
of potential and you upbraid each other
for that as well if you have children
and parents your parents will say to you
if you're fortunate you're not living up
to your potential which is actually a
compliment in a sense even though it's
also
a judgment and the compliment is I know
perfectly well that you could be more
than you are and you'll hang your head
if you have any sense and you'll think
like you think in relationship to your
own conscience that yes I have a lot of
potential that I'm not fully realizing
and that actually constitutes a
transgression against the good and I
don't I don't think I've ever met anyone
who doesn't believe that if you if you
have a reasonable conversation with them
it just seems self-evident
I mean maybe now and then you meet
someone who's narcissistically
self-satisfied but then they're
narcissistic and that's not good that as
a medium to long term strategy that's a
catastrophe that ends in disaster you
know it's a short term it protects
people but long term it's it's not good
in the least and of course other people
don't appreciate it as well rule 11 is
don't bother children when they're
skateboarding and that's actually a
discussion of courage of encouragement
more specifically because I've I've been
trying to understand for example what
role parents play in the lives of their
children and I would say this is a role
that that that is of fundamental
importance as well as attempting to
guide your children so that they act in
a socially desirable manner so that the
world opens itself up to them you also
want to encourage them which is not the
same as sheltering them it's not the
same at all and to encourage someone is
to say something like or to act out
something like look kid as you the
world's already difficult because the
world isn't easy for children any more
than it's easy for adults that the
difficulties are they're not the same
they're child size difficulties but
they're still difficulties the world is
a very hard place and it's a bitter
place in many ways and it's not only a
hard and bitter place it's also touched
with betrayal and malevolence and that's
the fundamental bottom line but there's
something in you that is capable of
taking that full-on and transcending it
and that's encouragement you say well as
difficult as things are
you're up to the challenge and to
interfere with children when they're
skateboarding for example when they're
doing let's say in advisably dangerous
things which kids of course do if
they're skateboarding to interfere with
that is to interfere with the child's
willingness to voluntarily expose
themselves to the risks that they need
to expose themselves to in order to
develop the sort of competence that
allows them to thrive in a world they
cannot be sheltered from and so to
interfere with children when they're
taking necessary risks is not love or
empathy but cowardice on the part of
parents and it's deeply damaging to
children and I can tell you as a
clinical psychologist I've never had a
client come to my office in all the
hundreds in in in all the hundreds of
encounters I've had with people in my
office I've never had a client say my
parents made me too independent right
that hasn't happened once right now my
parents made me too dependent or I
conspired with my parents to perpetuate
my dependence that happened all the time
so there's a rule of thumb which I think
is a good one which I believe is often
applied in nursing homes by people who
work in nursing homes which is of course
a very difficult job and the rule is do
not do anything for anyone they can do
for themselves and the reason for that
is that it's a form of theft right you
don't first of all if you if you do
something for someone and it facilitates
their movement forward then they moved
forward because you helped them which is
something I was very careful about as a
therapist I don't want to give my
clients advice first it might fail in
which case they are going to pay for my
advice and second if it succeeds then I
get to be the successful one and I don't
want to steal the success from my
clients that's a bad idea I want to help
them figure out what it is that they
should aim at and then help plot out a
strat
for attaining that and but I want to
ensure that it's their destiny not
something I'm imposing and of course the
imposition of that sort of thing is the
hallmark of a bad I would say
therapeutic relationship but also a bad
relationship period right so one of the
things you want to do with your
partner's your spouse you say your
husband or wife and also with your
children is to listen to them so that
you can figure out what their problems
are and figure out with them because
they're gonna figure that out by
communicating and then perhaps aid them
in the development of a strategy but you
have to ensure very carefully that
you're not imposing your own structure
in a manner that's going to steal from
them what's rightfully theirs so well so
rule 11 is an injunction to courage as
the fundamental because you could say
well what's the antidote to the
catastrophe of life and one answer might
be safety it's like well you know look
everyone sensible enough to know that a
certain amount of provision for safety
is worthwhile you should probably wear
your seatbelts when you're driving
around in your car because why take
foolhardy risks but given that there is
no security in life in the final
analysis then encouragement is a much
