so i'm here today with author greg
lucianov and jonathan hype
greg is president of fire the foundation
for individual rights and education and
jonathan height is a
an eminent social psychologist and
professor of ethical leadership at new
york university's stern school of
business
they have co-authored a new book called
the coddling of the american mind which
is an elaborated version of a famous
atlantic monthly essay they published a
while back and so today we're here to
talk about their new book and about the
state of the universities and i suppose
society at large so
thanks guys very much for joining me
today
so i thought maybe we'd start talking
about the book so do you guys want to
provide some background
uh maybe you could talk about the
atlantic monthly essay and what led up
to the book and then we'll get into the
details
sure sure about that over to greg
well um so it all started in 2007 when i
was lucky enough to have a full-on
medical level depression
um really really bad i talk about it in
some sort of detail in the uh in the
book i realize it's actually at a level
which i don't even i realize i wrote
about it with details that my wife
doesn't know my family doesn't um
there's a weird privacy thing that
sometimes happens when you're talking
you know dictating into a computer that
you kind of like this just between me
and the computer and now i realize it's
probably the most public thing
i'll ever write
but the thing that saved me the thing
that ultimately helped me deal with my
depressions in general was cognitive
behavioral therapy um in a sense it's
sort of like applied stoicism you just
look at your own uh thoughts you talk
back to the really exaggerated ones you
label them as cognitive distortions
these include things like generalization
catastrophizing binary thinking thinking
everything has to be they're all good or
all bad i'm actually particularly guilty
of these and amazingly if you just
actually learn what these distortions
are and practice every day to sort of
talk back to sort of the more anxious or
depressed voices in your own head it's
an incredibly effective treatment for
depression anxiety and it changed
absolutely changed my life
meanwhile as this is changing my life i
i'm still work i'm still the president
of fire which means i defend free speech
and uh due process and academic freedom
on campus
and um
i was what and while i was learning all
of these
intellectual habits all these ways to
sort of talk yourself down i was looking
around at what administrators were doing
and asked and saying to myself wow it's
actually kind of like the administrators
are saying oh by the way do engage in
cognitive distortions do engage in
binary thinking do over-generalize and
most of all catastrophize all the time
and i remember thinking something with
the effect of well thank goodness the
students don't seem to really be buying
it
and that's what changed in 2013 2014 um
prior to 2013 2014 since i started in
2001
the worst constituency for free speech
on campus was actually administrators
the best most reliable fans of free
speech you could run into on campus were
generally the students themselves and
then sometime around 2013 2014 we saw uh
you know suddenly they were demanding
you know everything from trigger
warnings to microaggression policies to
disinvitations for even people but both
on the left and the right on the
spectrum and it seemed like we said it
seemed to happen almost overnight and
this uh
and when i i went to talk to uh uh john
about it uh we we'd become friends
through a mutual friend and i said it's
almost i talked about my whole theory
that we're teaching a generation the the
habits of anxious and depressed people
from cognitive behavioral therapy john
got really excited about the idea and
asked if i wanted to write about it and
i was already a fan of john's work so i
was like absolutely
yeah so i thought that his insight
into what had changed was absolutely
brilliant i had just begun to notice
this in my own teaching i've been
teaching since 1995 at the university of
virginia originally um and it was it was
seemingly overnight right around 2014
these new ideas you know students of
course are political they protest they
object to things but what was new greg
put his finger on it what was new was
the idea that these words are going to
harm me not just offend me not just be
unjust
harm me we have to protect it was this
idea that students are fragile and need
protection and
the protection should come from
administrators from adults that's what
was new and disturbing and when you guys
talked in the book about concept creep
you know and the and the over
generalization of the idea of trauma
and you know one of the things that's
really struck me as interesting about
the safe space movements and the
microaggression policies and all of that
is that it does run so contrary to what
every clinician worth his or her salt
knows about treating anxiety or
depression
and
it's
one of so so that's kind of a remarkable
uh phenomenon in itself is that
what we know clinically has been
absolutely inverted by people who are
hypothetically agitating on the part of
students mental health and it's not as
if the mental health community has
stood up on mass and denounced this
so and i also don't i don't understand
that i also don't understand how we got
here you guys talk in the book a little
bit about
your
little bit of you hypothesize a little
bit about the internet generation right
and those are the kids born after 1995.
you don't put the finger on the
millennials but
but let's talk a little bit about why
you think things changed in 2013 and
2014. yeah sure let me just first say
your point about um about how this is
not this whole
these these new ideas are not clinically
supported uh something that we suggest
in the book we don't know we don't know
the degree to which this is going on
to what extent is this a sincere desire
for protection and a sincere belief that
students are fragile and to what extent
is it the pursuing of a of a political
agenda and and making political points
and using mental health as a cover i i
think both are operative and so and it
may depend on the context um so why do
you um why do you think the first one is
operative like i because this runs so
contrary to everything that's known
about the actual protection of mental
health i'm very skeptical about
attributing
um positive motivation to it like it
seems to me that it's fundamentally
driven by resentment well it's
so uh so you're absolutely right that
the psychological community does not
support this but yet has not stood up
very vocally to condemn it so i i we are
hopeful that psychologists and
psychiatrists everyone we spoke to
agreed that and strongly yeah that's
right that
exactly the worst thing to do for
someone who suffers from ptsd is to
sweep clean their daily life of
reminders thereby denying them the
chance to to deal to habituate to
de-decondition
the uh the power of these quote triggers
in the real world yeah well it's worse
in some sense too because one of the
things you do
when you expose people who have anxiety
disorders to the things they're anxious
about is not make them less anxious but
make them more courageous
right and that's why it generalizes
because the psychoanalysts thought that
exposure would just mean the fears would
pop up somewhere else but they don't and
it's because people learn that there's
more to them than they thought and then
when you protect them not only do you
not expose them which is a big problem
but you also teach them to generalize
the idea of their weakness which is a
really terrible thing to do to people so
you couldn't invent a more
counterproductive mental health movement
and instituted on campuses if you set
out to design it and that that's
something that we always try to
emphasize and one of the things that
made it so interesting uh for for for us
to look at was uh the one thing because
you know there are anti-free speech
movements coming from students uh in the
relatively recent past the late 80s and
early 90s for example um but the thing
that was so striking was that they were
medicalizing all of these claims and i
was like you know of course i'm sitting
there going like that doesn't sound
right i talked to john he was like that
doesn't sound right and we interviewed
for the original article maybe seven
different uh clinical psychologists cbt
experts uh you know for example and the
thing i keep on trying though i i keep
on explaining it is it's as if we're
turning up what could be a minor
aversion into something more like a
phobia because we're giving it so much
more power and the worst thing of all
that we're doing uh so much of our
campuses we're turning into a schema
we're turning the idea that i'm fragile
and that i'm broken into um uh into a a
a permanent sort of self-definition so
that's why i do think that there's
there's sort of a mixed motive thing
going on here i think that we have a
self-fulfilling prophecy going on to
some degree because i do think that that
some of this kind of hopeless ideology
is actually genuinely harming students
actually making them more
anxious and depressed and of course it's
really incompatible with how you have a
free open economy you also cite
statistics to that end so one of the
things you guys concentrate on in the
book is is statistics indicating that
there has in fact been there is evidence
of a decline in mental health over the
last what is it about the last decade
uh since around 20 uh 2009 to 2012 is
when things that's the elbow that's
where things begin to to arc up and then
they go steadily up uh um to about 2015
2016 we don't know if they're still
going up or if they're plateauing uh but
this is worth going into a little bit of
detail because it was just an article in
the new york times um richard friedman
psychiatrist wrote an article something
about how oh the idea of a waving of an
increase in anxiety is a myth he said
he said it's just based on one or two
you know there's been some a couple of
self-report studies in which students
say that they're more anxious and he
dismissed that and said don't worry
america your kids aren't becoming more
anxious
so we thought we we dug into this in
detail we did not want to catastrophize
we did not want to moment a moral panic
so we didn't want to say you know oh my
god the sky is falling kids are are
depressed and anxious so we looked into
this in great detail
and we were here so we were looking for
this data in our atlantic article and it
wasn't there uh that is that there were
anecdotes everywhere people were saying
the mental health centers are swamped so
there were plenty reports from mental
health centers but isn't this just
because
kids these days are more comfortable
seeking treatment that's why the mental
health centers are swapped maybe there's
no real increase
so in our atlantic article we could not
make a strong case we left it very
speculative
but just two years later when gene
tweggy's book came out igen and she
brought in data from four national uh
nationally representative surveys
showing that it really is an increase
now again those were almost all
self-report
what convinced us what convinced us that
it's real uh is that there was a there
was a major study done published in
journal of american medical association
looking at hospital admission data so
they broke it down by gender and you
always have to look male female separate
um they broke it down by sex and by age
group within teenagers and for all of
the age groups for
of the girls teenage girls hospital
admissions for self-harm for cutting
yourself taking poison this is non-fatal
um it's flat flat flat and then right
around 2011 2012 2013 it starts going up
and up and up and of course the rate is
lowest for 11 to 13 year old girls
they're less likely to do this but the
increase was the largest
and twenty says that
social media all the social comparison
seems to be hardest on the youngest
girls
so the self-harm data confirms this is
behavioral data this is not self-report
and then the real kicker unfortunately
is suicide if you look at the suicide
statistics they show the same pattern as
the self-reported depression data which
is um if you look at the first decade of
the century so 2001 to 2010 take the
average uh number of kids who killed
themselves successfully commit suicide
the rate for boys from that decade uh
through 2015 2016 those two years of
data goes up and up and up up 25
which is gigantic there's been an
enormous increase in boys suicide the
increase for girls is 70
7-0
so boys the rate is higher for boys
because girls make many more attempts
but boys
methods so so the increase is actually
fairly parallel but as a percentage it's
much higher for girls social media at
least this is twenty's argument and we
think there's some some validity to it
twangy's argument is that the spread of
uh of iphones and social media has
brought boys in to play video games they
play a lot of video games but those
aren't actually that harmful
it's the social comparison sites it's uh
um
instagram and and other things where
girls are comparing their lives to other
girls
and feeling left out that we think we
don't know for sure but that we think is
the most powerful reason why the girls
rates have increased so much
oh sorry john's been very
dated too because even since 2007 if you
just pick 2007 we're talking about a
doubling in terms of suicide for growth
yeah but but the 2007 that was the that
was the lowest year okay so if you just
so it's that's why it's best to not take
2007. it's best to just take the average
it just bounces around there's no trend
in the first decade
okay so we could hypothesize perhaps
that there's something approximating a
positive feedback loop going on here so
imagine because i'm i'm trying to figure
out why things have got out of control
say since 2013 it's like there's been a
tipping point and so i'm going to offer
a few ideas and you guys can tell me
what you think okay so
let's think of four or five reasons
so i think there's an increase in
political perceived political
polarization and maybe real political
polarization because the mainstream
media
mainstream media is dying and as it dies
it gets it gets more attracted to
click-bait journalism and exaggerates
the degree of extremism on both sides
and that's a consequence of a
technological revolution that the threat
that they're under from
from
from internet media sources so that's
one
the next one would be
the
un
opposed rise of the post-modern marxist
doctrines that characterize disciplines
particularly like women's studies now
you guys talked about um
a woman who
generated um
intersectionality theory kimberly
crenshaw and i've been looking into kate
millet who established patriarchy theory
or one of the people who established it
and she was a radical lesbian for
political reasons and had an alcoholic
and abusive father so i think that's
quite interesting and i think that these
theories fransha and and and millet's
theories were basically ignored by
serious scholars in the in the act
academic world but they've spread and
have had a disproportionate effect on
the universities and they're combined
with a kind of marxist viewpoint that
divides the world into victimizer and
victim
and then maybe we have the what you just
added go ahead you've already given us
two big theories let's talk about that
but it's on the political polarization
absolutely we have a whole chapter
on that the way to think about this is
universities are complicated
institutions nested within a broader
society
and they're changing and the broader
society is changing and so we document
how the rise in political polarization
and here the thing to focus on is not
polarization of attitudes about abortion
or things like that
it's how much do you hate the other side
that has been going up steadily since
the 1990s and so if you have a
left-right battle it's getting more and
more intense at the same time as the
professoria is going from leaning left
to being much further on the left so we
document this in the book
that the overall left right ratio for a
variety of reasons went from uh two to
one overall including everybody two to
one in the early nineties to five to one
left right ratio by 2010 so if you have
a more politically purified institution
at a time when the electromagnetic
forces of cross-partisan hatred are
ginning up then yes you have a more
politicized institution so there's a lot
going on there it's not unique to the
left it just so happens that
universities have been polarizing left
other institutions polarized right if
you believe in diversity if you believe
that diversity makes people think better
because it challenges thoughts then a
loss of political diversity is harmful
and it's a contributor and it's not just
the uh echo chambers that we create on
the internet although although social
media does sort of pat you on the back
for having the stick of an echo chamber
as possible i'm definitely you know a
big proponent of sort of the big sort
hypothesis um and certainly lived this
experience that um we increasingly live
in in more politically homogeneous
communities now big sword of course
talks about us living in more
politically homogenous counties but
charles murray and others have done
research about how we actually live in
even more politically homogeneous city
blocks that actually we are sort of
