[Music]
Jordan it's great to to interview you
again I interviewed you back in October
last year and then made I've now made
two documentaries about you and a big
focus for rebel wisdom is kind of making
sense of the cultural moment and making
sense of your success and what it
represents and I don't know if you
remember but the very first question I
asked you back in October in the
interview was firstly what do you make
of your success so far and are you ready
for it to continue because I had I had a
sense back then that what your message
represented was something the culture
desperately needed the sort of and what
that signifies to me is a kind of
reintegration of the sacred did you have
any sense back then the the exponential
success that you were going to have
between then and now well I mean the
most likely outcome at each of the what
would you say at each point where I
might notice what's going on around me
has been that this was stopped but it
isn't stopping so I've been thinking
about that pretty much non-stop I would
say and I have some some solutions let's
say or some ideas that I didn't present
in October so one of the things I've
realized is that part of what's pushing
part of what's accounting for this the
popularity of my ideas is actually a
secondary consequence of a technological
revolution and I've seen that more
clearly since October party because I
can see the mainstream media dying at a
faster and faster rate and the
alternative media expanding faster and
faster so television radio and the
classic print media had shared one thing
in common which was a extreme
restriction in bandwidth this was
especially true of television because
each minute of television given the
necessity to broadcast in the
that was unbelievably expensive and so
there just wasn't time to do anything on
television
there's no time and so if you had
something important to say or even
something unimportant for that matter
most of the time it had to be compressed
into something approximating 30 seconds
which wouldn't even be your words it
would be a journalist common commenting
on what you said and if you were really
pushing the envelope maybe you'd have 25
minutes on a talk show that was devoted
to your ideas but then even that would
be highly scripted and so television
made people look stupider than they were
even to the producers of television
because of this narrow bandwidth the the
rise of video online and audio as well
has blown the bandwidth limitation out
of our mass communication and it turns
out that people are smarter with longer
attention spans than we thought
what happened with me was that for one
reason or another I was an early adopter
of that technology and so there's this
massive technological transformation
which is a Gutenberg revolution in the
provision of video and audio no barrier
to production because it doesn't cost
anything anyone can do it people can
communicate with it you can cut up
YouTube videos you can make your
documentaries the entry point is easy
audio podcasts and that sort of thing
which can be of indefinite length allow
people to use found time to listen more
people can listen than can read like all
of these things add up to a massive
technological revolution and it's that
upswell in technology that in part has
propelled what I've been doing to to to
to to to to to this mass audience and so
that's been a relief to figure that out
because it depersonalized is it to some
degree right and so I used the metaphor
when I've been asked about this before
of being on a wave
I'm surfing on a giant wave but the wave
isn't something that I've done it's part
of this technological revolution so
that's a relief to know that and I'm
quite convinced that that's the case
because there are other people who are
occupying the same space essentially Joe
Rogan is a very good example of that and
the various commentators on on YouTube
who've become increasingly influential
and powerful same thing driven by the
technology they happen to be early
adopters and so and then there's a
secondary question which is well is
there anything specific in relationship
to my content let's say and I would say
also that is it the case and I think
what I've been able to do with
reasonable effectiveness is to draw a
conceptual equation equivalence between
the meaning that's necessary to sustain
you in life given its suffering and
malevolence and the necessity to adopt
responsibility and I think there's
something new about that
I mean I don't know how new I'm sure I
am NOT the first person who's discovered
that but I think I've done a reasonable
job of pointing out to people that that
the suffering that's intrinsic to life
in the absence of meaning is not
tolerable it it it destroys and corrupts
and that the proper pathway out of that
isn't rights or happiness or entitlement
or or anything that's associated with
with with individual ease let's say but
with the adoption of something
approximating maximum responsibility and
people get that like it's it's not that
hard to understand when it's laid out
like that and lots of people especially
young people especially people who are
young and also somewhat nihilistic in
their orientation perhaps because of an
excess of intellectual criticism are
they grab that immediately think oh
there's the missing piece I see it's
that the the antidote to this
meaninglessness this void that I'm for
isn't hedonism it's not right it's not
impulsive pleasure it's none of that
it's responsibility it's like oh yes
okay that everything snaps into place
and so that's been I think that's the
most essential part of the message to
the degree that what I'm doing has an
essential message that would be it and I
do think that's what accounts for a
large part of its impact and you
mentioned Joe Rogan before you and here
group together in this sort of new
constellation of the intellectual dark
web what do you see is the I mean what
you make of your kind of inclusion in
this and what do you see is its role
going forward in the culture well well
it's it's it's it's like a herd of cats
right because so I've thought about well
what what what unites us to the degree
that there's an us because that's not so
self-evident there's enough of an us so
that the name emerged and it's stuck so
so there's something in common because
otherwise the name wouldn't have stuck
right you can't name nothing it doesn't
work and I've talked a fair bit about
this with Dave Rubin because Dave Rubin
and I have been touring together right
he opens my my discussions and adds a
nice comedic touch to them and so what
do we have in common
everybody in the group is an independent
practitioner so an entrepreneur
essentially with their own media
enterprise that's autonomous none of us
are serving any master except the
audience so so and and we're all
somewhat independent financially as a
consequence of that and so that makes us
beholden to no master all of us are
engaged in these long-form discussions
right and one of the consequences of
being engaged in a long-form discussion
is that you can assume that your
intelligence that your audience is
intelligent and so that's another thing
that unites everybody in the group is we
all assume that our audience is
intelligent but I think that that's not
so much a consequence of any
particular moral virtue on our parts but
an observation that the technology has
made possible it's like oh when you can
see this I would say particularly with
Roman because in some sense he's a
trailblazer in this domain it's like Oh
turns out my audience will listen to the
three-hour discussion but he wouldn't
been able to discover that without the
technology right so now to his credit he
was smart enough to discover it and
smart enough to notice it when he
discovered it and so and I think that
also characterizes the rest of the
people in this group it's like oh look
at that the audience actually wants our
listeners let's say in viewers want
detailed in-depth unscripted spontaneous
meaningful conversation and then really
are willing to go in that direction
that's the risk-taking element like I
can give an example of that so I just
did for talks with Sam Harris who's
often grouped into this group as well on
the relationship between science and
religion say or facts and values that's
another way of thinking about it with a
bit of politics thrown in discussion of
left/right differences and so on
what's the willingness to take the risk
well I had no idea when I Ament Sam in
Vancouver which was where the first two
of the four talks were held I'd never
met him before we did a two podcast
together one of which was very we got
locked in the other one which was more
productive I would say but I had no idea
of he had I could talk but we we we were
willing to willing to I guess that's
right agreed to take the risk to see if
we could talk in a public forum and and
I think that's another thing that
characterizes the people in that group
is that they will take those sorts of
risks if you go into a television studio
a classic television studio all the
conversation is scripted and it's
actually quite frustrating because you
can't have a conversation with the
journalist because the journalist isn't
there
who's there is a frontispiece for the
organization and the organization has
scripted all there
and so it's not actually like talking to
a person it's really like talking to a
puppet so for better or for worse but in
these long unscripted long-form
conversations then you can take the risk
of having a conversation and that can go
spectacularly well but it can also fail
dismally so I would say those are the
things that unite us to the degree that
the group exists I mean I admit I was in
LA a week ago and about seven of us got
together for for dinner and that was the
first time we we met as anything
approximating a group and you know it
was interesting to watch everybody
interact because as I said it really is
a herd of cats there's tremendous
diversity of political opinion and a
tremendous diversity of personality like
Eric Weinstein and Joe Rogan like
they're not even members of the same
species in some ways you know so so it's
a very fractious group but I think those
things that I outlined are the elements
that basically unite it there's also
something that I sense watching some of
the discussions there's a kind of
intellectual curiosity and a sense of
people thinking in public and and
there's also a sense of maybe the
potential for people to change their
minds or to discover things during the
conversation well that's partly the
appreciation of the intelligence of the
audience it's like and I would say it is
actually the manifestation of the
process of thinking that's more
important than the conclusions that are
generated even in these discussions that
I've been having with Harris like we are
trying to to argue out to different
viewpoints because Harris believes that
values can be derived with with with
unerring precision in some sense using
the proper methodology from facts and I
I believe that it's more complicated
than that that there has to be
intermediating structures and those are
really narrative in in their nature so
there's a technical argument as well as
a variety of sub arguments of
the relative role of traditional
religion and so forth but the outcome of
the debate about those issues is partly
what people are coming to the talks to
see to to to determine what should the
conclusions be but a much larger part
perhaps is to in to observe and engage
at least by proxy in the process of
dialogue and that's more important
because dialogue is the process by which
complex problems are solved which is
what makes me a free speech advocate
fundamentally well it's not an advocate
it's like I realized that that the
protection for free speech is protection
of the mechanism whereby complex social
problems are solved and we're were the
people in this group and many other
people as well are acting out that
dialogical process and and people are
happy about that as they should be and I
read The Spectator review of your recent
conversation I think you've now come to
the end of your debates for sam harris
and they said that you expressed a
little bit of irritation at some of the
when sand and grass some of the points
that you were making or that you didn't
fully appreciate that he'd and
understood them I also think that Sam
Harris in particular like he's built a
whole kind of personality career several
books on this atheism position do you
think that he can argue in good faith
from that perspective could he turn
around and say well actually no you're
right Jordan this atheism thing is it no
I think he was I think he was I think he
was conducting the discussion in good
faith I actually think that what Sam is
doing is a good faith project you know
he I think there's conceptual muddiness
about it but you know his basic premise
is that we could come to an agreement
that working to reduce unnecessary
misery and suffering is a universal good
okay fair enough that seems like a
reasonable proposition I don't think
it's a proposition of fact and he claims
that it is but that doesn't matter still
it's fair enough then
and then you know that's what
proposition another proposition is it
would be really good if our systems of
value weren't founded on error and what
do we have that's not error well we have
facts we have objective facts I mean
look at the technology look at what
we've done with our science it's like
you don't want to underestimate the
utility of objective fact so maybe we
can ground the value structure in the
facts it's like well that would be good
if we could do it so and and so and then
his his ethic let's say is an amalgam of
those two propositions and I think that
his project is honorable and and and I
think he's committed to it he also
rightly is concerned with the dangers of
the Fundamentalist dangers of revealed
truth and so is very skeptical about
about the axiomatic claims of dogmatic
religion yeah fair enough but his the
mechanisms that he outlines to derive
values from facts are insufficient in my
estimation I don't think that his
argument is sufficiently sophisticated
even though I don't doubt it's I don't
think that Sam is any less committed to
an ethical good it's not obvious to me
that he is than I am you know and he's
argued and discussed fully in good faith
as far as I'm concerned you know with
the with the odd error because no one is
negotiating 100% all the time in good
faith I mean that's a standard that no
one can can this can achieve but I think
the discussions have been unbelievably
productive and and we'll see that
certainly the crowds are responding I
don't think the crowds would have been
engaged if Sam wouldn't be wouldn't been
discussing in good faith you know
because the engagement is actually an
indication that a good faith discussion
is is occurring otherwise it gets dull
very very rapidly we'll see what happens
when the videos are released
and that will be in August once there
the sound is edited and all of that and
people will have a public debate about
how it how the discussion proceeded I
also think that each discussion built on
the previous one and that we both ended
up I think we both ended that more
informed and more articulate than we
started out so that's a good that's a
really good thing I certainly understand
his arguments much better than I did
well a year ago let's say and I've heard
Eric Weinstein describe sort of the
cultural moment as a kind of civil war
within the left sort of extreme left and
then the sort of moderate soft left
which are probably sort of the at least
the dominating kind of paradigm in the
media I I'm I've got a lot of
progressive friends and what I see
happening recently maybe in the last
couple of weeks is a lot of them
starting to grapple with your ideas and
looking at lasting this question what
can the left learn from Jordan Peterson
which is which is a pretty new
development because I saw a lot of kind
of reactivity to it before how can you
personally contribute to that debate and
well debate you're interesting oh yeah
absolutely
no no doubt about it no doubt about it
what one thing that I've been doing in
my tour repeatedly when I talk about the
first chapter of my book which is stand
up straight with your shoulders back
it's a discussion of hierarchies and and
their eternal nature right because my
claim is it is not my claim I think it's
mere fact that organisms that have to
cooperate and compete with other
organisms of their type inevitably
arrange themselves into hierarchies and
that's been going on for so long which
is at least 300 million years that our
nervous systems have adapted to
hierarchies as if there are permanent
element of being right more permanent
than trees like seriously permanent at
the most fundamental neurochemical the
one that regulates the entire brain
serotonin is acutely sensitive to
hierarchical distinctions and so that's
part of the prop is it so the reason
I laid that proposition forward was to
say whatever pitfalls hierarchies might
produce you cannot lay them at the feet
of the West patriarchy or capitalism
it's like that's a non-starter you're
wrong and not just a little bit wrong
you're so seriously wrong that if you
insist upon doing that you won't even
achieve your own aims because you're
actually not grappling with the problem
the problem is if hierarchies are a
problem which they are the problem is
way more serious than mere capitalism
it's way deeper and if you're actually
interested in rectifying the constantly
the negative consequences of hierarchies
then you're going to have to get a lot
more sophisticated than they're then
you're idiot Marxism so so so part of
the elaboration of that argument as well
hierarchies are inevitable because we
have to solve complex problems and we
have to solve them socially and when you
implement a solution to a complex
problem socially you produce a hierarchy
because some people are better at the
implementation than others so there's a
hierarchy of competence and then there's
a hierarchy of distribution of the
Spoils and so and in both of those
hierarchies you get a disproportionate
clumping of resources at the top and
dispossession at the bottom in the
nature of hierarchies so what's the left
for the left is to remind those who are
benefiting from the hierarchies that the
hierarchy comes at a cost and the cost
is the clumping of people at the bottom
and that that's an eternal cost and it's
not trivial and so that's what the left
should be properly focused on the Left
should be providing the voice of those
who are dispossessed by hierarchies and
the right should be saying yeah but the
damn hierarchies are necessary and
they're not only necessary but they're
also productive than the left says yes
but they tilt towards tyranny and they
