anyway okay guys well let's go for it so
gerrae
you're gonna bring us up to date yeah
so obviously a lots been happening since
since we we last spoke on this issue and
to some extent I guess what surprised me
was not the amount of lawyers and
paralegals and licensees that have not
only reached out but apparently written
to the Law Society on this statement of
principles issue but more importantly
the public I'm getting a lot of outreach
from the general public and you can look
at the the comments on the YouTube video
that we put up the general public is
concerned and they are very much
watching in terms of the legal actors
lawyers paralegals they I understand
there are a lot that have written to the
Law Society the types of people that are
reaching out to me are a broad
cross-section of the industry very
experienced lawyers very well
established lawyers constitutional
scholars are are doing their thing but
I'm also getting paralegals who sense
that there's a problem and they're also
writing one of the things that I think
has been interesting through all of this
is that the tone of the comments that
I'm or the feedback on getting has
migrated in first instance it was a
issue with okay yes this compelled
speech idea is sounds objectionable
those same people and some new people
are beginning to reach out and that and
the commentary is changing to some
extent it is now that they're beginning
to examine the underlying report itself
and they're coming to me with questions
about well what does it mean that that
the there is a systemic discrimination
and racism within the legal industry and
what's interesting is I've actually got
racialized licensees that are beaten
that are beginning to not only reach out
but also publicizing their opinions on
these things and and they're starting to
grapple with that larger question of
well what does it mean when our industry
is systemic
discriminatory so people are becoming
aware there's an awareness that's coming
about and I think a lot of that has to
do with with the media that's been
coming out in tandem with with what we
did on on YouTube yeah so the well in
the problem with the systemic racism
charge is that well it's vague that's
for sure and then it targets everyone
equally in some sense within the
profession and requires systemic
adjustment that's the other thing and
obviously has to be supported with hard
data and it isn't self-evident that the
data to support that claim is is valid
by I would say by any stretch of the
scientific imagination so I've had a
great deal of feedback as well from from
both lawyers and the general public and
they are of a mind I think as Jared
described about their concerns over the
forced speech aspects of this
requirement I think we should make note
of the kind of response that has been
generated from supporters of this policy
in response to the kinds of concerns
that have been raised and a lot of those
people who are insisting that this is a
legitimate requirement are saying that
well you know although it's called a
statement it is not forced speech it
simply governs conduct and if I might
I'll just read out a quote attributed to
the treasurer on this question that
appeared in the law times the treasurer
was quoted as saying with respect to the
statement of values this is a conduct
obligation to recognize that we have to
commit to these values and it's not a
speech obligation or a thought
obligation now just on the face of it
that statement seems strange to say the
least to say that what we have to do is
to commit and yet that's not are there a
a thought proposition or a speech
proposition today even you have to
commit
in a statement that indicate that you
have right so it begs the question of
what's the definition of commit Oh
correct yes and and the way that they're
portraying it is that this is simply a
an articulation of the obligations that
lawyers already have and both the rules
of professional conduct and and in the
Human Rights Code which which is clearly
not the case nowhere in the rules of
professional conduct or in the Human
Rights Code is there any obligation upon
anyone to promote anything well and also
if if we if you already have that
obligation then why is it necessary to
add this additional layer of let's call
it obedience yes well let's just let's
just note the the two the two
contradictions in the portrayal of this
on the one hand it is described as not a
big deal there are no immediate
sanctions to follow you don't have to
send the statement in you just have to
write it you just put it in your own
file so we're not worried about it it's
it's it's it's no big thing why are you
so concerned about it and on the other
hand they are emphasizing how central
this is to the project that they have
set out and and and there are many
people who have suggested essentially
that if you are not willing to do this
statement and indicate you are agreement
with a certain set of values then you
should not be allowed to be a lawyer and
practice in Ontario great well that
certainly seems to be the endgame and my
sense is being watching this that
because of the public pressure they're
backing off to some degree in their
public statements by moving forward into
the future at some indeterminate date
the actual sanctions that will be
applied so that right now from a public
relations perspective it looks like this
isn't a draconian measure and might as
well also remind people that mean they
might wonder while I'm here my concern
when I first encountered this was that I
know and I know with that sinking
feeling you get when you can predict the
future accurately and you don't like
your prediction that
if the Law Society prevails with this
that the rest of the professional
organizations in Canada will follow in
lockstep very very rapidly and will end
up in a situation where every
professional in Canada is required to
pen a statement of principles that are
essentially required by by their their
colleges espousing a particular
political and not only political but
philosophical and worldview philosophy
or risk losing their licenses and I mean
I know in the legal in the law society
already you have to there's a
requirement that you have to undertake
training in relationship to equity
diversity and inclusivity right that's
part of what they're requiring well
let's just read that out one of the
recommendations in this roster of
recommendations that convocation has
passed is recommendation nothing and the
third part of recommendation nine reads
as follows the Law Society will require
each licensee to complete three hours of
an accredited program focused on
equality and inclusion with within the
first three years following the adoption
of these recommendations and one hour
per year there every year thereafter
which will count towards professionalism
hours for that year so in other words it
is exactly as you described Jordan there
will be training now so that you have
the right attitude about these matters
right and I can just imagine what that
training will be like so MOU well there
was some commentary in the underlying
report about unconscious bias training
and and I know Jordan that you've you've
had some discussions about that and some
of your your public works yeah well
there is absolutely no evidence
whatsoever that unconscious bias
training produces the results intended
first of all the relationship between
unconscious bias say as assessed by the
implicit association test which is a
pathological misuse of a psychological
instrument even the people who designed
it have grudgingly admitted that there's
there a relationship between those
implicit prejudices so to speak which
aren't even recognized universally by
psychologists as implicit prejudices the
relationship between them in any
behavior is very very small it accounts
for very little of overt behavior and
then the evidence that you can train
people out of those unconscious biases
is zero so this is this is misuse of
science and education at every level
from a scientific perspective it's the
inappropriate politicization of a very
new line of inquiry in social psychology
and if the people who designed the IAT
in my estimation had an ounce of of in
what would you say intellectual
integrity they would denounce the misuse
of their test because it doesn't fit the
requirements that psychologists have
laid down for validity or reliability
and that's partly why it's not
admissible in court for example so well
the committees that are selecting our
judges currently are being put through
unconscious bias training and so I
questioned whether or not the Law
Society will will heed the warning that
you just put out there but yeah it's
very unlikely and and so you know I've
already decided that with regards to my
clinical license if I was required to
undertake this kind of reeducation
program and to pan a statement of
principles of that sort that I just give
up my license so the only way I'm doing
that so the public that's the one thing
I wanted to let you know is that you're
not alone Jordan the the the the
groundswell of public feedback that that
I'm seeing and receiving directly into
my office has been significant people
recognize exactly what we talked about
on the last video that that the legal
industry and lawyers in particular are
supposed to be that that bulwark against
this type of overreach and so they
really very much there's a there's a
large segment of the population that are
worried they see that if the lawyers
fall down then the rest will fall can we
just make a note of one argument that
has been made in favor of the statement
which is that you know lawyers are
already subject to a a set of ethical
obligations and this is just one more an
extension of the same kind of idea but
there is a significant difference
between the kind of ethical obligations
that exist which are essentially neutral
non
political obligations that were late to
the way that our adversarial
adjudication system is supposed to work
so just for example every lawyer has an
ethical obligation to avoid a conflict
of interest you can't represent both
sides in a dispute because that would be
contrary to the way our our adversarial
system is supposed to function that
doesn't that doesn't make any sense you
can't represent both sides in a dispute
but that ethical obligation doesn't have
political content doesn't matter whether
you are a socialist or a conservative or
a classical liberal or anywhere on this
political spectrum the the if you are
functioning in this legal system it only
makes logical sense that you must
proceed without in the absence of a
conflict of interest which is this
substantially different proposition than
the proposition that these requirements
are based on which are as as Jordan that
you mentioned earlier these are
politically charged and have substantive
political content in them the law
society is essentially saying that
unless you adhere to a certain ideology
that you are not fit to practice law
well it's also an admission that this is
and this is I think the more perhaps
even the more dangerous element of this
is that to undertake re-education with
regards to your political beliefs
surrounding or even factual beliefs
surrounding equity diversity and
inclusivity is to act out by implication
the fact that you need that re-education
because you're part of the problem of
systemic racism and you know it's very
it's very psychologically significant to
act out an admission of your guilt
because what happens is generally
speaking is that people then
retroactively Lee alter their self
images and start to wonder about such
things you know because they're either
cowards for for going along with thee
with the requirements or liar's for
producing a statement of principle that
they don't actually agree in or they
start to tilt their beliefs in the
direction that's required by that
demands and that's usually what happens
and so and I'm quite convinced that the
people who do this sort of thing who
make these requirements know that and
that it's a it's a manipulation on their
part to tilt political belief overtly
and so it you can't act these things out
without it having psychological
consequences and and consequence it's
moral consequences let's say so it's
like very intrusive the the other thing
Bruce it's important to remember is I
mean the dichotomy between belief
thought and conduct currently lawyers in
Ontario are subject to the rules of
professional conduct and and I right now
we have an obligation to act in a
certain way and to refrain from acting
in other ways and one of the rules of
professional conduct is you know thou
shalt not discriminate and I don't think
anybody would argue with that in that
out shall act in accordance with the
with the human rights regime and and
associated codes across Canada nobody
could argue with that
but this statement of principles is
crossing the line into thought and
opinion and and one of the
recommendations I would note in the in
the report is recommendation number one
they're actually proposing to review and
amend where appropriate the rules of
professional conduct the paralegal rules
of conduct and commentaries to reinforce
the professional obligations of all
licensees to recognize acknowledge and
promote principles of equality diversity
and inclusion now I find that
fascinating because you're gonna you're
going to amend a rule of conduct to to
include all of a sudden a an affirmation
of thought and to insist upon promotion
as well because obviously very
ill-defined yes so with let's just go
back to the words just just to make this
point so again I'm going back to a a a
quote attributed to the Treasurer in the
law times piece he says this the
statement of values is an obligation to
promote equality diversity and inclusion
generally which is nothing more than the
obligation lawyers have already but when
you go to the rules of professional
conduct it says a lawyer has special
responsibility to respect the
requirements of
rights laws enforce in Ontario and to
honor the obligation not to discriminate
on the grounds of race has to be place
of origin color etc etc that's exactly
as you just said Jarrod this describes
an obligation to observe the law and
though and this law consists of
prohibitions that is the obligation that
lawyers are under no doubt about it that
they must do so but that is not include
an obligation to endorse and it is not
include an obligation to promote right
and we should also point out just in
case it needs to be said that none of
the three of us disagree with the idea
that people shouldn't be discriminated
against for reasons that have nothing to
do with their competence agreed agreed
if not what this is about and it might
also be useful to talk for a moment also
about the word equality use equality has
two competing legal meanings and and the
law society has not defined which one of
them they mean explicitly but it's clear
by implication which one they mean and
the two choices are formal equality or
substantive equality or support equality
of results and the two things are quite
different formal equality simply means
that the same rules of conduct apply to
everybody regardless of background of
wealth
lineage of heritage and so on same rules
apply to everybody in the same way
equality of results means that everybody
ends up in the same place and and note
that these two ideas of equality are
diametrically opposed and inconsistent
with each other because if you have
formal equality applying the same rules
to everybody because everybody is
different you're going to have different
results for everybody if you insist upon
the same results from everybody that
means you need different rules for
everybody for them to end up in the same
place so you cannot have both formal
equality and substantive equality
together and traditionally the rule of
law has included the notion of formal
equality right you have a properly
functioning rule of law that means you
have the same rules apply to everybody
without regard to who they are well the
problem with it with equality of outcome
which is now often termed equity is that
you can group people each individual in
the multitude of different ways and it's
impossible to produce equality of
outcome across all those different
dimensions of the comparison so it's a
never-ending struggle to produce
equality of outcome it's it's
technically impossible and and societies
that have tried that have had well it's
been absolutely catastrophic and their
noses terribly divisive it is also
contrary to that fundamental legal
proposition that justice is blind
justice is supposed to be blind to all
of those personal certain
characteristics that one has whether
it's race or color or gender or wealth
or background or lineage or or political
connection whatever it happens to be a
properly functioning judicial system
doesn't take account of who you are it
simply takes account of the rules that
exist and tries to ensure that that rule
those rules are enforced equally in the
same way with an even hand against
everybody and this so-called well the
data that has been generated is also
predicated on the implicit acceptance of
an equality of outcome doctrine because
the fact that every group isn't equally
represented at outcome is in the data
point that's being used to indicate
systemic racism that's right yeah and so
the so then you also think well what if
you what if you're in a situation where
as a professional and an informed
professional you don't agree with the
with the conclusions drawn from the data
set that there is indication of systemic
racism I mean is that now a belief that
you don't get to have because if you are
forced to write this statement of
principles and alter your conduct then
you're acting out the proposition that
you accept the conclusion that the
reason there are some differences in
representation across groups is because
the enterprise is the whole legal
enterprise is systemically racist and
thereby you're also thereby admitting
your own culpability in relationship to
that
and the corruption of the entire legal
system and that me that you should be
required to admit to that if you don't
agree with it and that's the arc of the
commentary as I mentioned at the outset
is that it started in one place and the
feedback I'm getting now is very much in
that place that people are beginning to
question okay what does it mean the
findings of this report for me
personally and for my industry and and
what does the data say say and people
are digging down on it in fact I just
read an article the other day that said
that there's actually been a doubling in
the representation of racialized
licensees within the industry between
2011 and 2014 you know that's not
something I think a lot of people
