so our next speaker certainly does not
need any introduction he is the man you
cornered by his seat he is the man you
cornered in the foyer and he is the man
you cornered outside the bathroom so
please put your hands together for dr.
Peterson
[Applause]
so I was kind of perplexed about what I
was going to say today because I'm not a
media expert by any stretch of the
imagination but I was speaking with
Jonathan paggio this morning because
he's staying in the same same era B&B as
my wife and I and he suggested that I
talk to you about my experiences with
media over the last year and I thought
well that's a that's something I know
about so it's always good when you're
talking to people to talk to some talk
about something that you know about
that's actually a really good tip for
public speaking right if well it's
really true you have to remember that
you should know about three times as
much about the topic as as you need to
talk about the topic and then you have
places you can go and you know you can
wander around a little bit and be a
little spontaneous so that's really
useful and but then I also thought that
makes sense because nobody knows
anything about the situation with
regards to the media now and so we're
all feeling our way and so because the
technological transformations are so
rapid and you know they're going to come
one after the other in the next 10 years
I don't think we can even imagine what's
coming down the pipes and we're all
struggling to keep up and you know we
don't even know how much of the current
state of more radical political
polarization is actually a secondary
consequence of technological
transformations that we don't understand
because I was thinking today about you
know about Facebook and about Twitter
and about YouTube and about the idea
that people are in an echo chamber and
I'm not really sure that's the right
metaphor I think we might be in an
amplifier rather than an echo chamber
you know on I've thought for a long time
that when I'm when I'm thinking about
the effect of the individual I read
something that Solzhenitsyn said at one
point and I think he was citing a an
ancient Christian theologian who defined
the universe as a place that's whose
circumference was nowhere and whose
center was everywhere and I really like
that idea it's I think it's actually
relatively true from a technical
perspective like from a physical
perspective but Solzhenitsyn pointed out
that each of us was to be regarded as a
center of the cosmos and and that
have the power that's associated with
that and I've thought about that a lot
because there's something about it
that's a that's it's either obviously
true or it's true enough so that we all
acted out when we interact with each
other because we treat each other like
conscious beings who have a destiny and
who have choices and who make choices
that are important and who make choices
that can be good or bad or even good and
evil we all act like that so we act that
out and I was thinking that you can
think of Network models in that way you
know you can think of human beings as
like nine billion dots in a row and
there's no connections between the dots
and then you sort of like a dust mote in
the wind and who the hell cares what you
think anyways and you don't have any
impact on things or you can recognize
that you're at the center of a networked
system and that you know you know a
thousand people or you will in your
lifetime or perhaps more than a thousand
people and then they know a thousand
people so you're separated by one person
from a million and two people from a
billion and that's a much better way to
think and we are seriously networked
together and we're networked together
more now than we ever have been and so
one of the things that that might mean
is that the choices you make are
amplified and distributed not only far
faster than they ever have been but with
far more impact and you know one of the
things that Carl Jung pointed out was
that he had this idea that when science
that that elk you know alchemy is the
root of science in some sense it's this
dreamlike substrate out of which science
emerged and but alchemy was kind of a
weird at mixture of religious thinking
and scientific thinking because those
two things haven't been differentiated
back when there were alchemists and you
believed that what had happened in in
Europe at least first was that the
scientific end of alchemy blew up and
expanded at an exponential rate and that
led to this advanced technological
civilization that we have but that the
moral dimension that was embedded in the
religious symbolism didn't develop at
all and so we're in this unstable
situation where we're far more
technologically proficient than we are
wise and that that's actually a big
problem because obviously the more
powerful the tools you generate the more
intelligent ethically you better be or
things are going to really
are going to go to hell in a handbasket
very very rapidly you know I had this
thought I think I shared it a little bit
last night that you know in the next
five years six years we're gonna develop
pretty viciously intelligent AI systems
and that's already happening you know I
mean they're monitoring YouTube and
they're monitoring Facebook and they're
monitoring Google and they're trying to
make ethical decisions these AI systems
and the problem is is that the ethical
presuppositions of the programmers are
being embedded into the infrastructure
of the net and that's a hell of a thing
to think because it means that for
better or worse we're building automated
intelligences that reflect our own
morality and we better be very careful
about what our morality is if we're
going to automate it because automated
systems are incredibly powerful so so
that's that's kind of that's where we're
at at least to some degree in terms of
the new technological transformations
with in in communication technology you
know it puts each of us at the at the
center of a wide web of connections and
makes the consequences of our moral
decisions much more immediately manifest
to each of us it kind of begs the
question to like how should you behave
on Facebook and how should you behave on
Twitter I think Twitter drives me a
little bit crazy you know I'm on it a
fair bit I'm not sure it's a good thing
and I tend to distribute things that are
alarming let's say in some sense maybe
they are alarming ideological or
ideologically they're disturbing and I
was thinking about that today in
preparation for this talk and I wasn't
really sure that was necessarily a good
idea because there are a lot of alarming
things happening all the time everywhere
obviously and now we can share all of
them always all the time and so that
means that instead of hearing about one
alarming thing a day you're hearing
about like 500 alarming things a day and
so then you know what are you supposed
to do about that is that does that
indicate the state that there's a state
of emergency well you don't know because
you don't know how to calibrate the
information so I was thinking well maybe
the right way to behave on Twitter is
only to forward good things that are
happening you know because there's lots
of good things that are happening but I
actually don't know the answer to that I
have no idea and I don't think anybody
else does either I do know that there
are studies with regards to Facebook
that show that the more time
you spend on Facebook the more depressed
you are and that it looks like it's a
causal relationship rather than just a
correlational relationship and it seems
to have something to do with the fact
that Facebook is one of those platforms
where everybody puts up an advertisement
for their life right it's like Here I am
with my new girlfriend in the Bahamas
being happy and Here I am in a mountain
being happy and it's like it's not you
like miserable with a cover over your
head unable to get out of bed you don't
you don't you don't broadcast that you
can think well that means you're
presenting people with a falsely
positive view of your life and then they
compare their lives to it and they come
up short and you think well that's a
kind of deception but by the same token
you don't stop random strangers on the
street and tell them how miserable your
life is right they don't want to hear
about that they they want to see a
facade of normality in in in you know
just casual day-to-day interactions and
so part of pro-social behavior is only
to put what's at least you know
normative and good forward so it doesn't
matter I mean so I don't think that's
necessarily deception but the mass
consequence of that is something that we
don't understand at all
and so well so with that sort of
introduction I'm gonna kind of walk you
through my experience with social media
and let's say the old media for lack of
a better word and I'll try to give you a
balance to count and to tell you well
and to see if I can draw some
conclusions about what's happened I mean
my life for the last year has been so
busy that I haven't had proper time to
reflect on what's been happening and
even if I did I wouldn't I'm not exactly
sure I would be able to understand it
anyways because it isn't sure I'm not I
don't think I have a framework of a
reference within which to put it so I
started working for this company called
television TV Ontario about 1516 years
ago I had talked to a producer his name
was what action Berg
he's a immigrated Polish Jew and a
really smart guy and he phoned me up at
the University and one of the things
that distinguishes me to some degree
from my colleagues is that I'll talk to
the press and that I'm actually not
afraid of them or distrustful of them
like a lot of my colleagues not all of
them are
like they're critical of the press
Hartley in an arrogant way and partly in
a defensive way they say well they
always get it wrong it's like well first
of all there isn't that they and they
don't always get it wrong and you know
they'll also shy away from the press as
if they're being intruded upon when the
truth is generally speaking the ideas
that they're putting forward aren't of
sufficient interest in draw public
attention anyways and so but I talked to
audit for a long time and he invited me
to go on a couple of shows and then then
I ended up on TV owes the agenda which
is a pretty good public affairs show
it's one of the few I would say deep
news shows left that that are on normal
broadcast TV and you know they go into
issues in some depth although they've
fragmented that up a bit in recent years
and I became a fairly common guest on
those shows and people seem to like what
I was saying which always surprised me I
mean but but it was good because you
know it must be pretty damn horrible to
put yourself out in the public eye and
face primary criticism for what you're
doing I think that would be unbearable
in some sense unless you were very very
strongly constituted and then well that
went on for a while and modak was
running this series called big ideas
which was actually quite prescient you
know so he had lecturers come to Toronto
and and he had all pretty much all the
major public intellectuals in the world
over a period of about five years or six
years or so come and deliver bare-bones
lectures of this sort fundamentally and
he'd taped them and put them on TV you
know and and that was sort of unheard of
the production quality was well high but
not over produced weren't multiple
cameras and edits and an intelligent
commentary from people in the background
it was purely content driven you know
and it actually got pretty popular on on
iTunes and you can still find the
lectures there but TV Oh couldn't they
they they pulled the show even though
their primary mandate from the
government was to educate the public and
this was a very low-budget show with
very high quality Minds that people were
actually watching and downloading a
on iTunes but they they didn't seem to
take the non-standard media with any
degree of seriousness and you know
that's kind of a common human attribute
which is that if you don't know about
something you don't take it seriously
right and it's because if you don't know
about it well it's just gray and fuzzy
right to you
you have no differentiated knowledge so
it's easy to oversimplify it and I think
part of the problem with the classical
media let's say trying to make a
transition to the digital age is that
they have no idea what the digital media
is like I was watching an MSNBC clip the
other day about this robot I think her
name is Sophia who who has a fairly
advanced degree of artificial
intelligence and who can manifest pretty
realistic human facial emotions and it
was a four-minute clip and at a
30-second ad at the beginning of it and
you couldn't skip the ad and I thought
there's a real arrogance on the part of
the MA MSNBC people to put that on
YouTube because anybody who's familiar
with the YouTube let's say culture knows
that well you get to put a 10-second ad
on and then you get to skip it after
five seconds if you want like you can't
ask people to pay 30 seconds of
attention for four minutes of content it
violates the norms and so it had only
had about 12,000 views and that's a
really interesting example of Marshall
McLuhan's idea that the medium is the
message right as you build a new
technological infrastructure and it's
sort of like the old thing because
YouTube is sort of like a TV network but
it's also not like a TV network at all
partly for example because when you put
something on YouTube it's permanent
that's way different than broadcast TV
like it's RIT seriously revolutionarily
different and so and it's also the case
to that and then this is a strange thing
and I don't think the classic media
understands this either is that YouTube
people don't like high production values
in fact they're very cynical about them
and I think that's because they've come
to identify advanced editing and glitz
as markers that the information is
actually being manipulated which of
course it is now for better or worse I
mean editing doesn't have to be
manipulating but it certainly can be and
so and besides that a lot of
more tech-savvy people that watch
YouTube can duplicate those sort of
special effects in their own home in
half an hour so they're not that they're
they're no longer markers of the kind of
competence and technological prowess
that would signal the sort of competence
that you could trust so so what YouTube
viewers seem to like is basically
ordinary people more or less trying to
have an intelligent conversation about
something confusing and important and
indeed the the attention span that
people are willing to devote to that is
actually quite remarkable for for a
medium that was nothing but cute cat
videos say five years ago the fact that
like a lot of my lectures and like Joe
Rogan's podcast like three hours long
it's like what the hell people weren't
supposed to have that capacity to pay
attention in this era of fragmented
attention you know and Rogin I don't
know if you know this or not he has a
hundred and twenty million downloads a
month now
so that's 1.5 billion downloads a year
and so the last time I saw him and that
was with Brett who just spoke I I asked
him what it was like to be the most
powerful interviewer the world has ever
seen because I think he probably is if
you think about it in sheer numbers I
mean maybe Walter Cronkite back in the
60s had some comparable influence but he
said I just don't think about it and
like what what the hell is he supposed
to think about it
because no one knows what to think about
that and so he just has the
conversations and posts them and away he
goes but he has no idea what role he's
currently playing in society and we
don't have proper metrics for measuring
it and we don't understand it at all so
anyways I did these big idea lectures
with with woad ekend and they were
ranked on on the TV old channel and the
five lectures or six lectures I did all
ended up in the top 20 which really
surprised me but was an indication that
there was something about what I was
talking about that for which there was a
market and now there's there's some
reasons for that I think you know when I
I wrote a book from 1984 to 1999 called
maps of meaning and a lot of the things
I talk about come out of all the reading
I did during that period cuz I was
reading and then
same amount and thinking really non-stop
16 hours a day like the only way I could
stop myself from thinking was to go
workout with weights I couldn't shut off
my my concern with the issues that I was
dealing with and I was spending about 3
hours a day writing and I did that every
day for 15 years and that was the
consequence that was the book and the
writing also helped a tremendous amount
because it helps clarify your thinking
writing you know because actually you're
smarter when you write because you can
externalize your thoughts and then you
can you can use your working memory to
analyze what you've written instead of
remembering the thought and so you're
externalizing your memory you can
analyze what you thought you can refine
it you can reorder it you can edit like
mad with a word processor which is also
a very new thing to editing is very
difficult if you have to do that with
pen and paper with a typewriter it's
like forget it you you get your first
draft and that's it and so but what I
was doing with maps of meaning was I was
trying to solve a problem and the
problem was it was the problem as far as
I was concerned that underlie the
conflict between the Western world and
the Communist world essentially and that
problem was well the reason it was a
problem was because we were so highly
armed even as we are now and of course
that problems manifesting itself once
again with North Korea that might render
everything we're talking about
completely irrelevant right we because
we don't know which catastrophe is the
one most worth worrying about but I was
interested in the conflict between the
Communist way of looking at the world in
the western way of looking at the world
and I think I actually had a postmodern
concern with that because one of the
things I was curious about was well the
world is susceptible to a multitude of
interpretations and opinions and the
communist interpretation is ones form of
interpretation and the Western
capitalist democratic form of
interpretation is another form of
interpretation and is there any grounds
on which you can determine that one of
those is superior to the other or more
correct than the other or is it a matter
purely of opinion and social
organization or maybe even warfare to
determine who's going to be the victor
maybe there's no other
determining who's going to be the victor
of an actual conflict it's certainly
possible and so I started to look
underneath belief structures and I
didn't know you could do that really to
