hi there
I guess I'm on my son isn't here tonight
so I'm doing this in my relatively
technologically clueless manner there's
one thing I've noticed about getting
older
I have kept up with computer technology
pretty well I would say but I do find
maybe because of the demands on me in
the last year maybe I'm not stupider
it's possible
so anyways hi everyone nice to see you
here looks like I've got the chat
working is everything working looks like
it all right so I'm going to start with
some questions that people sent me
anyways thank you for all be for all you
you for being here by the way it's very
much appreciated it's quite remarkable
as far as I'm concerned that you tuned
in to listen to me talk with you I
definitely do appreciate it so I'm going
to start with some of the questions that
people sent me earlier and I'll keep an
eye on the chat YouTube chat as well so
hopefully the audio is good what about
that how's the audio there guys
so now Adam W Patterson asked me a
question that got 410 votes he said I am
a web software developer are you hiring
or can I volunteer for anything I can
build anything I can automate things I
could simply be an assistant of sorts
thank you for your time well what I
would like to say about that is first
Thank You Adam it's much appreciated and
a lot of people have volunteered their
time to me and their and their
technological expertise and as much as
I'd like to make use of it that simple
truth of the matter is that I'm
sufficiently overwhelmed by the
complexity of my life at the moment that
it's very difficult to undertake a new
collaborative project with anyone I mean
generally speaking before all this
political what would you call it before
all these political events overtook my
life I was already scheduled probably
about six months to a year
you know all my time was already eaten
up and of course the addition of
everything that's happened in the last
year - that has occupied my time to a
degree that is was is really somewhat
unimaginable and so I just can't take on
additional help which is so strange
because you think that help is help and
that it would save time but you know
it's very difficult to enter into a
collaborative relationship with someone
and especially if you want to give them
credit and do things properly so at the
moment I'm afraid that I can't entertain
any such offers even though I'd like to
and there may come a time in the future
especially when I'm hopefully starting
to work more on this online university
project I've got a few projects to
finish up before that the new
personality test which we've just about
dawdled bugs worked out of and also the
high school version of the Future
authoring program are all we're all set
up long before any of this happened so I
have to clear them out before I can
concentrate on a new project and I
finished a book over the last couple of
years - called twelve rules for life an
antidote to chaos which is now available
by the way if you're interested on
Amazon for pre-order and so anyways this
is my round about way of saying thank
you very much but I can't accept more
help at the moment because my time is
too restricted to make proper use of it
so um plays Noren how to use the results
in the new personality test for progress
in life try to compensate some sites
that that received fewer points well at
the risk of sounding self-serving that's
actually why we developed the self
authoring suite was to help people
improve their let's say performance and
mental health now we don't have direct
evidence that will that will improve
personality but I suspect that that
evidence would take a very long time to
accumulate what we do know is that the
self Arthur and suite especially the
future Arthur ensuite helps people helps
University students for example stay
enrolled in university increases
the probability of that by about 25% and
increases grade point average by about
the same and there's good theoretical
reasons for assuming that writing is a
good way of writing about yourself and
about your past and about your future is
a good way of catalyzing personality
transformation because it appears that
personality the human psyche is
organized at the highest level of
abstraction using something like self
narrative and a well-developed narrative
makes a frame for your life and helps
you stabilize your negative emotions and
also experience more positive emotion
because you only experience positive
emotion relationship to a goal and that
can make goal-directed activity a lot
more rewarding so you know it's a lot
easier to engage in activities that
aren't intrinsically rewarding if
they're linked to something that you
really find important and so I would say
if you want to work on your personality
well the first thing you have to do is
figure out who it is that you want to be
and then you have to make a plan and
maybe you have to clean up your past as
well and the self authoring suite was
designed you know quite carefully in
order to help people do that with a
relative minimum of effort not that it's
easy because it's not but a relative
minimum minimum of effort compared to
other technologies let's say and like
like long term psychotherapy and to make
it cost-effective as well so okay so
mm-hmm another question
voted out 77 votes Australia is holding
a plebiscite on whether to legalize gay
marriage I'm against the yes campaign
but only because it's backed by cultural
Marxists I'm curious to hear your views
on gay marriage
well I would be against a to of was
backed by cultural Marxists because it
isn't clear to me that it will satisfy
the ever increasing what would you call
demand for an assault on traditional
modes of being now with regards to gay
marriage specifically that's a really
tough one for me because you know I can
imagine
I can't do anything really other than
spoke platitudes about it I suppose
unfortunately you know if if the marital
vows are taken seriously then it seems
to me that it's a means whereby gay
people could be integrated more
thoroughly into standard society and
that's probably a good thing and maybe
that would decrease promiscuity which is
a public health problem although
obviously that's not limited to gay
people
although gay men tend to be more
promiscuous than average probably
because there's no women to bind them
with regards to their sexual activity
the problem is is that it does seem to
me to be part of a wedge and it isn't
obvious to me that that legalizing gay
marriage has done anything to decrease
the demands that the radical left
neo-marxist types are placing on
traditional society so those are my
views I know they're confused you know
because I'm in favor of extending the
bounds of traditional relationships to
people who wouldn't be involved in a
traditional long term relationship but
I'm concerned about the undermining of
traditional modes of being including
marriage which you know has technically
and and historically being a union
between a man and a woman fundamentally
for the purpose of raising children in a
stable and and an optimal and stable
environment so and marriage has already
taken a fair bit of damage over the last
few decades you know poor people are
increasingly less likely to be married
and that's really not good for them as
far as I'm concerned
hi I'm currently going through a hard
time as a first-time mom with a nine
month old I feel depressed and anxious
and I'm highly neurotic and volatile can
you suggest anything to help me be a
better mom well you know lots of people
have a hard time with their nine months
old I guess the first question would be
are you getting enough sleep do you have
enough help
are you eating enough especially in the
morning you know and you're gonna feel
highly neurotic and volatile too
some degree because well you've been
through quite a physiological trauma and
it's very demanding to have a newborn
baby so the best thing I could say not
knowing you is to make sure that you
have people around that you can talk to
about your baby and that you can and and
that you can take a break when you need
to and have someone spell you I mean
that's often the role that a husband
plays in the first year of a baby's life
is that he can he's supposed to watch
the mother to make sure that she doesn't
get overwhelmed by the demands of the
baby and so I would hope that you're
able to ask for support when you need it
and not to be afraid of asking for
support especially to get arrest and to
get something to eat because that's
really important especially in the
morning other than that I can't tell you
anything really specific unfortunately
given that I don't know anything about
the specifics of your situation if it
gets out of hand you know what you
should go the other thing I should say
is if it gets out of hand you should go
speak with your with your doctor with a
professional because you might have
postpartum depression there's some
dispute about whether that exists and as
an independent diagnostic entity but you
can certainly be physiologically
stressed and if you have a
predisposition to depression then that
kind of physiological stress and sleep
disruption can bring it on
so I would say if it really gets out of
hand don't hesitate to go talk to
someone professional you know it's it
may be necessary to do that because you
don't want to fall too far down the hall
that's for sure so Emma jovanovich says
dr. Peterson I want to thank you because
this isn't a question for what you do
I'm a 22 year old girl and your videos
are helping me so much with figuring my
life out you are alone or helping me be
braver every day well I'm really happy
about that you know what I like your
emphasis on bravery you know because one
of the things that we've learned as
clinicians say is that when you help
people overcome anxiety it isn't that
you make them less anxious necessarily
although I think you can do that to some
degree by having people confront some of
the demons in their past but instead of
making them less anxious you make them
braver and that's not
the same thing right because there's
lots of reason to be anxious the world's
full of uncertainty and fear and reasons
for fear and reasons for pain but to be
braver means to confront those
voluntarily and that's really a good
thing
when will the next Bible lecture occur
October 24th will be three of them
before the end of December and I want to
keep them going into the future they
they've been quite successful I would
say and I would like to go through the
whole book although that would probably
take me the rest of my life but I do
really think it's necessary because it
is the case that the specific narratives
and the meta-narrative that are that are
embedded in the biblical stories and its
surrounding literature are at the
fundament of Western culture and we need
to reconnect with that in order to make
sure that that our culture stays strong
and I don't think it's particularly
strong right now and that's a very bad
that's a very bad thing for everyone it
leads to nihilism and despair and and in
an ability to plan for a meaningful
future and cynicism and all of those
things and that's especially bad for
young people because when you're young
and your life is ahead of you it's the
last the last time that you need to be
nihilistic and cynical it's definitely
not good so
dart pyar 2 says how can you dispute the
theory that Jesus is just a rewrite of
the sun-god myth well I wouldn't
necessarily dispute that theory although
I would dispute the just I mean the
strange things about the biblical
stories and let's say about the New
Testament stories is that they echo
across multiple levels of analysis and
so there is an astrological element to
the Christ story that Jung wrote about a
fair bit in a book called ion which is a
very terrifying book and there are
echoes of the myths of the Sun God and
but the funny thing is and this is one
of the things I can't really understand
about the biblical stories is that they
manifest themselves at multiple levels
of interpretation simultaneously and you
could say that that's merely a
consequence of continual historical
reworking and I suppose that could be
the case but the fact that they manifest
themselves as a personal story and as a
cosmic story and as a historical story
and as a mythological story and that it
all works at the same time strikes me as
as pointing to something that's really
somewhat beyond our current level of
understanding
I can't elaborate on that a lot because
it would take us into places that I
really would rather not go but I do
believe that like there's something
synchronous using Jung's terminology
about the about death and resurrection
story and the synchronous element is is
associated with the fact that the story
echoes across so many levels of analysis
and my sense is that when something
echoes across many levels of analysis
that means that it's approaching
something like a very deep truth so I
know that isn't normally how we go about
determining what constitutes truth but
we don't know everything about how to
determine what constitutes truth yet and
there are many things that we have yet
to figure out and that's certainly one
of them as far as I'm concerned so there
is a sun-god myth element certainly and
parallels between Christ and Horus for
example but that doesn't mean you can
just say it's just a rewrite
I don't think that the I don't think
that that's historically or a
psychologically accurate
have you watched Rick and Morty no I
haven't many people have told me to
watch Rick and Morty although they said
it's very dark and well that doesn't
bother me so much I suppose although I'm
plenty dark perhaps without adding to it
so but I would like to watch it and I
probably will so I would love for you to
do come and do a talk in Montreal well
you never know that might happen I've
been talking to God saw the both doubt a
fair bit you know he's coming to Toronto
November 11th
so we can do the talk that was shut down
by Ryerson back in August so I'm looking
forward to that so what's the best way
to stop drinking alcohol and start doing
my best in my psychology degree it's
affecting my study but I can do very
well if I stop I'm 26
well Paul what I would say is I think
you should do the future authoring
program and you should really
concentrate there's a section in it that
helps you determine what your positive
view of your future would be but another
section that helps you determine what
would happen in your life if your
negative habits got out of control and
one of the things that can really help
you control your alcohol intake is to
really really think through what you're
giving up and where you could be in five
years if you don't get it under control
and proclivity to alcoholism can be a
really vicious thing you know lots of
people get dragged down into the mud by
alcohol excessive alcohol intake
especially if they're sensitive to the
opiate response that alcohol can produce
you could tell that if you when you
drink you know you get alert and let's
say more enthusiastic and energetic and
then you don't want to stop drinking
that's a that's definitely a bad sign
with regards to developing alcoholism so
I would say you need to figure out
something that's that's more important
to you than drinking and also think
through very hard the negative
consequences of continuing it you're at
about the age 26 where you should stop I
mean guys who are going to stop
generally starts slow down pretty pretty
intensely around that age you know get
also treating your psychology studying
as a full-time job can also be helpful
so you know get up at 8:00 morning or
7:30 in the morning and start hitting
the books by 9:00 and put in a 6 to 8
hour date and then even if you do keep
drinking at least you're moving forward
so that's what I can say about are you a
science fiction fan you reference
timeline Starship Troopers in a lecture
and your ideas often remind me of
Harry's Elton's plan from ASA mobs
Foundation series hey well when I was a
kid which is quite a long time ago now I
lived in this town called Fairview
Alberta which was a town of about 3,000
people way too held North 350 miles
northwest of Edmonton and I have this
neighbor across the street across the
alley actually and he had a huge
science-fiction library it must have
been I don't know five thousand books
there 1970s 1960s and 1970s classics
like Heinlein them and Asimov and he
would let me go over there and take like
20 books at a time and I was reading
about a book a day at that point and I
read science fiction like mad probably
till I was about 19 or so and maybe a
little younger than that and then turned
more to classic literature when I got to
college and and also partly as a
consequence of some lessons that the
local library had taught me about what
to read so I was a science fiction fan
I haven't read science fiction for a
very long time although I was pretty
happy with it when I was a kid so
richard van Koppen says yes I have agra
phobia and would love to hear about
anxiety well that's a that's a rough
thing to have egg reform yeah so Agra
phobics get increasingly isolated and
afraid of things outside of their domain
of familiarity and often what happens
with Agra phobia is that people who
develop it or afraid of two things
they're afraid that something is going
to go dreadfully wrong with their health
especially with regards to their heart
so they start to become afraid that
maybe they'll have a heart attack and
that they'll die in public far from a
hospital and that they'll make a fool of
themselves while they're doing it or
well that well they think they're dying
and so it's a combination of two fears
and one is fear of mortality and the
other is fear of social judgment and you
might think about those as the two main
categories of fear that possess people
because one is associated well obviously
with mortality and death and the other
is associated with exclusion from the
group which of course can lead to
mortality and death and so the Agra
phobics get the worst of both worlds
it's often a disease of middle-aged
women but not always and they're often
people who've been somewhat dependent in
their previous lives and then undergo
some traumatic event like a divorce or
the death of someone close and and at
the same time are perhaps experiencing
heart palpitations that are associated
with menopause that brings ideas of
mortality to mind and that can trigger a
panic attack which is very what would
you call it unpleasant experience to say
the least
and then that fear of panic attacks
starts making people avoid and that's
when Agra phobia develops out of anxiety
