hello everyone hello everyone where we
go
good to see all of you so first question
well I guess I could catch you up on
what's been happening first in case
you're vaguely interested most of you
probably know or some of you know
anyways about what happened at Wilfrid
Laurier University this week or two
weeks ago teaching assistant named
Lindsey Shepherd was interrogated I
would say by the typical suspects the
kind of postmodern neo-marxist that I've
been talking about hauled her into an
inquisition and proceeded to rake her
over the coals for having the gall to
show a video that featured me about a
year ago on a Canadian TV show called
the agenda they accused her of violating
the criminal code essentially and the
Canadian Human Rights Code under the
provisions of Bill c16 which was the
bill I warned about last year and
accused her of transphobia and making an
unsafe environment and then they accused
me of being Hitler which was really
quite interesting because I've never
been accused about being Hitler so I
modified my my Kermit puppet here which
see you can probably see that I guess
and I've done a response video which I'm
going to launch pretty soon so this is
Hitler the Frog and the spokes frog by
the way and he well this is what we've
come to so all right let's answer some
questions I'm going to start with pigeon
hole which is the site that allows
people to vote on questions and so the
top flouted question is how do you I did
you testify a rejection of identitarian
ism when a pillar of the neo-marxist
strategy is to demographically replace
the indigenous people of Europe London
it's less than half ethnically English
okay so let's take that question apart
first of all it isn't self-evident to me
that it is specifically a neo-marxist
strategy to demographically replace the
indigenous peoples of Europe and I don't
think that's the strategy anyways even
if that's the outcome because you have
to distinguish between strategy and
outcome the strategy and principle is to
bring in immigrants to balance out
declining birthrate now I'm not saying I
agree with that I'm just saying that
that's what the strategy is and then the
next part of the question is predicated
on the assumption that identitarian ISM
is necessarily the answer to the problem
of the problem that's being identified
which is characterized as excess
immigration first of all we'd have to
figure out exactly what identitarian is
a means because it isn't clear if it
means radical right-wing ethnic
nationalism I don't think that that's
going to be particularly constructive if
it means having a sensible discussion
about what the appropriate limits might
be on immigration and to think about
that over the long run and also to have
a serious discussion about the degree to
which say Islam and and the West the
values of Islam and the West are
actually commensurate then that has to
be obviously has to be done but so I'm
afraid that to answer that question I'd
have to know more about exactly how
these terms were being were being
defined especially with regards to
identitarian ism because it's a vague
word and so that's all I can do with
that I lose my ability to think straight
or intelligently in confrontational or
unfriendly social situations any
suggestions for adaptation or
improvement well a couple I suppose one
is is that when you get nervous in this
kind of situation that you're describing
what often happens to people is they
start paying attention to themselves
they get self-conscious so you know
let's say I got self-conscious all of a
sudden
this QA what would happen is that I'd
start paying attention to the questions
and the screen and what I'm doing and
I'd start paying attention to how I was
feeling and to the nervousness and then
I'd start to get aware that I was not
responding properly and that would make
me more nervous and then I would get
more aware of that and that can just
shut me down entirely and that's
happened to me now and then in a lecture
and sometimes almost happened when I was
talking to Sam Harris the first time I
paused for a long time and then became
aware of the pause and then anyways what
you have to do in a situation like that
is it's not so much that you have to
stop attending to yourself because if
you start thinking I should stop
attending to myself then you'll just
think about yourself more what you have
to do instead is pay more attention to
the situation and to the people that
you're talking to so you have to
increase the degree to which you're
attending outwardly and that'll stop you
from attending inwardly that's a very
effective technique you can practice
that generally speaking every time you
get nervous start paying more attention
and that'll that'll that'll help you out
a lot yeah it's really good suggestion
for social anxiety in general is that if
you see most people but not everyone but
most people have enough implicit social
skill because they were reasonably
socialized when they were children so
that they do know how to act in social
situations but they get anxious and then
that interferes with them implementing
what they know just like if you're a
pianist and you get anxious and
self-conscious while you're playing
you'll forget what you know because
while you've activated a different part
of your brain if you can remember to pay
attention and you can direct your
attention outward and you attend hard
enough then what will happen and try to
put the other person at ease and try to
ask them questions then that'll kick in
the automatic because you're paying
attention to what the person is doing
into their facial expressions and all of
that that will
clue in the automatic and implicit
knowledge that you have and make things
much more smooth and and and anxiety
free so attention really attention
really plays a huge role in regulating
anxiety I would Laura tasks I would love
to hear you do a lecture series on
raising children properly is that
something you would consider well in my
new book mmm-hmm I've written a chapter
on that called don't let your children
do anything that makes you dislike them
and I've laid out a bunch of I've laid
out a philosophy of care and discipline
that's predicated partly on a French
philosophical legal notion which is do
not multiply rules beyond necessity it's
sort of like a legal equivalent talking
sir and an English common law principle
is which is use minimal necessary force
and I think the union of those two which
is don't have too many rules
but make sure that you properly enforce
the ones that you do have is a good
start for how you might consider your
attitude with regards to raising
children the other thing you have to
figure out is exactly what's your aim
and you know one of the aims that people
have had most recently pushed by
clueless psychologists I would say is
that you want children to have high self
esteem and that's actually a large part
trait neuroticism anyways but but and it
can be modified to some degree Jerome
Kagan has done some very interesting
work on that but
the best thing to do I think the best
thing to orient yourself towards with
regards to children is that you're
trying to make your child your children
or help your children to be delightful
in the eyes of others and so that means
they have to be reasonably well
socialized and that really takes place
between the ages of 2 & 4 because what
you want for your children is that when
they go out into public when they're
away from you or even with you for that
matter what you want for your children
is for other people to genuinely like
them because if they behave reasonably
and they attend properly to adults and
they know how to play with other
children then wherever they go they're
going to be um unless they encounter
someone truly malevolent they're going
to be welcomed with smiles and open arms
and that's not gonna be fake because
almost every human being actually likes
children if they're reasonably behaved
and so your job is to make your children
highly socially desirable because that
opens up the world to them so there
that's not a lecture series but it's a
little lecture looking at myself
honestly John says I'm deeply envious
and resentful of others happiness how do
I turn this around well John I would say
you've started to turn it on around
already because you have at least come
to the conclusion that you're deeply
envious and resentful of others
happiness so you do have the damn
problem diagnosed so one of the things
you might do is figure out what you
would like instead like how would you
like to feel about the world you know
because you're implying that being
deeply envious and resentful isn't for
the best so let's assume that you would
rather be pleased about other people's
successes and not envious well you know
the first thing you might think is well
maybe you have to do some writing or at
least some thinking it's like maybe the
alternative would be to happy be happy
about others success and happiness well
maybe you should start by thinking about
why you might be happy about their
happiness it's not like happiness is a
zero-sum game you know it's not like
it's not and I believe me I'm taking
your
seriously and I think that what you're
saying characterizes plenty of people
and I think that you're being deeply
honest noticing it happiness isn't a
zero-sum game you know lots of people
can be happy at the same time and do you
really want to live in a world where
other people are less happy would in
what possible manner would that be
useful and good for you in the medium to
long term it might make you feel you
know grudgingly satisfied you know in a
dark way temporarily but it's not a very
good long term strategy so I would say
you got to think it through
you know what how is it that you would
like to view the world how do you think
that would be best for you I mean as if
you were taking care of yourself like
you like you're someone who deserves to
be taken care of think about how you'd
like to have the world how you'd like to
view the world and one of the ways you
can do that too is to think about some
people that you admire and try to figure
out how they look at the world or even
ask them you know because maybe then you
can find out what it is about your
thought patterns that are driving you
down this sort of dark road so why are
you now Francoise Sade orange asks why
are you know hiding the amount you
receive from patreon I found it very
motivating to see the amounts skyrocket
and felt glad to be part of this as if
you were an artist I now feel more like
I'm buying a product and I find it less
appealing yeah well it's one of those
things where I'm kind of damned if I do
and damned if I don't you know and I
don't know what's correct I guess I
probably got tired of the sort of more
left-leaning let's say radical
left-leaning press people jumping up and
down on me every chance they got because
people were donating money for for
services that is particularly rent you
know that I render essentially for free
you know there must have been 10
articles in the last week following the
Lindsay Shepard incident pointing out
that I'm somehow being manipulative and
and
evil in a capitalist sort of way for
daring to allow people to donate money
to help support what I'm doing and it
gets kind of tiring and so I don't know
I just and I guess I also thought that
maybe there's a part of it that's like
well I wouldn't exactly call it bragging
but because it's not but that's about
good enough I mean it was an appeal to
privacy I suppose in part to I don't
know if it's the right thing I could do
a poll on Twitter and find out I guess I
did that for some other things this week
so anyways that's that's the answer to
that user and okay says I Love You Man
keep it up well that's a pretty good
question and I'm trying to keep it up
I'm actually feeling quite a bit better
I was actually happy today and it's been
so rare for the last while that I could
hardly even recognize what it felt like
so but I'm definitely feeling better I'm
getting some energy in the morning and
so I I'm really happy about that so
thanks anyways I appreciate it thoughts
on the radical left and their
superficial view belief and value on the
environment how is this influenced by
their own raw emotions inviting
questionable immoral and dangerous
actions despite good intentions well I
don't really buy the whole good
intentions thing I mean I think that
it's really hard to have good intentions
like John the question I just answered
you know John said looking at myself
honestly I'm deeply envious and
resentful of others happiness well if
you listen to the Lindsey Shepherd
recording at Wilfred Laurier University
and you listen to the professor's and
that the administrators I think that
it's a it's it's absurd to start with
the presupposition that they have good
intentions I don't think they have good
intentions at all so but you know we
could give the devil let's do and say
that there are people on the left end of
the spectrum like like there are on all
parts of the spectrum who are trying to
do good things but having good
intentions and figuring out how
do well in the world our good intentions
are only the beginning and people are
always influenced by raw emotions and
fuzzy thinking and it's hard to think
critically and it's hard to plan
strategically and it's hard to to
intervene in the world in a way that
doesn't cause trouble which is partly
why I recommend to people that they
start local you know you can't even
trust your own good intentions to some
degree because you have to test out what
you do when you have good intentions and
see if it actually produces the result
that's intended but I wouldn't make the
case to begin with that especially on
the radical end of the left I think it's
unbelievably motivated by resentment so
how does one save a marriage when it
seems that there is no longer attraction
both physically and intellectually
there are kids involved which is the
main reason for wanting to save the
marriage huh well alright I know a
couple of things about that I mean the
first thing I would say is that if you
haven't had any intimate interaction
with one another for quite a long period
of time that can put both people into a
stagnant state where desire starts to
slip away what what sex therapists
recommend under such conditions is to
well essentially start in some ways
start dating again so you could ask your
partner to go out to a movie or
something like that and you know maybe
when you come home you could you could
neck for a little while like teenagers
that's probably a word that no one uses
anymore but kind of pull back and you
gotta agree say not to engage in full
sexual activity for a while but to tease
each other and to play a bit even if
you're not attracted you have to act act
it out for a while and hopefully you can
get the motor running again the other
thing I would say is that you guys might
want to sit down and make a joint plan
it's like what because a marriage is
like a story that two people are acting
out simultaneous
and you have to have shared goals and
because you're both rowing the same boat
let's say and if you don't have a
destination in mind then well maybe your
rowing in circles or maybe you're just
standing still so I would say work hard
to put some romance back in the
relationship you know you could say to
each other look let's try this for six
months and just see how it goes
we'll have two dates a week for the
first month we won't have any sex but
we'll play around and then you know
we'll see how that goes and and but
we'll try it out for them for the whole
for the whole six months there are
reasons to save a marriage I mean it's
hard on kids divorce is really hard on
kids and it's hard on the adults
involved too so what I would say you
have to negotiate an agreement and you
you know you could try the future
authoring program both of you what I
would recommend for example is that you
each do the future authoring program
separately so that's at self authoring
com because then you both have a life
plan and then you could sit down and
read each other's future authoring plans
and see if you have some things in
common and then see if you can figure
out how to support each other with
regards to each of you obtaining what
you want
so Paul Moloney asks you edited out a
disagreement with Camille Paglia what
was it no no that's not the case
there was a piece added it out but it
wasn't because there was a disagreement
it was because there was some glitch in
the video or something like that
generally speaking and you know I can't
say this with absolute certainty but I
do and so does my crew do everything we
possibly can to leave the videos alone
except for getting rid of things that
would be of no interest to anyone that
are mistakes so there was no
disagreement are you interested in
coming to Australia yes I've been
invited a couple of times but it hasn't
worked out yet but my book will be
published in Australia I think sometime
in January as well and I imagine that
all be coming there at some point in
order to
talk about my book and so on Trey says
how can a person go through the future
authoring process of imagining a future
for yourself as though you or someone
you care about when you barely don't
care about yourself or even hate
yourself yeah well I would say that go
through the exercise anyways and and act
as like try to extend to yourself some
courtesy you know sometimes you have to
act something out before you can start
to believe it and so I would say sit
down and pretend that you're your friend
you know Trey the probability that
there's something so wrong with you that
you don't deserve any regard whatsoever
is zero you know so and I would say if
if you just can't get it together you
know maybe you're depressed and maybe
you need to go talk to someone because
you don't have to be depressed you talk
to a physician you know there are
treatments for depression if you happen
to be depressed and if you actually hate
yourself then it's a possibility that
that's what's going on I don't know how
old you are but you know there are
effective treatments for that sort of
thing you might want to find out if
there's actually something wrong
physically or or psycho physiologically
you know because you don't have to
trudge through life absolutely miserable
their antidepressants for example work
really well for some people not for
everyone but for some people so okay
were the Nazis left-wing that's a good
question it depends see the problem with
any question that says is a B is a
equivalent to B is that it depends on
how you define a and B right and I'm not
trying to weasel out of the question I'm
very very serious about that the Nazis
regarded themselves as National
