hi everyone welcome to the October
version of the QA hopefully all my
technology will work it's amazing that
it ever does QA Oh apparently it is good
so let me catch you up to date on some
news first that would be fun as far as
I'm concerned so the first thing I want
to do is share something with you and
that's this so I got this in the mail
yesterday from penguin UK from an editor
Nick Skidmore who I've been working with
for several months and so this is the
50th anniversary version of Alexander
Solzhenitsyn 's Gulag Archipelago in its
abridged form one volume of bridged form
which he approved it's also published on
the sent in their centenary of his birth
and I was invited to write a foreword to
it which I completed and which seemed to
meet with the satisfaction of the
editors and also Solzhenitsyn's family
it's about 500 pages long which is much
shorter than the original book which was
about eighteen hundred pages and
Solzhenitsyn approved the abridgement I
think I might have said that so it's a
remarkable piece of literature and
history and arguably the most
influential historical document of the
20th century you could make that case
and so it was really unbelievably it was
an unbelievable privilege to be asked to
write the foreword and I hope that I did
a credible job we'll see about that it's
on sale as of November 1st now I've also
prepared a youtube video for it where
I've read the foreword and some of the
content of the book to provide people
with an introduction and I'm hoping that
this will be something approximating a
literary event so I invite you to pick
up the book if you'd like to and and
prepare to be
shock to your core I suppose is the
proper way of thinking about it so there
you go
so that's that next thing I was in New
York the other day yesterday literally
finalizing what I hope is a deal for my
second book and perhaps books after that
but certainly for the second book which
is tentatively entitled 12 more rules
for life there you go
originally there were 42 rules and I
haven't used them all up so there's
plenty of reason for continuing as far
as I'm concerned and I've written a fair
bit of it and it seems to be going well
and I'm hoping that I can do a better
job of the second book that's the goal
and that's what I discussed with the
editorial team is that I want the next
book to be substantially better than the
last one was hopefully I can manage that
so that's well and good as well I'm
hoping that I'd have that book done by
next September something approximating
that maybe for publication the following
January now I've got a year after that
if I need it depending on what happens
this year but that's the plan and then
I'm going to tell you a little bit about
what's happening with me over the next I
suppose year really I might as well tell
you that maybe you're you'd be
interested in knowing so the first thing
is is that tonight I'm going with Tammy
my wife who's been traveling me with me
this whole time we've we've finished 85
cities in the tour so far and they've
gone really well I would say so we
spoken to about 250,000 people I've been
travelling with Dave Rubin of the Rubin
report and that's been entertaining he's
very comical and has been a good adjunct
to add a bit of levity and also a
certain degree of seriousness so that's
good so on Sunday I'm speaking in Dublin
and on the 23rd that's Tuesday on Oslo
I'll just go through the cities you can
look up the dates at Jordan P Peterson
comm forward slash events if you want
Manchester Oxford Glasgow
Edinboro Amsterdam Cambridge Helsinki
Stockholm Copenhagen Birmingham Oslo
Stockholm and Helsinki so that ends
November 11th then I'm off with Tami to
Spain and Portugal to talk to book
publishers there and then I'm going to
speak to the trilateral commission in
Slovenia and Lubyanka and then we're
going to Hawaii I have a talk in Hawaii
and that's at the end of November then
to New York maybe I'm going to talk to
dr. oz again that's not finalized but it
seems probable then I'm going to
Washington to talk to some people there
and then to Florida for a bit of a break
from Canadian winter even though I won't
have experienced any of that so far this
year and I have a speaking engagement
there as well and then in January
possibly I'll be in California we've
applied for a tech incubator in
California to further the development of
our educational software which is
already at the prototype stage I don't
know for sure that will be accepted into
the incubator and I don't know for sure
if we are accepted if that's that's the
route we're going to take because there
are other options we're also working
with a private school consortium to test
the software as we develop it because
when you're developing a product this is
a good thing to know if you ever do
build something you want to build a
product test it with your potential
customers build it again because you've
made all sorts of mistakes test it with
your customers and so on so and then
after that I'm going to Australia and
New Zealand probably to talk in about a
dozen places there and then back to
Europe in March and April and then I'm
going to write non-stop I hope from May
to September and then with any luck I'm
going to start the biblical series again
with Exodus and so that's that that's
the plan
so it's exciting and daunting and all of
those things so now you're up to date
and hopefully that was interesting
I really am thrilled about this this is
really something man it's really
something so and I'm the solzhenitsyn
family was happy with the forward so
that was really
positive and hopefully it'll bring a
whole new audience to the book that
would be a good thing this is not
something that we should ever forget
ever okay so let's say let's go to some
questions here any advice for a young
counselor soon to finish his degree what
do you wish you knew as a young
therapist well let's start with advice
well one thing I would say is you could
go to my book list and read the books
that are there there's at on my website
there is a list of recommended books
fiction nonfiction and the nonfiction is
categorized in different ways there's a
psychotherapy section I would say read
those books that's that would be helpful
those people young Freud Rogers I think
there's something by Adler unreel and
bur J some of the existentialists from
the 1950s a lot of neuroscientists
types very very smart people very very
useful to know what they had to say so
then the next thing I would suggest and
you've heard this from me before perhaps
is that it's almost impossible to
overestimate the degree to which merely
listening is helpful if you're a
counselor lots of people have no one to
listen to have no one that will listen
to them and that's a real problem
because people actually think by talking
and so for many people who are isolated
they have no one to talk to so that
means they don't think and that means
that their their thoughts aren't
straight and organized and you might
think well why does that matter but the
reason it matters is because the best
analogy I would say to do thoughts is
that the best way of conceptualizing the
structure of your thoughts is to
consider it in the same manner that you
might consider a map and your map should
be organized and things should be in the
right place because otherwise when you
use the map to navigate in the world you
don't end up where you want to be and
you run into things that you don't want
to encounter
and so it's actually extraordinarily
necessary to get your thoughts in order
since they help you simulate the world
before you act in it and so don't
underestimate how important it is just
to listen and then you think let's think
about listening to so someone comes to
you and they and they come to you
because they have a problem now you
don't know what their problem is and
neither do they all you know is that
they have enough of a problem to come
and talk to you so then they might have
a problem because really terrible things
have happened to them and anyone with
any sense would have a problem and so
then they have problems in lives in life
say or they have existential problems
don't really psychological problems even
though it might be psychologically
demanding to adapt to the real problems
you want to listen and you want to find
out well what exactly is the problem
space and how much of that is practical
and how much of it is psychological so
the first issue is you don't know what
the problem is and you want to ask a lot
of questions to find out what it is and
and and also what it isn't because often
people will come in and they're upset
and they don't exactly know why they're
upset and they might be upset about a
whole bunch of things and it isn't until
after they talk through all the things
they might be upset about that they find
out what they're upset about and what
they're not so another reason to listen
especially at the stage of problem
formulation is to help people decide
what their problems aren't well then the
next thing you have to do to listen is
like okay well now we we know what the
problem is
well what would your client view as a
potential solution so assuming that this
could be made better in some manner what
would better look like so you need to
develop Co develop a philosophy of
what's better and so that's a goal or a
name and it's almost like a personalized
definition of mental health but it might
be better to think about it as a
personalized definition of of a good
life and so that's the next thing you
have to listen about and then the last
thing you have to listen about and
negotiate as well is okay well now we
know what your problem is and we know
hypothetically what the destination is
with regards to solving that problem is
what are the strategies that
necessary to implement in order to make
that positive outcome occur and then
that's something that you negotiate by
listening every week it's like okay well
here's the goal what steps could we take
that you would implement that would move
you towards that goal can you take those
steps in the world will you do that this
week and then watch whether or not you
do it and come back and report and also
tell me and yourself whether or not
implementing that actually worked and
then we can come back and we can have a
discussion about whether you did it or
not and if you didn't then how we could
modify that and if you did how we could
continue and expand it and if you did do
it whether it worked and if it if it and
what unexpected things occurred and what
if any implications there are for
understanding your problem and for your
goal and so you know you you need it's a
map
you have a starting point you have to
figure out what that is you have a
destination point the desired future you
have to figure out what that is you have
to implement and design strategies that
will move the person forward and then
you have to test all those strategies
very strategic thinking very practical
thinking and so that's that's an outline
of how to do effective psychotherapy I
would say effective careful
psychotherapy another bit of advice is
people often who are young counsellors
are afraid and don't know how they can
not take their clients problems home and
I've got a couple of things to say about
that the first is they're not your
problems and it's very important to
remember that it's partly you don't want
to steal your clients problems I mean
you might think well if I could take my
clients problems on myself and lift the
burden from them all wouldn't that be
better and the answer is well no because
someone's problems are not that
distinguishable from their life and what
you're there to do is facilitate their
ability to learn to grapple successfully
with the existential vagaries of their
own existence and you don't want to leap
in there and steal it like let's say you
give us a spectacular piece of advice
and you're going to give advice now in
that but it's it's not that advisable
then let's say you advise someone to
solve a problem in a Sur
way and they go do it and the problem
solved it's like well the problems
disappeared but they didn't learn how to
generate the solution to the problem and
so they're in worse shape with future
problems and it's your victory in some
sense instead of theirs and so you don't
want to you don't want to steal from
your clients destiny and so and that
also frees you up to some degree because
it also means that you're not morally
obligated to take on those problems and
carry them home and the other thing is
is that it doesn't do your client any
good for their problems to sink you you
have a moral obligation an ethical
obligation a professional obligation to
remain sufficiently detached from the
situation so that your head is clear and
you remain healthy and and your practice
remains viable for the long run and so
don't forget to protect yourself it's
very very important let let your clients
sort out their lives you're there to
help you're there as a sounding board
you're there is a strategic and you're
there to offer strategic advice you're
there to shed light on the
symptomatology and to lay out potential
strategies for treatment all of that and
so and that's good enough you don't take
on any more than that so ok
procrastination and instant
gratification rule me nothing seems to
motivate me nothing seems to motivate me
what do I do
well I'm gonna give you some practical
advice I would say you need a plan like
you need a plan and not just a plan you
need a reason to implement the plan you
need both of those so something
motivates you you already said instant
gratification motivates you so you'll do
things for instant gratification
now look instant gratification is a
particular form of reward it's called
incentive reward and it's mediated by
dopaminergic circuitry the same
circuitry that mediates reward as a
consequence of using drugs like cocaine
or any of the drugs that people abuse
and so there are certain short-term
activities that are pleasurable enough
so they produce an intrinsic they
intrinsically produce a dopamine kick
and a lot of that's instantaneous
gratification like say eating when
you're hungry
at least the taste and flavor of the
food because there's also a satiation
element that comes along with food and
so there's those those pleasures that
speak for themselves
when you're looking at the long-run
things that are rewards that are delayed
don't produce as much of a dopamine kick
so they're not as immediately gratifying
and they're not as gripping in the
present and the way that you have to
overcome that is to generate a vision of
it's really it's not a it's not a plan
or a strategy it's a philosophical
vision that that that that justifies
your life in some way that you deeply
believe it has to be that and it can't
be trivial because otherwise
procrastination and instant
gratification are going to rule you so
we developed this program called the
future authoring program and it's part
of the self authoring suite and I'll run
through it very rapidly because even if
you don't use that program although you
could because that's what it's designed
for and I think it makes it easier it
outlines what's necessary in order to
overcome the problem that you're
describing so the first question you
might ask yourself is well what would
you need to gain and you have to have a
real dialogue with yourself to
understand this you have to take
yourself warts-and-all your useless
procrastinating instant gratification
seeking self and you have to sit down
and say alright you know you're talking
to your inner badly behaved six-year-old
it's like okay what is it that you would
have to have in order to commit to
something in the long run what what kind
of vision of the future would would
justify sacrifices for you and you might
say well you don't know it's like okay
fine that's why you have to break it
down so let me ask you some questions so
you might think well here's some things
that people need in their life because
your life is not going to be solid
grounded gratifying acceptable
meaningful relevant and devoid of
earth-shaking anxiety
without managing some of these things
most people need an intimate
relationship a long-term intimate
relationship because otherwise they get
lonesome and bored and crazy crazy in a
different way than you get if you have a
long-term relationship worse crazy they
need friends they need family so that
could be your your birth family your
parents your extended family your
siblings but also children so you need
to know well where does that fit in your
life what's your vision for that you
want to get along with your parents you
want to get along with your siblings do
you have a strategy for that do you want
to have kids at some point you want to
build yourself a family okay you need a
job or a career now a career is
intrinsically meaningful and and and and
usually very demanding in terms of
commitment and hours whereas a job at
least can be engaging in worthwhile I'm
it's usually more time limited maybe you
have more freedom outside of it but you
need a job because you need something to
do and you need some some routine and
you need some financial support and if
you can have a career and that's what
you want so much the better but at least
at least you could have a trade
something worthwhile not that a trade
can't be a career and believe me I've
got nothing against trades um you need
to take care of yourself mentally and
physically like how do you want to
present yourself in the world don't you
you want to be healthy mentally and
physically so that you're like a light
among men let's put it that way that
would be a good goal how are you gonna
handle the temptations of drugs and
alcohol and whatever procrastination and
instant gratification are tilting you in
the wrong direction so those are you
know seven things that you might
consider sit down here's the question
you're taking care of yourself like
you're someone you care about you can
design a future that would be good for
you if you were taking care of yourself
right for 20 minutes you can have what
you want it's three years down the road
you can have whatever you want but you
have to aim for it and work for it and
you have to specify it what is it what
do you want what would make your life
worthwhile what would be good enough so
that instant gratification would be an
obstacle instead of a means for
proceeding like I can give you an
example to some degree
when I was kid in my early 20s I did I
did quite a bit of drinking and partying
I came from a hard drinking background
up in northern Alberta and you know I
was out three times a week even when I
was in graduate school and I was
beginning to write seriously scientific
papers and also the work that became
maps of meaning and eventually twelve
