hi everybody i'm here today again with
greg hurwitz an old friend of mine a
former student from harvard um
we've talked before and we've got some
exciting things to talk about today i'll
give you some background on greg first
greg is a new york times number one
internationally best-selling author of
20 thrillers including out of the dark
coming out in 2019 and two award-winning
thriller novels for teens
his novels have won numerous literary
awards grace top 10 lists and have been
published in 30 languages
he's written screenplays for or sold
spec scripts to many of the major
studios including the book of henry and
written developed and produced tv for
various networks
he's also a new york times best-selling
comic book writer having penned stories
from marvel wolverine and punisher and
dc batman and penguin he's published
numerous academic articles on
shakespeare taught fiction writing in
the usc english department and guest
lectured for ucla and for harvard in the
united states and internationally
in the course of researching his
thrillers he sneaked onto demolition
ranges with navy seals swum with sharks
in the galapagos and gone undercover
into mind control cults
herwitz grew up in the bay area while
completing a ba from harvard and a
masters from trinity college oxford in
shakespearean tragedy he wrote his first
novel he was the undergraduate scholar
athlete of the year at harvard for his
pole vaulting exploits and played
college soccer in england where he was a
knox fellow
so that's
greg everybody
it's quite an intro i think i'm just
gonna have you follow me around
everywhere and read that before i enter
a room
dislikes me yeah like yeah exactly
that's right that's the sort of intro
that makes everyone hopes you're a real
son of a after reading an intro
like that so they can they can morally
dislike you yes the best thing yeah
there's a lot to morally dislike jordan
as you know yeah yeah so we're not going
to talk too much today about
greg's previous exploits uh instead
we're going to talk about some of the
work he's been doing in the political
realm recently and the reasons for doing
that so greg i'm going to let you take
that away
well so
look i write thrillers and i have the
shorthand that i always give is that
about half of my friends are born again
christian navy seal snipers and half my
friends are gay aclu lawyers
and i tour equally in the red and blue
states my readership is very very
diverse and i think because of that i
have a real ear for
the the buzzwords and phrases and
ideological shorthand that really shut
people down
um that just make them stop listening um
my own politics i'd say i'm a bit more
of a classical liberal um
and one of the things that i talk a lot
about is there's certain phrases that
we've grown up with from both sides that
just make people completely stop and
it's not dissimilar to what we're trying
to do when we're writing right if you
write and use buzzwords and catch
phrases and cliches it's less
interesting if you already know what you
think before you start writing and
there's no room for discovery along the
way then you're not it's not real
writing it's propaganda right it's
amrand you're never going to be
surprised by something in the third act
and so there's a real overlap for that
that i found and so one of the things
that i've been trying to do uh given how
polarized i have found discourse to be
and how i found myself moving between
vastly different worlds
is to try to commit myself to ending um
or contributing to ending polarizing
discourse uh and so part of that is i've
been focused on trying to rebrand the
the democratic party uh working with a
lot of different candidates and entities
in an effort to get away from from
gridlock and more towards solutions um i
have a view that's a lot like jonathan
height who you've interviewed at length
um who i think gives a great
description of the need and necessity
for both conservatives and liberals in
that
you know conservatives like walls around
things right they like walls around
gender they like walls around countries
uh build a wall as sort of a brilliant
republican slogan and the job of of
liberals is to say hang on a minute if
that wall is too impenetrable
you're not going to have new ideas and
people and then we'll stagnate and die
and so for me and you and i've talked
before about how it's also the case for
inventors and entrepreneurs
who kind of create things which tends to
be more of a liberal leaning but if you
want them run effectively often you need
conservative managers to come in
and so
i want there to be stronger parties on
both sides i mean i want there to be
better discourse i think if there's a
stronger republican party it makes the
democratic party have to raise their
game and come up with solutions and out
of the one thing i will say that has
been common of everyone who i talked to
is nobody is thrilled with the level of
political discourse right now
also there's a couple of things there
that are really interesting i mean you
talk about the necessity for
uh high quality representation on both
sides of the political uh
um political what do you call that
continuum let's say
right and and there are really powerful
temperamental and philosophical reasons
for that so you know you mentioned that
the liberal types tend to be
entrepreneurs and creators and uh
conservative types tend to be managers
and administrators so that's that's
pretty well documented in the
psychological literature but you see
echoes of that and you you mentioned the
border issue as well because of course
to categorize things we have to put
boundaries around them but boundaries
can artificially separate and and make
things stagnant as well so we have to
have a continual discussion about
exactly where the boundary should be
drawn without ever also presuming that
we should just do away with boundaries
all together because that does away with
category and then with regards to
hierarchies well
you know it seems to be the job of the
right wing to
put forward the proposition that
hierarchies are necessary from an
organizational perspective so
if a bunch of people decide to go do
something of value let's say it's of
collective value as well as individual
value then inevitably when they operate
cooperatively and competitively they're
going to produce a hierarchy and the
hierarchy is actually a tool to
accomplish that task in in the social
arena but the problem with that is that
a hierarchy can become over rigid and
corrupt and it can dispossess people
without without that dispossession being
a necessary function of the task that
the hierarchy is attempting to perform
right what's that it's always both right
i mean it's always that we needed to
organize and they're always our
inequities but a result of it that's
right and the thing that i have found is
that when people lock in the political
conversations from one side or the other
it becomes all or nothing and for me
nothing gets accomplished in all or
nothing and so to straw man
you know democrats that all of them just
want to tear down the whole system and
you know those are some of the loud
voices on twitter isn't helpful any more
than the claim that republicans have no
interest whatsoever in the people who
are dispossessed and so a lot of what's
important is to look at
you know
conservatives who are
you know thoughtful it's not like they
love the fact that people are
dispossessed so the question becomes how
do we all help that and how do we
actually have a discussion and how do we
how do we get away from the fact that
compromise
towards solutions is somehow a betrayal
that if you compromise anything from the
furthest extreme you're sort of
betraying your own ideology and your own
people yeah well i think partly you do
that by focusing on specific problems
instead of broader ideological solutions
and that's so part of what we're trying
to discuss today and to contribute to is
the the re-centralization let's say of
the political parties and also to make a
case for the necessity of intelligent
discourse knowing that people on both
sides of the political spectrum have
something intelligent to say
so the conservatives have every reason
to
put forward the proposition that
hierarchies are both inevitable and
useful
but also to keep firmly in mind that
they can become corrupt and that they do
tend to dispossess and the liberals have
any every reason to keep in mind that
hierarchies are absolutely necessary in
order to get things done but that
the dispossessed need of voice so that
the system remains both permeable and
fair
and it's really necessary for both sides
to have some uh respect for the position
of the alternative of the alternative
temperamental type let's say well that's
where we have to meet in in rational
sort of enlightenment discourse or else
we can't win you know right you talked a
lot about the big the big five
personality traits and the ways that it
orients differently in politics so it's
like liberals are higher in empathy
right in higher and openness that's why
a lot of artists you find are um tend to
be liberal you know at least the good
ones like we have bruce springsteen and
on the other side it's hard for for for
president trump to fill up an arena with
people who who are the artists of
a certain caliber
and
you know it doesn't mean that that
higher empathy is better and i think
often when liberals are talking they're
trying to push through only empathy and
higher empathy and they're trying to
educate people in the higher empathy
well it's a fixed psychological trait
and the other thing is you know
republicans or or conservatives tend to
be higher in conscientiousness and
conscientiousness codes for a bunch of
things that are really useful you know
codes for better health better finances
more stable marriages and longer
lifespan so one of the things when i'm
advising you know democrats is like you
can't if you you have to win an argument
on the merits you have to make a better
argument if you're losing people you
can't just go to them and say be more
empathetic that's not an argument right
it's it's like going to
president clinton and saying can't you
just be an introvert these are sort of
fixed traits and the other thing is is a
lot of conservatives are doing fine over
there with their stable marriages and
longer lives well and the empathy issue
is interesting as well because it's easy
for that to be regarded reflexively as a
virtue
but an excess of pity let's say can be
destructive there's a whole
psychoanalytic literature on the
negative consequences of of fostering
over dependence let's say and that's a
real problem and there is a managerial
literature too that suggests that less
agreeable managers do better as well as
less agreeable people in general having
higher incomes because they're better at
bargaining for themselves so it is
really necessary to give some
consideration to the fact that each of
these temperaments has it marked
advantages and disadvantages and a
proper niche where it can function and
and other places where it actually
constitutes a problem well that's where
we have to rise above ourselves and meet
like where do we meet we meet in freedom
of speech there's a reason it's the
first amendment you know if i was dumb
enough to be a single issue voter that
would be my single issue because part of
it is
as as a classical liberal i tend to
approach things i have a strong amount
of empathy but i also realize that
that's not a trait that i can map onto
everybody else when i'm having a
discussion that i have to actually meet
and make arguments
for people who who approach the world in
different ways and have different kinds
of successes to make higher
conscientious arguments in a way that
appeals more broadly and i mean that's
free marketplace of ideas we have to
meet and figure out and discuss these
matters and if we're not doing it in
words we're doing with fists
the other problem with agreeableness
let's say an empathy is that
the the the empathetic identification
tends to make the person who's
experiencing it feel immediately
virtuous because they're on the side of
the weaker party let's say and there's
obviously some utility in that but it's
not really it doesn't come
with a set of
solutions to complex problems
you know it seems to me that
agreeableness is a pretty good virtue
for small units like the family where
egalitarian distribution is of extreme
importance but it doesn't seem to work
very well at at higher levels of
complexity so for example it's
conscientiousness that predicts
workplace proficiency
you know it's the second best predictor
after iq agreeableness is actually
somewhat negatively correlated unless
unless the domain has to do with with
direct personal care and so i don't
think agreeableness scales very well
which is why conscientiousness has to
enter into the picture
yeah i view it as like a very helpful
motivator for myself i look at a problem
my approach tends to be empathy for
people who have been left out or have
been who don't have the right end of the
dominance hierarchy um and and for me
it's a motivator to look at actual
solutions and problems and issues and
there's a lot of real concrete things
that can be attacked but if you don't
attack them from a perspective that's
morally condescending you can actually
get done well it also
it's also very helpful to increase the
resolution of the problem right and and
to stop trying to solve every problem
with one with one brush stroke most
things are really complicated so
intelligent political discourse should
involve decomposing a problem like
poverty which isn't our problem but a
set of a thousand problems into each of
those thousand problems and then trying
to generate creative solutions to each
of them and then to test them and so
the resolution of the of the discussion
has to be increased and one of the
things that you and i had talked about
was the possibility that these
longer-form the longer-form discourse
um avenues that are available on the new
media like what we're doing right now
might enable us to identify and promote
politicians who are capable of high
resolution discussion who have real
solutions to real problems instead of
having to compress everything into a six
second sound bite well the other thing
that i'm finding really heartening is a
lot of the candidates that i am working
with interacting with and at this point
that's in the hundreds
are very focused on actual solutions and
i'm trying to get a handle on
you know the cultural conversation
whatever the hell that is
it benefits by blowing the extremes up
and it feels like that's almost all that
we're hearing about and when i'm dealing
with actual candidates a lot of them are
dealing with anti-corruption healthcare
jobs and education like they're aware
that that isn't the play and so there's
this amplifying effect and then we have
a lot of sort of like this cultural
conversation about the cultural
conversation that things become very
kind of meta and the level that
candidates are operating at and the
level that people are you know i'm
dealing a lot with candidates in
different states people are having a
hard time right now and they need
hardcore solutions and they actually
don't give a about everyone on
twitter and facebook who's you know
preaching everyone hasn't already
unfriended them they need solutions they
need a government that's functional they
need uh they want more transparency and
lack of corruption there's a very common
set of things that that govern people
but there's a sort of amplified effect
from the extremes of the party that are
are gathering the the attention and the
biggest tool that we have in a democracy
in some ways is our attention and where
we focus
and if that's being hijacked by
you know conversations and
straw men i mean i would love to engage
with
with reasonable
you know republicans a lot of whom are
my friends and are my colleagues to say
look i know we can go and push
everything to extremes and fight and
debate and score points but like you
don't like some of this anymore
than i do like what's an actual
conversation from our different
perspectives assuming i don't have all
the answers that we can come up with
certain solutions that's going to take
care of people who are not doing as well
you know who are not doing as well who
are not keeping up with the economy
because that's not good for anybody
that's not a game that is iterable
across multiple games and generations if
more and more people are struggling more
and more that ain't good for anybody
even the people at the top so how do we
seek to kind of balance that out for
people who don't have a fair shot and
don't have
even from a conservative perspective you
could say well how do we stabilize the
hierarchy so the tendency for or the
multiple hierarchies for the tendency so
that the tendency for people to stack up
at the bottom doesn't become so extreme
that the entire system starts to shake
and and tremble which obviously isn't
good for anyone at all we're seeing a
lot of shaking and trembling i mean i
think a lot of people in the last
election did not feel heard or seen or
represented in the choices of candidates
and a lot of people are like i don't
care what it is it's not going to be
business as usual right so the solution
isn't in my estimation to denigrate
people who chose to vote for president
trump i think
the solution is to talk about the fact
that we need to do better if we want to
promote a if the democrats want to
promote a viable alternative we have to
do better with what our messaging is we
have to do better on messages that are
anti-corruption we have to make a better
argument yeah well the thing is you know
i was on bill marshall a while back and
a lot of the panelists on his show were
