if you don't have a goal you suffer and
then you get cruel and bitter and
resentful and then you start to actively
try to make the world a worse place and
so so because you can't suffer
pointlessly without becoming bitter and
you can't become bitter without becoming
cruel so you need a name the question is
then the question bitter what you should
name yeah a dream that's for sure so
then the question is what should your
aim be welcome everyone back to the
school of greenness podcast we've got
the legendary Jordan Peterson in the
house good to see you sir
good to see you very excited about this
you've got a book out called twelve
rules for life make sure you guys check
this out you've probably already got it
but if you don't I'm telling you to go
pick it up right now an antidote to
chaos you've had so much attention over
this last couple of years and I've been
digging into the research and just been
fascinated by everything you've been up
to and I just love your stance on the
vision you have for humanity in terms of
how we can all live better lives and I
think you simplify a lot of things in
this book which some things people don't
like to simplify
they like to complicate and I think
that's what's gotten you a lot of
attention is that you try to really
simplify a lot of these well I try to
make everything concrete so that it's
actually implementable right I mean
there's a lot of high-level abstractions
in the book because it ranges up into
the theological and the philosophical
but it's always grounded in what you can
actually do in your life practically you
want to bridge that gap from the highest
abstraction down to the lowest level of
behavior so that it becomes
implementable that's how philosophical
concepts take on their meaning right
because they have to they have to have
some impact on the way you see the world
and the way you act in the world or
they're not fully realized they're not
understood because partly what we mean I
would say when we say that we understand
something it's kind of a state strange
phrase to understand something but it
means to be able to embody it in a shift
of view and a shift of action
and then you've got it it's graspable
it's in your hand embody something in a
shift of view mother they say well
there's the same thing because your
perceptions are very tightly linked to
your actions because of course when
you're acting you're aiming at something
you have to be devoted towards some some
some aim some target would we play that
out in sports all the time yeah that's
why sports are so entertaining for
people is because they dramatize the
idea of aim right and then and not only
of aim but of the pursuit of excellence
in pursuit of that aim that's the game
and the reason it's a spectacle and the
reason that people participate in it is
because it dramatizes something
absolutely essential about life and so
you want to take philosophical
abstraction and you want to use them to
to structure your aim and then your
perceptions organize around that aim and
then you act it out and then you've got
it that's then it's it's become part of
your life it's not just in it's just
it's not just a philosophical
abstraction that floats free in space
why is there so much conflict in in the
world is it because there's so many
different perceptions that people have
well they think should be right or well
sure well part of it is part of it of
course there's conflict because we have
real problems and so life is actually
difficult independent of the of
psychological foolishness let's say
independent of the obstacles that we put
in our own path like this knowledge it's
already it's already fatally challenging
right life is the ultimate challenge
we will die yes yes there is well a
challenge yes well do fear pain although
yes all the things all everything that
goes along with suffering is a challenge
and it's it's it's the full challenge
because it takes everything you have and
so part of the reason we disagree is
because there are complex problems to
solve and then we also disagree because
we're willfully blind and because we're
more ignorant than we should be and
we're not everything we should be and we
tilt towards malevolence from time to
time and we betray each other and
ourselves and so we take a bad law to in
many ways and make it worse no not
always obviously and we don't have to
but that's sort of the baseline that
we're working against I think people are
most disappointed in life when they're
disappointed in themselves you know they
see that they've made things worse than
they had to be
even though the baseline can be pretty
brutal so yeah so the book and all my
lectures I suppose are put forward in an
attempt to take the high level
philosophical abstractions and to make
them into something that's actionable
and to take the next best action in your
life improve your life hmm
so we don't have to suffer as much
mm-hmm well and hopefully also so that
people around you don't have to either
so one of the things I've been talking
to my audiences about is the
relationship between responsibility and
meaning which is and what would you say
it's a it's a constant refrain in the
book it's one of its underlying messages
let's say or themes is a better way of
thinking about it you know if you start
with the presumption that there's a
baseline of suffering in life and that
that can be exaggerated by as a
consequence of human failing as a
consequence of malevolence and betrayal
and self betrayal and deceit and all
those things that we do to each other
and ourselves that we know that aren't
good that amplifies the suffering that's
sort of the baseline against which you
have to work and and and it's
contemplation of that often that makes
people hopeless and depressed and
anxious and overwhelmed and all of that
it and and they have the reasons but you
need something to put up against that
and what you put up against that is
meaning meaning is actually the instinct
that helps you guide yourself through
that catastrophe and most of that
meaning is to be found in the adoption
of responsibility so if you think for
example if you think about the people
that you admire well you think about
when you have a clear conscience first
because that's a good thing to aim at
which is something different than
happiness right a clear conscience is
different than happiness yeah that's
better
yeah that's better guilting yourself
you're not feeling bad about your sister
right you feel that you've just
acclaimed you've justified your
existence right and so you're not waking
up at 3 in the morning in a cold sweat
thinking about all the terrible things
that you've involved yourself in what
you said to someone they shouldn't have
said I you acted or what opportunity you
lost or or yeah or or the things that
you've that you've let go that you
should have capitalized on all of
that and so if you think about the times
when you're at peace with yourself with
regards to how you're conducting
yourself in the world it's almost always
conditions under which you've adopted
responsibility right at least the most
the most guilt I think that you can
experience perhaps is the sure knowledge
that you're not even taking care of
yourself so that you're leaving that
responsibility to other people because
that's pretty pathetic and I unless
you're psychopathic and you know and
you're living a parasitical life and
that that characterizes a very small
minority of people and an even smaller
minority think that's justifiable but
most of the time you're in guilt and
shame because you're not you're you're
not not only are you not taking care of
yourself let's say so someone else has
to but you're not living up to your full
potential and so there's an existential
weight that goes along with that Souls
you suffer even more hmm when you don't
take care of yourself or take the best
actions or do the work that you know you
can do you rely on someone else to
support you financially emotionally and
physically whatever it mean a home
whatever it may be
yeah well because you're not only you're
not only not being what you could be
you're interfering with someone else
being what they could be right so you're
you're you're not only a void you're a
drain Jesus that's a catastrophe and but
we usually don't even know I wearing
that when we're in that situation
because we're in a depressed state or
we're or we don't want to see it you
know you wake up at 3 in the morning and
you know and so and then you think of
the people that you so you admire
yourself or perhaps you can at least
live with yourself when you're taking
responsibility at least for yourself and
so that settles your conscience but then
if you look at the people that you
spontaneously admire and so the act of
spontaneously admiring someone is the
manifestation of the instinct for
meaning right and this is partly why
people are so enamored of sports figures
because the sports figures are playing
out the drama of attaining the goal of
attaining a certain kind of let's say
psychological and physical perfection in
pursuit of the goal that's the drama and
to spontaneously admire that is to have
that instinct for meaning latch onto
something that can be used as a model
and then that model should be
transcribed into
something that's applicable in life you
know when you really like to see in an
athletic performance you really like to
see someone who's extremely disciplined
and in shape
do something physically remarkable but
and and to stretch themselves even
beyond their previous exploits because
you really like to see a brilliant move
in an athletic match but you also like
to see that person ensconced in a
broader moral framework so that not only
are they trying to win and disciplining
themselves in pursuit of that victory
and then stretching themselves so
they're continually getting better but
they're doing it in a way that helps
develop their whole team and that's good
for the sport in general and that
reflects well on the broader culture a
great leader and their team they're
positive they're good sportsmen who
against the competitors yeah I'm
negative towards the other people
they're lifting them up too yeah like
the ultimate that's right so human
that's right so that they can they can
work for their own improvement in a way
that simultaneously works for the
improvement of their team and that and
and for the sport and while I meant to
the degree that that spills over into
the broader culture so much the better
so that's all being dramatized in a in
an athletic event and it's really it's
not philosophical it's concrete right
it's dramatized in the world and that's
what the games represent and so well and
it's partly because well in some sense
life is a game it is in that you're
always the analogy is that in in life
like in sports you're you're you're
setting forth a name and then arranging
your perceptions and your actions in
pursuit of that it and that you also we
generally do it well cooperating and
competing with other people that's also
the game-like element as well all of
that's dramatized in athletics yeah
that's like philosophy for people who
aren't philosophical and I'm not being
smart about that yeah it's like it
really is philosophy for people who
aren't being philosophical because it's
played out you know and you can see it
too you can see the spontaneous
appreciation for the human spirit
manifest itself when you see people rise
to their feet spontaneously in a sports
arena when they see someone do something
particularly remarkable see an athlete
who's extremely trained stretched
themselves beyond what you'd think is a
normative human limit and everyone
celebrates that
spontaneously so it's quite something to
ya to behold and so took me back to a
responsibility and meaning when we're
watching sports or someone and do this
act what does this do for us with in
terms of responsibility and meaning well
it it helps us figure out what we can
imitate give us a model yes it's a model
there's a model of something that I
respect
well even what philosophy is or even
theology for that matter is an abstract
model like it's laid out in words now
the problem often is is it becomes so
abstract that people don't know how to
bring it back down to the total
embodiment yes whereas something like
like the drama of a sports event is sort
of midway between philosophy and action
right and so it's it's not entirely
abstracted because it's not only coded
in words it's acted out visually you can
see an example of what just happens and
you can try to reverse-engineer how they
yes exactly well Italy at least you the
fact that you admire the person means
that you might start to try to act like
them now it's not easy and maybe that
would mean maybe that would mean that
you start to discipline yourself with
regards to a particular sport but it
might also be that you start to mimic or
at least affected in some way by their
their sportsmen sportsmen like behavior
right which is the ground of a certain
kind of ethic because if you can play
well with others
which is sort of the hallmark of a good
sport then that actually means that
you're a reasonably sophisticated and
civilized person it's really important
to learn to play well with others
there isn't that's the ground of ethics
and you can do it there and that's
setting that hopefully you could
translate it into like well well right
that's exactly right that's what goal
well that's what you hope for yeah
that's the goal of this so if the if the
goal of the game is to put the ball
through the ball into the net then the
goal of having games is to produce
people who can take proper aim no matter
where they are right that's exactly what
we're trying to do with with with with
athletics so on so I've been talking to
my audiences a lot about that about and
well and there's more to it too because
if the background of life is is there's
a there's an inner Attica Bellona of
suffering and that's complicated by
let's say malevolence and the proclivity
of people to betrayed themselves and now
which complicates it makes it worse then
the if you don't have a noble aim and
and and if that isn't in viewing your
life with sustainable meaning then you
fall prey to all the catastrophe the
pain and the anxiety and the anger that
that suffering generates and that makes
you bitter because what I'm here to say
is that and correct me if I'm wrong we
must have an aim in our life no matter
what stage of life we're in and if we
don't have some type of aim even if for
a few months of an aim of going
somewhere direction we're gonna the
suffering is gonna be even more
suffering pointless because we're
already gonna face the greatest
challenges that's right
you start already struggling that's
right there's no way adversity is coming
no matter what x range we have big goals
or small little goal or whatever may be
but it's gonna be less suffering if we
have an aim yeah well in not only that
it's worse than that even because the
suffering is zero meaning
well the suffering is pain and the
suffering is anxiety and uncertainty and
the suffering is hopelessness but the
consequence of all that is that you get
bitter and when you get bitter you get
mean and you get cruel and you start to
hurt yourself and other people so it's
not only that if you don't have a goal
you suffer it's that you if you don't
have a goal you suffer and then you get
cruel and bitter and resentful and then
you start to actively try to make the
world a worse place mm-hm and so so
because you can't suffer pointlessly
without becoming bitter and you can't
become bitter without becoming cruel so
you need a name the question is then the
question of course is what you should
name yeah that's for sure so then the
question is what should your aim be now
we have a program it's one of the things
I wanted to talk to you about that day I
I have this website called self
authoring com and that program helps
people write about their life and so
there's a past authoring program to
establish your aim you have to know
where you are it's like you're trying to
orient yourself on a map you can't
orient yourself on a map unless you know
where you are you also have to know
where you're going right so those are
the two relevant things the past
authoring program helps people write
about their life so it's a guided order
by our
we ask people to break their life up
into six epochs six sections and then to
write about the emotionally important
events in those in those epochs and to
detail out why why the positive things
happen and why more of that could
conceivably happen in the future and to
detail out why the negative things
happen and to try to understand why with
an aim to not replicating them in the
future because the purpose of memory
isn't to remember the past the purpose
of memory is so that you you figure out
what went wrong when something went
wrong so you don't duplicate it in the
future that's the purpose of memory and
the past authoring program can help
people catch up and you know you have to
catch up if you have memories that are
older than about a year and a half that
still cause you emotional pain when you
think about them or if you dwell on them
they come spontaneously back to mind
means you haven't it means that there's
part of your life that you haven't
mapped out properly and it still has
emotional valence that's gripping you
you're still holding on to that story or
it's still holding on to you right you
ever got to go
yeah yeah well you haven't been able to
navigate your way through it you there's
a pitfall there that you fell in and you
don't know how to avoid similar pitfalls
in the future and that's why your brain
won't let it go because it's saying
that's what the anxiety systems do it's
like this happened to you it wasn't good
this happened to you it wasn't good this
happened to you it wasn't good fix fix
fix fix it that will never go away
unless you fix it how do you fix it well
you have to figure out why it happened
right that's the first thing is like how
did you how was it that that situation
arose to pull you down and that's not
simple
that's why well that's why we have the
writing program because it's complicated
to think it through
but you but if you face it and you and
you meditate on it let's say and send
you do this voluntarily there's a pretty
high probability that you'll be able to
decrease the probability that will be
repeated in the future so oh well well
we that the second part of the program
helps people do an analysis of their
virtues and their faults the same sort
of idea what's good about you that you
could capitalize on what's weak about
you that you need to fix so that it
doesn't bring you down right and that's
