hello everybody my name is Angelo and I
am your emcee for the evening and on
behalf of the UBC free speech club we
would like to welcome you and thank you
for attending our third dr. Jordan B
Peterson event now I know you're all
very excited to hear the man so I'm
gonna keep these opening remarks very
short the UBC free speech Club is
devoted to the sanctity of Liberty in
our society and the necessity to keep
Liberty safe from those who want to
destroy it within just the year our club
has grown to over a thousand members and
is now in the process of incorporation
so that we may continue to bring
speakers and host events such as this
one
none of that would be possible without
dr. Peterson who has inspired countless
students all over North America to start
speaking up on their campus and in fact
this club sprung up around the same time
when dr. Peterson publicly came out
against the bill c16 that was just over
a year ago and since then his philosophy
of cleaning your room and sorting
yourself out has bettered and influenced
the lives of countless people he's an
accomplished psychologist professor and
author his book maps of meaning is an
analytical window into the myths and
cultures of humankind and now he has
written a new book it's called twelve
rules for life and antidote to chaos and
is available for pre-order on Amazon
with the release date of January 23 2018
and on that note on behalf of the UBC
free speech club we would like to
introduce you all to dr. Jordan B
Peterson
[Applause]
well thank you very much for that that's
that's quite something all right
there's a house Mike great I don't need
this one okay well then let's just move
it out of the way great so I'm gonna
talk to you tonight about the
ideological nexus of post-modernism and
Marxism and I want to get into it fairly
deeply so you can have a thoughtful
thoughtful talk and then discussion
afterwards so it's a confusing topic
because it's not obvious by any stretch
of the imagination why post-modernism
and and Neel Marxism or Marxism proper
would be aligned because post-modernism
is an anti grand narrative philosophical
movement and Marxism is a grand
narrative and so the fact that those two
things seem to coexist in the same space
needs definitely need some explanation
and it's a very tricky thing to get to
the bottom of so we won't get to the
bottom of it but we'll get farther to
the bottom of it then I've got before
and hopefully farther than many of you
have got before so let's see what we can
figure out here so I'm gonna start with
some some definitions hmm I'll return to
them as we continue you know with
philosophical movements then they're
often not named by the major thinkers in
the movement they're sort of named
afterwards the name covers a very large
range of ideas and actions and
perceptions like it's not that easy
people talk about existentialism for
example it's not that easy to come up
with a one paragraph summary of what
constitutes existentialism my sense for
the existentialist is that it's a it's
it's fundamentally a movement that's
predicated on the idea at least in in
this psychological sense that you know
Freud tended to attribute human
suffering and mental disorder to
hood trauma it's more complex than that
but that'll do for a for a quick
overview but the existentialists thought
that there was enough suffering
intrinsic in life so that it wasn't
insanity that was the question it was
sanity it was how was possible for
people to be sane and and and and let's
say normal for lack of a better word
given that there was brutality and
malevolence intrinsic in life and the
fact that you had to rise up as an
individual and and stand in relation to
that relationship to that is part and
parcel of what constitutes
existentialism there's all sorts of
different people who were thinkers who
were existentialist some of them
atheistic some of them deeply religious
like Dostoyevsky but so it's not I'm
using that as an example to show you how
difficult it is to bring a set of
thinkers under one umbrella you're bound
to oversimplify but we'll go ahead and
oversimplify post-modernism you can
think about it as an attitude of
skepticism irony towards and rejection
of grand narratives ideologies and
universalism including the idea of the
objective notions of reason that's a big
one human nature that's a big one social
progress absolute truth and object of
reality all those things being
questioned I kind of think of the head
Joker at the top of the postmodern
hierarchy as Derrida Foucault is often
mentioned as are a number of other
people here's some other attributes of
postmodern thinking there's a
recognition of the existence of
hierarchy that's for sure and there's an
echo of that idea the recognition of
hierarchy and the term patriarchy
because of course patriarchy is a
recognition of hierarchy now it's a very
particular kind of recognition but the
post modernists also tend to define
hierarchy as a consequence of power
differential and so the world they
envision as far as I can tell is
something like a it's a sociological II
Hobbesian nightmare
so hobbes thought of the philosopher
Thomas Hobbes thought of
the natural state of human beings as
every individual in some sense at the
throat of every other individual so that
the basic state of man mankind
unlike the Rousseau lien state of say
virgin innocence and and and the
primitive garden of paradise was an
all-out war of everyone against everyone
else and that that required the
imposition of the social order to keep
peace essentially so it's a it's a
fairly dark view of of humankind
Rousseau on the other hand would think
of people as intrinsically good and the
social order as intrinsically tyrannical
you can actually think about Hobbes and
Rousseau in some sense of as as as
opposites that need to be paired
together in order to get a relatively
comprehensive view of human nature
well the postmodern view is like the
Hobbesian view in some sense except you
want to replace the individual with with
with pyramids of of social organization
so hierarchies of social organization
that are based on group identity and
that the landscape in which those
pyramids exist is one of unbroken enmity
and inability to communicate so it's a
very dark view as far as I'm concerned
and I think it's fundamentally wrong and
in many ways I mean it's right in that
there are groups of people and there is
some difficulty in communication between
them and that power is in the element in
the formation of hierarchies but you
can't reduce hierarchy or group
relationship to those premises it's too
simplified because people also cooperate
we're also not groups many many of us
belong to many groups so it's to the
actual situation is far too complex to
reduce it to that degree to reduce it to
that degree even though you can come up
with a good explanatory story if you do
so it doesn't capture the nuances and
they're not just nuances it doesn't
capture the essence now the thing is is
that when you make the presupposition
that the reason that hierarchies exist
is because of power then essentially
what you do is turn every hierarchy into
a tyranny and so if you if there is
hierarchy then you assume it's a tyranny
well that's really the patriarchy the
patriarchy is hierarchy assumed as
tyranny and that's also just not true
except in pathological hierarchies so
for example we know from the
psychological literature that the best
predictors of long-term life success our
intelligence and conscientiousness
in in Western countries at least well
that's what you'd hope for right more or
less if you want it even to set up a
society even if you weren't particularly
smart or hard-working you might want to
set up a society where intelligence and
hard work we're good predictors of
success because then the people who were
smart and hardworking would produce a
bunch of things that you could have if
you could trade for them and of course
that is actually the situation that most
of us are in so and of course the other
thing about people who believe that
hierarchies in the West are only
composed of of power and tyranny is that
their own actions belie that because
whenever they make a decision to
interact with that hierarchy they
attempt or to make a purchase or to make
a trade let's say or to obtain a server
a service of any importance let's say a
medical service they are going to
definitely act as if there are less and
more competent people within that
hierarchy and seek out the ones that are
more competent obviously which you don't
do if if the hierarchy is only composed
of tyranny and power there's no point
looking for competence but anyways in
the West and in functioning societies
the hierarchies are basically predicated
on competence and not power and and you
might say well that's pretty naive it's
like no actually it's not very naive I'm
not saying at all that inappropriate
power plays don't play a role in
corrupting hierarchies of competence
that happens but generally what happens
is if the hierarchies of competence get
corrupted enough by power then they
crumble because they can no longer
function so and though you know the
evidence that our hierarchies of
competence work is everywhere because
everything around us works all the time
ayaan Hirsi Ali tells that to to
interesting stories in her book infidel
which is a great book by the way she
came from Africa and and from a country
that wasn't very functional and when she
came to Holland
said there were two things that really
amazed her and this really struck me
because you know now and then you get
lucky and you can see the the world you
live in from an outsider's perspective
right you get to see through someone
else's eyes she said the first thing
that knocked her off her feet was
waiting for a bus in in Amsterdam and on
the you know she's standing at the bus
stop and there's a pole there and
there's digital sign on the pole and the
digital sign says when the next bus is
going to come and counts down and then
when it hits zero the bus appears and
she just she just she absolutely could
not believe that that would happen that
there could be a sign that told you when
the bus would come and that it would
change and the bus would actually appear
and you think well yeah no that's a
miracle man that's an absolute miracle
it is it is you've got to think that
through you know the amount of timing
and organization and and and reliability
mechanical reliability and sociological
or social organization and dedication on
the part of the bus drivers in the
entire company and the organization of
the whole city in the state to make that
possible is absolutely beyond belief
especially when it's time to well
perhaps not the second but to ten
seconds or something like that that is
absolutely beyond belief and her
inability to comprehend that was the
correct response and then the other
thing she was amazed by was that you
could go talk to policemen and they
would help you that was just that was
just a no-go for her because for her ik
her experience was policemen were there
to shake you down and and hurt you and
so you think well you know
well I won't I won't dwell on that point
any longer the point is is that it's
absolutely ridiculous blind to make the
assumption that the hierarchies in
functioning Western democracies are
fundamentally predicated on power and
tyranny and then you know I can use a
biological example to which would place
me outside of the postmodern realm of
argument because the post modernists
don't believe in biology but but they
act like they do because they all die so
so this primatologist named well I'll
tell you two stories okay cuz these are
these are really useful so the ones
about rats and I got this story from yok
panksepp who was a great neuroscientist
he wrote a book called effective
neuroscience which by the way is on my
reading list that's on my website it's a
really good book affective neuroscience
he's a great scientist he was one of the
people who he learned that he learned
that rats laugh they laugh out
ultrasonic li-like bats so if you're
gonna you tickle them with a pencil
eraser they laugh but you have to record
it and then slow it down and then you
can hear them and you might think well
rats laugh like what would be a big
grant for that what kind of idiocy is
that it's like no no no just don't don't
don't get ahead of yourself here you
know he was showing that that that
capacity for social interaction for
social interaction that was mediated by
physiological touch mmm-hmm activated
the same excuse me activated the same
circuits in rats that a dozen people and
that those are actual biological
circuits and that we share them even
with rats now rats are quite similar to
human beings as it turns out I could say
especially post modernists but I won't
and and and so the fact that that you
know that little rats giggle when you
tickle them is is actually
extraordinarily important he also
identified surprising I've been talking
too much lately he also identified the
primary play circuit in mammals and
that's a big deal too from a scientific
perspective that's like discovering a
new continent like discovering a whole
brain system that people really didn't
know existed that's a big deal
so here's a little story about rats so
young rats like to engage in
rough-and-tumble play especially
juvenile males it's also the case for
puppies if you've ever had a puppy
dogs are like that they like to wrestle
and it's one of the things that male
human beings tend to do with their
offspring and it's a really really good
thing like rough-and-tumble play with
children really help socialize them
because
helps them figure out the difference
between touch and even rough touch and
pain you know cuz one of the things
you're doing when you're rough and
tumble playing with the little kid is
you know you throw them up in the air
and you wrestle it around
I built my I had two couches when my
kids were little that were sort of face
to face so we built this little
wrestling ring and I used to go in there
and pound them half to death every night
you know
so they loved that I mean they get so
excited about that they love that so
much it's just crazy but the reason for
that is like you're stretching out their
bodies and you're showing them that they
can't put their thumb and your eye and
you're teaching them to be graceful and
and and you're teaching them the
difference between something new that's
happening to the body and something
painful you're really teaching them to
dance and it's this really complicated
physiological dance that that is
indicative of a socialized being and
that's partly why women like men who can
dance by the way because it seemed shows
that you can pay attention to someone
else first of all that you're
coordinated but even more importantly
that you can take the fact of your
coordination and coordinate that with
someone else's coordination so and
that's very primal and physiological
it's built right into your body
and rough and tumble play helps without
a lot anyways rats also like to rough
and tumble play for much the same
reasons and sort of sort of pretty much
all social mammals so you can tell that
rats like it see how do you know if a
rat like something well he'll work for
it and one of the ways you can figure
out if a rat wants to work for something
is that no you get him in a state where
maybe he's desperate for whatever he's
working for and you can put a little
spring on him and figure out how hard he
pulls to go somewhere he knows where
he's going to get that and then you can
measure the force that he's willing to
apply and that gives you a rough
estimate of his motivation or maybe
asked a bar press like a you know like a
coke cocaine addicted rat to to receive
the reward and you can count rate of bar
pressing and you can get an estimate of
how excited the rat is to go do whatever
it is the rats going to do and so
panksepp used to put rats
he'd pair them one rat against the other
in kind of a play arena not a very big
thing and and these were juvenile males
and they would work to do that okay so
they liked it and
and maybe one rat was 10% bigger than
the other and then when you paired them
the big rat would beat the little rat
because 10% weight advantage was enough
to make the bigger dominant okay so then
they established basically dominance and
Submission you might think about that as
a power relationship and to some degree
it is but it's more complicated than
that and this is very important so so
the rats play together once and the big
rat pins the little rat really very much
like wrestling those rats wrestle just
like people wrestle and if you pair them
together then the big rat can pin the
little rat okay so now you got dominant
rats subordinate rat roughly speaking
and but then you see if you stop the
experiment there you'd think while the
rats play to establish dominance and
Submission but the thing is is that rats
don't just play once they play many many
many times and that's also the case with
human beings is that you don't just play
once you play many many times and there
is a difference between the rules of a
game and the rules of a set of games and
that's so unbelievably important so you
keep that mind because we'll return to
that so anyways the next time the two
rats get together the little rat has to
ask the big rat to play because the rule
basically is subordinate entity asks
dominant entity to play and so the
little rat does what mammals do to play
you know they kind of put their paws
down and put the rear end up bit up in
the air you see dogs do that and unless
you're completely clueless you know that
that doesn't mean he's going for your
throat means he wants you to whack him
on the side of the head so he can sort
of pretend to bite you you know it's
it's pretty obvious if you've played
with dogs and children so and I make
that comparison because dogs and
children understand each other right
they're pack animals they follow the
same basic rules they know how to play
they can become friends otherwise you
wouldn't have them as pets I mean the
dogs not the children so anyways the
little rat asks the big rot to play and
the big rat things yeah yeah okay they
will play they wrestle and you pair them
multiple times well if you pair them
multiple times what you find is that
less the big rat lets the little rat win
thirty percent of the time the little
rat
won't ask the big rat to play anymore
and that do you think well who cares
what like why is that important it's
like it's really important that's a
really important discovery because it
shows you that that even rats have a set
