many of you will no doubt remember
lindsey shepherd
she was the teaching assistant in the
department of communications at wilford
laurier university who was subjected to
a three-member panel of inquiry after
she showed a video taken from canadian
public television of me debating the
compelled speech legislation introduced
in federal bill c-16
she showed my discussion with nicholas
matt who held the opposite position
here is part of the discussion in
question
what do we do
the three-member panel included
professors nathan rambuchana her
supervisor herbert pimlott in charge of
the masters program and adria joel
manager of gendered violence and sexual
assault prevention
shepard taped the meeting and released
it publicly producing what i think was
the biggest scandal that ever enveloped
a canadian university and certainly the
only one in living memory that became
news internationally
the thing is can you shield people from
those ideas
am i supposed to comfort them and
make sure that they are insulated away
from this like is that what the point of
this is
because to me that is so
against what a university is about so
against it i was not taking sides i was
presenting both arguments
so the thing is about this is
if you're presenting something like this
it uh
you have to think about the kind of
teaching climate that you're creating
and
this is actually these arguments are
counter to the canadian um human rights
code uh ever since i know that you've
talked about
c16 ever since this past it is
discriminatory to
be targeting someone um due to their
gender identity or gender expression so
bringing something like that up in class
not critically and i understand that
you're trying to like it was critical
i i introduced it critically
how so like like i said i it was in the
spirit of debate okay and the spirit of
the debate
is slightly different than being like
okay this is this is like a problematic
idea that we want to make when we want
to unpack but that's taking sides
yes like it's taking sides for me to be
like oh look at this guy like everything
that comes out of his mouth is bs but
we're gonna watch anyway okay
so i understand the position that you're
coming from in your positionality but
the reality is
that it has created a toxic climate for
some of the students it you know it's
how many it's great
like how many okay one yeah it may speak
i have no i have no concept of of like
how many people complain like what their
complaint was you haven't shown me
the complaint yes i i understand that
this is upsetting but there's also
confidential at the end confidentiality
matters the number of people's
confidential yes
although the university apologized
publicly for its treatment of shepherd
as did rambu khanna it is not clear at
all that the powers that be so to speak
learned their lesson and the
mistreatment of shepard not only
continued but arguably intensified
so she decided to press her case legally
and presented a statement of claim
against the three and wilford laurier
early in the second week of june
it lists in painful detail the many ways
that this situation was mishandled
during and after the initial inquisition
i also discussed the situation with
howard levitt shepard's lawyer i decided
that wilford laurier had learned very
little from its public embarrassment and
that shepard's claims were valid
justifiable and necessary including her
statement that her future lack of
employability in academia was improbable
to say the least
i've been on hiring committees and i can
tell you that even then the slightest
whiff of scandal is enough to disqualify
a candidate
in consequence not only did i decide to
read and post the entirety of shepard's
claims which i will do in a few minutes
i also decided to launch a claim of my
own against the same defendants i
thought that two lawsuits might make the
point better than one i'll read some of
my claim to after shepherds and you can
all make up your own minds about the
suitability of this course of action
ontario superior court of justice
between lindsay shepard plaintiff and
nathan rambuchana adria jewell herbert
pimlott and wilford laurier university
defendants statement of claim
to the defendant
a legal proceeding has been commenced
against you by the plaintiff the claim
made against you is set out in the
following pages
if you fail to defend this proceeding
judgment may be given against you in
your absence and without further notice
to you
2. nathan rambu khanna
and to adria jewell
and to herbert pimlott
and to wilford laurier university
claim
the plaintiff claims the following
against the defendants individually and
cumulatively the following
five hundred thousand for the tort of
harassment five hundred thousand for the
tort of intentional infliction of
nervous shock five hundred thousand for
the tort of negligence a hundred
thousand for constructive dismissal
aggravated damages in the amount of five
hundred thousand general damages
in the amount of five hundred thousand
punitive damages in the amount of a
million dollars
the plaintiff resides in the town of
waterloo in the province of ontario
the defendants herbert pimlott and
nathan rambuchana are professors at the
defendant wilford laurier university
pimlott was the coordinator for the
masters program of the university and
rambu khanna at the relevant time was
the professor for the course which
shepard was a teaching assistant for
both had considerable influence over the
plaintiff's employment as a teaching
assistant and status as a master's
student
the defendant adria joel was at all
relevant times acting manager of the
university's diversity and equity office
in charge of gender violence prevention
the defendant university is a creature
of statute
created pursuant to the provisions of
the wilford laurier act
the university is vicariously liable for
all of the conduct of the individual
defendants referred to herein and at all
relevant times created an environment
supporting and facilitating acquiescing
to and implicitly and sometimes
explicitly endorsing that conduct
the constituent statute of the
university the wilford laurier act 1973
as amended 2001 and 2016
in providing the fundamental
jurisdiction and authority for the
university to operate states as its
object in section four
that the objects of the university are
for the pursuit of learning through
scholarship teaching and research within
a spirit of free inquiry and expression
the university has no other object and
no jurisdict
and no jurisdiction to operate otherwise
the university has no other object and
no jurisdiction to operate otherwise
pursuant to section 5 powers of the
university the act further states that
the university has all powers necessary
and incidental to the satisfaction and
furtherance of its objects as a
university
the constituent statute creating and
empowering the university provides it
with no other power or authority
shepard was at all relevant times a
student in the university masters
program pursuing her master's degree and
employed as a teaching assistant for a
course under rambuchana and following
that under professor judith nicholson
as a teaching assistant shepard
supported a class taught by professor
rambikana
she was generally responsible for
teaching two groups of approximately 25
students was assigned topics and was
entitled pursuant to the policies of the
university and of rambuchana to devise
her own curriculum
was an indifferent mentor who had only
met with shepard twice about his course
and only then briefly
ironically given his complaint against
her as delineated below he provided her
with very limited direction as to the
content to provide to her students in
his classes
the topic for one of her communication
classes held on november 1st 2017 was
grammar she taught three classes that
day
shepard introduced the topic of the
grammatical correctness of
gender-neutral language in the evolution
of various languages and to facilitate
discussion on the subject showed a few
minute extract from a tv ontario program
moderated by stephen paken consisting of
a debate between professor jordan
peterson of the university of toronto
psychology department and nicholas matt
from the university of toronto's sexual
diversity studies program
peterson and nicholas matt were debating
compelled gender pronouns peterson
argued against being required to use
these new words which he argued had not
developed organically matt took an
opposing position
shortly following that class rambuccana
ordered her to attend a meeting the very
next day with himself pimlott the
program coordinator for the entire
masters program and adria joel acting
director of the diversity and equity
office
both rambukana and pimlot had
considerable authority over shepard's
fate at the university apparently so did
joel
shepard had never been called into such
a meeting indeed rambikana to that point
had barely acknowledged her existence
at this session all three lambasted
shepherd viciously attacking her
personally falsely alleging that there
had been a complaint or complaints about
her tutorial and insisting that in
playing the tv ontario clip she had been
threatening to her students rambokanic
claimed that her showing this tv ontario
clip breached the charter of rights and
freedoms and federal bill c-16 which
does not even govern provincially
regulated universities created an unsafe
learning environment and was illegal
shepard was accused of targeting trans
folks even though shepard had chosen no
side had up till that point disagreed
with what she understood to be
peterson's perspective and presented the
arguments and the debate neutrally ram
buchana attacked and slandered peterson
claiming that he was part of the
alt-right and that playing a clip of
peterson without first providing any
previous context to the students was
like neutrally playing a speech by adolf
hitler shepherd argued that doing as he
asked would be taking sides and that was
not her role she was then further
rebuked for taking that position at
various points during that almost
hour-long vicious and abusive attack
shepard was reduced to tears
ironically rather than being a
present-day personification of adolf
hitler as rambuchana implied jordan
peterson has spent decades educating his
students about the evils of the
holocaust and specifically as part of
his psychological teachings has studied
and taught how individuals degenerate
ethically to the point where they take
place
to the point where they take part in
atrocities
as part of his psychological teachings
he has studied and taught how
individuals degenerate ethically to the
point where they take part in atrocities
during the meeting shepard was
effectively attacked as a protege and
supporter of peterson
pimlott continued to libel peterson
explaining that people like him live in
a fantasy world of false conspiracy and
accusing shepard of being an agent of
those ideas because she had neutrally
shown this video with its opposing
viewpoints
rambu cana falsely but imaginatively
claimed that shepard herself was
targeting people based on their gender
identity or gender expression and in
doing so had violated the federal human
rights code of bill c-16 although
shepard's conduct was in no way violent
of of that or any law
shepard asked the individual defendants
whether her job as a teaching assistant
was to shield her students from debate
and ideas rambukana asserted that it was
and then accused her of targeting
students due to their gender expression
and identity
when shepard pointed out that she had
not taken sides in this debate the three
rebuked her for creating a toxic climate
the three refused to advise shepard what
the complaint was or who complained
claiming that even the number of
complaints was confidential
as was subsequently ascertained there
had been no complaint at all
shepard protested that she did not
understand how her teaching methods
constituted any disservice to the
university since the ideas in the video
were already part of social currency
joel responded without any foundation
accusing her of spreading transphobia
rambukana added to jewel's attack by
essentially comparing her actions to
white supremacy
contrary to the allegations of the
defendants at this meeting shepard
conducted herself at this seminar
precisely as her role required and
singularly represented the principles of
the wilford laurier university act for
this she was viciously attacked by
rambikana pimlot and jewell they
continued to abuse her even after she
began sobbing accusing shepard of
causing harm to unnamed students
shepard apologized for crying during the
meeting pleading i am stressed out
because to me this is wrong so wrong
noting that the very spirit of the
university is to challenge ideas that
you already have and reminding them that
she had not taken any side or position
the meeting concluded with shepard being
advised even after she promised to show
no further videos of peterson or
anything of the like that she now had to
run all of her seminar notes past
rambuchana
to obtain specific approval for any
future clips of anyone that she attended
to show
and that rambu kanna might have to sit
in on her future classes
she was prohibited from showing any
further videos
finally they suggested to her that her
job might be in jeopardy
the conduct of the defendants was
objectively outrageous and flagrant they
had reckless disregard for the fact that
the foreseeable consequences of their
conduct would cause shepherd to suffer
emotionless stress
which it did
there are various policies of the
university which constitute a contract
between the university and its members
including shepard
article 1.01 of the procedures relating
to the prevention of harassment and
discrimination policy 6.1 of the
university notes that informal
resolution possibilities as well as
emotional academic and departmental
supports will be explored
none of this occurred
it also noted in article 1.02 of the
procedures relating to the prevention of
harassment discrimination policy 6.1
that if the concern falls outside of
this policy's jurisdiction or could be
more appropriately dealt with elsewhere
the individual will be referred to the
appropriate office that also did not
occur
under article 3.02 of policy 6.1 the
office of dispute resolution and support
will determine whether a complaint may
go forward article 3.04 states that the
office is available to provide guidance
on the preparation of a complaint or
response to a complaint that guidance
was not provided to shepherd article
5.01 of policy 6.1 states that an
investigation may be required when other
efforts to resolve the complaint have
not been successful or not appropriate
in the complaint by jackson referred to
below
no other efforts to resolve the
complaint were considered before
proceeding to the formal investigation
of shepard
article 8.03 of policy 6.1 states that
wilford laurier university's prevention
of discrimination and harassment policy
is not intended to inhibit academic
freedom it was used by rambuchana joel
and pimlot for precisely that purpose
article 8.05 notes that the university
may take disciplinary action against
those who make allegations of harassment
or discrimination which are reckless
malicious or not in good faith
although pimlott rambuchana and joel had
acted recklessly maliciously and in bad
faith and it was ultimately determined
by the university that this meeting
never should have occurred no action has
been taken by the university against
them and shepard was provided no
protection from their predations
the prevention of harassment
discrimination policy provides in
article 1.02 that each member of the
campus community is responsible for
helping to create an environment that
promotes mutual respect and
understanding for the dignity and rights
of others this policy was violated by
rambuchana pimlot and joel
the prevention of harassment
discrimination policy defines workplace
harassment in article 2.04 as engaging
in a course of vexatious comment or
conduct against a worker in the
workplace that is known or ought
reasonably to be known to be unwelcome
or workplace harassment this provision
too was violated by rambuccana pimlot
and joel
article 2.07 defines a poisoned
environment as where harassing or
discriminatory behaviors are severe and
or pervasive and cause unreasonable
interference with a person's study or
work environment a poisoned environment
may be created a poisoned work or
learning environment is one that is
intimidating hostile and or offensive a
poisoned environment can arise even from
a single incident
it may be created by the comments or
actions of any person regardless of his
or her status
rambuccana pimlott and joel created a
poisoned work environment for shepard
and thereby breached the university's
contractual obligations to shepherd
article 4.04 states that the university
will take appropriate steps to fairly
investigate respond to allegations of
discrimination and or harassment in
accordance with the procedures relating
to this policy
no such steps were taken instead shepard
was wrongly attacked by the members of
the administration until public and
