tonight's talk this is the most popular
talk we've ever done in 15 years tonight
is the third so it's been a weekend of
Jordan Peterson rich with has been a
huge pleasure for anyone who doesn't
know him and last night I think it was
one babe in arms and tonight it's
probably my mother he is a was a
professor associate professor at Harvard
University and is now the professor of
clinical psychology at Toronto his first
book was a huge success it
revolutionized the psychology of
religion and his latest book of the
twelve rules of life is set to do
exactly the same just a few housekeeping
things at the end of the talk we're
going to have a Q&A which I'm going to
moderate so do prepare your questions
please make them questions and also for
those people in the livestream they'll
be posted notes and you can't hand
questions for the ushers and we'll be
taking those as well so I look forward
to that and at the end of it we're going
to be doing not so much as signing but
here on stage a dedication everyone's
book is or pretty what everyone's book
is already signed so if you want to if
you don't want a dedication then just
leave you on the third page you'll find
the signature in order to last night
there was a huge queue as you can
imagine in order to make the queue run
smoothly and sorry to sound bossy but
he's not going to be doing selfies
just because it means he's got a stand
up the whole time and it'll slow down
the flow but he is very happy to be
photographed and you can photobomb him
if you'd like
also because all of us particularly me
are really keen for him to solve the
problems of our lives please resist
doing that during the dedication because
it'll really slow everything down I
think the three things that you can take
away from this evening and you'll be the
judge is first of all be inspired by the
talk secondly read the book and thirdly
marry a Canadian I feel rather fortunate
to have now done all three also if you
would like to tweet its hashtag the
rules of twelve rules of life so without
further ado please welcome one of the
world's great public intellectuals
Jordan Peterson thank you
[Applause]
[Applause]
well that was nice so I thought I'd I
talk about my book tonight I give him
two talks now and I didn't actually talk
directly about it I sort of talked
around it and so I thought I don't like
to give the same talk twice so I thought
I'd actually walked through it and and
and outline it a little bit and so I had
to spend most of the day memorizing the
rules you know you'd think if you worked
on something for three years or it's
been five years I guess you'd actually
have it memorized but memory is a very
strange thing and it's it's very
particular and goal-oriented and I
actually didn't have the rules memorized
and certainly not their numbers so
hopefully I do by now so I guess we're
gonna find out but I have a copy of the
book here in case I in case I forget so
I think we'll go through them one by one
and we'll see how see how that goes
seven o'clock so all right good the
first rule which is kind of a comical
rule is stand up straight with your
shoulders back and it's a meditation
among other things on the habits of
lobsters I read some papers on lobsters
well must be ten years ago I guess and
it they just absolutely blew me away and
one of the things I've really loved
about being a psychologist there's many
things but I've really loved
psychoanalytic theory and and the great
clinicians the behaviorists as well
I mean Freud Jung addler Carl Rogers
Abraham Maslow that behaviors like
skinner and and and the cognitive
behaviors I mean I've learned a
tremendous amount from reading the
clinicians and so if any of you are
interested in psychology I would really
recommend reading the great clinicians
because they know they've learned so
much about life it's crazy by reading
them so that's been fun but then on the
entirely other end of the spectrum where
I've learned most about psychology is
from the really low what would you call
them the really science oriented animal
behaviors that's where they would they
turned into the neuroscientists right
they were the animal behaviorist first
of all and then they turned into the
neuroscientists I've learned a
tremendous amount from them there's such
clear thinkers the best of the bunch I
think there's two of them one named
Jeffrey gray who wrote a book called the
neural psychology of anxiety which is
just a deadly book it's impossible to
read it takes like six months to read it
because I think he he read like 1,800
papers to write it or something like
that and he actually read them that's
the cool thing and he understood them
which is really something then there's
another guy named yakky egg Ceph who
wrote a book called how affective
neuroscience which outlines his studies
for example of rats he was the guy who
learned that rats laugh if you tickle
them with the end of a pencil eraser but
they laugh ultrasonically like bats so
you have to salute you have to slow down
the ultrasonic vocalizations before you
can hear them giggle and you think why
the hell when you spend your time
tickling rats with a pencil and making
them laugh but see what he demonstrated
there was that that there was a play
circuit in mammals that there's an
actual there's a psycho biological basis
for rough-and-tumble play for example
it's a bloody big deal you know
discovering a whole new circuit in the
brain that's like discovering a
continent it's Nobel prize-winning stuff
and panksepp so effective neuroscience I
would highly recommend that so there's
this other book I know about - which is
twelve rules for life which you could
also look into if you want anyways I was
reading these these articles on lobsters
and I came across this this finding that
lobsters lobsters governed their
postural flexion with serotonin and I
thought god that's so interesting it's
so in deflection is this is to stand up
straight wow that's so interesting
because you know depressed people
crouched over I wonder if there's any
link between those two things and then I
went and read a whole pile of papers on
lobster lobster neural chemistry lobster
neuro chemistry is actually quite well
understood because they have a fairly
simple nervous system right and so if
you want to understand a complex nervous
system it's a good idea to understand a
simple one first and then sort of
elaborate upwards and it turns out that
serotonin governs status governs status
emotional regulation and posture in
lobsters just
like it does in human beings and so that
would just blew me away and so one one
one thing that the chapter one is about
is the fact that if a lobster is
defeated in a dominance battle you can
give it essentially antidepressants and
it will fight again now that just blew
me away you know it's so it's so
remarkable because one of the things
that tells you is that so if you're a
imagine that you could be lobster top
dog or bottom dog imagine there's ten
strata in the lobster hierarchy and so
you could be number one right top
lobster number ten bottom lobster if
your bottom Lobster you have low
serotonin levels than high octopamine
levels that's the neurochemical that
human beings don't produce and if you're
a top lobster you have high serotonin
levels and lower top amine levels and
you can move a lobster in its dominance
hierarchy by moderating its levels of
serotonin and I thought that's so
interesting because what it means is
that the counter that keeps track of our
status when we have a counter in a sense
in our minds that keeps track of our
status is a third of a billion years old
and what that also means is that the the
idea of the hierarchy let's call it a
dominance hierarchy because it within
lobsters it's kind of like a physical
prowess hierarchy something like that
the idea of the hierarchy is at least
350 million years old and so I read that
and I think well so much for the idea
that human hierarchies are a
socio-cultural construct it's like no
that's wrong it's not just a little bit
wrong it's unbelievably wrong it's
mind-boggling ly wrong right and it's
right and so so hierarchies hierarchies
have been around for a third of a
billion years and and we have a
neurochemical system that modulates our
our understanding of those hierarchies
and then also and this is the
interesting thing too and this is why
people's reputations are so important to
them among there's lots of reasons but
this is one of them is that where this
counter that you share with lobsters
rates you in terms of your hierarchical
position determines the ratio of
negative emotion to positive emotion
that you feel and that's also an
absolutely mind-boggling
idea for two reasons one is it tells you
why it's so hard on people to be put
down because it doesn't just upset them
in the moment it changes the way their
entire system responds to the world so
that they now experience more positive
emotion and less than eight less
negative emotion so that's really rough
and then there's a corollary to that too
which is like there's a very tight
relationship between your belief system
and your dominance hierarchy position
it's complicated but it's worth going
through like let's say that so I have a
certain amount of status as a professor
and and and I have the let's call it the
what would you say I've been granted the
entitlement to a certain position in a
in a social hierarchy now the question
is why do I have a valid claim to that
position and the answer hypothetically
is because I know enough so that my
claim to the position is valid so then
if you stand up in the audience and
challenge my beliefs and show that I'm
wrong you might you might say well I get
upset because I'm wrong but the more
accurate reason that I get upset is
because you're indicating to the crowd
that my my position in the hierarchy of
authority is invalid and by doing that
you lower me in the hierarchy and you
mess around with the neurochemical
systems that are regulating my emotions
and so if you're interested at least in
part in why people are so prone to
defend themselves and their beliefs in
the service of their position then
that's why and so that's a great example
of how you can learn these unbelievable
things by stumbling across a rather
obscure biological fact it's just it's
just what would you say it it's like
it's like a series of dominoes and and
that's also why biological facts are so
useful it's like we don't have to argue
about whether or not haha social
hierarchies as I said or or or
hierarchies are social constructs a
given hierarchy is influenced in its
structure by socio cultural conditioning
let's say but the fact of the hierarchy
so like the part of your brain that
detects and regulates your response to
hierarchies is older than the part of
your brain that recognizes trees like
it's old it's really really fundamental
and so and almost all social animals
organize themselves and social in
hierarchies because now the other thing
that chapter one
is a bit of a meditation on what might
constitute a hierarchy one of my
business colleagues a former student of
mine from Harvard very very smart guy
it's got a graduate degree in
engineering from MIT and a PhD in
psychology from Harvard so there's like
one of him in the whole world and he's a
very smart guy and he helped me design
the self authoring suite by the way and
he's been working for about 20 years on
that that's the suite of programs that
helps people write about their lives and
straighten them out he told me to stop
using the word dominance hierarchy and
he said the reason for that was that it
was infested with Marxist
presuppositions and it really bothered
me when he first said that because I've
been using the word for years dominance
hierarchy he said we had a discussion
about that he said well it's predicated
on the idea that you climb up the
hierarchy human hierarchy as a
consequence of the expression of power
it's like that's wrong you climb up
valid hierarchies as a consequence of
the expression of competence and that's
actually technically right he was
exactly the right person to tell me that
because he had done his PhD on what
predicts success in Western hierarchies
and the answer is quite clear general
cognitive ability some prefrontal
ability as well which was what he
specifically tested so intelligence
roughly speaking although it's a little
bit more elaborate than intelligence but
that's close enough and trait
conscientiousness accounts for about 50
percent of the variance in long term
success and you think well hey how do
you want your society be structured it
seems pretty good to me that smart
hardworking people are the ones most
likely to succeed that's not a bad
empirical test of the validity of a
structure now especially given how much
vagary there is in life lots of random
things happen to people but it's better
to be born three standard deviations
above the mean in intelligence in the
West than it is to be born three
standard deviations above the mean in
wealth in relationship to where you'll
end up when you're 40 so he said to use
the word competence hierarchy or we
decided that and I think that's much
better
so chapter one as a bit of a meditation
on the nature of hierarchies and the
biochemistry of hierarchy but it's also
an injunction about how to present
yourself because you don't you want to
present yourself to the world in a
manner that that doesn't disgrace you in
some sense that that might be a good way
to think about it and
you don't want to disgrace yourself
because the consequence of disgrace is
its emotional dysregulation more pain
less positive emotion and so the best
way to present yourself is to stand up
forthrightly and to stretch out you know
and to occupy some space and to to to
you make yourself sort of vulnerable by
doing that because you open up the front
of your body right but it's a sign of
confidence and that way people are most
likely to give you the benefit of the
doubt and that's a good way to start
regulating your mood but not only does
it directly regulate your mood to stand
up because it's so tightly associated
like posture reflection is associated
with serotonin and emotional regulation
but also because if you straighten up
and you present yourself in that manner
then other people are more likely to
take you seriously and that means
they'll start treating you as if you're
a number one lobster instead of a number
ten lobster and that's another way that
you can at least give yourself the
bloody benefit of the doubt right and
and and and and and and confront the
world in a courageous manner and that's
a really good way of also of of figuring
out how to establish yourself in
multiple competence hierarchies because
one of the general rules of thumb about
how to be successful is to confront
things that frighten you forthrightly
and with courage and that's kind of a
universal strategy for success and so
that's what the first chapter is about
so that's quite fun my graduate students
I told them these lobsters stories a my
graduate students when we used to go out
for breakfast and they were very
competitive Bunch very fractious and
witty and they were always trying to get
one over on each other a hundred and
some witty put down or something like
that and it got to the point in the
restaurants where they put their claws
in the urns click like this when they
you know got one over on one of their
colleagues which was very peculiar and
strange and very funny as well so so
that's rule number one rule number two
is uh treat yourself like you're someone
that you care about and that that's a
deeper chapter I would say like chapter
one is kind of comical but it's also got
this serious scientific end for example
and it's practical like most of the
rules are
chapter 2 is a bit of a meditation on
why see I read this I read this site
this piece of work by Jung a long while
back and it was a meditation on the
injunction to treat your neighbor as as
you would like to be treated
something like that and what Jung
pointed out which I really liked was
that that wasn't an injunction to be
nice to other people it was an
invitation to reciprocity it was
something like this is like you should
figure out how you would like to be
treated like you were taking care of
yourself not how you would like people
to respond to you it's more important
than that it's like imagine you had a
child that you really cared for and
someone said well people will treat this
child exactly like you want them to but
you have to figure out what that is and
so then you'd have to sit down for like
a month and you think okay well how do
you want your child to be treated you
don't want everyone just to be nice to
him you know you want people to
challenge them and you want people to
discipline them and you want people to
tell him when he's wrong it's like you
don't just want everyone to be nice
that's that's pathetic it's pathetic
isn't there's no challenge in that and
so well you want to treat other people
like you would like to be treated well
then you have to figure out how would
you like to be treated and while you'd
like people to fawn all over you and
just lay everything at your feet it's
like no that's that's not something
you'd wish for for someone that you were
taking care of and then then there's an
additional problem which is it's often
the case that people will treat other
people better than they treat themselves
that happens extremely frequently so one
of the things I pointed out chapter 2
was that if you have a dog and you take
him to a vet and the vet gives you your
prescription medicine you'll go buy the
medicine and you will give it to the dog
and you will do it properly but if you
go yourself to a doctor and you get a
prescription there's one that there's a
30% chance you won't even pick up the
medication and if you do there's a 50%
chance that you won't administer it to
yourself properly and so I really
thought about that when I first came
across that statistic it really it was
another one of those little facts I
thought what the hell's up with that
it's like you'll do it for your dog
so obviously you'll do it for something
you care about and you're conscientious
enough so you'll actually do it so like
why wouldn't you do it for you your dog
likes you you know even your dog would
rather that you did but but you don't
you don't and and it's it's actually one
of the reasons that modern medicine
doesn't work nearly as well as it could
because people just don't take their
medication and it's not only because
they don't take care of themselves
there's some skepticism about doctors
but you could be just as skeptical about
the vet so it's a deep meditation I
would say and it's what I've done with
these rules is they're very simple rules
