yeah and I'll get right into it I've I
work for svenska Dogbot which is the
newspaper one of the the second largest
with daily circulation swing and then I
ask sometimes on Twitter and Facebook if
they excited what kind of people do you
think I should interview and and your
name has come up a lot I think you've
heard this before so and then recently I
wrote piecing in collects all the
freedom in in Sweden and and you shared
it on twitter and facebook so then i
that's when i mail you because then i
thought that perhaps now I have a
perhaps now you will respond on I can
get me into you
yeah well quill apt has really turned
out to be quite quite the platform man
yes you know I mean it's it's I'm really
I did an interview with Claire layman I
interviewed her which I haven't released
yet but I but will in the next probably
two weeks something like that but she's
hitting it out of the park as far as
aren't far as I'm concerned it kind of
reminds me of what magazine like
Harper's used to be or at the Atlantic
before before mainstream journalism
collapsed virtually completely and
became so politicized so yeah well it's
been really impressive I would just ask
that it's something that like a mother
of two or one yeah raelia
and just being fed up with the political
correctness of her psychology department
I think it was and then she starts quill
it and now we're all like sharing in her
project from all over the world yeah
yeah it's amazing it's really amazing
and she well she has really good
editorial sense she must be really smart
that that girl yeah I would say so too
and but I'll try I don't know if you
remember I'll just begin by asking you
about the Sweden Sweden case I don't
know if you remember what the article
was about but I wrote about Eric green
Marv is a professor at
political science department and he was
forced to include Judith Butler but you
did Butler on his literally oh yeah
right Judith Butler yeah yeah great yeah
great
and the course is about modern society
and its and its critics so it's
basically about the reactionary forces
and left-wing extremist forces during
the turn of the last century so in the
early 20th century and late 19th century
and then new leaf Butler and actually
one of the course not Eric but his other
his teaching assistant interviewed at a
you get butter and she said that she is
agreed with the method so is she agreed
with the professors that she did she
thought that the academic freedom was
more important than being forced to
teach about feminist authors and gender
science so she was actually on the other
side gender science yeah exactly is by
no means a scientist or even a credible
academic as far as I'm concerned I think
she's a straight-out ideologue and and
the fact that anybody would be forced
well first of all force to include
anything on their curriculum I think is
absolutely reprehensible it's talk down
interference with academic freedom and
it's extraordinarily dangerous because
once that precedent is established then
you open the door for political
interference in the like like organized
political interference from outside the
Academy and it'll collapse very rapidly
under certain we saw that happening in
Germany and also in the Soviet Union
it's like that can happen so quickly
that people can't can't it's almost
impossible to believe now we're in this
weird situation where the same thing
seems to be happening to a large degree
within the Academy itself and so and
what to do about that is by no means
obvious but but I don't think that
allowing external control of any sort
over the contents of the courses that
Professor teach professors teaches it's
a very very bad idea
we they have a rule rule of thumb they
call it but it's basically it's much
more a rule than a rule of thumb but at
least 40% of all the literature has to
be written by women so if you're
unbelievable
if you're holding a course for example
about porn in society and it's create
critics with a lot of primary literature
from the turn of the century then you
run into a problem because women weren't
so they weren't a lot of women who were
respect them oh you know is so
unbelievably I would say resentful I
really think that's the fundamental
issue here to push a dr. resentful and
uninformed to push a doctrine like that
look it's unbelievably widespread so
I'll give you an example that's very
that's very similar our prime minister
Justin Trudeau announced in 2015 that
half the cabinet that he put together
would be women he's right the fact that
only approximately I think it was 20 to
25 percent of the elected officials were
female and so what he basically admitted
as far as I'm concerned art
was two things number one he was
incapable of judging people on their
competence because when you put together
something like the cabinet for a country
what you do is you find the most
competent people period because it's so
bizarre that it even has to be said
because it actually turns out that the
cabinet is important and so to me all he
did was default on his set his central
moral obligation to screen every single
one of his members of parliament with
exceeding care and to pick the most
qualified people and his rationale was
that it was 2015 you know so and we to
reduce competence to racial ethnic
gender identity something like that is
absolutely appalling move
philosophically as well as far as I'm
concerned to assume that diversity is
somehow represented by group membership
there's no evidence for that there's
absolutely no scientific evidence for
that whatsoever in fact the scientific
evidence suggests quite the contrary
which is that there's more variability
with
in groups than there is between groups
which is actually an antidote to the
central racist claim right because the
central racist claim is there's more
difference between groups than there is
difference within them and so you know
you seen one black person you've seen
them all and well well this is we
actually have in Sweden it's cold
I think the translation is gender
mainstreaming in English but it's
basically you have to include gender
scientific perspectives into all this is
happening within all Swedish
universities right now so you have to
include the this perspective of gender
gender scientific gender scientific
perspective in all parts of the
university so it's not just literature
lists and courses it's also the who you
gonna recruit the number of and we have
a goal in Sweden from the government
this is all the government's doing and
we have a goal that I think it's 40% of
all the professor's by 2020 should be
women right which means that if you're a
young man who's entering academia the
probability that you're gonna get a job
is zero yeah right and that yeah the
same things happening here so for
example this there are minister of
science who was one of the people let's
say selected because of Trudeau's
insistence upon gender equity in his
cabinet you know he could have picked a
number of women that was proportionate
to the number of women elected like even
that I wouldn't have agreed with because
I think he should have gone on straight
competence and and taken on the heavy
moral burden of trying to figure out
what competence meant but just but no it
had to be 50/50 because I guess that was
you know this is a very snide thing to
say but that seems to be at the level of
arithmetic intelligence that he could
manifest no it's and and one of his
ministers our minister of science has we
have this program called count the
Canada
research chairs and the Canada Research
Chair zwarst up so that Canadian
universities would have an additional
amount of money to hire the most
qualified people they possibly could for
senior named chair positions and the
idea was to attract international talent
like high-level now what has happened
because it wasn't very well designed
this program was that Canadian
universities mostly ended up poaching
from each other which was you know
relatively counterproductive because it
just elevated the salaries of the
professors which maybe they deserved
rather than bringing in a lot of
international talent but men were
radically over-represented in Canada
research chairs now the minister of
science is very annoyed about this and
thinks that that's a consequence of
systemic you know misogyny or some some
bloody thing failing to note entirely
see if you look at scientific
productivity it's very interesting
because an gender the median professor
male and female publish approximately
the same amount so the typical but the
the exceptional professors are almost
all men even though the typical male and
female can't really be distinguished in
academia if you take that tiny subset of
hyper productive professors they're
almost all male now why that is is my
suspicions arts that is pretty
straightforward I suspect that the
reason it is is because to be a hyper
productive in any given field means you
have to be absolutely single-minded and
obsessed about it as well as being very
intelligent conscientious so it's rare
right you have to be intelligent say
99th percentile
conscientious 95th percentile so that's
hardly anybody right there and then you
have to have the time available to do
nothing whatsoever but concentrate on
your work no family no friends nothing
like that if you're gonna be at the very
top of your profession because obviously
you'll get out competed otherwise now
that's a lot harder for women because
well for obvious reasons I mean win so
so the mirror
fact that most of these people were see
the other thing people don't understand
is that people can on average be very
similar so their distributions but if
you go way out onto the edges of the
distribution small differences in the
middle can make massive differences at
the edge and so and that's the kind of
phenomena you see where you are
selecting the highest qualified people
it's a it's an edge of the distribution
phenomena so here's an example this is
really cool one so if you look at the
overlap between male and female
aggression it's pretty high so if you
randomly select a man and a woman from
the general population and you bet that
the woman was the more aggressive of the
two you'd be right 40 percent of the
time which is actually pretty often so
but if you go way the hell out to where
let's say you only imprisoned the one in
100 most aggressive people they're all
men yeah even though on average you know
it's 60/40 you go out to the 99th
percentile it's all men which is why
almost all the people in prison are men
now so people well it's it's yeah what
you're describing in Sweden that's the
death of the universities it's another
it's another sign of like the
universities are killing themselves
they're hiring adjunct professors and
not faculty members like I think it's up
to 70 percent in some American
universities they have no salary no
power no autonomy no job security
nothing it's it's it's you know some of
these adjuncts teach four or five
courses a year and make $25,000 so it's
read about one who lived in her car yeah
okay so they've jacked up tuition
honorary materials yeah exactly
well that there you go you know if the
little Marxist or you hahahaha
they've jacked up tuition to the point
where it's unsustainable
they made it impossible for kids who
rack up tuition debt to declare
bankruptcy because they've taken that
out of the bankruptcy laws now you can
take away their driver's license if they
don't pay their their their tuition
their student loan bills so it's
basically indentured serve
dude right the administration has become
completely top-heavy the Academy is
completely infested by these terrible
equity ideas that you're laying out
I mean it's and and the people who are
in the radical leftist disciplines which
increasingly are spreading their
influence out through the entire
universities our tenured and won't be
moved for 25 years so as far as I can
tell it's it's done and I would would
like to ask you or you take about on
gender science and all these like ethnic
studies and because I was a sociology
student back in 2004 and I was 22 years
old and so a lot of these perspectives
we were taught post-modernism and queer
queer feminism and all all these things
and and it was I mean I was just
starting out as a student so I but I
must have been wired faulty because he
didn't I was very critical about it but
but all those perspectives was was back
then was fringe in Sweetman so like like
identity politics
everything that's now in the mainstream
was at the institution back then and the
professor's they were they are the same
I mean and they are now it's their their
PhDs and master students that are taking
over the the public discourse so even
though they lost a lot of debates back
then and they still do like public
debates they're still teaching students
year after year of the year might ask
you about that and like oh and also
about your fatigue of gender the
understudies in Swedish it's called
gender science because we turn all this
into science oh yeah so it's not even
studies it's science here that was a
good move on on on the ideologues parts
that's free-weight this mode so it's a
two-pronged question but
yeah well I think well I listed about
seven things I think that are killing
the universities I actually think that
like I've watched major institutions
collapse and be privy to the manner in
which that occurs like what happens is
that as the enterprise pathologize is
the good people leave the people who
have other things that they could do
they leave first those are the most
productive and and talented people as
soon as the most productive leave then
the bloody thing just spirals downhill
because what what's gonna happen you
you've you know because the rule is is
that within a certain discipline
whatever it happens to be the square
root of the number of people in the
discipline produce half the productive
work so if a university has let's say a
thousand professors thirty of them
produce half the publications right
which is staggering right it's
staggering
that's the kirino distribution or prices
law and so and those people are often
have more opportunities than they know
what to do with and so as soon as
whatever they're doing becomes unstable
it's like they go off and do other
things and then then the institution
loses its most productive people and
that's it it's done it can't recover
from that and so and the introduction of
these so-called science disciplines that
we call studies disciplines you know it
was a market lowering of standards it
involved a market lowering of academic
standards a blurring of what actually
constitute a discipline refusal
whatsoever to consider anything
methodological rigorous cuz anything
goes including author what do they call
that off no Auto ethnography which is
where you just write a diary essentially
about your own experiences that's got
this fancy name so Auto ethnography as
part of gender science you know it's
positively Orwellian and
it's and the other thing that's
interesting about that is that what's
happened is that the people who have
these radical viewpoints have been given
a permanent signing here right there
they're their state and tuition
sponsored activists who can spend every
single moment of their time on what I
would consider their Fifth Column agenda
so we're basically funding a cohort of
people whose stated purpose is to
demolish the patriarchy you know one of
the things Carl Jung said which I really
liked and haven't talked about that much
is that the unconscious representation
of men in the female psyche he called
the animus and the animus was always in
his estimation because of the dream
analysis he did and so forth that
although the unconscious representation
of a woman in a man's psyche was an
individual woman the unconscious
representation of the male psyche in the
female unconscious was men as a group
and there's a very large number of women
and and also some men whose conception
of maleness is has been damaged very
badly by their failure to establish any
positive relationship with any male
whatsoever in their developmental
history and then they project this
paranoid representation of what
constitutes hierarchical masculinity on
to the world and then fight to bring it
down and it's and the thing is they're
being successful that's the problem is
this is this is this is another what
when I was actually I know that you were
very popular with a lot of young men but
I was actually introduced to you by a
mother of two so professor in education
so he's really she's not dinner at home
so to speak ideologically or but one
thing that that's worrying me is the I
mean there are certain certain reports
of idea certain ideologies that take
religious overtones and you know and I
think that the feminism has some of
those characteristics I mean in
Christianity we're all born sinful and
we need to come to grips with our
sinfulness and in the end only God's
grace and forgiveness can redeem us and
in Lutheranism at least it's we don't
can we can't be forgiven by priests it's
only god yeah yeah it's a doctrine
there's no escape
Rob and I totally sympathize it with it
even though I I don't in a little ways
but I realized but but within feminism
the sin is situated within males instead
so not only with within males but within
males as a collective you know which is
even see the thing about the Christian
doctrine that you referred to is that it
makes each individual responsible for
their own darkness now the Catholics say
look that's unbearable and people need
to have the slate wiped clean now and
then and confession will do that and
there's an intermediary and you
considered that merciful and there's
some real power in that argument you
know that the cynical argument is well
you can just wipe the slate clean at any
time and you don't have to bear any
responsibility but I think that's
cynical the Protestants put themselves
in a much tougher position because
there's no escape and but the upside of
all of that is is that the darkness is
to be regarded as within not without and
yeah and as soon as you move away from
that then while you're you're the good
person and so is everyone that thinks
like you and all the evil is wherever
you want to put it and and then as soon
as the thing that's really dangerous
about that especially if evil is
conceptualized as contemptible and and
parasitic and and using disgust related
language for example instead of fear
related language then the logical
directive is to purify it and boy that's
that's not good and this is something
that I think is happening if I've read
