hi everyone happy new year I've got some
things to say to junior high and high
school students and their parents about
the politicization that is occurring in
the public school system and what should
be done about that I have some very
radical suggestions I would say which I
am NOT putting forth lightly I think
that it is time for public school
students and their parents to actively
rebel against the indoctrination that is
being offered in the guise of Education
but before such a recommendation can be
reasonably offered or considered by its
recipients some careful argumentation
and review of recent events is in order
so please bear with me while I walk
through that process it's important to
get these things right and not to rush
about a year ago actually on September
27th 2016 I made a series of videos one
of them criticized a new piece of
federal legislation bill c16 bill c16 is
and I'm reading this directly from the
government website an act to amend the
Canadian Human Rights Act and the
Criminal Code here's the summary this
enactment amends the Canadian Human
Rights Act to add gender identity and
gender expression to the list of
prohibited grounds of discrimination the
enactment also amends the Criminal Code
to extend the protection against hate
propaganda set out in that act to any
section of the public that is
distinguished by gender identity or
expression and to clearly set out that
evidence that an offense was motivated
by bias prejudice or hate based on
gender identity or expression
constitutes an aggravating circumstance
that a court must take into
consideration when it imposes a sentence
now you may notice on careful reading
that the Act modifies the Criminal Code
to clearly set out that evidence that an
offense was motivated by bias prejudice
or hate extends the purview of what
might cost
- hate to a degree that's I think
completely unacceptable but that's the
least of the problems with this bill you
can't really tell what the other
problems are though unless you go read
the policy guidelines that were
established by the Ontario Human Rights
Commission which already guide
interpretation of similar legislation in
Ontario and would be used by the federal
government's own admission to guide the
interpretation of bill c16 now when I
made the videos I said as much I said
that there were two fundamental dangers
to this bill one was that because the
Ontario Human Rights Commission is a
radical and dangerous organization bent
on producing the most punitive possible
policies in the pursuit of its radical
neo-marxist postmodern agenda that the
legislation would introduce the
possibility of persecution or let's say
prosecution for so-called offenses that
should never be considered within the
proper domain of legal prosecution now I
also objected to the manner in which the
relationship between biological sex
gender identity gender expression and
sexual orientation was written into the
Ontario Human Rights Commission's
policies and therefore essentially into
the law pointing out that the law now
demands that we consider those four
different phenomena as essentially
independent when they are in fact very
tightly causally linked and as well that
the claim that's being made both
implicit and explicit that those four
sets of phenomena differ within each
strata as a consequence of socialization
in fact is also wrong but also
undermines the primary arguments that
transsexual people and gay people use to
buttress the reality of the our identity
namely that they have a biological
proclivity that directs them towards
such identities expressions and
orientations I pointed all of those
things out and that we were in danger of
legislating compelled speech in
relationship to preferred pronouns which
are the pronouns that people who vary in
their gender identity hypothetically
want to use to be referred to I pointed
out that we were in danger of making
compelled speech something
acquired in Canada so that for the first
time in our history and in the history
of the British common law the government
would be able to legislate the content
of your speech which is quite different
than legislating what you can't say
which is already something that's very
dangerous there are a variety of
consequences of making this video which
we're much more dramatic than I presume
they might be although I did know that
bill c16 posed a genuine threat to the
integrity of our state
now the first consequence was that a
very large number of faculty members at
the University of Toronto decided that I
had made the campus an unsafe place by
my statements and petitioned the
university to do something about that
and then there were a number of
demonstrations and then the University
of Toronto sent me two letters telling
me that I was violating their policies
and probably the law in Ontario which
was something I had warned about by the
way because the law was written in such
a dismal manner and over-inclusive
matter to ensure that even criticizing
it could be prosecuted under its
guidelines let's say and then there was
a debate that the university held we're
defenders of Bill c16 insisted that I
was all the terrible things that I had
been called and that I was
misinterpreting the bill and that the
dangers that I foresaw as a consequence
of its implementation would never
manifest themselves rather than to
address himself to the scientific
evidence concerning gender identity and
expression and by adopting rhetorical
strategies more common to Breitbart news
comm than a university professors
lecture dr. Peterson goes on to
discredit the very constructs on
political grounds instead of on grounds
provided by scholarly evidence that
these constructs are in no particular
order leftist radical and politically
correct on the subject of pronouns and
gender expression dr. Peterson is
emphatic that quote I don't recognize
another person's right to determine what
pronouns I used to address them I won't
do it for the vast majority of people he
goes on to say gender identity and
sexual orientation and I guess
he means sex are the same thing and
quote as for the definition of
transgender dr. Peterson claims that and
I quote I don't believe that they these
people these terms stand for good things
I think that these people use these
terms as a pretense that they stand for
good things as a pretext for them to
continue their nefarious activities and
quote well this is hardly the stuff of
academic scholarship now I should say to
the university's credit by the way that
once they got on their feet after
sending me the original two letters they
seem to have come down quite strongly on
the side of free speech in the last year
and so that's something positive that's
come out of all of this but the truth of
the matter was that I am none of those
things
and that I had read the bill and its
surrounding policies extremely carefully
and what's worse I actually understood
them and that what I had done was merely
communicate my understanding and I would
say my proper and accurate understanding
of the bill to a public that was
actually quite willing to take the time
to investigate the issue and follow it
carefully the press initially was very
ambivalent towards me but as some of the
leading journalists in Canada including
Christie Blachford and antonella are too
so and eventually Conrad black and also
Margaret went too early listen to the
videos that I had made it and then
actually read the policies in question
they understood that the bill did in
fact pose a threat to free speech in the
manner that I had described and came out
very strongly on my side now I have some
sympathy for the fact that I was tarred
with a variety of epithets immediately
after having made the video because I
was warning that there was something not
good going on in Canada and whenever
anybody warns that you should be
skeptical of them because Canada has
been a very stable and well-functioning
state for a very long period of time so
when someone pops out of his rabbit hole
or comes out of his swamp let's say and
says there's something rotten in the
state of Denmark the proper response is
no there's probably something wrong
with you and then the next investigative
strategy is to say well here's a bunch
of things that are typically wrong with
people that have something wrong with
them
bigoted transphobic racist etc maybe
you're one of those things and so we'll
throw those at you and see if they stick
because if they stick then we don't have
to pay any attention to the problem and
maybe it will go away but the truth of
the matter is that I was and am none of
those things I was fortunate because
there was evidence that that was the
case I have videotaped virtually
everything I've said to students in the
entire 25 years of my university tenure
and so everything that I thought was a
matter of public record and I had posted
it on YouTube in the form of hundreds of
lectures not only is there nothing
scurrilous and self damning in those
videos it's quite the contrary people
have found the content extremely useful
from a psychological perspective and and
that's now up into the millions of
people and so it turns out that I'm not
the bad guy of the supporters of this
Bill's imagination now the other tactic
employed by the people who have been
unhappy about what I have been saying is
to assume that I'm an all right or even
a far-right figure which is an
accusation that has been leveled at me
many times in the last year and there's
also a reason for that the reason for
that is that the group of people to the
right of the radical left is a very
large group and it includes everyone
from socialists say of the classic 1970s
type all the way to the most far-right
Nazis imaginable who are all united in
their opposition to the radical left
agenda and thus form what you might
describe as a group by default now the
fact that some of the members of a group
by default are unsavory characters does
not demonstrate that all of the members
of that group are of that type now it's
very convenient for the radical left and
much more straightforward than actually
formulating arguments to assume that
everyone who doesn't think exactly what
they think is some sort of monstrous
figure but it happens to not be the case
there are many reasonable people in fact
vast majority of reasonable people who
are firmly opposed to the agenda of the
radical left and it's completely
unreasonable to lump them in with all
right far-right and Nazi type figures
part of the reason that the postmodern
neo-marxist find themselves compelled to
do so is because they believe that they
are correct and that they have right on
their side and if it turns out that
anyone reasonable is objecting then the
fact of that reasonable opposition would
make it necessary for some things to be
rethought and so it's much easier and I
would also say much more gratifying to
an inner sense of resentment and
vengefulness to merely tar everyone who
doesn't agree with the same brush and
the argument be damned this brings us to
the most fundamental reason why there
has been such vociferous opposition
generated in relationship to what I've
been saying and that's because I got the
interpretation of Bill c16 and its
surrounding policies and the pernicious
postmodern Neel Marxist doctrine that
gave rise to it essentially correct and
it's in the best interest of those who
are pushing this pernicious doctrine and
its legislative consequences to do
everything possible to discredit me so
that the facts of the matter remain
hidden from the general public and
perhaps even from those who have
formulated the doctrine themselves so I
read bill c16 and the surrounding
policies that would guide its
interpretation as formulated by the
Ontario Human Rights Commission and then
I informed the public to the best of my
ability about the content of that
legislation and policies and its intent
and we've outlined the consequences two
major questions remain is what I had to
say to be trusted and if I was correct
in my analysis and diagnosis what steps
should be taken now if any to rectify
the situation so let's begin with the
question of whether or not my
interpretation is to be trusted and
we'll start that with a brief overview
and then an analysis
of the recent events at Wilfrid Laurier
University as you may know or may not
know but should know at Wilfrid Laurier
University recently a teaching assistant
named Lindsey Shepherd found herself in
hot water because she had the temerity
to play a video clip from TVO's the
agenda in the class that she was charged
with conducting as a consequence of
playing the video clip she was brought
in front of a disciplinary panel
consisting of three individuals nathan
rambo khanna herbert Pimlott and adrià
joel rambo comma and Pimlott are
professors in the communications
department at Wilfrid Laurier University
and Adria joel is an administrator who
was hired as a consequence of
legislation introduced by Kathleen Wynne
to conduct exactly the sort of
disciplinary investigation that she sat
in on now
Lindsay Shepherd had the presence of
mind and the fear to tape the
disciplinary hearing and after the story
about what had happened was released
lindsay released the entire audiotape
and caused a national and international
scandal i would be interested to see the
original complaint or complaints because
like i don't really have any context
like as to what exactly their problem
was can I just ask you anything - yeah I
just like to hear the whole like your
what what took place so if you just give
us okay so um we we have to teach about
grammar and in the Pearson book there
was a section about pronouns and using
like gendered language so I wanted to
make it more engaging so what I did is
we were talking about in papers using
bei as as like a singular and then we
were also talking about like
his-and-hers and like how to construct
sentences with that and then to
contextualize it I brought up like a
a YouTube debate so debate with both
sides during Peterson sides and this
this fellow named Nicholas Matt who is
also a prophet UT and they do have the
name of the UM it was from the agenda
with Steve Paikin what's in a name
potentially a great deal University of
Toronto psychology professor Jordan
Peterson has a fight on his hands after
objecting to proposed legislation that
he says would violate his freedom of
speech by forcing him to address
transgendered people using the pronouns
of their choosing joining us now to
better understand the issue and debate
what's at stake in Vancouver British
Columbia Theron Meyer transgender pundit
and youtuber in the nation's capital
Kyle Kirkup professor of law at the
University of Ottawa and here in studio
the aforementioned Jordan Peterson
professor psychology university of
toronto nicholas mat lecturer
transgender studies at U of T and Mary
Rogan whose article entitled growing up
trends is featured in the October issue
of The Walrus magazine good to have you
three here and our two friends and
points beyond we appreciate everybody
being on the program for what is I think
one of the hottest topics in the country
today professor Peterson and it's all
because of you and I think before we go
any further with our conversation here I
want to give people a sense of how hot
this has got starting on the downtown
campus of the University of Toronto
[Applause]
well as you can see the opponents of
free speech are capable of making
annoyance inarticulate noise free speech
is the mechanism by which we keep our
society punched by doing this I'm going
to post this online that you would like
people to not to be to be more
accommodating of trans people in people
of color at your events in future I felt
very common here there have been
multiple multiple recorded instances of
trans people killing themselves because
it wasn't for this wall I ask you why do
you have the authority to determine
whether or not an individual is worthy
of you using their pronouns like if I
asked you would you please use they/them
pronouns for me what what it would
depend on what do you want to jump my
pronoun okay with indulgence of
everybody else on the program I'm gonna
start with Professor Peterson off the
top here for a while because as I
suggested you thought long and hard
about this you posted a few things up to
YouTube because you had been thinking
long and hard about it one and a half
million hits later Jordan one and a half
million hits later this has become a
huge issue so let's start there why did
you post those views to YouTube in the
first place well there's proximate and
distal reasons the proximate reasons was
because I received some correspondence
from from from clients of mine who had
been I would say persecuted in a variety
of ways by people who were politically
correct and they sent me some
documentation about Bill c16 and The
Associated policy statements on the
Ontario Human Rights Commission which I
read and was not very happy about and
also because the University of Toronto
decided to make anti racism and anti
bias training so-called
anti racism and anti bias training
mandatory which I regarded as an in a
per
incursion into the domain of political
opinion by the university administration
have you taken that training yet no and
I don't have to yet it's it's the HR
department personnel that have to take
it if they decide that you have to will
you no way not a chance
and what's the other referred to
persecution that friends or clients of
yours had experienced so yes yeah well
there are lots of places now where the
workplace has become I would say
excessively politicized and so people
who have viewpoints and this also
involves includes I would say fairly
radical leftist viewpoints people don't
feel comfortable at all in in in being
able to use the language of their choice
or to have even opinions about a variety
of different things essentially I guess
what I'm asking is to lay the case of
what now what is it you find offensive
about this legislation well
fundamentally there were two things that
really bothered me although there have
been other things I've thought about
since one was that I was being asked as
everyone is to use a certain set of
words that I think are the constructions
of people who have a political ideology
that I don't believe in him that I also
regard is as dangerous what are those
words those are the made-up words to
read that that people now describe as as
gender-neutral and so to me they're
they're they're they're an attempt to
control language and in a direction that
isn't happening organically it's not
happening naturally people aren't
picking up these words in the typical
way that new words are picked up but by
force and by Fiat and I would say by
force because there's legislative power
