[Music]
[Music]
brilliant minds even mediocre minds
operate better under stimulus Canadian
history is the Canadian and you can't
take away someone's and Barack Obama has
systematically rebuilt the trust of the
world in our willingness to work through
the Security Council and other three you
must not talk to anybody in the world
any of our allies whatever you want to
call this system a mafia state a feudal
empire it's a disaster for ordinary
Russians
[Music]
brilliant minds even with the ochre
minds
operate better under stimulus Canadian
is a Canadian Barack Obama has
systematically rebuilt the trust of the
world in our willingness to work through
the Security Council and other three you
must not talk to anybody in the world
any of our allies it whatever you want
to call this system a mafia state a
feudal empire it's a disaster for
ordinary Russians I think that's the
kind of hypocritical argument that if I
were Chinese that annoying but
historically Chinese foreign policy can
be described it's by Berrien management
science and religion are not
incompatible religion forces nice people
to do unkind things our men obsolete a
my conclusion to this question is no I
won't let you be you show me the oil
pretext I quoted them saying show me a
free program how you can keep screaming
out and it doesn't change the point we
do not want sympathy we do not want pity
we want opportunities it's an appalling
slander to me to the Muslim religion I
never said the word Muslim in my
fulminating it was a Muslim free form a
nation it is that that kind of restraint
it is that kind of sober-minded sensible
intelligent foreign policy that Obama
represents so I guess what I'm telling
you is he's sort of a closeted Canadian
vote for him for God's sake
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen welcome my name is
Roger Griffith since my privilege to
have the opportunity to moderate
tonight's debates and to act as your
organizer I want to start by welcoming
the North American wide television
audience tuning in right now across
canada on CPAC Canada's Public Affairs
Channel c-span across the continental
United States and on CBC radio ideas a
warm hello also to our online audience
watching this debate over 6,000 streams
active at this moment on Facebook live
in Bloomberg comm and Munk debates calm
it's great to have you as virtual
participants in tonight's proceedings
and hello to you the over 3,000 people
who filled Roy Thompson Hall for yet
another monk debate thank you for your
support for more and better debate on
the big issues of the day this debate
marks the start of our tenth season and
we begin this season missing someone who
was vital to this debate series in every
aspect it was his passion for ideas his
love for debate that inspired our
creation in 2008 and it was his energy
his generosity and his drive that was so
important in allowing us to really win
international acclaim as one of the
world's great debating series his
philanthropy its legacy wow it's
incredible last fall we all remember
that hundred million dollar donation to
cardiac health here in Toronto
transforming the lives of tens of
thousands of millions of Canadians to
come
we are all big fans and supporters of a
terrific school for global affairs on
the UFT campus represented here tonight
by many students who are in its master's
program congratulations to you and also
a generous endowment last spring to this
series that will allow us to organize
many evenings like this for many more
years to come
now knowing our benefactor as we do the
last thing he'd want is for us to mark
his absence with a moment of silence
that wasn't his style so let's instead
celebrate a great Canadian a great life
and a great legacy of the late Peter
Munk Bravo Peter
where to go Peter
I I know he would have enjoyed that and
I want to just thank Melanie
Anthony Cheney for being here tonight to
be part of Peters continuing positive
impact on public debate in Canada thank
you guys for being here tonight
now knowing Peter as I did the first
thing on his mind at this point in the
debate would be right here stop talking
get this debate underway get our
debaters out here come on got to show on
the road so we're gonna do that right
now because we have a terrific debate
lined up for you this evening so let's
introduce first our pro team arguing for
tonight's motion be it resolved what you
call political correctness I call
progress please welcome to the stage
he's an award-winning writer scholar
broadcaster on NPR and sports networks
across America Michael Eric Dyson
Michael come on out
Michael's debating partner is also
award-winning author she's calmest at
the New York Times and someone who is
going to bring a very distinct and
powerful perspective tonight
Michelle Goldberg Michelle come on out
[Music]
so one great team of debaters deserves
another and arguing against our
resolution be it resolved what you call
political correctness I call progress is
the Emmy award-winning actor
screenwriter author playwright
journalist poet and tonight's debater
Stephen Fry
Thank You City
Stephens teammates is a professor of
psychology at the University of Toronto
a youtube sensation and the author of
the big new international bestseller 12
rules for life ladies and gentlemen
Toronto's Jordan Peterson
okay we're gonna get our debate underway
momentarily but first a quick checklist
to go through we've got a hashtag
tonight hash at monk debate those of you
in the hall and those of you watching
online please weigh in let's get your
opinions going also for those of you
watching online right now we have an
running poll
ww monk debates comm Ford / votes
reflect input react to this debate as it
unfolds over the next hour and a half
my favorite part aspect of this show
that was Peter's brilliance and creation
we have our countdown clock what this
does is it keeps our debaters on their
toes and our debate on time so when you
see these clocks on the screen go down
to zero
I wanted you to join me in a warm round
of applause and we'll have a debate that
ends when it's supposed to end now let's
see we had our resolution tonight on the
way in we had this audience of roughly
3,000 people here in downtown Toronto
vote on be it resolved what you call
political correctness I call progress
let's see the agree disagree on that
number
36% agree 64% disagree so a room in play
now we asked you how many of you were
open to changing your vote over the
course of debate are you fixed agree
disagree or could you potentially be
convinced by one or other of these two
teams to move your vote over the next
hour and a half let's see those numbers
now Wow
okay a pretty open-minded crowd this
debate is very much in play and as per
the agreed-upon order of speakers I'm
going to call on Michelle Goldberg first
Michelle would you like I said but water
you can have a sip of water before you
start calling Michelle Goldberg first
for her six minutes of opening remarks
Michelle okay thank you for having me as
record knows I initially balked a little
bit at the resolution that we're
debating because there are a lot of
things that fall under the rubric of
political correctness that I don't call
progress
I don't like nope
forming or Twitter or trigger warnings
you know like a lot of middle-aged
liberals there are many aspects of
student social justice culture that I
find off-putting although I'm not sure
that that particular generation gap is
anything is anything new on the record
about the toxicity of social media
call-out culture and I think it's good
to debate people whose ideas I don't
like which is why I'm here so if there
are social justice warriors in the
audience I feel like I should apologize
to you because I'm probably not you're
probably gonna feel like I'm not
adequately defending your ideas but the
reason I'm on this side of the stage is
that political correctness isn't just a
term for left-wing excesses on college
campuses or people being terrible on
Twitter especially is deployed by mr.
Peterson I think it can be a way to
delay jitter mize any attempt for women
and racial and sexual minorities to
overcome discrimination or even to argue
that such discrimination is real in the
New York Times today mr. Peterson says
quote the people who hold that all that
our culture is an oppressive patriarchy
they don't want to admit that the
current hierarchy might be predicated on
competence that sounds particularly
insane to me because I'm an American and
our president is Donald Trump but
but it's an assumption that I think
underlies a worldview in which any
challenges to the current hierarchy are
written off as political correctness I
also think we should be clear that this
isn't really a debate about free speech
mr. Peterson once referred to what he
called quote the evil Trinity of equity
diversity and inclusivity and said those
three words if you hear people mouth
those three words equity diversity and
inclusivity you know who you're dealing
with and you should step away from that
because it is not acceptable he argues
that the movie frozen is politically
correct propaganda and at one point he
floated the idea of creating a database
of university course content so students
could avoid postmodern critical theory
so in the criticism of political
correctness I sometimes hear an urge or
an attempt to purge our thought of
certain analytical categories that
mirrors I think the worst caricatures of
the social justice left that want to get
rid of anything that smacks of
colonialism or patriarchy or white
supremacy I also don't really think
we're debating the value of the
Enlightenment at least not in the way
that somebody like mr. Frey who I think
is a champion of enlightenment values
brings it the efforts to expand rights
and privileges once granted just to land
owning white heterosexual men is the
Enlightenment or is very much in keeping
with the Enlightenment to quote a dead
white man John Stuart Mill the despotism
of custom is everywhere the standing
hindrance to human advancement I think
that some of our opponents by contrast
frame challenges to the despotism of
customs as politically correct attacks
on a transcendent natural order to quote
mr. Peterson again each gender each sex
has its own unfairness to deal with but
to think of it as a consequence of the
social of the social structure it's like
come on really what about nature itself
but there's an exception to this because
he does believe in social interventions
to remedy some kinds of unfairness which
is why in the new york times it calls
for quote enforced monogamy to remedy
the woes of men who don't get
their equal distribution of sex when it
comes to the political correctness
debate we've been exactly here before
the Alan bloom the author of the closing
of the American mind compared the
tyranny of feminism in academia to the
Khmer Rouge and he was writing at a time
when women accounted for 10 percent of
all college tenured faculty it's worth
looking back at what was considered
annoyingly outrageously politically
correct in the 1980s last time we had
this debate you know having to call or
not being able to call indigenous people
quote Indians or having to use
hyphenated terms at least in the United
States have terms like African Americans
you know adding women or people of color
to the Western Civ curriculum not making
gay jokes or using [ __ ] as an epithet
and I kind of get it right new concepts
new words sort of stick in your throat
the way we're used to talking and
thinking seem natural and normal you
know by definition and then the new
terms and new concepts that have social
utility stick and those that don't fall
away so if you go back to the 1970s myth
you know ms as an alternative to miss or
mrs. stuck around and women with a Y
didn't and I think that someday or I
hope that someday we'll look back and
marvel at the idea that gender-neutral
pronouns ever seemed like an existential
threat to anyone but I also don't think
it's clear that you know that might not
happen because if you look around the
world right now there are plenty of
places that have indeed dialed back
cosmopolitanism and reinstated
patriarchy and the name of staving off
chaos and they have seemed like terrible
places to live you know I come to you
from the United States which is
currently undergoing a monumental
attempt to rollback social progress in
the name of overcoming political
correctness and as someone who lives
there I assure you it feels nothing like
progress thank you
great start to the debate Michelle thank
you I'm now going to ask Jordan Peterson
to speak for the con team hello
so we should first decide what we're
talking about we're not talking about my
views of political correctness despite
what you might have inferred from the
last speakers comments this is how it
looks to me we essentially need
something approximating a low resolution
grand narrative to unite us and and we
need a narrative to unite us because
otherwise we don't have peace what's
playing out in the Universities and in
broader society right now is a debate
between two fundamental low resolution
narratives neither of which can be
completely accurate because they can't
encompass all the details obviously
human beings have an individual element
and a collective element a group element
let's say the question is what story
should be paramount and this is how it
looks to me in the West we have
reasonably functional reasonably free
remarkably productive stable hierarchies
that are open to consideration of the
dispossessed that hierarchies generally
create our societies are freer and
functioning more effectively than any
societies anywhere else in the world and
that and then any societies ever have
and as far as I'm concerned and I think
there's good reason to assume this it's
because the fundamental low resolution
grand narrative that we've oriented
ourselves around in the West is one of
the sovereignty of the individual and
it's predicated on the idea that all
things considered the best way for me to
interact with someone else is individual
to individual and to react to that
person as if they're both part of the
process because that's the right way of
thinking about it the psychological
process by which things we don't
understand can yet be explored and by
things that aren't properly organized in
our society can be yet set right the
reason we're valuable as individuals
both with regards to our rights and
responsibilities is because that's our
essential purpose and that's our
nobility and that's our function what's
happening as far as I'm concerned in the
universities in particular and spreading
very rapidly out into the broader world
including the corporate world much to
its
to what should be its chagrin is a
collectivist narrative and of course
there's some utility in a collectivist
narrative because we're all part of
groups in different ways but the
collectivist narrative that I regard as
politically correct is a pastiche of a
strange pastiche of post-modernism in
neo Marxism and it's fundamental claim
is that no you're not essentially an
individual you're essentially a member
of a group and that group might be your
ethnicity and it might be your sex and
it might be a race and it might be any
of the endless numbers of other
potential groups that you belong to
because you belong to many of them and
that you should be essentially
categorized along with those who are
like you on that dimension in that group
that's proposition number one
proposition number two is that the
proper way to view the world is as a
battleground between groups of different
power so you define the group's first
and then you assume that you you you
view the individual from the group
context you view the battle between
groups from the group context and you
view history itself as a consequence of
nothing but the power maneuvers between
different groups that eliminates any
consideration of the individual and at a
very fundamental level and also any idea
for example of free speech because if
you're collectivist at heart in this
manner there is no such thing as free
speech it isn't that it's debated by
those on the radical left and let's say
the rest of us so to speak it's that in
that formulation there's no such thing
as free speech because for an
individualist free speech is how you
make sense of the world in reorganize
Society in a proper manner but for the
radical left type collectivist that's
associated with this viewpoint of
political correctness when you speak all
you're doing is playing a power game on
behalf of your group and there's nothing
else that you can do because that's all
there is and not only is that all there
is in terms of who you are as an
individual now and how society should be
viewed it's also the fundamental
narrative of history for example it's
it's widely assumed in our universities
now that the best way to conceptualize
Western civilization is as an oppressive
male-dominated patriarchy and that the
best way to construe relationships
between men and women across the
centuries is one of oppression of women
by men
that's like well look no hierarchy is
without its tyranny that's a that's an
axiomatic truth people have recognized
that literally for thousands of years
and hierarchies do tend towards tyranny
and they tend towards the usurpation by
people with power but that only happens
when they become corrupt we have
mechanisms in our society to stop
hierarchies from becoming intolerably
corrupt and they actually work pretty
well and so and so I would also I would
also I would also point this out you
know don't be thinking that this is a
debate about whether empathy is useful
or not or that the people on the con
side of the argument are not empathetic
I know perfectly well as I'm sure mr.
Frey does that hierarchies tend to
produce situations where people stack up
at the bottom and that the dispossessed
in hierarchies need a political voice
which is the proper voice of the left by
the way the necessary voice of the left
but that is not the same as proclaiming
that the right level of analysis for our
grand unifying narrative is that all of
us are fundamentally to be identified by
the groups that we belong to and to
construe the entire world as the
battleground between different forms of
tyranny in consequence of that group
affiliation and to the degree that we
play out that narrative that won't be
