[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
well dr. jordan pearson welcome to
Sydney on your Australian tour you're
talking to packed out houses and the
interest is extraordinary
and we've had the opportunity to talk
personally and I can understand why I
want to begin with something that
Churchill wrote in the 1930s and he said
this one of the signs of a Great Society
is the diligence with which it passes
culture from one generation to the next
when one generation no longer passes on
the things that are dear to it it's
heroes and their stories in its
religious faith it's in effect saying
that past is null and void it's of no
value
he goes on to say that leaves young
people feeling a lack of direction and a
lack of purpose and opens them to the
dictum of Karl Marx that our people
derived of their history are easily
persuaded have we stripped our young
people of purpose and we knee and left
them open to being bullied around well
there's two things about that that I
think are really worth worth laying out
the first is an analysis of the purpose
of memory now because people think that
the purpose of memory is to remember the
past and that's not the purpose of
memory the purpose of memory is to
extract out from the past lessons to
structure the future and now that's the
purpose of personal memory and so you're
done with a memory when you've extracted
out the information that you can use to
guide yourself properly in the future so
if you have a traumatic memory for
example that's really obsessing you if
you analyze that memory to the point
where you figured out how you put
yourself at risk and you can determine
how you might avoid that in the future
then the emotion associated with that
goes away so memory is a has a very
pragmatic function and cultural memory
is the same thing is that we need to
extract out stories from our past that
structure our future and we need that
because first of all if you don't have a
purpose let's say it isn't that your
life becomes neutral
in a meaningless sense it's that your
life becomes characterized by unbearable
suffering because the baseline condition
of life is something like unbearable
suffering and what you have to set
against that is a noble and worthwhile
purpose and hopefully hopefully your
determination of that purpose is
buttress to some degree by the wisdom of
the past because you can't conjure
something like that up on your own and
if you provide people with nobility of
purpose then they can tolerate the
suffering of existence without becoming
entirely corrupted by it and cultures
that don't do that
it isn't even so much that they die it's
that cultures that don't do that are
dead they're done they don't have a
story anymore and they don't have a call
to adventure and then well then everyone
suffers stupidly as a consequence it's a
very bad thing
so Churchill made the same observation
that many of the great psychologists and
philosophers made in the early part of
the 20th century it's like bring the
story forward and and propagate it and
make it the most noble possible story
and then you motivate people to do to
transcend themselves which they need to
do so yes he's exactly right in his
diagnosis just to stay with him for a
moment he's painted as the great
defender of freedom it's possible that
your country Canada and certainly my
country Australia would have not
continued as free societies had it not
been for that man courageously standing
at a time when so few did he wasn't the
inventor of freedom freedom as we
understand it and I want to unpack that
a bit something very very few people in
very few cultures down through the ages
and even today have ever really
experienced yes and partly because we're
afraid of it I would say I mean people
think of freedom as the ability to
implement your whim and freedom opens up
that as a possibility but sustainable
freedom that isn't what it's about at
all
it's about it's primarily about
responsibility it's about determining
which load you're going to pick up and
carry that's the proper definition of
appropriate freedom it's not grout
Dillman gratification of instantaneous
impulse it's self-evident that
doesn't work two-year-olds do that and
that's why they can't live in the world
they can't organize themselves across
time they can't sacrifice the moment for
the future and the more sophisticated
you get I suppose in some sense the more
you're able to do that and then your
freedom becomes the freedom to choose
the proper responsibilities and that's
not that's also not something that we've
been good at communicating to young
people if we talk to them about
responsibility we did generally do it in
a finger-wagging sort of way it's like
well you're breaking the rules you're a
bad person and and and well that may be
true because people break the rules and
there's no shortage of badness in people
but the the proper message for young
people is to say well no you don't
understand you you want to take on
responsibility you want to take on the
heaviest load that you can conceive of
that you might be able to move because
it gives your life nobility and purpose
and that offsets the tragedy and and not
only psychologically not only does it
all set it psychologically because you
have a purpose and and and something to
wake up for right and to face the
difficulties of the day but also because
if you face the difficulties of the day
properly you actually ameliorate
suffering not only in the psychological
sense but because you make the world at
least a less terrible place and that's
something right to move things away from
hell is something even if you're not you
know self-evidently moving forthrightly
to heaven to move things away from the
worst they can be is well that's a noble
goal in and of itself so and young
people are starving for that idea it's
very interesting to watch as I look at
it it seems to me that that Acton had it
right freedom properly understood this
needs to be seen as a negative and as a
positive the negatives is is a sort of
concept of freedom from right fear
addiction persecution Taron are tyranny
in a personal sense and then freedom to
be used to reach your potential but it
seems to me that what's missing is an
understanding that freedom exercised
within a framework of responsibility are
you doing what you ought will guarantee
ongoing freedom for yourself and for
your neighbors freedom exercised in a
way that confuses it with license
tends to destroy freedom in fact you
could even go so far as to say that
misunderstood freedom turns out to be
its own worst enemy well that's that's
the that's the difficult distinction
between freedom of the moment and
freedom of the freedom with everything
taken into account and I'm a real
admirer of the work of Jean Piaget and
Piaget is a developmental psychologist
and few people know the world's most
well known developmental psychologist
and few people know that he was actually
motivated in his intellectual pursuits
by the desire to reconcile science with
religion that was what his driving force
from the time that he was a young man he
wouldn't know that even necessarily by
reading his writings because it's
implicit rather than explicit in them
but he he he has a different model of
what constitutes morality than than
Freud Freud's model is combative it's
sort of the super-ego as tyrant so the
super-ego would be the strictures of
society the it'd the biological impulses
and the eagle crushed between those
right so the ego is this thing that's
crushed between nature and culture and
so it's a really it's a tense and combat
of model of the human psyche and there's
something about it that's that's that's
accurate because some of the
restrictions that are put on your
impulse gratification are imposed on you
in in a sense tyrannically but Piaget
his perspective was much more optimistic
and I think much more accurate he
noticed that as children organized
themselves spontaneously as they
developed especially within the confines
of their own spontaneous play they
didn't so much subsume lurk or inhibit
their dark and aggressive impulses as
make them sophisticated and transform
them into universally acceptable games
so for Piaget a game that a group of
children were playing that all of them
were playing voluntarily and that was
going well and that they all wanted to
continue playing was a microcosm of
society and and literally a microcosm of
society
the reason the children were playing
those games was to practice being
productive members of society and he
felt that the appropriate game tended
towards what he described as an
equilibrate
date so an equilibrate estate would be a
game that you'll play because you've
decided it's a good game but that you
can play with others because they've
also decided that it's a good game and
so that can work at the individual level
and at the familial level and at the
social level and if you get all those
things working simultaneously then you
have a sustainable enterprise and it's
it's predicated not so much on the on
the inhibition of impulse or on the
regulation of it but of the integration
of impulses into a into a pattern of
being that gratifies them on a
relatively permanent basis so you know
if you want to go to university and
become a physician I think there's a lot
of sacrifice of impulsive gratification
that goes along with that but if you
become a physician then it's a noble
enterprise people support you socially
and all the needs that you need to have
fulfilled will also be fulfilled by that
enterprise well that's a way better
model and so it's strange that the
maximum freedom comes with the adoption
of a discipline and then also the
adoption of responsibility that frees
you up and everyone else around you in
the long run and if you explain that to
people especially in this day and age
when they be fed a never-ending diet of
idiot rights and freedoms they're
immediately on board with it because
they know I know that most of the
meaning that people experience in their
life is a consequence of adopting
responsibility so they're starving for
that idea to be articulated opens up a
whole can of very very interesting
issues let's try and pick a couple of
but the first but if I do it's evident
to me and I'm an enormous encouraged by
this because you know I'm a passionate
Australian I want this country to be the
sort of place that offers opportunities
of the sort that I had when I was young
you know I've had my opportunities but I
look at my kids generation what's going
to be there for them if we keep feeding
the sort of thin gruel in reality the
people turning out in vast numbers every
one of your talks in Australia's been
over subscribed massively it tells you
they kind of get those more to this I
think they're being told oh yeah they
know well it's one of the things that's
so interesting about dealing with
archetypal themes you know archetypal
themes are archetypal because
actually speak of the structure of human
experience that's why they last and so
it's human nature and human experience
has a pattern you don't have the
capacity to articulate that pattern as
an individual in part because your life
is too short you just can't figure it
out but the the ancient representations
of those patterns are everywhere around
you and you you know some of them in
image you you caught on to them
automatically you you you fall into them
if you go to a movie for example because
movies always express archetypal themes
if you hear them articulated you think I
knew that I knew that I just don't know
how to say it that's that's the Platonic
idea of of learning is remembering your
soul already knows but it doesn't have
the words yeah and so when people talk
to me about watching my lectures let's
say they say they basically say one of
two things if it if it's not just a
simple thank you
they say one of two things a third of
them say quarter for them say when I
listen to you talk it's as if you're
telling me things that I already know
it's like yeah well that's exactly right
because that's what archetypal stories
are they're the description of what you
already know but that can be articulated
and then who you are and how you see
yourself and the way you describe
yourself or all become the same thing so
that's wonderful then you're not at odds
with yourself you know and then you have
then you're a functioning unity and that
makes you much stronger and more
indomitable than you would otherwise be
and then the other thing that people say
and this is more like 3/4 of them is
that they say I was in a very dark place
I was addicted I was I was drinking too
much I had a fragmented relationship
with my fiancee and I wasn't getting
married things weren't going where very
well with my family my relationship with
my father was damaged I didn't have any
aim I was wasting my time some variant
of that some combination of those and
they said well hmm I've been watching
your lectures I've decided to establish
a purpose I'm trying to tell the truth
and things are way better and I've and
so let's say I've done maybe eight or
nine large-scale public talks in the
last two months so that's probably
20,000 people and about half of them
half of them estate afterwards to talk
to me so that's about 7,000 people who
have said that to me and then people
stopped me on the street all the time
and tell me exactly that story which is
just wonderful like you can't imagine
how good it is to be able to go to
places you've never been and to have
people stop you on the streets
spontaneously and say look my life is
way better than it was it's like it's so
good and so and I've got like I don't
know 35,000 letters from people since
last August it's more than that I can't
keep track of them and it's exactly the
same thing like 3/4 the quarter of them
say well you've given me the words to
say what I already knew was true and
thank you for that I can see that in the
audience it's so interesting because I
can lay out a story people go like this
and say they're doing that all the time
it's like the lights are going on and
that's a really while there's almost
nothing better than that to watch lights
go on when you're talking to people it's
like that's just absolutely fantastic
but to get this response from people my
father I have my father's about 80 he's
83 I think 81 he's 81 and I put him in
charge of going through my viewer email
which is an overwhelming job but no he
we've had discussions about this
constantly he's overwhelmed by the fact
that so many people are writing and
saying the same thing it's like I have a
purpose man my life actually matters I
finally realized that and I'm putting it
into practice and I'm bearing up under
the heaviest load I can imagine and it's
really helping it's like God and that's
tens of thousands of responses now so
it's it's you couldn't hope for anything
better than that there's zero harm in it
right it's just people putting their
lives together they're not mucking about
with other people and I'm trying to make
broad-scale social transformations about
which they have no idea they're trying
to make their immediate environment
better and it's working it's like great
well great you say there's zero ha
minute I'd say as a form of legislature
that there's an enormous amount of good
enough huh a country is only there's
some type of the people that make it up
to the extent that they're put together
a resilient AV contribute don't have to
ask others to help them
the stronger the nation oh this is so
yes and rapidly like I I mean I think I
was thinking the other day some
journalist asked me why the audience why
people are responding so positively to
what I'm saying the young men for
example and I thought yeah that's a good
question says well I'm actually on their
side I'm pretty happy that I'm really
happy that they're not wasting their
lives I'm really sad to see that people
are disenchanted and nihilistic and
depressed and anxious and aimless and
and perverse and vengeful and and all of
those things it's terrible and then to
see people question whether that's
necessary and then to start to rise out
of it it's like it's so fun like last
night I was at after my talk it's
overwhelming
I don't usually think about these things
but I was I was after my talk last night
and so all these people line up and you
know they have their 15 15 seconds with
me and they're kind of tentative they're
excited and a tentative when they come
up to talk to me and then they have you
know 15 seconds of time to tell me
something I'm really listening to them
and they're hesitant about whether or
not to share the good news about their
life you know and I think it's often
because when people share good news
about their life people don't
necessarily respond positively you know
they don't get encouragement and people
need so little encouragement it's just
unbelievable and so there comes
something good and I'm like ah that's so
good you know somebody says well I'm
getting along way better with my father
I haven't seen him for 10 years and now
we get along great and then the power of
that you can't overstate the power of
that for individuals to get their life
together the individual is an
unbelievably powerful force and every
single person who gets their act
together a little bit has the capacity
to spread that around them it's it's a
chain reaction and so it's a lovely
thing to see and that's fantastic my
observation of atheists would be they
don't live like atheists they don't live
as though they really believe they're
just a cosmic accident and there's no
purpose well you are most of them the
best of them I have a lot of respect for
the atheists generally because
they've generally thought a lot more
about this situation and and struggled
with it more than the complacent
fundamentalists you know who wallpaper
over their doubts with with with over
statements about their belief the
atheists you know the word Isaac means
or Israel the word Israel means he who
struggles with God it's like well it's
not obvious that it's not the atheists
you know they're struggling away it's
like they're obsessed with it even and
so they have God more on their mind than
the typical person who's a believer and
so it it's interesting too because
there's been this little community
developed around my biblical lectures in
particular of people who call themselves
Christian atheists which I think it's
quite remarkable so if I lay out the
rationale for the Christian ethic which
is something like pick up your damn
cross and struggle uphill which is a
really good message they think oh yeah
well that makes a lot of sense it's like
well I don't need the metaphysical
baggage it's like well maybe you do and
maybe you don't but even to pick up the
the practical utility of that idea which
