[Music]
[Music]
thank you all for coming I'm going to
begin by introducing Jordan Peterson and
then I will talk a little bit about how
this event is going to work and then
we'll get underway so Jordan Peterson
has been called quote one of the most
important thinkers to emerge on the
world stage for many years by The
Spectator he has been a dishwasher gas
jockey bartender short-order cook
beekeeper oil derrick bit rita / plywood
mill laborer and railway line worker
he's taught mythology to lawyers doctors
and businessmen consulted for the UN
Secretary General's high-level panel on
sustainable development helped his
clinical clients manage depression
obsessive compulsive disorder anxiety
and schizophrenia served as an advisor
to senior partners of major law firms
identified thousands of promising
entrepreneurs on six different
continents and lectured extensively in
North America and Europe he has flown a
hammerhead role in a carbon-fiber stunt
plane piloted a mahogany racing sailboat
around Alcatraz Island explored an
arizona meteorite crater with a group of
astronauts built a Native American
longhouse on the upper floor of his
Toronto home and been inducted into the
coastal Pacific quoc waka waka tribe
Malcolm Gladwell discussed psychology
with him while researching his books
Norman Doidge is a good friend and
collaborator thriller writer Greg
Hurwitz employed several of his quote
valuable things as a plot feature in his
number 1 international bestseller orphan
x and he worked with jim balsillie
former RI m CEO on a project for the UN
secretary-general with the students and
colleagues dr. peterson has published
more than a hundred scientific papers
transforming the modern understanding of
personality and revolutionized the
psychology of religion with his now
classic book maps of meaning the
architecture of belief as a Harvard
professor he was nominated for the
prestigious Levinson teaching Prize and
is regarded by his current University of
Toronto students as one of three truly
life-changing teachers dr. Peterson is a
Cora most viewed writer and values and
principles and Perrin
in education he has innumerable Twitter
followers and Facebook followers his
YouTube channel now has about a million
subscribers and his classroom lectures
on mythology were turned into a popular
13 part TV series on TV Ontario dr.
Peterson's online self-help program the
self authoring suite has been featured
and oh the Oprah Magazine
on CBC Radio and on NPR's national
website it has helped over 150,000
people resolve the problems of their
past and radically improved their future
without further ado please join me in
welcoming dr. Jordan Peterson tilapia
so the way this is going to work is that
I'm going to have a conversation with
dr. Peterson for 90 minutes and then
there is going to be a 90 minute Q&A
this event is being video recorded and
will be published online for
non-commercial non advertising purposes
during the Q&A session when you were
handed a microphone please speak
directly into it our viewers on YouTube
will appreciate it
and finally I am a moderator between
professor Peterson and the audience but
also a biased participant in this
conversation okay well it's a relief
that's all over okay so I thought we
would start things off with this I
assume that many in the audience are
curious but relatively unfamiliar with
you or have heard a lot about you
without ever reading or listening to you
so I thought we might start with you
introducing yourself to the audience and
maybe telling them some of the main
things that you think they might be
interested in knowing about you well I
guess the most relevant detail is that I
spent about 15 years writing this and I
worked on it about three hours a day
every day during that period of time and
at at the same time I was finishing off
my doctorate and I started lecturing at
Harvard but I was doing that continually
and thinking about it continually and
reading the material that I needed to
read in order to write the book
continually as well and I didn't realize
until more recently that what I was
doing was at the heart of the postmodern
conundrum I would say I was very much
obsessed by the events of the Cold War
for reasons I don't exactly understand I
had a lot of dreams about nuclear
annihilation for years on end
I mean it wasn't that uncommon to be
obsessed by that when I grew up I mean
because it was a preoccupation of
everyone who was my age I suppose there
there were lots of years probably
between 1962 I would say probably in
1985 where people were pretty convinced
that the probability of a nuclear war
was high much higher now than people
considered now and I was curious about
this I was curious about why everyone
wasn't obsessed about this all the time
first of all because it seemed like the
fundamental issue that two armed camps
were pointing something in excess of
25,000 hydrogen bombs each at each other
I couldn't understand how anybody could
concentrate on anything other than that
since it seems so utterly insane and I
was curious what was going on exactly
was this one leaked the explanation was
that there's a very large number of ways
that human beings could organize
themselves in society like a large
number of games that we could
hypothetically play and they're all
equally arbitrary in an in an equally
arbitrary universe and that the
Communists had decided to play one kind
of game and the West and the Western
free-market Democratic types have had
decided to play another game and it was
all arbitrary in some sense and so
that's what I was trying to figure out
was what the hell was going on with this
conflict and was it merely a battle
between two hypothetically equally valid
interpretations of the world drawn from
a set of extraordinary large potential
interpretations which I think would be
essentially a postmodernist take on it
and I think I went into the problem
neutrally in that I didn't think I knew
what the answer was you know so so lots
of times when you talk to people who
think or wouldn't you talk to people who
write they have an idea and it's right
and then they write whatever they're
writing to justify the idea that's how
they look at it but it's not a good way
to write a good way to write and think
is to have a problem
and then try to solve it right to
actually solve it not to demonstrate
that you're a priori commitment is true
and you know one of the signs I would
say that my a priori commitments weren't
the purpose for the writing was that I
walked away from that 15-year project
with a view of the world that was
completely different than the view that
I had going in and learned all sorts of
things especially about the role of
narrative and and religious thinking in
life that I had no idea was possible
when I started and a lot of that was a
consequence of reading the great people
who I read deeply you know I read well
all the great works of Friedrich
Nietzsche and the great works of
Dostoevsky and Tolstoy and most of us
collected works everything that had been
published up to that point and a very
large swath of the relevant clinical
literature the great clinicians of the
20th century and a huge stack of
neuroscience and etc etc because I was
reading constantly during this time and
I realized some things that I think are
true the Communists were wrong they
weren't and not just a little bit wrong
and not wrong in some arbitrary way they
were playing a game that human beings
cannot play without descending into a
murderous catastrophe and there's
something about what we've done in the
West that's correct
and I it's hearts complicated because
our our cognitive structures that's one
way of thinking about it or our
socio-political arrangements they're
actually they actually parallel one
another in an important way aren't are
grounded in a you know strange set of
axioms and the axioms aren't rational
precisely it's more like their narrative
their narrative axioms their stories and
the story of the West is that the
individual is sovereign over the group
and that that's the solution to
tribalism and I think that's the correct
solution now what that means
metaphysically because it's it's also
embedded in our religious doctrines
right because
especially in Christianity although not
exclusively to Christianity the
individual is sovereign the suffering
individual is sovereign and there's
something about that that's true at
least psychologically and I don't know
what that might mean metaphysically
because who the hell knows what anything
means metaphysically right I mean your
your knowledge runs out at some point
anyways I worked all these ideas out and
then I taught for a long time courses
that were based on the ideas and the
courses were very impactful I would say
they had the same impact on the people
that I was teaching as walking through
the material had on me and well it was
out of that that all of this political
controversy arose I mean I was never
focused on political controversy even
though I'm interested in politics and I
thought it many points in my life about
a political career I always put it aside
for a psychological and philosophical
career I would say and but but things
started to shift badly in Canada over
the last five years and our government
dared to implement legislation that
compelled speech and one of the things
that I had learned when I was doing all
this background investigation was that
there isn't a higher value than free
speech it isn't free speech it's not the
right way of thinking about it because
it's free thought and even that's not
the right way of thinking about it
because thought is the precursor to
action and life so there's no difference
between free speech and free life and I
was just not willing to put up with
restrictions on my free life and so I
made some videos pointing out the
pathology of this doctrine and the fact
that the government had radically
overreached its its appropriate limits
and well then you know well and maybe
you don't know but I've been enveloped
in continual scandal since for 18 months
as a consequence which to me as a
clinician indicates that I got my damn
diagnosis right right it's not about
pronouns it's about something
deeper than that and I stand by that I
believe that it's the case and I don't
think that we would all be here tonight
if that wasn't the situation so so I
wanted my first or my next question to
be about Lafayette and so I thought I
would read a couple of Facebook posts
that certain students who are critical
of you read in the lead-up to this event
and just ask you to respond to them okay
so this is a student writing Lafayette
College I'm utterly disappointed that
you're allowing this to take place on
our campus
I thought we went through this last
semester with roaming Millenial inviting
hateful speakers who make wildly
unsubstantiated claims is not going to
fly with the student body I get it
the mill series events are private and
not endorsed by the college but you
absolutely have the power to make a
statement on this the fact that you're
not is an embarrassment to our community
if you believe this man is a legitimate
source of knowledge because he has a
degree in clinical psychology feel free
to ask our psychology department faculty
and Counseling Center staff about the
validity of his claims I'm certain they
would not endorse this speaker do better
in all caps for those of you unfamiliar
Jordan Peterson is known for denouncing
the me2 movement claiming that women are
in no way marginalized in the West
arguing against the existence of
gender-neutral pronouns arguing against
gun control in the US and claiming that
identity politics and social justice
movements are part of a devious Marxist
agenda and then another student
responded and this is briefer College
conservatives know that if they bring in
a speaker who was willing to blatantly
insult a portion of the audience and the
libs get angry enough about this for
good reason then they may get an op-ed
written about them in the New York Times
as a result there are a whole group of
hacks like Milo and Peterson who get
famous and invited purely for their
promise to misgender trans students and
advocate provocative but ultimately
toothless arguments about social
Darwinist race theory what I'm saying is
that you have every right to be
pissed Jordan Peterson is a harmful
 but know that but know that you
being pissed is also a hundred percent
at the point of why he was invited he's
not a conservative he's just a guy who's
mildly racist enough to offend College
liberals and therefore secure wins for
the cultural right comparatively mild
stuff
it's the chattering buzz of
ideologically possessed demons so
there's nothing in it that's that's not
entirely predictable that's that's one
of the things you know you notice when
you're talking to people if you if you
want to find out whether the person is
there or the ideology is there you
listen to see if you're hearing anything
that someone else of the same
ideological mindset couldn't have told
you you know like I've had thousands of
conversations with people because I've
spent 20 years as a clinical
psychologist and one of the things I've
learned about people is that they're
unbelievably interesting if you get
someone to sit down and you move past
the superficial which you can actually
do quite rapidly they'll tell you all
sorts of things that only they know that
are unbelievably enlightening about
their own peculiar problems about the
way they look at the world about their
their idiosyncratic familial dynamics
like just fascinating personal stuff
it's the stuff of great novels you know
and just and this is ordinary people I
don't really think there is an ordinary
person exactly there the facade of
ordinariness but behind that people are
very rarely ordinary and so they're the
conversations are almost instantaneously
fascinating and one of the one of the
guidelines that I used in my clinical
practice constantly was like I had this
sense I probably learned this mostly
from Carl Rogers was that if the
conversation wasn't really interesting
then we weren't doing anything that was
therapeutically useful but the
interesting all of the interesting
elements of it were were very very
personal and so to replace this and I
learned this mostly from sold from
Alexander Solzhenitsyn in his detailed
analysis of what
would call ideological possession I
talked to people he talked about people
he met in the gulag camps who were under
the sway of of rigid communist orthodoxy
and noted very clearly that it was like
there was a crank in some sense on the
side of their head and you could just
crank the crank and out would come the
ideological dogma and it's all entirely
predictable and people who are in a
situation like that don't understand
that they're possessed by an idea rights
Carl Jung said people don't have ideas
ideas have people it's like so there's
nothing in that that's anything other
than exactly what you would predict and
then there's a deeper issue - and this
is one that I think has bedeviled me
ever since I made my initial videos
which is the rally it's impossible for
those on the radical left to admit that
anyone who opposes what they're doing
might be reasonable because what that
would mean would be that you could be
reasonable and opposed the radical left
and that would imply that what the
radical left was doing wasn't reasonable
and so instead of dealing with the fact
that I actually happened to be quite
reasonable the attempt is to assume that
anyone who objects must be part of the
radical right it's like well actually no
there's lots of space between the
radical left and the radical right
there's the moderate reasonable left for
example and you and then there's the
center and then there's the moderate
reasonable right and then there's the
far right and then there's the extreme
right all of that exists in opposition
to the radical left but it's very
convenient for the radicals on the left
to say oh well you don't buy our
doctrine and and and then to immediately
make the presupposition that you must be
the most Highness example of that entire
array of potential objection it's like
yeah well whatever you know it's just
not a viable stance and so but it's
convenient and it it it it's a bad thing
because it drives polarization and
that's a bad thing but it also it
doesn't address the issue so one of the
things that I've been thinking about
over the last couple of weeks and plan
to write about here's a mystery for all
of you I don't care what your political
background isn't it isn't like I'm anti
left I've made videos documenting this I
know why there's a left wing there's a
left wing because inequality is a
problem it's a way worse problem than
the radical leftists liked to admit
because you can't lay it at the feet of
capitalism and the free market
inequality is a way worse problem than
that but it's definitely a problem and
because inequality is a problem you need
part of the political structure to speak
up to the for the people who end up
arrayed at the bottom of hierarchies
it's crucial someone has to speak for
them that's the place of the left but
then but then consider this get so we
can get we can state that the right
speaks for hierarchy and the left speaks
on behalf of those who are oppressed by
inequality good we need that dialogue
the radical left okay we know from 20th
century history that things can go too
far on the right no one disputes that
and that things can go too far on the
left and we also know that when things
go too far it's seriously not good right
so when things went too far on the right
then we had 120 million people died in
the Second World War and when things
went too far on the left
we had god only knows how many people
murdered as a consequence of internal
repression at least a hundred million
and we risk putting the entire planet we
risk putting the planet into flames okay
so that's the consequence all right so
now in the aftermath of world war two
let's say we've come to some sort of
sociological agreement I would say that
you can identify the radical right
wingers when people make claims of
racial superiority you put them in a box
and you say well you're outside of
acceptable political discourse and so
you saw that with will William F Buckley
in the 60s when he started his
conservative review he dissociated
himself from the David Duke types and
you saw it more recently with people for
example like ben shapiro who immediately
distanced himself from the
Charlottesville types okay so now we we
kind of have a sense of where you've
crossed the damn line in your
ethno-nationalism right as soon as you
move into the racial superiority domain
