hello hello can I have everybody's
attention please we're gonna be starting
soon all right so first of all thank
everybody for coming I really appreciate
seeing all of your faces here makes me
happy and it's kind of a sign that we're
in the process of reclaiming sanity on
our campus that you guys all showed up
to this so thank you thank you I'm just
gonna lay some quick ground rules for
the event so first of all I want to
thank Center first out study a liberal
democracy Leadership Institute and
undergrad political theory Association
for all their support after this I'm
going to give the mic over to Professor
over menko and he's gonna announce dr.
Peterson Photography is allowed but no
flash photography please no signs are
allowed besides a regular sheet of paper
Petersen is going to speak until 8 p.m.
after which we will have a short Q&A
until 8:30 and everybody's going to line
up on this side I will be holding the
microphone actually we might not be able
to use microphone since we only have one
okay we should have a microphone for
questions starting at 8:00 I'll have you
all line up down here and we will be
over at about 8:30 and after the Q&A
event you guys are all free to leave so
thank you very much here's professor
Albert Mako
[Music]
[Applause]
well good evening and welcome to our
talk today which is called political
indoctrination on campus I am Richard
Avram Iancu associate professor of
political science and co-director with
John Sharples the English mental
gentleman right here from the history
department we are the co-directors of
the Center for the study of liberal
democracy the center along with the
young Americans for Liberty and the
undergraduate political theory
Association organized this lecture today
if you'd like to be in the loop
regarding other events you can look us
up on the intertubes and like I said our
talk today is called political
indoctrination on campus and I'm
grateful to welcome John a dr. Jordan
Peterson as our speaker this evening dr.
Peterson is professor of psychology and
clinical psychologist from Toronto
Canada he cut his teeth as a professor
of psychology at Harvard University and
now is a professor at the University of
Toronto where hopefully he enjoys the
full protection of a robust tenure
tenure policy he's the author of two
books maps of meaning which is on my
nightstand right now and 12 rules for
life an antidote to chaos dr. Peterson
is also the author or co-author of over
a hundred scientific articles on issues
such as alcoholism aggression and the
neurology of political consciousness as
I understand the titles because I didn't
read 100 articles in 2013 dr. Peterson
began recording his lectures personality
and its transformations maps meaning the
architecture a belief and uploading them
to YouTube which have been very popular
I will admit publicly that I listened to
many of his podcast this past summer
while on long training runs they don't
do much for pace but they keep you going
for a long time dr. Peterson made
something of a public splash in 2016
when he made a couple of YouTube videos
criticizing Canada's bill c16 which adds
gender expression and identity as a
protected class under the Canadian Human
Rights Act dr. Peterson argued that a
person could be prosecuted for refusing
to use preferred pronouns a similar law
has recently been passed in California
which of course raises the issue of
forced speech and the First Amendment
after these videos dr. Peterson acquired
some notoriety his YouTube channel has
gathered more
four hundred and fifty thousand
subscribers and his videos have received
more than twenty five million views as
of October 2017 his classroom lectures
on mythology were turned into a wildly
popular thirteen part TV series on TV
Ontario dr. Peterson also has a biblical
lecture series on Tuesday evenings which
are almost always sold out and if any
reason to move back to Toronto for me
that would be one of them finally I
learned that like me dr. Peterson hails
from Alberta I assume he's a right
thinking man and Dustin Edmonton Oilers
fan ladies and gentlemen dr. Peterson
[Applause]
thank you very much for inviting me can
you hear me at the back yeah it's good
all right well we might as well get
right into this so I want to go as
deeply underneath the problem as I can
possibly manage tonight so I'm going to
marry some of my ideas about what you
might describe is the grammatical
structure of belief with some more
overtly political analysis concentrating
on what actually what constitutes
ideology because one of the things that
I've been trying to figure out and I
guess this is part of my attempt to
wrestle with some of the actual problems
that the post modernists opposed because
I don't mean as people or as thinkers I
mean conceptually because you always
have to give the devil his due so to
speak and there are elements of
postmodern thought like the idea that
there's an infinite number of
interpretations for any finite set of
facts that actually happened to be true
and there aren't they're quite
problematic and it's it's for good
reasons as well as bad reasons that
post-modernism has become such a
dominant strain of thought and so it's
necessary to take it seriously and I've
been trying to one of the things I've
been trying to figure out is is there a
reasonable way of distinguishing
philosophy from an ideologies and the
Pope the post modernist answer to that
is basically know that it's ideology all
the way down like the turtles all the
way down you never escaped from the from
the grip of your of your viewpoint in
some sense and and there's some truth in
that but there's not enough truth that's
the thing and one of the hallmarks I
would say of both post-postmodern an
ideological thinking is the proclivity
to reduce very complex phenomena to
single causes but anyways so we're going
to we're going to go underneath things
as far as we possibly can so the first
thing that I'd like to point out is
or like to discuss is the actual problem
that were that we're all trying to solve
in some sense including the ideologues
who claim to have the let's say
interests of either the working class or
there were or the oppressed uppermost in
their in their imagination in their
heart or in their intellectual concerns
and there's absolutely no doubt that
there is oppression and and that there's
no shortage of suffering in the world
and I do think that's not only the
fundamental the fundamental reality of
the world and and this is an existential
theme and it was developed at least to
some degree by Martin Heidegger and
Heidegger had a concept that he called
throne Ness which is an interesting an
interesting idea and throne Ness is is a
brief description of the arbitrary
nature of human being or even of being
itself and the arbitrary nature it can
be his the word he used for that which
is a German word can be translated in
other ways it can be translated as
abandon or dereliction or dejection
which obviously are much harsher words
than mere throne this throne this is
more of a detached term but what it
means is that it's a characteristic of
human conscious experience to be
underpinned by arbitrary realities that
have nothing to do in some sense with
your choice as a being and so some of
the elements of being thrown are that
you're born at a certain time rather
than a different time that seems like
it's an irrational fact that's how young
would describe it Carl Jung as it's an
irrational fact because there's no real
way of accounting for it from from a
causal perspective not not subjectively
speaking and you're born a certain race
and you're born with a certain level of
intelligence let's say although that can
be impaired certainly with enough effort
and you're born in a certain culture
with a certain language and at a certain
socio-economic in a certain
socio-economic class and with a certain
degree of attractiveness and those are
things that are all handed to you in
some sense they they make up the
in some sense they make up the axiomatic
structure of your being and some of the
more advantageous and others are
disadvantageous and you're stuck with
them and that really is a problem
partly because life in and of itself is
a problem and a problem of suffering but
also because it seems quite evident that
well or at least that you could make a
strong case that the the talents and
catastrophes of life are by no means
equally distributed and so in some sense
there seems to be an intrinsic we might
regard it from the perspective of the
standards of human justice and perhaps
human mercy as well as something
intrinsically unfair unjust about the
structure of existence itself now I like
the exact existentialist take on that
because what the existentialists do is
attribute that inequality and injustice
and say unfairness to the structure of
being itself and pose that as the
central problem of life and I find that
very realistic I like this painting by
Van Gogh I think it does a very good job
of expressing that you know he's an old
man and he's obviously sorrowful and and
you know he's not rich as you can tell
by his shoes and like it's rough and and
he's a nexus of oppression and perhaps
Oh a nexus of oppression in that he may
have served as an oppressor but also
someone who's suffering and oppressed as
a consequence of the conditions of his
life and so then the question might be
well why is life like that and that's
where and what might be done about it
and that's where the differences really
start to arise so we can start from the
perspective of the fact that life
presents a universal problem to those of
us who are alive and conscious now there
are various what would you call the
Metta theories that account for the
existence of this suffering my
interpretation of the story of Genesis
essentially which in some sense
describes the introduction of suffering
into the world is that what what seems
to happen in the story of Genesis is
that human beings originally emerge is a
mythological rep
so it's a deep fictional representation
that's one way of thinking about it
keeping in mind as you might that
fiction can be more true than truth
which is partly why we're so attracted
to it because fiction distills truth and
presents it in a much more concentrated
form than than a mere description of
everyday reality and in the Genesis
story there's a there seems to be an
association between the development of
vision and self-consciousness and the
awareness of death and the awareness of
good and evil those things happen pretty
much at exactly the same time and the
consequence of that awareness of or that
self-consciousness is a dawning
awareness of vulnerability you remember
in the story of Genesis when Adam and
Eve opened their eyes or have their eyes
opened as a consequence of falling prey
to temptation the scales fall from their
eyes and they realize that they're naked
and then they immediately cover
themselves up and of course the question
is what does it mean to realize that
you're naked and there's a variety of
complex quest answers to that one is
that well if you're naked a common
nightmare is to be naked in front of a
crowd and the reason that that's a
nightmare is because well people don't
like to have their full vulnerability
exposed to the judgmental eye of the
crowd and for good reason like everybody
has what would you say it may be an
inbuilt sense of shame about their
fundamental inadequacy in relationship
to the difficulties of life and so the
story of Genesis which i think is a
foundational story well I don't think
it's a foundational story it's obviously
a foundational story foundation story of
Western culture suggest that it's
mankind's knowledge of its own nature
that leads to not only to suffering but
to work you know because once you
realize that you're vulnerable and that
that vulnerability never really goes
away
you always have to prepare for the
future because even if you solve the
problems that are right in front of you
this moment that doesn't mean that
you've solved the plethora of problems
that are likely to pop up for you
tomorrow and next week and next month
and next year and and that in some sense
are beyond your ability to finally solve
so but there's a different viewpoint I
think that comes
of the Marxist perspective and I'm going
to talk to you about Marxism and
post-modernism both of which I regard as
variant strands of the same ideology and
as I said I'll define why I think
they're ideological and the the the
thing that strikes me so clearly about
the Marxist perspective is that the
finger is always pointed at inadequate
social order as the root cause of
suffering and that just seems to me to
be I don't know it's it's so naive that
it's difficult to understand why people
can possibly fall for it maybe it's
partly because there's some hope
embedded in it right
there's an idea that well suffering
might be transcended if we could just
organize our societies properly but it
seems to be number one that that's
highly unlikely and number two as
Dostoevsky pointed out even if we did
organize our societies so that no one
had anything to worry about from a
material perspective so everyone let's
say had enough bread and shelter that
were the kind of insane creatures that
would blow that apart and fragment that
sort of static utopian perfection just
so something strange and interesting
might happen and I think that's a really
that's a really devastating critique and
you know no Dostoevsky formulated that
back in the late 1800s he had thought
through the consequences of communist
utopia before it even manifested itself
as a political force and I think put his
finger on exactly at least one of its
primary weaknesses so you know if we
were delivered from suffering it's not
necessarily clear that we would be happy
about that because one of the things
that does characterize human beings is
this intense desire for experience that
transcends the normative you know and
people will go out and look for
difficult things to do just for the sake
of doing difficult things they climb
mountains and they engage in extreme
sports and they put their lives in
danger and there's no technical reason
for that and it doesn't seem like a very
intelligent thing to do from the pure
perspective of self-preservation but
we're certainly capable of it and the
problem the Marxists seem to lay the
reason for suffering at the foot of
inadequate social structure and but they
go farther than that they also describe
the social structure as it exists and
this is where the idea
the patriarchy is derived as far as I'm
concerned as something that is
necessarily an upper class or an
oppressive class against the oppressed
class and what the people who fit in
those different categories can vary with
classic Marxism it was the rich against
the poor or the poor against the rich
right the burrs was C against the
proletariat and that's been transformed
I would say by the post modernists using
a fairly self-evident sleight of hand
into identity politics where the
oppressed oppressor narrative just takes
different forms according to the
identity that happens to be plugged into
the same mediational structure and what
seems to happen as a consequence of that
and I mean there's pretty good data
about this with regards to the genesis
of intense intergroup conflict one of
the things that predicts intense
intergroup conflict like the conflict in
Rwanda and certainly also happened in
Nazi Germany is that genocide all
activities are often marketed as
pre-emptive strikes against an oppressor
class right and so that would have been
the Jews in Germany and in in Rwanda the
same narrative emerged it's very common
to to dichotomize this society as
oppressor and oppressed and then for the
oppressed to rise up and take out the so
called oppressors even before anything
of any of any particular violence occurs
because of this enhanced sense of
victimization and the moral high ground
that it seems to provide the logic being
something like if we're being oppressed
and we have every right to to defend
ourselves so to speak even against
threats that are only in some way
imaginary now I don't want to get to
cut-and-dried about that because you
know it certainly is the case that there
isn't a political or economic system in
the entire world that lacks corruption
and so the idea that this the social
structure is in part corrupt enough so
that everyone who is embodied in that
social structure doesn't necessarily
have an equal chance to manifest their
gifts say and rise to the top is
certainly true because human beings are
completely incapable of producing
perfect social structures for a variety
of reasons our own blindness the fact
that we inherit structures that we don't
really understand that are all demented
and bent in one way or another and so
there's always an element of truth to
critical claims that if we just got our
act together better from a social
perspective that everything would be
more fair and just but to say that is
not to simultaneously justify the claim
that all the reasons that human beings
are suffering and that life is unfair
and unjust is because the social
structure is corrupt and oppressive
right you got to think in multivariate
terms if you have any degree of
intelligence at all and for any complex
phenomena there's generally a multitude
of causes and they are not easy to
differentiate I mean that's partly what
social scientists is do is to take a
look at a complex outcome suffering
certainly being one of those and to look
at the potential contributors of
multitude of factors now it's very
difficult because those factors are not
easy to categorize and they overlap and
so on and so forth but you have to be
pretty what would you say
motivated and stupid I would say both at
the same time to use a univariate
hypothesis to to talk to to account for
a complex phenomena I don't care what
the phenomena is and so that's another
hallmark of ideological thinking is that
the causal story collapses into a single
dimension you see that often in
psychopathology 2 where you know people
who get obsessive about something can't
shake like a particular idea that
possesses them paranoid people are like
that and people who have eating
disorders especially anorexia are like
that is their entire value structure
collapses into the dimension of thin
equals beautiful and good and it's very
rigid and black and white and it does
them absolutely no good so now some of
the problems with with the Marxist
perspective seems to be that victimhood
the sense of enhanced victimhood tends
to produce an intense sense of
resentment and that's a very bad idea
because resentment is a very toxic and
violent emotion it's also very
grateful which is one of the things I
