hi this video has two components a
three-minute announcement of the
remaining venues of my American 12 rules
for life tour and the new Canadian
venues that will open up in July and
August followed by a lengthy discussion
with Ben Shapiro on the narrative
substrate of human commission derived
from his new Sunday YouTube video and
podcast so hi there I'm in Denver
Colorado today it's May 7th 2018 I'm
going to give the fourth talk of my
American 12 rules for life tour tonight
or maybe it's the fifth first one was
Toronto and Washington and Chicago then
Detroit now Denver so yes I guess that's
the fifth I'm announcing the remaining
venues today in the US where tickets are
still available and the dates and places
for my Canadian tour 10 Canadian cities
in July so there's tickets remaining to
ten venues in the United States on May
23rd Philadelphia on May 29th Houston on
June 8th Richmond on June 10th Charlotte
June 12th Nashville June 14th Louisville
June 15th Indianapolis June 16th
Milwaukee 25th Portland 27th Sacramento
and in between all that on Wednesday
that June the 5th will also be in Rick
javac in Iceland so tickets are
available for those and then I'm going
to be to her in Canada and July in
August the 19th in Toronto on the 20th
in Hamilton that's July again 21st in
London Ontario 22nd in Kitchener on the
23rd in Ottawa on the 26th in Vancouver
on the 27th in Calgary on the 28th in
Edmonton in August on the 14th at Regina
and on August 15 in Saskatoon
Saskatchewan
he can find out more about that if you
go to Jordan B Peterson comm and look up
events that's Jordan B Peterson calm
under events also in this video is a
discussion that I recently did last week
in fact was just released with Ben
Shapiro as part of his new Sunday
podcast initiative and I think we had a
very good conversation and so the rest
of this video was taken up with the
conversation that I had with and I think
we got further on the issue of how human
perception and cognitive function is
nested inside a fundamental narrative
substrate and we related that to modern
findings neuro psychology related to
hemispheric function I think it was an
excellent discussion and so I'm very
happy to bring it to you there's some
ads in it because I took it directly
from Ben's video so anyway so that's the
tour Philadelphia Houston Richmond
Charlotte Nashville Louisville
Indianapolis Milwaukee Portland and
Sacramento and that's all in June and
May and then Rick G Vic in June as well
and then the Canada tour in July and
August Toronto Hamilton London Kitchener
Ottawa Vancouver Calgary Edmonton Regina
and Saskatoon and as I said you can find
out about that
Jordan B Peterson comm events thank you
very much and I hope that you can come
to one of the talks they seem to be
going really well so far we sold out a
very large number of them and the people
seem quite enthusiastic and I've been
able to get farther in my thinking than
I was in my book and each of the talks
is designed to illuminate a different
element of the let's say the 12 rules
and the topics that are associated with
that so thanks very much and I hope you
enjoyed the discussion with Ben Shapiro
there's lots of times in your life
you're not going to be happy and so
that's not going to work you want to
have something meaningful that's the the
boat that will take you through this
storm
[Music]
well here we are with Jordan Peterson
and I could not be more excited to talk
with the best-selling author of 12 rules
for life and I will talk with him but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at helix league so there's
nobody on the planet like you so why
would you buy a mattress built for
everyone else working with the world's
leading sleep experts helix sleep
developed a mattress that's customized
your specific height weight and sleep
preferences so you can have the best
sleep of your life at an unbeatable
price here's how it works you go to
helix sleep calm fill out their two
minutes sleep quiz and they'll design
your custom mattress they even customize
each side for you and a partner in 2018
helix sleep has taken customized sleep
to the next level with their helix
pillow it really is fantastic their only
pillows aren't fully adjustable so you
can achieve perfect comfort regardless
of sleep position or body type helix
sleep has thousands of five-star reviews
plus you get a hundred nights to try
them out go to hulex sleep calm slash
been guest right now and you'll get up
to 125 bucks toward your mattress order
that's helix sleep calm slash been guest
for up to 125 dollars off your mattress
order again that's helix sleep calm
slash been guests get the deal with Ben
guests and make sure that they know that
we sent you okay so I could not be more
excited to speak with Jordan Peterson
well as Jordan knows before the show we
talked for an hour before the show just
about interesting things we should have
caught on tape but now we're actually
gonna get a chance to do it live so here
is the Jordan's new book if you haven't
bought it yet everybody on planet has
bought this book I was walking through
the office today we didn't have a copy
in the office person the front desk had
a copier book you're sitting on her desk
sup that's the way this works twelve
rules for life an antidote to cast
fantastic book obviously topping all the
bestseller lists all over the world
Jordan thanks so much for joining the
show really appreciate it thanks for the
invitation well you know obviously your
your prominence has just blown up in the
last year and a half when we were
talking before the show about why that
is and why there are so many people who
suddenly are very angry about you I
notice there's an article in Politico
suggesting that young angry white males
you are now their their leader so
congratulations no you have said I want
to ask you about that why do you think
that number one your profiles become so
big of late and number two why do you
think it is that so many members of the
of the left are so angry about that why
are they characterizing people who
listen to you as angry and enraged young
white well we could we can look at the
characterization to begin with you know
because I think it speaks to the
pathology of the radical left instantly
they're absolutely incapable of viewing
the world
up through group identity terms you know
and so if someone comes out and
disagrees with them then they have to
characterize them by their fundamental
group attribute whatever that happens to
be maybe its gender because that's a
favorite or maybe it's race and so angry
white men young there we go sexist
ageist and racist all at once right
they're angry young white men well it
has to be that way if you're gonna be
the if you're gonna play the leftist
game because that's the only way that
you can look at the world and then if
you can't make your opponent
reprehensible in some manner and it's
strange that they would attempt to make
them reprehensible on the grounds of
race age and sex since that's precisely
what they stand against hypothetically
but if you can't make your enemy
reprehensible along some dimension then
you have to contend with them seriously
and so you know if I'm not an all right
fascist like Hitler you know or Milo you
know Alice which was how I was
characterized in Canada because the
radical leftist can't even get their
bloody insults straight he's like Hitler
or Milo innopolis it's like because
there's no difference between them right
no obvious difference it's just another
attempt to pillory as far as I can tell
and I think that it's it's dreadful I
really think it is there was an article
written in by the I believe the editor
of the New York Review of Books that was
just republished in The Globe and Mail
talking about the emergence of hyper
masculinity and how I was somehow
responsible without or contributing to
it like Mussolini and I read that and I
thought yeah like miscellany
and I thought okay so what are you doing
I see you're you're defining masculinity
or conflating masculinity and hyper
masculinity at the same time then your
virtue signaling by being against hyper
masculinity but really what you're
trying to do is bring down whatever it
is that's masculinity and what
masculinity is in in this frame is
something like competence and so it's
part of the radical leftists general war
on competence as well which I think is
one of the most pernicious elements of
the culture wars the dissolution of
hierarchies the the assumption that
every hierarchy has to be based on power
and served them the needs of your group
whatever that happens to be that there's
no such thing as
confidence and so and then the other
thing that's reprehensible about it
because that's not enough is that it's
just wrong
like there's I've got tens of thousands
of letters from people and people come
up to me all the time on the street I'll
give you an example this is a great
story this is really touching so I was
in LA about a month and a half ago and I
was downtown LA and downtown LA is kind
of rough and I was wandering around and
with my wife and this young guy pulled a
car up beside hopped out and he was kind
of a stylish looking 21 year old Latino
guy something like that it was all
excited he said he asked me who I was
and I told him and he you know that's
what he had presumed and so he was kind
of excited about that he said look I've
watched all your lectures and it's
really helped me and I've been
straightening out my life and trying to
get my room clean and he laughed about
that but you know developing some aims
and trying to tell the truth and and
look I've really fixed up my
relationship with my father and so then
he said wait wait just wait a minute and
I thought sure what sure so he went back
in the car and he got his farther out of
his car and he came over with his dad
like they had their arms around each
other and he said look we've really
improved our relationship and they were
both smiling away and you know that's
man if you're gonna target me for that
just go right ahead and as a real white
supremacist oh yeah yeah and it's
wherever I go now and this is one of the
things this is the thing that's so
wonderful about that all of this as far
as I'm concerned is that people come up
to me all the time and that's exactly
what they say they say look I was lost
aimless depressed nihilistic anxious
drug-addicted
alcoholic wasting my time masturbating
too much although they don't generally
use that particular example you know
loss essentially and and and hopeless in
some sense and I've been watching your
lectures and they've really helped and
I've really been putting my life
together and I've been trying to say
what I believe to be true and develop a
vision and it's really helped and like
and it's so overwhelming you know like
if I'm doing book signings after a talk
then there'll be a dozen people or more
who and these aren't like I'm only
talking to people for about 15 seconds
but you can have a very intense
conversation in 15 seconds and they'll
say look you know
like I was suicidal man like I was
really hanging on to the edge of the
earth by my fingernails
and I'm better and they have tears in
their eyes it's like it's amazing little
of that goes a long way well I think
that when I look at your eyes and look I
talk to people who love what you do I
mean every time I go on the road and I'm
speaking at a campus you're the number
one name that gets mentioned and people
would buy people who come to my lectures
and I think that the reason for that
that I've that I've seen is is really
twofold one is that one of the things
that you really talk a lot about is the
notion of self discipline and purpose in
your life and control and the idea that
you are in control of your
decision-making and your decision-making
matters that's one and the other
reserves you have you have a unique
capacity to say no to things and when
somebody says something to you that is
it illogical but popular then you have
the capacity to say no that's what
happen in that Kathy Newman interview
that then somebody was saying something
to you the made no sense and you just
said well no and then you just stood on
that now and when you stand on that no I
think it gives people a lot of courage
yeah well I mean the gender issue is
really an interesting one because one of
my professional domains of expertise is
individual differences I'm a personality
psychologist and so I know the gender
difference literature and it's it's a
very solid literature well first of all
it's very solid it has a 30-year history
once per psychologist got the
personality models down so that would be
the big five model all empirically
derived straight statistics right brute
force empiricism nobody had a
theoretical axe to grind with the big
five except to say maybe there are human
traits maybe they're encapsulated in
language we can use statistical
techniques to find out what they are
that was it that is the whole ideology
so very very neutral as far as
ideologies go five traits emerge okay
are there differences between the sexes
turns out there are all right they're
not massive although if you sum them
across all the traits you can separate
men and women with about 75 percent
accuracy so it's not trivial but you
have to sum across all the traits then
another question comes up well are those
differences socio-cultural or
biologically ok we can test that we'll
go around the world we'll look at
cultures will rank order them in terms
of the
gender equality of their sociological
policies we can do that with broad
agreement from the right and the left
then the hypothesis would be if gender
differences decrease among more
egalitarian societies then the gender
differences our socio-cultural or at
least more socio-cultural that's exactly
the opposite of what was found
repeatedly that's pseudoscience it's
like no that's mainstream psychology
those papers have thousands of citations
and right the average humanities paper
has zero citations right and then the
next most common one has one three
thousand that's an that's an
unbelievable classic and and here's the
other bit of proofs like you say well
how do you know that you can trust
someone's judgement about a fact the
fact emerges despite their ideological
presuppositions okay so it's well-known
that the social sciences and the
humanities have a have a left tilt and a
lot of that's temperamental and the tilt
has become more pronounced but as
Jonathan Hyde has pointed out there are
no conservatives among social
personality psychologists or none to
speak of yes very few vanishingly
feeling and if the field has a bias it
is definitely and indisputably a
left-wing bias okay so you have to fight
that if you're if you're a scientist
right even if you're a left-wing
scientist you have to fight that because
you want to get to the facts it was
these social scientists he generated the
data that suggested that the gender
differences not only were real but that
were bigger in egalitarian societies
they didn't do that to grind their
ideological axe because their
ideological presupposition was no no you
make the society you yell at Aryan men
and women get more the same it's like no
they get more different Oh booth isn't
that something and so then there's a
corollary there which is all right you
could still say and they're kind of
pushing in this direction in Scandinavia
boys and girls are different men and
women are different
it looks biological but because people
are malleable you could push the
socio-cultural structure harder and
harder to minimize the biological
differences okay well first of all maybe
and maybe not
you'd get a rebound and they'd get even
like the kids would rebel that could
easily happen but let's say okay you
could the problem with that is is that
if you seed that much power to the state
like you're basically giving the state
the right to socialize your kids rights
like you you really you really you
really want to do that I mean the people
in Israel couldn't do that with the
kabuto right it didn't work so people
aren't gonna give up their children to
the state and thank God for that well I
mean this is one of the big questions
that we were discussing earlier is that
we were talking about the polarization
in politics between right and left and
obviously you're you're a psychologist
you're a philosopher but you've been
dragged almost kicking and screaming
into this political sphere because
everything has been so politicized and
so when you say when you cite social
science statistics and they're
scientifically based you're called a
racist you're called the sexist you're
called the homophobe and exactly so so
why is it that so why do you think it is
that so many folks on the Left who
purport to be all about reason and
science and an objective fact are so
willing to throw those out the window
the minute that it becomes politically
inconvenient well because you imagine
that cognitive system so an
interpretation of the world has levels
there axiomatic levels some fundamental
presuppositions are more fundamental
than others and you could say well the
leftists historically maybe because of
their atheistic rationality are more on
the side of science than say the
fundamental isms of any sort but when
push comes to shove you find out how the
axioms are are nested there's deeper
axioms underneath that which is that all
hierarchies are based on power and all
power plays are based on group identity
tribal identity essentially and that the
entire history of the world is nothing
but a power play between between these
different identity groups it's like okay
well if the science indicates that some
of that's wrong then do you alter those
beliefs or do you alter the science and
the answer to that question is well it
depends on how you've hierarchically
arranged those if the science is at the
bottom then you alter your beliefs right
if it's the scientific facts or the
axiomatic
some structure then you then you alter
your beliefs if your beliefs are the
axiomatic sub structure then you alter
the science well we've seen how that
plays out and one of the things I've
tried to do so to speak is to diagnose
the axiomatic structure it's like okay
what's the what's the metaphysical
presumption structure of the radical
left well what it is is you're basically
your group your groups are basically
engaged in warfare right and the warfare
is arbitrary except insofar as it serves
your group okay I don't buy any of that
I think that's I think that's a route to
certain disaster I think it's a
degeneration into tribalism and that we
will seriously pay for it not only
because it returns us to tribalism and
