[Music]
today I want to present to you some of
the things I've been thinking and
writing about as Easter approached I'm
going to do this in five separate parts
which hopefully will make up a coherent
whole I'm going to read all of this
because it's complicated
part one the nature of experience there
are two ways of looking at the world as
a place of things and as a forum for
action because we are living beings and
must make our way pragmatically in the
world
the second way of looking has to take
precedence this means that the world as
a place of things is nested inside the
world as a forum for action this means
that our conceptualization of the world
as objective must remain subordinate to
our conceptualization of the world as a
place of being this is from the first
part of my book maps of meaning quote
the world can be validly construed as
forum for action or place of things the
former manner of interpretation more
primordial and less clearly understood
finds its expression in the arts or
humanities in ritual drama literature
and mythology of the world as forum for
action is a place of value a place where
all things have meaning this meaning
which is shaped as a consequence of
social interaction is implication for
action or at a higher level of analysis
implications for the configuration of
the interpretive schema that produces or
guides action the latter manner of
interpretation the world as place of
things finds its formal expression in
the methods and theories of science
science allows for increasingly precise
determination of the consensually
validate able properties of things and
for if
utilization of precisely determined
things as tools once the direction such
use is to take has been determined
through application of more fundamental
narrative processes no complete world
picture can be generated without use of
both modes of construal the fact that
one mode is generally set at odds with
the other means only that the nature of
their respective domains remains
insufficiently discriminated adherents
of the mythological worldview tend to
regard the statements of their Creed's
as indistinguishable from empirical fact
even though such statements were
generally formulated long before the
notion of objective reality emerged
those who by contrast accept the
scientific perspective who assume that
it is or might become complete forget
that an impassable gulf currently
divides what is from what should be i
wrote this a little later it's also
relevant as introduction to what we're
going to discuss in a bit the world can
be validly construed as a forum for
action as well as a place of things we
describe the world as a place of things
using the formal methods of science the
techniques of narrative however myth
literature and drama portray the world
as a forum for action the two forms of
representation have been unnecessarily
set at odds because we have not yet
formed a clear picture of their
respective domains the domain of the
former scientific domain is the
objective world what is from the
perspective of inter subjective
perception the domain of the latter
drama and narrative is the world of
value what is and what should be from
the perspective of emotion and action
the world as a forum for action presents
itself in two stories the normal story I
was at point-a
and I was going to point B and the
revolutionary story I was at point a and
while going to point B something
entirely unexpected and earth-shattering
happened this meant I had to abandon my
story question my assumptions a lot of
my old beliefs to die and be reborn anew
the second story which is deeper is
essentially religious part to some
axioms of the Christian revolutionary
story number one to decide that and then
enact the proposition that being is good
despite its tragedy and malevolence
number two to work in consequence for
the continual and eternal improvement of
that being and to know that as love
number three to do such work in truth
number four to let everything inadequate
burn off in that pursuit and to welcome
its replacement by what is better number
five to know that as the sacred
imitation of Christ number six to
understand that although Christ's
sacrifice redeemed us all the work still
has to be done number seven to accept
that work as the sacred meaning of life
number eight to strive toward the
heavenly City on the hill in that manner
part three narratives and sacrifice from
my new book twelve rules for life rule
seven pursue what is meaningful not what
is expedient every man for himself and
the devil take the hindmost as the old
proverb hasn't why not
simply take everything
you can get whenever the opportunity
arises why not determine to live in that
manner or is there an alternative and if
so why should we bother with it
our ancestors worked out very
sophisticated answers to such questions
but we still don't understand them very
well this is because they are in large
part still implicit manifest primarily
in ritual and myth and as of yet
incompletely articulated we act them out
and represent them in stories but were
not yet wise enough to formulate them
explicitly we're still chimps in a troop
or wolves in a pack we know how to
behave we know who's who and why we've
learned that through experience
our knowledge has been shaped by the
interaction with others we've
established predictable routines and
patterns of behavior but we don't really
understand them or know where they
originated they've evolved over great
expanses of time but we didn't and still
don't understand what it all meant the
biblical narrative of Paradise and the
fall is one such story fabricated by our
collective imagination working over the
centuries it provides a profound account
of the nature of being and points the
way to a mode of conceptualization at
action well matched to that nature in
the Garden of Eden prior to the dawn of
self-consciousness so goes the story
human beings were sinless our primordial
parents Adam and Eve walked with God
then tempted by the snake the first
couple ate from the tree of the
knowledge of good and evil discovered
death and vulnerability and turned away
from God mankind was exiled from
paradise and began its effortful mortal
existence the idea of sacrifice enters
soon afterward beginning with the
account of Cain and Abel and developing
through the Abrahamic adventures and the
Exodus after much contemplation
struggling humanity learns that God's
favor
could be gained and his wrath averted
through proper sacrifice and also that
bloody murder might be motivated among
those unwilling or unable to succeed in
this manner the delay of gratification
when engaging in sacrifice our
forefathers began to act out what would
be considered a proposition if it were
stated in words that something better
might be attained in the future by
giving up something of value in the
present recall if you will that the
necessity for work is one of the curses
placed by God upon Adam and his
descendants in consequence of original
sin adam's waking to the fundamental
constraints of his being his
vulnerability his eventual death is
equivalent to his discovery of the
future the future that's where you go to
die hopefully not too soon your demise
might be staved off through work through
the sacrifice of the now to gain benefit
later it is for this reason among others
no doubt that the concept of sacrifice
is introduced in the biblical chapter
immediately following the drama of the
fall there's little difference between
sacrifice and work they're also both
uniquely human sometimes animals act as
if they're working but they are really
only following the dictates of their
nature beavers build dams they do so
because they are beavers beavers build
dams they don't think yeah but I'd
rather be on a beach in Mexico with my
girlfriend while they're doing it
prosaically such sacrifice work is delay
of gratification but that's a very
mundane phrase to describe something of
soul-shattering significance the
discovery that gratification could be
delayed was simultaneously the discovery
of time and with it causality at least
the causal force of voluntary human
action long ago in the dim mists of time
we began to realize that reality was
struck
as if it could be bargained with we
learned that behaving properly now in
the present regulating our impulses
considering the plight of others could
bring rewards in the future in a time
and place that did not yet exist we
began to inhibit control and organize
our immediate impulses so that we could
stop interfering with other people and
our future selves doing so was
indistinguishable from organizing
society the discovery of the causal
relationship between our efforts today
and the quality of tomorrow motivated
the social contract the organization
that enables today's work to be stored
reliably mostly in the form of promises
from others understanding is often acted
out before it can be articulated just as
a child acts out what it means to be
mother or father before being able to
give a spoken account of what those
roles mean the act of making a ritual
sacrifice to God was an early and
sophisticated enactment of the idea of
the usefulness of delay there is a long
conceptual journey between merely
feasting hungrily and learning to set
aside some extra meat smoked by the fire
for the end of the day or for someone
who isn't present it takes a long time
to learn to keep anything later for
yourself or to share it with someone
else and those are very much the same
thing as in the former case you are
sharing with your future self it is much
easier and far more likely to selfishly
and immediately wolf down everything in
sight there are similar long journeys
between every leap and sophistication
with regards to delay and its
conceptualization short-term sharing
storing away for the future
representation of that storage in the
form of records and later in the form of
currency and ultimately the saving of
money in a bank or other social
institution
some conceptualizations had to serve as
intermediaries or the full range of our
practices and ideas surrounding
sacrifice and work and their
representation could have never emerged
our ancestors acted out a drama a
fiction they personified the force that
governs fate as a spirit that can be
bargained with traded with as if it were
another human being and the amazing
thing is that it worked this was in part
because the future is largely composed
of other human beings often precisely
those who have watched and evaluated and
appraised the tiniest details of your
past behavior it's not very far from
that to God sitting above on high
tracking your every move and writing it
down for further reference in a big book
here's a productive symbolic idea the
future is a judgmental father that's a
good start but two additional archetypal
foundational questions arose because of
the discovery of sacrifice of work both
have to do with the ultimate extension
of the logic of work which is sacrifice
now to gain later first question what
must be sacrificed small sacrifices may
be sufficient to solve small singular
problems but it is possible that larger
more comprehensive sacrifices might
solve an array of large and complex
problems all at the same time that's
harder but it might be better adapting
to the necessary discipline of medical
school will for example fatally
interfere with the licensee estoppel
core undergraduate party animal giving
that up is a sacrifice but a physician
can to quote George w really put food on
his family that's a lot of trouble
dispensed with over a very long period
of time so sacrifices are necessary to
improve the future and larger sacrifices
can be better second question
set of related questions really we've
already established the basic principle
sacrifice will improve the future but a
principle once established has to be
fleshed out it's full extension or
significance has to be understood what
is implied by the idea that sacrifice
will improve the future in the most
extreme and final of cases where does
that basic principle find its limits we
must ask to begin what would be the
largest most effective most pleasing of
all possible sacrifices and then how
good might the best possible future be
if the most effective sacrifice could be
made the biblical story of Cain and Abel
Adam and Eve's sons immediately follows
the story of the expulsion from paradise
as mentioned previously Cain and Abel
are really the first humans since their
parents were made directly by God and
not born in the standard manner Cain and
Abel live in history not in Eden they
must work they must make sacrifices to
please God and they do so with altar and
proper ritual but things get complicated
Abel's offerings please God but Cain's
do not Abel is rewarded many times over
but Cain is not it's not precisely clear
why although the text strongly hints
that Cain's heart is just not in it
maybe the quality of what came put
forward was low
maybe his spirit was begrudging or maybe
God was vexed for some secret reasons of
his own and all of this is realistic
including the texts vagueness of
explanation not all sacrifices are of
equal
quality furthermore it often appears
that sacrifices of apparently high
quality are not rewarded with a better
future and it's not clear why why isn't
God happy what would have to change to
make him so those are difficult
questions and everyone asks them all the
time even if they don't notice asking
such questions is indistinguishable from
thinking the realization that pleasure
could be usefully for stalled dawned on
us with great difficulty
it runs absolutely contrary to our
ancient fundamental animal instincts
which demand immediate satisfaction
particularly under conditions of
deprivation which are both inevitable
and commonplace and to complicate the
matter such delay only becomes useful
when civilization has stabilized itself
enough to guarantee the existence of the
delayed reward in the future if
everything you save will be destroyed or
worse stolen there's no point in saving
it is for this reason that a wolf will
down 20 pounds of raw meat in a single
meal he isn't thinking man I hate it
when I binge I should save some of this
for next week so how was it that those
two impossible and necessarily
simultaneous accomplishments delay and
the stabilization of society into the
future could possibly have manifested
themselves here is a developmental
progression from animal to human it's
wrong no doubt in the details but it's
sufficiently correct for our purposes in
theme first there's excess food large
carcasses mammoths or other massive
herbivores might provide that we ate a
lot of mammoths maybe all of them with a
large animal there's some left for later
after a kill that's accidental at first
but eventually the utility of for later
starts to be appreciated
some provisional notion of sacrifice
develops at the same time if I leave
some even if I want it now I won't have
to be hungry later that provisional
notion develops to the next level if I
leave some for later I won't have to go
hungry and neither will those I care for
and then to the next I can't possibly
eat all of this mammoth but I can't
store the rest for too long either
maybe I should feed some to other people
maybe they'll remember and feed me some
of their mammoths when they have some
and I have none then I'll get some
mammoths now and some mammoths later
that's a good deal and maybe those I'm
sharing with will come to trust me more
generally maybe then we could trade
forever in such a manner
mammoth becomes future mammoth and
future mammoth becomes personal
reputation that's the emergence of the
social contract to share does not mean
to give away something you value and get
nothing back that is instead only what
every child who refuses to share fears
it means to share means properly to
initiate the process of trade a child
who can't share who can't trade can't
have any friends because having friends
is a form of trade Benjamin Franklin
once suggested that a newcomer to a
neighbourhood asked a new neighbor to do
him or her a favor citing this old maxim
he that has once done you a kindness
will be more ready to do you another
than he whom you yourself have obliged
in Franklin's opinion asking someone for
something not too extreme obviously was
the most useful and immediate invitation
to social interaction and trade such
asking on the part of the newcomer
provided the neighbor with an
opportunity
to show him or herself as a good person
at first encounter it also meant that
the latter could now ask the former for
a favor in return because of the debt
incurred increasing their mutual
familiarity and trust in that manner
both parties could overcome their
natural hesitancy and mutual fear of the
stranger it is better to have something
than nothing it's better yet to share
generously to something you have it's
even better than that however to become
widely known for generous sharing that's
something that lasts that's something
that's reliable and at this point of
abstraction we can observe how the
groundwork for the conceptions reliable
honest and generous have been laid the
basis for an articulated morality has
been put in place the productive
truthful sharer is the prototype for the
good citizen and the good man we can see
in this matter how from the simple
notion that leftovers are a good idea
the highest moral principles might
emerge it's as if something like the
following happened as humanity developed
first were the endless tens or hundreds
of thousands of years prior to the
emergence of written history and drama
during this time the twin practices of
delay and exchange begin to emerge
slowly and painfully then they become
represented in metaphorical abstraction
as rituals and tales of sacrifice told
in a manner such as this it's as if
there's a powerful figure in the sky who
sees all and is judging you giving up
something you value seems to make him
happy and you want to make him happy
because all hell breaks loose if you
don't so practice sacrificing and
gerri until you become expert at it and
things will go well for you
no one said any of this at least not so
plainly and directly but it was implicit
in the practice and then in the stories
action came first as it had to as the
animals we once were could act but could
not think implicit unrecognized value
came first as the actions that preceded
thought embodied value but did not make
that value explicit people watched the
successful succeed and the unsuccessful
fail for thousands and thousands of
years we thought it over and drew a
