so today I'm talking to two of my
compatriots I suppose in this ongoing
discussion in Canada about free speech
issues including compelled speech and I
met Jared brown and Bruce party
Jared's a practicing lawyer and Bruce is
a professor at Queen's University in the
law school there and I met them both
when we were when we manifested a mutual
interest last year in bill C 16 which we
all regarded as a piece of legislation
that was infringing on the rights to
free speech of Canadian individuals in a
manner that hadn't been ever attempted
before and more recently the Law Society
of Upper Canada soon to be known as the
Law Society of Ontario has put forward a
requirement for all of its members so
all of the lawyers in Ontario to produce
a document of principle that we all have
been talking about the three of us have
been talking about that we regard as a
another but far more egregious example
of compelled speech so I'm going to let
Jared introduce himself and say a little
bit about who he is
he testified with me at the Canadian
Senate last year and Bruce party also
testified at the Senate on Bill c16 and
Bruce was also the lawyer that I debated
he played devil's advocate at Queen's
University of some of you watching this
will be familiar with that video so
Jared oh let you introduce yourself and
then Bruce and then Bruce Bruce recently
wrote a column for the now she will post
on this new requirement by the Law
Society and so we're going to let him
begin the discussion proper on to you
Jared I'm an everyday litigator I'm a
commercial litigator in Toronto I've
been practicing for about 15 years doing
increasingly more and more human race
tribunal work things like that and
obviously stepped into the breach on c16
and as far as I can tell I may have been
the only practicing lawyer that
actually spoke out against the
legislation there were certainly a lot
of lawyers including the Canadian Bar
Association that were arraigned in favor
of the legislation but as far as I can
tell boots on the ground I think I was
the only one so I've got a pretty benign
practice but but certainly have taken up
the fight of people Bruce thanks for
well this this issue arose for me a
couple of weeks ago when I received an
email from the Law Society and all
lawyers get these emails to do various
things but this was different because it
announced a new requirement for this
year now Jared I think was aware of this
developing but before I was but but like
many other lawyers in the province this
is was the first indication that this
new requirement existed and essentially
the email said but one of the things
that said amongst others was that every
licensed lawyer now is required to draft
and submit what they are calling a
statement of principles and that
statement is is required to express your
agreement and the value you place on
inclusion diversity and equality and the
fact that you will actively promote
those values and that's me just sprung
off the screen as a radius example of
forced speech of the same kind that we
were talking about under ability 16 but
but worse this one actually requires you
to make a full-fledged statement that
will be subject to their approval in
order to maintain your license in other
words this is not a matter of it being
suggested to you that you might also
want to do this this is a condition of
your ability to practice law in the
province of Ontario so this destruct me
as a matter that needed to be a
publicly I needed to be discussed
amongst lawyers in the province because
this is a a slow march to a dark place I
think and that's where it all began
yeah well it was concerning to me when I
encountered this I mean I'm the member
of a college as well a college of
psychologists and my sense of this is
that if the lawyers fall stand and and
go along with this the probability that
this will be required of every
professional in Ontario and then very
rapidly every professional in Canada is
extremely high because if the lawyers
who are you know a relatively
disagreeable Bunch and who are very
familiar with the law and with common
law in general are willing to have their
political beliefs dictated to them by
their college then the probability that
the rest of us will be able to withstand
that I think is extremely low well as
strong a strong independent bar is
always supposed to be the defense or at
least one line of defense against
tyranny or against government overreach
and and by having the lawyers through
under the guise of their regulatory body
being compelled to speak or or share
opinions it's obviously something scary
and I think it's something that lawyers
should wake up to and they need to push
back against compelled speech which was
obviously the issue on c16 is a
particularly nefarious infringement and
intrusion yeah well I mean it's one
thing to put restrictions on what people
can say I mean I know you can't insight
someone to crime for example but it's a
completely different thing to require
people to espouse a particular political
stance especially when when it's being
reviewed by what's essentially an
arbitrary committee and and when the
punishment is socha as draconian as us
potentially losing your right to
practice and that that's enforced as a
mandatory like the first step was to
make that mandatory rather than as a
suggestion and so let's let's just
emphasize at this point the distinction
between restrictions on speech which
which are not good things and hour
debatable and so on but this is a
category impression this is compelled
speech this is a requirement that makes
you say something you may not agree with
and as I mentioned it'll be in the
column a statements from the Supreme
Court of Canada and maybe I'll just read
out one of those just just to make the
point because even the court has said
explicitly that that this is this is not
on in a in a free society you're here
the words of the Supreme Court forcing
someone to express opinions that they do
not have is to Tala terian and as such
alien to the tradition of free nations
like Canada even for the repression of
the most serious crimes which of course
is not in question here yeah that was
sorry Jordan that was that was the
cornerstone of not only the opinion
piece that I I put up on my website
about c16 but also in the cornerstone of
the presentation that was made to the
Senate is that this is a particularly
egregious infringement on freedom of
expression you're having to mouth
opinions and ideas that may not be your
own and the government is forcing you to
do it and obviously in this instance
you've got your regulatory body which
which holds your license in your ability
to carry on the livelihood in the chosen
profession that you're in telling you
that you've got to start voicing these
opinions so Jared wouldn't we talked
before to one of the things that you
pointed out and Bruce you had commented
on this as well is that you know the the
Law Society Administration theoretically
did some background work before deciding
that this was a necessity and they
produced a report essentially
proclaiming that the law people who are
practicing law in Ontario are
essentially racist in their orientation
which is why this this racist and
perhaps misogynist as well which is why
this piece of administrative let's call
it law or requirements has come into
practice but it isn't obvious that their
own data support that conclusion I mean
you can easily read what they wrote as
pretty providing pretty compelling
evidence that the legal profession the
demographics of
legal profession for what that's worth
you are transforming quite rapidly and
so the the thing that concerned me as
well from a psychological perspective
about this sort of thing is that lawyers
who agreed to participate in this
process are basically admitting their
racism and misogyny on a conscious and
unconscious basis as their by convicting
themselves like they're they're guilty
to begin with they and they don't have
an opportunity to prove their innocence
and by by going along with these
requirements they're basically admitting
through their action that the
accusations that are being thrown at
them both individually and as a
collective are are not only accurate but
require immediate remediation yeah well
I mean the the Rekha or the requirement
that's being rolled out right now is the
result of a I think it's about a 58 page
report that had 13 recommendations that
were passed by convocation which is the
governing body of the Law Society and
the report itself was entitled
strategies to address issues of systemic
racism I mean that statement on its own
is saying that our industry as well as
the law society organization itself is
systemically racist and and clearly
that's a to me I'm you know it's a very
bold statement and one that I think
requires some level of scrutiny you know
that the group that came up with this
report is an esteemed group these are
all highly respected well accomplished
individuals and and you know there is a
body of data that they've produced as
well as some qualitative anecdotal
stories as to some of the the issues
that are being faced by by what they
call racialized licensees I mean the
data is something that a lot of people
aren't going to look at but I do
encourage people to look at it and and
see what what the basis on that finding
that we're a systemic ly racist industry
and an obviously profession I encourage
people to look at it study the report I
can assure you that most most lawyers
won't 58 pages
something that happened back in December
but it there's there's a lot of shocking
information in there and there's
obviously some shocking findings but ya
know it's it's got me concerned because
my my industry has now been deemed
racist by the body that governs it yeah
one of the things that's really
appalling about that and I think and
also about the requirements for the
statement of principles is that there's
a pronounced ideological bent to them
and the first is the idea of systemic
racism because the way that you prove
systemic racism is is I would say let's
say call it questionable method
logically to say the least because the
basic concept is is that you divide the
population up by racial ethnic and sex
based identification which you can do in
a very large number of ways by the way
and then you compare any organization to
that population-based division and if
the the ratio of individuals categorized
in the general population isn't the same
as the ratio of individuals in that
profession then you can automatically
make a case for systemic racism and
that's a very very weak methodology no
credible scientist would regard that and
I go we would regard that as proof of
anything and worse I can't imagine that
anything any claim like that would stand
up in something resembling a court of
law if you know if it was possible to
take a group to court because there's
all sorts of reasons why there might be
differential representation in a group
and that and that is assuming that
that's what the data shows and in many
respects this actually not what this
data shows so I take your point about
the methodology but but even so even if
you accept that methodology it's not
crystal clear that that's what the
numbers actually suggest when I get back
for a moment to your to your implication
point I mean I agree that that the
requirement to make this statement in
this context essentially could be
interpreted as though you are required
to make a confession about what it is
you've done wrongly in the past and what
it is you will do now in the present
to correct it as an individual and there
is also the the trouble that once you
have written the statement so as to
comply with the requirement then you
have on the record a statement of what
it is that you believe and thereafter
your future actions can be compared to
that statement so as to show that you
are not acting in compliance with what
you have said you believe or that on one
occasion or the other you haven't been
telling the truth so some some I've
heard some lawyers say in response to
this requirement that oh well so this is
not a big deal because I'm just gonna
write the statement they'll put it in
the file
and sit in some corner of the law
society computer and who cares it's no
big deal
but it actually it is a very big deal
because there they are hurting you
towards both a certain way to think a
certain way to express yourself and in a
certain restriction on your behavior and
your expression in terms of how you what
you say you believe in in the future
about this kind of law and right but
also you're subscribing to this idea
that the system is racist that the that
the industry and the profession
themselves are racist and that to me
that implies hopelessly corrupt and that
shocks me and I don't think I want my
industry advertising that unless of
course you know we've got an issue here
and and it's not entirely clear to me
from reading the report that we do but I
mean Jordan may have some comments
obviously about writing writing a
statement and a declaration and what
that means but I just find that you know
having to affirm in a statement that our
industry is is hopelessly corrupt is
it's not something I'm willing to do at
this point well over the last year is
that apologizing or admitting guilt to
ideologue this is an unbelievably
dangerous thing to do
because all it's taken as as Bruce
basically alluded to is a statement of
guilt and you know the other problem
from a psychological perspective is that
and this this there's a very clear
psychological literature on this so know
if you have a particular
set of philosophical positions let's say
principles let's call them and maybe
your principles are something like
excellence meritocracy and honesty which
strike me as a better set of principles
for lawyers than diversity and equity
and inclusiveness not that those aren't
you know in in certain context and
carefully defined also important if you
write a statement of principle
especially one that's going to have to
pass muster then what will happen is you
will bring your beliefs and your actions
in line with that statement of principle
you'll do that unconsciously and there's
a bunch of reasons for that and one
reason is is that you've now made a
coherent and credible argument in favor
of that set of principles and you will
find that convincing because
articulating yourself in that manner
actually changes your character and the
second is is that it puts you in into a
position that's that's that's often
being described as cognitive dissonance
which is one of the most famous findings
in in psychology and cognitive
dissonance is the unpleasant feeling
that you get when you're holding two
opposing beliefs let's say at the same
time and you notice that and so the
cognitive dissonance here would be well
I'm just gonna write this statement of
principles what difference does it make
however that is a statement of
principles and so it's it's
intrinsically dishonest and and
character damaging to craft a statement
of principles with which you do not
agree and so then you can either regard
yourself as a coward and a liar or you
can bring your thinking in line with the
statement of principles and that if the
latter thing is what people tend to do
and so and then the idea that this is
just gonna sit in some musty file drawer
that's completely that's completely
naive in my estimation because basically
what's happening and I've seen this
happening with the creep of ethics
committees on the university campuses is
that once you decide that you're guilty
and that you're going to abide by a new
set of principles it now becomes
incumbent on the law society as a matter
of the intrinsic logic of the of the
movement to do things like check you out
on a year
your basis to see how your attitude and
behavior is actually in keeping with
your statement of principles it's not
just gonna hang there in the air it's
gonna be in the forest yes and that is
part of the transition I would say from
the Law Society regulating competence
regulating values I mean it used to be
at one point that the law study was
there to make sure that you had the
skills to be able to practice law and as
time has gone on they're there they're
overseeing is more and more in the area
of what it is that you think and whether
or not that thinking is appropriate and
one good comparison of this is the the
case involving the Trinity Western law
school the the graduates of that laws
because it is a private let's go out in
virtue and they require all their all
their faculty and students to sign on to
a pledge that contains certain values
they promise not to do certain things
like have premarital sex and all kinds
of other things the Law Society on the
basis I think that it is inappropriate
for an institution to impose values upon
to people within it have said that they
will not license graduates from that law
school
now you might agree or disagree with
that perspective but it is hypocritical
now that what they have done is the same
thing essentially except with the
different set of values they have indeed
impose a sentence on the people within
their own institution it's just that
they haven't chosen different values
which means that their objection to turn
your question was not really at all
about the imposition of the values they
just don't like the values the attorney
Western chose right yeah well it's
pretty ironic that the argument would be
made that an organization doesn't have
the right to impose its values on its
own it's voluntary participants which we
should point out because you certainly
don't have to go to Trinity Western or
signers agreement there's lots of law
schools you can go to whereas in this
particular situation you're basically I
mean to say that a gun is pointed to
your head is too dramatic obviously but
it's no joke to be faced with it with
the threat of losing your license and
also to have to undergo what would
essentially be a bureaucratic
Inquisition and those are not pleasant
those are seriously not pleasant if you
if you fail to comply no one there's
other there's other parts of us before
we leave turn your weapon can we just
underline what you just said which i
think is very important which is that
that the law society is essentially an
arm of the state it has coercive power
given to it by the state to license
lawyers and it is the gatekeeper so you
have no choice whereas as as you said
during the the association with Trinity
Western it's entirely voluntary if you
don't want to go to that school you
don't know that school and so it's it's
it's it's ironic in the extreme that it
is the law Society which is that which
has imposed such a requirement in
circumstances that is much more
objectionable than the Trinity Western
situation
yeah well it's it's quite it's quite
disconcerting to me to say the least
