of professors from Wilford Laurier to
talk about the Lindsay Shepard Scandal
and what happened with professor
rambucana and pimlot and administrator
Adria Joel Adria right Adria Joel who I
think is The Unsung
what would you call it the unsung
villain in this entire process because
she seems to have escaped relatively
unscathed even though I think her role
is more reprehensible than anyone else's
anyways why don't you guys introduce
yourself and talk about what you've been
doing at Wilford Laurie and also just
let everybody know why we're meeting
yeah well uh I'm Dave Haskell and I'm a
prophet Laurier I'm in the faculty of
liberal arts this is my colleague will
will how did we come into this whole
thing like this is this didn't just
happen with the Lindsay Affair like well
to background we support maximum freedom
of expression and we've really found
each other along with a few other
professors who feel the same way that we
do that free expression and free inquiry
is the core value of a university and
but sort of how do we run into each
other business school uh so my exposure
to faculty Arts is minimal and I've been
really sheltered from this
professionally but watching what's
happening in the U.S watching what was
happening to you at UT I'm a grad I did
my PhD here and
um
it was in January that uh our University
leadership sent out an email
um explaining to The Faculty how to
think about the Trump travel ban and
declaring uh it's its commitment to
diversity equity and uh inclusivity and
I was really offended by that that they
would see fit to pronounce on a
political issue in another country uh
offended why
I I'm I got a PhD I'm able to reach my
own conclusions uh about whether these
things are good or bad I don't need my
Administration preaching to me about the
right way to think about an issue a
political issue particularly and so so
why do you think they did that well and
and what do you think they were thinking
when they did that because that sort of
seems self-evident right it's not the
administration's role to dictate a
political stance to The Faculty that's
just clearly not their role so what do
you think they were thinking it would it
seemed like a manifestation of trump
derangement syndrome it seemed like just
the the same reaction that the the
Democrats in the US were having that
they lost to this horrible person and
they couldn't understand why and it was
so reprehensible and here was yet
another
terrible thing that he was doing and we
must all agree how bad it was well I
mean even if the funny thing is even if
you can make that case and say
personally and even socially the idea
that you could make that case and then
be University Administration and then
tell your faculty to think that way I
mean that's taking it in a whole
different that's taking it to a whole
whole different level of presump
presumptuousness did that come from our
Administration or from the diversity and
Equity from the administration from the
leadership the university leadership is
that right
I remember the uh it's confusing because
I remember we also got an email from the
diversity and Equity office when when
Trump won and they said that they've
created a safe space and they were going
to be open for extra hours in case
anybody needed to go and find uh Comfort
right that happened a lot in the United
States eh but you think at least the
Americans have some justification for it
given that it's their country I mean we
need safe spaces because a conservative
was elected in the United States in the
in not even in our country it does seem
to be a little bit on the Absurd side
well it's just to me you know they
didn't send out an email when Justin
Trudeau won and I have to imagine that
there were some students who were
offended like there's got to be
conservative students at Laurier but
it's it's very much a one-sided
conversation when we talk about
Administration when we talk about the
diversity and Equity office they talk
about diversity but they really don't
mean it because they do not want those
students who are ideologically diverse
they talk about inclusion but they
purposely will exclude those students
and an email like that is proof positive
of that kind of exclusion but didn't so
well that was that was the thing that
just got me hopping mad and I was
emailing back and forth with a colleague
of Queens uh and we were talking about
the importance of free speech and this
had outraged me and uh and he sent me a
link to a Star article that David had
written this is now maybe a month later
in February or March about uh this guest
speaker oh Daniel robotic yeah yeah yeah
yeah and that she couldn't speak and was
she was she uh umeshi's lawyer yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah so merely because she
served as a defense lawyer for someone
she was pilloried well this was another
like when people look at the Lindsay
Shepard Affair this is not an isolated
case at Wilford Laurier this is
something that is
it is a regular occurrence and now it
isn't always as high profile but whether
it's students in my office saying I
can't speak whether it's my colleague
sometimes saying to their students who
believes that they're stifled and every
hand goes up and there have been cases
of that colleagues have come and told me
but we've got these other examples like
when Daniel robatai came to speak at the
Brantford Campus of Wilford Laurier and
some students agitated until she was
forced not to do so and and my my
president right we should provide some
background so that was the gomeshi case
right and so ganeshi was a CBC
journalist who was accused of sexual
assault and sexual misbehavior by a
number of people who was immediately let
go at CBC who has dragged viciously
through the Press I would say and then
was
um
found innocent
in the courts and and but and he had a
defense lawyer and the defense lawyer
had been invited to speak yes she was
part of the defense team she was going
to speak and she wasn't going to speak
about the gomeshi trial in fact she was
going to talk about what it's like to be
a high power powerful lawyer
um in in the big city in Toronto and I
mean that would have been really
valuable for the criminology students
but the students who were agitating
against her really with the support of
several professors uh they were saying
well no if she comes on it will trigger
students it will um it will mentally
harm students and so that was used as
justification for the interesting too to
be to see that these claims of harm and
so forth are are generally put forth by
people who have no clinical expertise
whatsoever and their idea is that the
way that you
first of all that the way to Aid
people's mental health is to protect
them and there's no evidence for that
whatsoever and the second is that
in your attempts to protect them the
best thing to do is to shelter them from
exposure to ideas that would be
challenging or frightening which is
precisely the opposite of what a
clinician does when he's trying to or
she is trying to deal with someone who
has excess anxiety what you do
in a case where someone who has excess
anxiety even as a consequence of a
trauma let's say is you get them to
voluntarily expose themselves to
increasingly larger doses of exactly
what frightens them that's the Curative
root so not only is it
um advice that's being disseminated Say
by people who aren't clinicians it's
actually advice that's being
disseminated who are promoting the
opposite of what an informed clinician
would do and it isn't that isn't my
opinion that's that that's as close to a
consensus as anything you could reach
among clinical practitioners right one
the rules for clinical Improvement is
get your story straight something like
that talk about your past sort it out
and expose yourself to the things that
you're afraid of that you're inclined to
avoid that's the pathway to to
resilience and more robust mental health
okay so tell us the story a bit you guys
have an inside view of what's happened
on the Wilford Laurier campus since the
the Lindsay Shepard Affair broke I
should just say that you know after this
robita event I read David's piece and
immediately emailed him and just said
and that's how hindrance right and uh we
met and we had lunch uh and uh and and
just talked about the you know free
speech in the Chicago statement and how
can we get it implemented the university
but we just couldn't see any way forward
and really right so that's another thing
we want to discuss you guys have
Rewritten the Chicago statement right so
that it's more appropriate in a Canadian
context right we call it the Laurier
Laurier statement for freedom of
expression okay okay and you've been
trying to convince or or you're trying
to being tried you've been trying to
communicate with the university
authorities to have that ratified
essentially adopted as a statement of
principles and have you had any success
with that or what's the consequence they
deferred to a task force that's that's
uh going to be held uh and we can
certainly okay and is that in the
aftermath of the shepherd Affair is that
going to be part of it really do
anything over the summer just because it
just seemed too big a mountain uh and
there seemed to be no way to introduce
the idea right catalyst forward now
you've got your Catalyst and Lindsay
Shepard becomes the Catalyst and oh my
goodness and and you know what
what uh object lesson in what goes on at
Laurier but also what an object lesson
and how you handle these Free Speech
opponents uh she's really given a model
that other students I hope will follow
but it was it was through this robotic
thing that we got to know each other and
and a few others yeah there's a couple
more of you that's right yeah and and so
about five I think you told me that's
right so so the robot eye incident
really brought us out of the woodwork we
started to chat and say you know we see
this problem on our University we don't
know what to do and then when the
Lindsay Shepard Scandal broke uh we all
immediately we were emailing us it's
happened again is essentially what we
were saying we said we've got to do
something about this uh I'd already
the I was out on a on a trip and I came
home and I said to my wife where are the
newspapers this was uh November 12th
when the story broke Christy
blatchford's story and I said hey honey
where are the newspaper she said I can't
let you see them I said why not she said
you cannot read the papers and of course
it was because Christy blatchford's
article was in there so as soon as I
read it I I was beside myself I thought
it's happened again and this time this
is really terrible they've attacked a TA
is what they've done so I contacted with
the full force of the administration and
and claims that she had done mental harm
broken two laws two laws Federal and
provincial
sincerely worried that they were going
to Railroad this young lady or they
could have easily taken her to the
Ontario Human Rights Commission they
would have had a field day what was
going to happen I contacted Christy
blatsford I said can you put me in touch
with her she was kind enough to do so I
got in touch with Lindsay and I said
I know that this is a terrible time but
you've got a professor who supports you
I knew that these gentlemen also would
uh and then quickly I as quickly as I
could I wrote an op-ed for the Toronto
Star that week just again saying this is
happening the world needs to be aware of
it but it was really after that uh that
Monday after the story broke on the
Saturday we started to talk and and how
can we how can we assist Lindsay and and
how can we well the op-ed helped and the
fact that the star ran it was quite
remarkable as well so hooray to the star
the star really does want to do its best
to Champion free expression yeah well
you'd think journalists would actually
be concerned about that to some degree
well and I think they are like one of
the things that's happened to me in the
last year is that although the Press
coverage of what I did and just to
remind people so last year I made a
video about Bill c-16 which was the bill
whose Provisions Lindsay Shepard
theoretically transgressed against just
to be clear about that and when I first
made the video I was a kid used by all
sorts of people including journalists of
well first of all making unnecessary
noise and being unnecessarily alarmist
which were the minor accusations and
then the more major accusations were
that you know I was all the things that
you'd expect at far right
um agitator to be a bigot in a
transphobian a racist and all of these
things and so but what what was
interesting was that the journalists by
and large especially the main
journalists turned around on that issue
really quickly it was probably within
three weeks because what happened was a
couple of them actually went and read
the policy documents that I had referred
to on the Ontario Human Rights
Commission website which are still there
and which are still appalling and have
led exactly to this situation with
Lindsay and as soon as they read what I
had been
uh uh what what outing let's say in my
video then they started to understand
that this what that I wasn't just
ringing a bell for no reason at all it
was actually reasonable I think of
people to go after me to begin with
because Canada is such a safe and
peaceful place in our political
situation an economic situation is being
so stable that when someone comes out
and says look we're in danger of making
a major error The Logical First Response
should be no there's something wrong
with you it's like we're fine there's
something wrong with you I was just
trying to protect these people right
exactly well and and so it's reasonable
I think it was reasonable for me to be
hit hard in the aftermath of doing that
because well generally speaking
whistleblowers in Canada are alarmists
in Canada have very little to be
alarmist about right but this this okay
so now so fine so this thing happened
with Lindsay what what have you seen
happening on the Wilford Laurier campus
things that I'm not particularly proud
of I I would say I mean I knew that will
and some other colleagues were going to
come to the aid of Lindsay but I was
thinking that once her recording became
public that we would just have a flood
of professors coming to support our
cause which is we had a Laurier
statement for freedom of expression
modeled on the Chicago statement we
thought that immediately people would
just say of course we need to reinforce
that this needs to be the primary
Mission free expression free inquiry
needs to be the primary Mission and we
got that up pretty fast we really did in
about 10 days uh and and got it on
change.org and then where I was emailing
everybody that I knew and trying to get
people interested and I would say out of
50 emails I sent I got 15 signatures
from personal uh relationships so even
with personal relationships you could
only get a 30 hit rate so what do you
think's stopping professors from signing
that say or clambering on board
especially in the aftermath of the
shepherd record recording which we
should point out you know and this is
one of the things that's very
interesting is that
outside
Wilford Laurier and perhaps outside
universities that are in the same boat
the reaction to that
recording was Universal right and
National and international and uniform
and the reaction was what the hell this
is scandalous there's nothing about this
that is acceptable right and so what's
what struck me as so remarkable is that
even though there's been International
outrage over this and and very and not
and and outrage of A Sort that's only
been disputed by a very small number of
people at least to begin with Wilfred
Laurier responded on Moss let's say as
if this was somehow debatable you know
as if there were two sides of the story
here let's say and I thought well I
thought rambucana and pimlot who were
the professors did what they did I
thought was appalling
for in upgrading her and in the manner
in which they did it and in the language
that they used but I thought what was
truly terrifying was the presence of
Adria Joel at that Inquisition because
she was a administrator who was hired
specifically to do exactly what she was
doing by legislated necessity on the
part of the Ontario liberal government
right because it wasn't just the
university that was involved in this her
position was set up because of
legislative necessity which is something
also to keep in mind when we're going
after the universities okay so you had a
hard time getting faculty on board how
many faculty members did sign it 59 is
it yeah out of out of how many faculty
550 full-time and now and so you say
well what what's going on with them well
I think that some maybe I know this is
hard to believe but maybe unaware even
now I think there's a big proportion
that are unaware I I it's unbelievable
is that it is I think that okay well
that's its own Mystery because I I don't
know where you'd have to have been in
the now last month to not have noticed
that this has happened that people
perhaps in The Sciences the Computer
Sciences the math they they've got their
head down and they're they're doing
their research and and so and so I don't
think there's anything diabolical there
I think that business as well I've got
very few signatures from the the
business faculty I mean some but uh a
lot of people just aren't engaged it's a
bit of a commuter school a little bit
and so I think people are just getting
on with their research and their
teaching maybe not aware of the problem
well that's that's an interesting thing
in and of itself because I think part of
What's led to the occupation of the
University let's say by the radical
post-modern types is the proclivity of
the scientists in particular but also I
would say the more serious Scholars to
be focusing near thoroughly on their
field of inquiry which is essentially
what they should be doing and not paying
attention to any of the broader
contextual issues which is actually a
perfectly fine strategy when things are
going well but a terrible strategy when
they're not and what you also see so
we've got these people who might not be
aware
and we've got the few who are aware and
are supporting maximum free expression
but then you've got these other people
who are convinced that maximum free
expression free inquiry is not a good
thing for a university and and those
people are definitely congregated within
the Arts and the humanities and they
