[Music]
okay
[Applause]
thank you all for coming out
well good evening Dublin as you've just
heard
Jordan pizza and Sam Harris met the
first time in person two weeks ago now
in Vancouver they covered an enormous
amount of ground and there is I think an
enormous amount of ground still to cover
but I've asked them if they would start
this evening in the following way you're
all familiar with straw Manning anyone
who follows politics knows straw Manning
but I've asked them to do the opposite
tonight to start by Steele Manning the
arguments of each other to present in
the best possible most fair most
rigorous light what they understand to
be the others argument on all of the
major issues were about to discuss
I'm gonna ask Sam Harris to go first and
we're gonna go from there right thank
you so first thank you all for coming
it's really it's an immense privilege
for us to do this and I should say many
of you have sacrificed a lot to come
here people have come from other
countries I'm told you all dealt with a
ticketing system that seems like it was
run from a cave in Afghanistan it's so
again thank you all because it's you
know it's it's one thing for us to put
this date on the calendar and say we're
gonna speak here it's another for all of
you to show up and this is a privilege
we certainly don't take for granted so
and it's an immense one so short and and
I should say that though much of our
conversation together will often sound
like we're debating it will definitely
there none of us are in the in the habit
of pulling our punches there's an
immense amount of goodwill here and it's
it's true on stage it's true off stage
and we're all trying to refine our
beliefs together in conversation so this
wooden none of us view this as a debate
though we might stridently disagree
about one thing or another what so what
Jordan I think disagrees with me about I
think he's worried that I we clearly
have a common project we are both
concerned to understand how to live
lives worth living how can we do this
individually and how can we build
societies that safeguard this project
for millions of people attempting to do
this in in their diverse ways and so so
many questions immediately come online
when you try to do that but what is the
relationship between facts and values
for instance or science and spiritual
experience or our ethical lives and we
have you know as for the moment
different answers to those questions
Jordan is concerned
I in my allergy to religion
insufficiently value the power of
stories in general and religious stories
in particular that there's there's
something more than just naked ly
engaging with facts as they are but we
don't simply come into contact with
reality we have to interpret reality we
interpret it through our senses and and
with our brains obviously but you need
frameworks and as jordan would say
stories with which to do that you don't
get facts in the raw and jordan believes
that i because my purpose so often is to
counter what i view as the dangerous
dogmas within religion i ignore the the
power and even the necessity of certain
kinds of stories and certain ways of
thinking about the world and our
situation in the world that that not
only bring many many millions and even
billions of people immense value are in
fact necessary for anyone however
rational to build a society where all of
our our well-being can can be conserved
so i think if in brief that's that's
jordan's concerned about me
so Sam is concerned I would say above
all with the minimization of unnecessary
suffering which seems to me to be a
pretty good place to start
and he's concerned that he's concerned
that in order to do that we need to
develop an ethic and that ethic should
be grounded in that realization that
unnecessary suffering is worth
contending with and dealing with and
that and that if we make too much of the
divide between facts and values then we
end up in a situation where our value
structure has no super subordinate
foundational grounding and this is a big
problem so generally in the
philosophical community it's accepted
although not universally that it's
difficult if not impossible to derive
values from facts but the problem with
that proposition is that you end up in a
situation where either you lose all your
values because they're just arbitrary or
you or you have to ground them in
something that isn't that that's what's
revelatory and Sam is concerned that one
of the negative consequences of
grounding your fundamental ethic in
something that's revealed is the
emergent consequence of irrational
fundamentalism and so obviously that's
worth contending with and so he's taking
issue with the philosophical idea that
facts and values have to be separate and
formulating the proposition that we can
in fact ground a universal system of
values in the facts and that we can
mediate between the facts and the system
of values using using our facility for
truth but even more specifically our
facility for rationality and that
rationality can be the mediator between
the world of facts and the world and the
world of values and so the problem I
have with that I guess if if we can skip
briefly to problems is that it isn't
obvious to me how to produce an ethos
with sufficient motivating power
to to ground that conception of the
minimization of suffering say and the
promotion of well-being in a way that's
that grips people and unites the society
and so I think that's that's part of
what we're discussing and trying to sort
out with regards to the potential role
of narrative and religious belief as an
underpinning to this ethos we seem to
agree on the necessity for the universal
ethos we even seem to agree I would say
on what that is because certainly the
minimization of suffering seems to me to
be a very good place to start we share
our concern with and a belief that the
pathway to that ethos is in some manner
related to our ability to speak the
truth but we disagree on what that has
to be grounded in and how it has to be
grounded my sense especially after
thinking about our discussion is that
Sam makes what rationality is do too
much work and I'm hoping that not that
rationality is irrelevant or unimportant
because it clearly is neither of those
but maybe the Devils in the details and
hopefully we can get down to the details
tonight and we we for me we brought
Douglas into the conversation he's here
to serve as much more than a mere
moderator and partly we've determined
that as Sam alluded to that what we're
actually trying to figure out is what
are the minimal necessary preconditions
for the construction of engaged
productive individuals with meaningful
responsible lives in a society that's
stable enough to sustain itself and
dynamic enough to change what are the
minimal preconditions for that what are
the and and and how do we ground those
presuppositions those preconditions and
what price do we pay for for having them
because you never get something without
a cost and we thought that Douglass
would be very interesting addition to
this conversation because of course he's
concentrated on such things as borders
and when you set up preconditions for
social order you also automatically
produce such things as hierarchies and
borders and they don't come without a
cost and so we hope
expand the conversation to include a
discussion of those issues as well yeah
before Douglass chimes in I just want to
reiterate the fact that he has not been
cast here as our moderator though if
Jordan and I run off the rails I expect
Douglas to put us back on in the King's
English
I'm not moderate enough to be a moderate
no but you're more moderate than either
of us are but so I want I want you to
reset the part of your brain that is
poised to begrudge the moderator taking
up too much time because every moderator
has felt that and Fred Weinstein was
brilliantly aloof and uninvolved in much
of our exchange together but but Douglas
really is a third participant here and
and he stands between Jordan and I on
some issues in an interesting way so
that there say we have a three-way
conversation here where none of us is
really sitting in the same spot so can I
make a quick observation about some of
this some of the progress that you've
already made in Vancouver some of the
progress I hope we can make tonight
seems to be I see one thing that hampers
it and let me go straight to it with Sam
which is I discovered the terrific
phrase the other day that our mutual
friend Eric Weinstein came up with we're
talking about the manner in which you
can discuss within the sciences certain
scientific problems and he said look if
you've got a scientist who you know is
also basically a very literalist
Christian you will listen to their
argument a whole long part of the way
and there's some where at the end of it
you know you're going to be worried
about it and he came up with this phrase
I've I love this face he says Jesus
smuggling right
Jesus smuggling is you're gonna follow
all the way yes yes and then the worry
is that when you get to the bit that
you're not so good on that's when
they're gonna smuggle in Jesus yeah my
suspicion is that you have a reservation
about some of what Jordan is saying
substructures on stories are much more
because you're worried but at some point
either on this stage or off it at some
point when you're not looking
no no yes or when I am looking it's
going to Jesus smuggle yeah yeah just
carry him in on a cross well that is an
all too apt analogy because it's it is
what worries me and it's but it's it's
more subtle than that because it's not
just to think that you're consciously
doing it is is a different claim like
you there's I don't think there's
anything insincere about your argument
for the for the importance of religion
but it's it's also possible we've all
met the people who we believe are making
insincere arguments and are really
they're they're consciously putting the
rabbit in the Hat and then pretending to
be surprised when it pops out right and
and in the analogy of magic is actually
interesting here because we be in a we
had over dinner we're talking about the
the the difference between real and fake
art and we were talking about this
parrot is paradox that art seems to be
incredibly valuable and yet the value
isn't located in the object itself or
can't be obviously located there because
a forgery
that is the materially the exact copy of
some masterpiece is essentially
worthless and the real masterpiece even
if it suffered some damage would be
incredibly valuable and so where is the
value to be located but what worries me
about your enterprise Jordan and the way
in which your you seem to be linking our
national project in our scientific
project where the religion is is right
here there's there's a difference
between and magic as a decent analogy
there's a difference between
paradoxically real magic is fake magic
and fake magic is real magic the only
the only real magic in the world the
produced by magicians is the fake magic
where the magician like someone like
Darren Brown will tell you actually no I
can't read minds and I did put the
rabbit in the Hat and this is fake but
but the the surprise is that even
knowing it's fake you can't understand
how this effect is being achieved
whereas the fake magicians are the ones
who are pretending to be real who are
who are hiding who are not acknowledging
the mechanics the real mechanics behind
what is in fact effective you know the
illusion of the rabbit pops out of the
Hat and what I worry with with some of
you or the way in which you discuss the
power of story the power of metaphor and
the religious anchor in there is that
the the leverage and the utility can be
had even while acknowledging the real
mechanics of it you know the fake the
fakeness of the magic right and you seem
to suspect that it can - that takes all
of them wind out of the sails I'm not so
sure I'm not so sure what if it's fake
and what if it isn't well like what so I
would say that I do consciously
participate in the process that you
described and but but you see I would
also make the case and this is certainly
one of the things that we've been we've
been discussing that you do it
unconsciously and let me make the case
for that Freeman because I'd really I've
been thinking about it a lot and I'd
like to see your response so here's here
what I really read the moral landscape a
lot and I thought about it a lot you
know and so this is what it looks like
to me so you you you make the
proposition that we have to breach the
gap between facts and values because
otherwise our values are left hanging
unmoored and that certainly brings about
the danger of nihilism but also a
potential danger of swings that hotel
the tourism something will you bring
about right Rudy
believe that and then you perform an
operation conceptual operation and you
say surely we can all agree that and
then you outline a story about this
woman who lives in this horrible country
and who's basically just being starved
and disease ridden and tortured her
whole life and having just a hell of a
time of it to put it in a phrase and
then you say well surely we can all
agree that that's not good and then you
contrast that with at least in principle
the sort of life that we would all like
to have if we could choose the life that
we have and then you say well we could
start with the proposition that we
should move away from this this terrible
hellish circumstance and we should move
towards this more ideal perspective and
you say if we could only agree on that
then and so and so like so far so good
but this is this is there's there's a
couple of things that go along with that
that are quite interesting and so the
first is that actually what you're
claiming is that the highest moral good
isn't existing in that better space the
highest moral good is acting in the
manner that moves us from the hellish
domain to the desirable domain it seems
to me to be implicit in your argument so
there's a pattern of behavior that
constitutes the ethic well I would say
that existing and that's in that better
space is good enough as well as I mean
that there's the there's the question of
what it takes to move from where you are
to someplace better and then there's
just the someplace that's better
both of yes well but but we perhaps we
could say look what's the ultimate hell
it might be existing in the hell that
you describe but it also might be this
is something worse I think I think that
participating in the process that brings
about that hell is actually a hell
that's even deeper than the hell
so it's an analogous argument there's
the state of being in a good state but
there's also the state of being that
brings you to that good state and then
there's the state of being that's in a
that's a terrible state and the process
that brings you to that terrible state
and one of the things that I've learned
from the archetypal and religious texts
that I've studied as well as the
philosophical texts is that the process
that transforms society into
thing approximating hell is a lower hell
no well the reason well let me just
close the loop on that because I'm
pretty sure I disagree one you can
imagine to counter examples one is you
can imagine a sadistic being a you might
even call him God who would create a
circumstance of Hell and populate it
with innocent souls right now that's
presumably that action it need not be
attended by a lot of suffering or you
could imagine some no but it's still
it's still wrong wrong yes no you could
even imagine someone who enjoys generate
exactly yes it could yes so that would
even be more wrong than not enjoying it
right okay so we want to separate out
two things we want to separate out these
states of being and the process that
brings them into being and I do believe
you do that in your work because
basically what you suggest is that the
appropriate way to act ethically is to
act in a manner that moves us away from
hell and moves us towards a desirable
state now the thing is is that as far as
I'm concerned there's a couple of things
about that the first thing is that I
wouldn't say that that mode of acting is
a fact I would say it's a personality
and that what you're suggesting is that
people embody the personality that moves
Society away from Hell towards heaven
for lack of a better term and the reason
terms and the reason I make that
argument is because I think that you
recapitulate the essential Christian
message precisely by doing that because
symbolically speaking at least as far as
I can understand stripped of its
religious quality of its metaphysical
context let's say that the purpose of
positing the the the the vision of the
ideal human being which independent of
the metaphysical context it's certainly
what the symbol of Christ represents is
the mode of being that moves us most
effectively from something approximating
hell to something approximating heaven
and then part of that part of that
message is and this is also something
that's dead along the lines of what
you're arguing is that the best way to
embody that is actually to live in truth
I mean so because I would say that the
fundamental Christian ethic metaphysics
accepted once again is to act in love
which is to assume that being is
acceptable and can be perfected and to
person
do that with truth and that you should
embody that and then I would say that
the purpose of the representation we
could call the meta fictions or our
archetypal representations is to show
that is in embodied format so that it
can be imitated rather than to transform
it into something that's diluted in some
sense to to an abstract rationality
because I don't think the abstract
rationality in itself has enough flesh
on it so to speak which is partly why in
the Christian ethic there's an emphasis
that the word which is something roughly
akin to rationality has two main has to
be made flesh it has to be enacted but
is the is the flesh made of dogmatism
and superstition and other worldliness
is that part of what gives it its shape
and necessity I think traditionally
historically it has been and that's been
the problem with religion if you if you
dilute it of everything that is
unjustifiable in the light of 21st
century science and rationality I think
you what you have to get down to is
something quite a bit more Universal and
less provincial than any specific
religion Christianity per se
well it's interesting too though that
you know one of the one of the things
one of the points that you do make is
that you do appeal to or assume the
existence of a transcendental internal
ethics something like that which I would
say by the way since we're going down
this direction seems to me to be
something very akin to the idea of the
holy spirit which is something like the
