[Music]
it's presidents week here on the Rubin
report and we're partnering with learn
Liberty to bring you five shows in five
days each highlighting a different
President of the United States joining
me today is an associate professor of
history at Sam Houston State and the
co-author of JFK and the Reagan
Revolution a secret history of American
prosperity Brian to be trovich welcome
to the Rubin report it's great to bear
Dmitrievich Dimitra vick usually i said
with a heart state Dimitra vick Demetra
vick okay I was a big fan of drazen
petrovic yeah who is a basketball player
from Croatia and the in the early 90s
but some people said Petro Vic and I
could never tell Rudy Tomjanovich the
old coach yeah it's properly a hot check
at the C so I'm heretical rudakov
knowledge that 95 Houston rocket team is
my favorite basketball team of all time
Clyde Drexler right there there you go
Houston guy do you alright I could talk
basketball the entire time but let's
talk presidents by the title of your
book we could probably talk about Regan
just as easily as we could talk about
JFK who we're gonna talk about do you
have a do the preference out of those
two well our book JFK in the Reagan
Revolution really is two-thirds
three-quarters about John F Kennedy
because we've forgotten that John F
Kennedy paved the way for the Reagan
Revolution in this big tax cut alright
so JFK since you spent two thirds of it
on JFK that's the guy we're gonna talk
about I find with JFK that what it seems
that most at least younger people no say
under 45 is 50 or something like that
they know a lot about the assassination
you know History Channel runs the
documentaries all the time you can watch
the movie JFK zillion other things that
are out there but there's obviously a
lot more to JFK than than just the
unfortunate ending so let's start at the
beginning what do we need to know about
early childhood the the Kennedy family
etcetera Terry let's start with
childhood sure ill John F Kennedy was
born in May of 1917 in a very important
family a family that was becoming one of
the richest in the United States his
father Joseph P Kennedy at that point in
the teens had graduated from Harvard
about ten years before was building his
fortune I would within Kennedy's
childhood before he turned 15 his father
had become one of the richest men in the
country and actually just a peak Kennedy
made most of his money in what we call
the great contraction the worst period
of American economic history from 1929
to 1933 when he short sold the market
and that's really when the Kennedys
became the one of the top richest
families in the United States so how
political was the Kennedy family at that
time yeah I mean it was pretty political
Joseph P Kennedy john f kennedy's father
had married the daughter of an important
boston politician and then Joseph P was
not involved in politics until FDR
Franklin Roosevelt appointed him the
first head of the Securities Exchange
Commission in 1934 and then he became a
big Roosevelt Democrat so that was the
sort of beginning of the dynasty yeah in
the candidate name yes yeah so JFK then
tell me a little bit about sort of his
evolution from a young person to
starting to become a politician yeah so
John
JFK was the second son so there was the
Chesapeake Kennedy jr. who would be
killed in World War two and he wasn't a
good student in prep school and he went
to Princeton actually for a semester
didn't do well there then went to
Harvard did not do particularly well
until his senior year probably
plagiarized his thesis which then
somehow sold 80,000 copies as a book
when it was published but with his
father's help really tell me a little
more about that I haven't heard that one
oh yeah yeah yeah
so John F Kennedy his father in 1938-39
I guess this would have been at that
point was the ambassador to the court of
st. James it was the US ambassador to
Great Britain and was very interested in
the United States fighting the Soviet
Union and not necessarily fighting Nazi
Germany and so that kind of caused
diplomatic problems with FDR's foreign
policy but JFK had extraordinary access
to the files and so he wrote a thesis
that was probably substantially ghost
written about how England was dealing
with the Germany crisis Wow and then and
then it was published as a book and it
sold about 80,000 copies of course
Kennedy would publish another growth
profile is encouraged and Joseph he
would pull strings so it won the
Pulitzer yeah it's good to come from
shamily it is pretty good so tell me a
little bit more about how he then
decided to get into about developing
yeah well I the decisive event really
was the death of his brother in 1944
Joseph Peake Kennedy jr. killed in World
War two because really all the hopes
were on on this son and he apparently
was a very impressive guy if you look at
old pictures of the son Joe he was even
way better-looking than JFK he was kind
of bigger JFK was always kind of skinny
and it really devastated the father when
he was killed in the war and they
realize oh boy Jack he's gonna be the
one where we're gonna have all these
political hopes on and the father did
not have high hopes for Ted at that
point - Robert Robert maybe but right
after Kennedy got out of the war of
course he had his distinguished war
career - he ran for Congress in 1946 his
father pulled a lot of strings and he
won a seat in Brookline Massachusetts he
was in the US House
what does pull a lot of strings mean
because I just find the dynasty part of
this fascinating the idea that they're
sort of grooming children that the power
elite can sort of help people get into
play here well pull a lot of strings in
the 1946 election for example so on the
ballot Kennedy was running against a
particular opponents his father found
somebody else with the exact same name
and put that guy's name on the ballot
and then had a whole publicity campaign
for that guy's name I forget the exact
name to be voted for so that that would
split the vote that takes a lot of money
and a lot of kind of naked ambition so
that's an example the kind of hardball
but he played so that's a slight sidebar
when you hear about all the you know
craziness involved in politics these
days and everyone know it's never been
worse and listen to the way people talk
and all that it's like a lot of shady
stuff has been going on for a long time
well I have no idea how we could look
and say the McCarthy era both how
McCarthy was treated and how McCarthy
treated others and say that politics was
warm and fuzzy back in the 40s and the
50s I have no idea how we could say that
yeah so did JFK do you think he had
presidential aspirations then when he
started this this was sort of thrust on
him and he and he became a congressman
but was here already thinking about that
do you think I think so in that it was
well under
that Joe jr. was going to be something
like President of the United States and
so when that could not happen after his
death I think it became pretty clear to
the sons so there was still Jack Robert
and Teddy left and then I think six
girls that they had to take take that
place and so when he ran for Congress
yeah I mean it was to go onward and
upward yeah so he was a congressman do
you know how many years was he a
congressman right up until he ran from
president he was a US Representative
from Brooklyn Massachusetts from from 46
to 52 and then he won a US Senate seat
in Massachusetts bucking the Eisenhower
trend because he ran on the Democratic
side so he was one of the few Democratic
victories in the 1952 election so then
he was a senator for eight years before
he became president yeah did he have any
major accomplishments as a senator well
that's the interesting thing because
when we ask what were his major
accomplishments as presidents let's say
legislatively yeah
really comes down to maybe one or two
tax cut in the Civil Rights Act so
there's not a lot of like major
accomplishments in the whole Kennedy
biography the funny thing about his
career as a legislator in the Senate in
particular mrs. big enthusiasms were two
things number one he was going after the
mob okay which then his son Rob his
brother Robert would be big on and
number two he was an anti-communist in
foreign policy and that that's how he
distinguished himself as a senator yeah
so it's interesting that the
anti-communist part is interesting
because the parties have shifted so much
these days that I'm not saying the left
ever the Democrats are communists now
but that voice that sort of anti
socialism communism voice would rarely
be heard of from the moderate left which
does tell you how these things have
shifted Joseph P Kennedy his father
became persona non grata in the US
government when in 1938 39 he told
Franklin D Roosevelt from his high
position as ambassador in Great Britain
we don't have to worry about the Nazis
so much we have to worry about communism
because communism can overthrow the
American Way of life I think there's a
pretty direct link there to what his son
was doing in the 50s and 60s that's
interesting so he was he viewed it as
Nazism was in a
little threat not within our borders but
communism actually was something that
could come that was Jose feeling yeah
yeah it was kind of kind of prophetic
even is he was a new dealer and all that
he said well New Deal the New Deal could
help save capitalism that was an
erroneous argument but but Joseph P
Kennedy was worried about the onslaught
against capitalism by communism yeah
interesting so it sounds like the Senate
career was sort of less than spectacular
right it doesn't sound like anything
major happened
I think Kennedy was pretty careful he he
began his Senate career ailing he had
back surgery in 1953 as soon as he
became a senator and could not attend
the Senate he was in fact had to be
reclined for a very long time because of
his back injury and that's when he
decided to write profiles encourage his
1956 book 1955 when the appeal in 1956
about the Great's of the Senate over
time so because he was incapacitated he
wanted a show he was still doing Senate
work by writing about Senate history
right yeah god what a beautiful thing to
be in government you don't really have
to do anything and you can write about
the other guys they've done some stuff
it's it's an incredible thing alright
1960 it becomes president he defeats
Richard Nixon who was vice president at
the time I think the one thing that
people really remember is that debate oh
yeah because he was sort of this young
good-looking guy and there was Nixon
sweating is there anything else we have
to remember from from that elections
yeah that so I there was debate in
September 1960 and people always say
that Nixon won on the radio and lost on
televisions that if people just heard
his words or even read the transcript
that he defeated Kennedy but if he
looked on the television that's
black-and-white television and lots of
viewers Kennedy was the youthful bronze
which is probably from his Addison
syndrome not the suntan hero and Nixon
looked like a schlub yeah I don't know
ironic because it was in black and white
but helps and again that was from one of
his ailments yeah that wasn't from the
South Pacific so I don't know I've read
those transcripts and I think Kennedy
clearly won I mean Nixon was saying
things like oh there's been great
economic growth in this country we're
tipping into a recession right then
400,000 people were about to lose their
jobs in the month of October it makes
saying oh we've had the greatest
economic growth with have we've ever had
under Eisenhower I've been three
recessions under Eisenhower now I think
Nixon lost that debate on the transcript
as well
interesting so just to get a sense of
how parties have changed what was that
what were the basic tenants that JFK was
running on you know so John F Kennedy
didn't know what he wanted to run on
this is a classic Kennedy thing we know
we must be presidents the question is
what are we to run it yeah so it was
really the Democratic National Committee
or the putt that the convention that
summer they kind of defined for Kennedy
he had a lot to do with it of course
what the what he would run on and he
decided he would run that on that the
country was not growing enough and he
made his tag line we have to get this
country moving again we have all these
old slow people and governments and he
kept making the point that we have a lot
of recessions he was right there was a
recession in 1954 big one in 1957 and
then it was coming right then in 1960
and he said we got to get out of this
rut and he kept saying we have to get
this country moving again get this
country moving again so that was his
main thing and then he also talked about
after we out we have to get a little
tougher on communism because we're not
moving enough the Soviets are starting
to pass a spy and those were his big
things so when you say that within a
20-18 context it's hard to believe as I
referenced earlier it's hard to believe
that a Democrat would be running against
sort of slow inefficient government but
that is what he did it's kind of
incredible yeah now the Republicans back
then were the big deficit hawks they're
like okay maybe we've had some
recessions but we have a budget deficit
and we have to keep taxes high tax rates
high so we take care of the budget
deficit wouldn't be prudent in that old
George Bush line I mean that's a very
applicable George Bush came of age in
the 1950s to have economic growth if we
don't take care of our deficit first and
that was the defensive position of
Eisenhower and Nixon Kennedy saw that
and saw an opening and ran with it yeah
so what was the beginning of the
presidency like you know when I watch
all of these documentaries now yeah you
know they talked about it was it's so
much about the family and that there was
this feeling of this young person in the
office and all that I suspect there was
more to it than just that okay so when
Kennedy was elected in November
1960 the United States had just tipped
into a recession there were mass layoffs
of hundreds of thousands in October
probably delivered him the election when
that de Sorenson his advisor Thornton
certainly thought so
and then unemployment went all the way
up increased up to five million by night
by January 1961 so when do you know what
that percentage was just for reference
to stri percent now doesn't sound like
that well five million
yeah sorry five million the workforce
the unemployment rate was probably going
up to about eight percent at that point
I'd have to check but probably around
there okay
so Kennedy took office and it's a snow
storm right that just ended before his
inaugural dress famous inaugural dress
and the big problem was there's now a
new recession and then when he gave a
State of the Union address ten days
later in January 1961 he kind of had a
lot of kind of equivalents a equivocal
statements he said we have to get our
house in order yet our country moving
again and we have the government has to
spend a lot of money so we're kind of
laid out two options we have to kind of
get the government more efficient but
also get the government spending a lot
of money so it was unclear what he was
gonna do yeah what does that even mean I
mean do you think he knew at the time
because those sound like statements that
can't work together Richard Reeves who's
his greatest biographer he wrote the
great book on Kennedy 1992 President
Kennedy he said no no what Kennedy liked
to do and I think this is true we have
all the Kennedy tapes we can hear him on
audio the John F Kennedy Library has
some amazing things online we can hear
so much from Kennedy's voice privately
it's pretty clear that he thought
himself kind of the uber intellectual
not a philosophical intellectual but
somebody who could process thoughts and
he would get a lot of good advice and
then pick the best option so that's the
way he would operate he wasn't gonna
figure it out himself he was gonna wait
and see and then make a strategic
decision so you think when he brought up
those seemingly conflicting ideas that
he actually did mean it and that
eventually he he would widdle it away
with the right people behind it and now
this sort of gets to to what your book
was about which one did he end up going
for okay and and
this good you went for both okay so
Larry Keller and I wrote this book JFK
in the Reagan Revolution about the John
F Kennedy tax cut and the big reason is
what Larry my co-author has had to deal
with for 15-20 years he gets this at
parties from the likes of people like
Caroline Kennedy he gets it on
television CNBC how dare you say that
the John F Kennedy tax cut had anything
to do with the Reagan tax cut because
that tax cut was designed by Keynes
Ian's in order to stimulate demand in
the economy and Larry said I don't think
so
and he's right all right wait little is
cause for just a sec though can you tell
me a little bit about the tax cut
specifically yeah so we have the
framework okay yeah so there was a tax
cut in 1964 so after Kennedy's president
after Kennedy died that was his
brainchild and that actually was his
main legislative accomplishment but he
was president for a thousand days ahead
and he didn't get anything done really
on the economy until he introduced that
tax cut in 1963
so in 61 and 62 he was doing his famous
vacillating that's when he was thinking
about hey the Keynes ears are saying we
need loose money from the Federal
Reserve and we need a lot of social
programs and he was experimenting with
that forecast came in there's gonna be
another recession he pulled back and
said wait we need some more deep
thinking Keynesian said keep doing it
but then pulled in other people what do
you say no we need a big marginal tax
cut I get it when the stock market
crashed in April 1960 to June 1962 he
said ok we need a big marginal tax cut
how powerful was the presidency at this
time you know one of the things that we
talked about on this show alive is just
that the executive branch just keeps
getting more power more power does all
this stuff via executive action a lot of
this when you hear about it I think the
average person thinks wait a minute is
it the president's job really grows to
be doing all this isn't he supposed to
sign the law is not really making the
law right it's interesting on that score
is that John F Kennedy was actually not
terribly interested in making unique
executive actions actually with each of
his executive sign at signing signings
he had these signing statements that
went on and on and on about how
justified his signature was sometimes
now we did they just saw yeah now it's
just ya know he
that signature man so good I think
that's the residents yeah yeah so he
