alright let's talk about systemic racism
or at least the idea of systemic racism
so I think you've seen the video of me
about two or two and a half years ago
with Larry elder and I brought up
systemic racism larry elder proceeded to
commit a hate crime on me a white man he
beat me senseless with statistics yeah
and I came to a fight not ready to to
fight basically and that was definitely
one of my red pill moments so to speak I
was not prepared
I heard new information I did research
after that subsequently I've had many
people on this show and many
conversations that have led me to more
of Larry's original premise so I guess
first when you when you saw that moment
was that the first time you had ever
seen me do anything because that's a
little tell me and I'm like oh I don't
think it was the first time but I think
I mean I don't and envied anyone who is
debating Larry elder on anything
he's pretty devastating but I've been
kind of refreshing though when you saw
this moment where he laid it out yeah
you know there was no counter because
there is no counter right well yeah he
he what he did with you there is he he
went through each specific venue in
which supposedly there is this big
systemic racism problem where the system
is rigged in such a way that it doesn't
require any individual in the system to
be racist in order for the system to
spit out racist outcomes that's
essentially the idea of systemic racism
so he went he went with you through he
said just name name a place in society
where you think systemic racism exists
and he just did basically destroyed each
one with the specifics of of the case
and I'm not gonna do a better job than
he did there yeah he's capable of doing
but there there's a bigger picture way
to test the systemic racism hypothesis
which is to take to populations where
it's it's a very messy crude science
experiment but to take to populations
where you're holding systemic race
constant namely black Americans like
myself and black immigrants especially
black immigrants from the West Indies
and their children we're talking about
immigrants from Jamaica Barbados other
places in the West Indies and
specifically their children their
american-born children so these are
people you could not tell apart from
black like you couldn't tell if I didn't
tell you that I wasn't the child of a
Jamaican immigrant or something right
and you find that the thing about these
is that these two populations differ in
many ways some some some ways are very
hard to quantify but they differ
culturally they differ for all kinds of
reasons because partially because the
kind of immigrant who gets out of a
Jamaica differs systematically is going
to be disproportionately intelligent
disproportionately hard-working whatever
the traits are that get you from Jamaica
to New York say that's a cluster of
attributes that that makes that
population differ but there's there's
one thing that is not different which is
they are subjected to whatever level of
systemic racism exists so Thomas ol has
done good work on it back in the 70s he
showed that second-generation West in
the West Indians living in the same city
as black Americans were earning 58% more
right so they're they're both being
treated to whatever degree badly by
white people they're whatever this
whatever system you want to suppose is
holding black people back is equally
affecting both of them the Columbia
sociologist van tranh has a great essay
in which the this this difference is
brought out you find neighborhoods of of
black Americans right next to
neighborhoods of black West Indians in
New York they're equally segregated from
white people so it gets rid of you know
this the idea that being segregated by a
cell or living around people who only
look like you is inherently a
disadvantage it gets around the policing
issue because these populations are
being polluted the police can't tell the
difference between a second-generation
white
and a black person it gets around
whatever level of systemic racism is or
isn't in the pipeline with regard to
schools and you find wildly different
outcomes you find you know rate of high
school graduation much higher for black
West Indians a rate of enrollment in
college much higher i'm a rate of
professional occupations much higher
crime lower right so this suggests to me
that there are that the role of systemic
racism tool to whatever degree it exists
is is minimal at this point and the the
the there's a whole narrative built
around the idea that this is the primary
obstacle facing black people and it's
worth noting I don't I don't think most
black people actually believe this
because I mean they're they're various
polls to cite here but there's there's
one from Pew that that asked black
people without without college education
has has race has your race held you back
at all in life 60 percent said no it's a
recent Pew poll another Gallup poll
asked is bias the main issue facing you
in jobs and housing sixty percent again
said no the the Harvard sociologist
Ethan Fawcett polling of the black
community and found that disconnected
black youth which would be a black youth
without who aren't in schools and don't
have a jobs the people on the lowest
rung of society something something
around thirty percent of them think the
system is rigged and seventy percent
don't so what we're getting is we're
getting the voices of black people who
believe the systemic racism narrative
promoted to the to the most powerful
media positions in our country so we're
getting the impression right this is a
uniform view and it's not right so this
is sort of the Jesse Jackson South sharp
as they get moved up because they're
given sort of simple answers right so I
guess it harkens the question that I
could ask this either way what is it
that the West Indian
are doing right or what is it that the
other folks are doing wrong yeah yeah I
mean you can answer that in either
directions I'll show first well part of
it is just immigration selection factors
that I mentioned right so the the kind
of Jamaican or Barbadian who makes it
off the island to New York did likely to
be disproportionately hard-working disp
report will disproportionately x4
whatever X Factor is and so in that
sense the direct comparison can be
misleading but just analyzing why these
two populations differ you find West
Indian immigrants more likely to come
from a two-parent home you know more
likely to have had a more classically
socially conservative upbringing which
is you know you don't talk back to your
parents parents are rather strict there
are downsides of course to that style of
parenting but basically what I'm saying
is that there are cultural factors that
are important that differ between these
two groups right you find if they're
armed there are many I mean this is this
is where the conversation for many
people gets especially uncommon yeah
right it's the idea that every culture
every subculture is identical in the
behavioral patterns that are inculcated
and wherever there is some wherever
there is a disparity in some outcome
it's not possible that culture accounts
for some or most of that disparity which
i think is a very silly idea well
completely nonsensical jurors are
different different people and different
groups put different emphasis on certain
things so more on family simple more on
Education simple more on sports or
whatever the hell whatever the hell it
is so when you hear larry elder make the
argument you know something around until
1972 the black family had a higher rate
of staying in marriages and then he lays
out the reasons that he believes
policies of the democrats destroyed all
that that that obviously resonates with
you right because you're you're giving
me some piece of this both answers I
think resonated or went back to family
of marriage and some sort of
conservative ideals right well yeah I
mean that that's a very complex people
hate when you talk when everyone talks
about
yes about family people just absolutely
hate it it is a fact that black that the
rate of two-parent homes and marriages
was pretty similar to the white rate
until the 60s it is it is a it's a
matter of scholarly dispute as to what
was the cause that it I think it's
certain at this point there was no one
cause well first date may have had
something to do with it but I think it
may have just been changing norms in the
culture what because we're seeing the
same thing happen in in in the white
working-class as well now with the
decline of of two-parent homes to a
lesser extent than has happened in the
black community
yes so so I guess what yeah so I mean we
could talk about some of the the most
important behavioral patterns that are
different between black families and and
white families and Asian families I mean
there there are some statistics that I I
just I don't see any way in which this
could possibly be explained by systemic
racism for example one is that if you
ask thirteen year olds if they've had
their first sexual experience yet you
get nine percent of whites saying yes
you get twenty one percent of black
people saying yes right so it's more
than a two-fold difference there and
that has everything to do with family
dynamics with with their not being -
parents in the home it is a development
issue more than it is an issue of
treatment by white people right I have
another piece in Collette called black
American culture and the racial wealth
gap where I talk about spending
differences and you you you know Nielsen
the the marketing firm has done done
research on this found that the average
black woman is more likely to own a
luxury vehicle than the average white
woman despite the fact that the average
black family has one-tenth the wealth of
the average average white family
spending patterns on on jewelry and an
expensive clothes are very different in
the black community whatever you want to
say about these
ethically this is not I mean I'm not
ready when I make an ethical judgment
right I mean I'm not finger-wagging of
people saying do X don't do y I'm saying
there are there are entire books written
by respected left-wing scholars about
issues like wealth or income or that
just don't mention a single one of these
facts as if it's not relevant right so
what's what's the through line then or
the connection between all of this and
the welfare state because the more that
I've explored these ideas the more that
I am starting to buy that that almost is
the the real problem here that we've
given a certain amount and then it's
just human nature people don't want to
stop being on the dole that has nothing
to do with race you could give it to
anyone but in this case we happen to be
talking about black Americans but I can
give you just one simple example which
is my sister lives in in Manhattan not
that far from you actually and she's in
a building that's part subsidized so
there's a lot of black people in the
building that have been there for
generations now that are they're
subsidized my sister and her husband two
kids they're not rolling in dough
they're paying full market price but the
people that are in the subsidized
housing it's almost impossible for them
to leave I don't even blame them because
they're paying next to nothing and if
they wanted to work more they'd probably
and then get off the subsidy the
subsidies they probably have to leave
the building in the first place I think
I live somewhere worse so we end up with
this horrific catch-22 then again I
don't believe I don't put this on race
it just seems to be affecting people of
a certain race more yes I think I mean I
think it's clear that there was a point
in in in the late 60s and 70s where the
welfare state was clearly incentivizing
counterproductive behavior
disproportionately among black people I
mean the reason I yeah I I don't I think
we need a welfare state I think there's
there's really no free market there's no
capitalist economy in the world that
doesn't have one because they're just
and and you know people's jobs are being
taken by automation
and that's only going in one direction
and we clearly need a welfare state and
we need one that doesn't incentivize you
know counterproductive behavior and we
haven't always had that and when you say
welfare say you mean some sort of social
safety net that's what I yes okay
because I think people would you say
welfare state I think people have a
different sort of connotation traps yeah
I mean as social I mean something that
catches people who can't really can't
help themselves who can't trade their
skills for money in the market yeah yeah
I'm with you so so then how do we
untether
the issue of people that are now stuck
in that machine where every time you
talk about it you're called a racist no
I mean this is it is extremely precious
because I think it's clear that the
welfare state the way it was rolled out
in the 60s and 70s had bad effects for
black people right it's it's it's hard
to fully explain the decline in
two-parent homes without noticing that a
black mother in the early 70s stood to
lose money by getting married to a guy
right because of the perverse incentives
of the welfare state that said it's not
just because the welfare state was one
of the causes of the decline of the
black family doesn't imply that taking
it away would repair it
mmm-hmm so I think I think that is
something I charles murray for example
groped the big book in the 80s that made
him big losing ground which criticized
the welfare state very much along these
grounds but I think even he has
acknowledged that at this point removing
it once you set it all into motion it's
not obvious that removing it is a cure
which is which is tragic but true yeah
it's it's a real tragedy because then
it's like I mean this is where you would
definitely have a difference of opinion
with Candace where her argument is rip
the band-aid rip the band-aid let the
pieces fall where they may
I don't know what her policy is on then
helping like the poorest of the poor
whatever like are you literally gonna be
kicking people out of their houses right
I don't know what the answer to that is
yeah but I think there's there's a
growing feeling I think at least a
certain set of people that it's not
working you're acknowledging why it's
not working
these little band-aid fixes seemingly
only make it worse yeah it's I think
it's a very complex issue because there
there are some there are some elements
of the social safety net that I think
economists agree are working like the
Earned Income Tax Credit which actually
incentivizes you to work it helps the
worst off people in society without it
basically corrects the the massive
mistake of welfare in the Lyndon Johnson
era but ya know it's it's a complex
issue yeah sure so I hate to talk about
race this whole time it's like kind of
annoying I know it's what you mostly
write about what what else is kind of on
your mind like what are the other issues
that you care about I mean we can keep
going on that but I always feel like
it's like it's that's also a sort of
tragedy of all of this it's like your
whole worldview is to move past all this
yes and yet because of that you get
thrust into the conversation it's a
weird weird psychological condition I
suppose yes it is does that just drive
you crazy in general yeah I mean I don't
before we move on the race is not
something I find inherently interesting
yeah I think it is like when I have when
I have a free moment to to read a book
I'm not ordering the race book because
but but at the same time it is a topic
that's loomed so large in our politics
and so much of what is said makes so
little sense that I it it just gets to
me so I have to say something but it's
not something I enjoy I mean what I
really enjoy is philosophy and science
so so when I have free moments I tend to
read things and those in those genres
yeah well you're working for the right
lady Claire oh yeah collect yeah that's
what she cares about too so actually we
can shift a little bit so you attended
an event that there's an IDW group in
New York put together I was put together
in like two or three days it was me and
Eric Weinstein and Faizal Matar and and
Melissa Chen and we're just kind of
doing like IDW 101 stuff and you you
asked me an interesting question during
the Q&A so I'll let you present the
question and then I want to hear your
answer actually before I repeat my
answer yeah so my
question was essentially there are a lot
of people who really don't like the
intellectual dark web I think it's just
a bunch of cranks who are you know
playing footsie with the alt-right in
this objectionable way and totally
dismiss the whole thing but then there
there are there are many other people
who think well you know I I like I like
half of the people in the in the
intellectual dark web you know I don't
maybe like the other half but I think
it's they have it was kind of nuanced
take on it but they're really what where
one loses them is the fact that you know
you've had Stefan Mullen no
I don't know how to do Molyneux right so
this is this character that people view
as objectionable to whatever degree aI
don't know
I don't follow him so I don't know
whether they should or shouldn't view
him that way yeah but you know or sam
harris has had charles murray on the
podcast which you know many he just has
a terrible reputation on the left
largely undeserved yeah or Joe Rogan had
Alex Jones I think we can do endless
infinitum yeah and it seems like that is
is the last place where people who might
otherwise see this phenomenon as good
get off the ship
yeah or I've had I think I've had
conversations with people where that was
kind of the last trench to die in in
terms of criticizing the phenomenon so
my question was what do you like what do
you think about this do you think I mean
this is also a criticism that Barry
Weiss raised in her and her piece about
it so I mean I guess my answer to that
would be I'm I mean well do you know
this guy Darrell Davis he's a black guy
who did a documentary don't remember the
name of it where he met with the white
super he met with Ku Klux Klan members
yeah as a black person yeah and just
hung out with them talk to them about
various issues became friends with them
right so imagine the psychological
courage this takes to sit across from
someone who literally thinks you are an
inferior kind of human being and to put
that aside and
just expand your circle of empathy to
include them preemptively incredibly
inspirational so and he ends up getting
over 200 Ku Klux Klan members to
renounce their membership and he keeps
their robes in his closet as a kind of
trophy of having D radicalized them okay
and then he gets harshly criticized from
blacks black lives matter for having
having done this which is which I found
I find to be the most galling irony in
