[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty today and joining me is
the former president of the ACLU a board
member for fire epic and the heterodox
Academy a professor at New York law
school and author of the new book hate
why we should resist it with free speech
not censorship nadine strossen welcome
to the Rubin report to be here Dave so I
have to tell you when I was reading
through your bio and looking at all the
boards you've sat on and head of ACLU
and all that I don't know that anyone
has ever been more of sort of a perfect
prime guest to sit in that chair and my
prior book defending pornography
attention we can get into that too but
really your your life's work is sort of
exactly why I do this show and I know
I'm setting you up now with a very you
know high bar here but but this is what
it's all about
well thank you so much and thank you for
your ardent defense of Liberty that that
is the most important value for me and
when people ask me what my politics are
I usually say I care more about my civil
libertarian beliefs than I care about
partisan political beliefs and one of
the things that's true for the ACLU as
well as for me as an individual is not
taking per se across-the-board positions
on any candidate official party or group
but judging on an issue-by-issue basis
and issuing criticism or or praise on an
issue-by-issue basis and there's not a
single party or candidate or official
that hasn't earned some praise and some
criticism on some important civil
liberties issues so looking at the glass
half full an activists I always do that
there's nobody with whom I don't share
some really strong convictions which is
very nice now it's also true that
there's nobody with whom I don't have
some strong disagreements but I'm used
to therefore having a positive
relationship across ideological divides
and and the absence of that or the
fading of that in today's climate is
very bothersome yeah all right what a
great
place to start this conversation then so
as you've seen that PHA that fade in
society do you have a couple markers or
moments where you started to really see
it or has it just been a slow slide into
wherever it seems that we're at at the
moment that's a really good question
Dave and I'm sure some sociologists have
probably analyzed it more exactly my
impression is at least on issues let's
stay with issues of free speech my
strong impression is that there started
to be a real breaking point in around
2015 I think that's when we had the
Ferguson riots and demonstrations and
protests around the country and I am
completely sympathetic to that cause
believe me abuses in the criminal
justice system have been on my radar
screen and the ACL u--'s forever way
back in the dark ages or some would say
the great ages of the eye I meant only
in the sense of old it wasn't a
stigmatizing reference but the Reagan
administration I used to debate his
attorney general ed Meese on
propositions such as is the criminal
justice system racially discriminatory
me so the fan I was taking the yes
profession so the fact that we have this
outpouring in support of social justice
and racial justice and immigrants rights
and anti-sexual violence all of that is
wonderful but starting several years ago
it started to seem more and more that
advocates of these causes began to see
free speech as their enemy rather than
what I know it to be which is their
time-tested essential ally so there was
this pitting of Liberty against equality
of civil rights against civil liberties
and as I say that I realized that it was
the second time that had had
and in my adult lifetime the first time
that that happened very strongly was in
the late 1980s early 1990s which was the
first time that hate speech codes were
proposed on college campuses the first
time we started seeing criticism of what
was called political correctness and
then two especially law professors were
arguing very strongly that you have to
choose you can't have both liberty and
equality and that's an anthem to my own
beliefs and experience yeah and that's
kind of where we're at right now that
seems to be where this argument has
boiled down to so before we unpack all
of that stuff how did you get involved
in this what was it about your education
or your upbringing or whatever else that
made you care about free speech civil
liberties everything else that you just
mentioned it as far back as I can
remember I have been in favor of
individual liberty and resisting anybody
who tried to encroach on my liberty or
that of anybody else's so long before I
had the terminology I resisted my
parents authoritarianism my
schoolteachers authoritarianism I was
kind of a contrarian I would always like
to see a different perspective and I
remember being very puzzled as a fairly
young student maybe I was about 10 or 11
years old and a teacher said to me Oh
Nadine why do you always have to defend
the underdog
she said it as a criticism and to me it
was well they're the ones that need the
defense
I have also always valued freedom of
speech for ideas that I disagree with so
I remember I was in college from 1968 to
1972 very involved in the movement
against the Vietnam or movements for
reproductive freedom that was before the
Supreme Court had decided roe v wade
again the reeling dark ages but I also
always defended freedom for people who
disagreed with me so I would have law
big arguments with members of SDS who
those students for Democratics
by a very radical organization that
wanted to shout down certain speakers
that were in favor of the Vietnam War
administration officials and so forth
and while I disagreed with the points of
view of those speakers I didn't believe
it that they should that we should be
denying them a podium so as far back as
I remember I've been I cared much more
about freedom in part because I do see
that as the essential means to advance
whatever other cause is dear to you it's
hard to defend the people that you don't
like isn't it it seems to me that that's
the one we're forgetting these days like
everyone screams about free speech all
the time
the second someone says I met alike then
they kind of get quiet real quick well
so I was shortly after I graduated from
law school the ACLU and I was not
involved at the national level at all at
that point but the ACLU got involved in
the infamous or famous Skokie case and
that was like a real litmus test I
assume most viewers know what that is
but for those who might not know in 1977
the ACLU came to the defense of the free
speech rights of a group of neo-nazis
who wanted to demonstrate in Skokie
Illinois suburb of Chicago that had a
large Jewish population and a large
population of Holocaust survivors and
many members of the ACLU
even this stalwart free speech
organization lost we lost about 15% of
our members who said we really defend
free speech but this is the one
exception we want to make for this
absolutely abhorrent speech now my
father is a Holocaust survivor I have to
say was sadly he died but it wasn't even
an issue for me I have to tell you Dave
and it's coming back to your question
because you said something about how
does it feel to defend people that you
disagree with and to me I'm
never defending them I'm never defending
their ideas I'm never defending what do
they say I am defending the principle
that government should not have power to
silence speech just because the majority
of the public even the vast majority of
the public loathes despises the idea
that the speech is conveying yeah so
that's incredible obviously I know the
Skokie case well and I'm sure many much
of my audience is I didn't realize 15
percent did you say 15 percent of the
membership ACLU members that's a massive
so and and you know it so the ACLU
really put its money where its mouth is
it was a tremendous financial hit and
there was a lot of negative press now in
fairness fairly soon after that the ACLU
began to recoup members maybe not
necessarily the same people in fact
other people who wrote in and said we
see that you really are neutrally
defending civil liberties even for
people that are anti civil liberties
themselves now that said I have to tell
you almost every time I give a speech
anywhere people will come up to me and
say I was an ACLU member but I quit over
Skokie Rea Nayar who was the executive
director at the time and interestingly
enough himself a Holocaust survivor he
was born in Berlin his extended family
was completely exterminated by the Nazis
he and his immediate family escaped and
and he wrote a wonderful book about it
afterwards called defending my enemy
which I quote in my book and we could
talk about how that might seem
paradoxical but it's it's really not but
anyway in this context I brought him up
because he said to me Nadine if every
person who said they left the ACLU over
Skokie really had been a member we would
have been
agent in the world right they were
talking a big game but there you go
but you okay if I can just follow up on
that it's it's not just an abstract
principle because you can really see how
the principle has concrete ramifications
for exactly the opposite idea
so in our briefs in the Skokie case we
pointed out that the arguments that were
being made to justify suppressing the
Nazis namely that their ideas were
offensive and insulting and threatening
and seen as dangerous to the Jews of the
Holocaust survivors in Skokie that was
exactly the same set of arguments that
was made not that much earlier in 1968
when Martin Luther King was trying to
demonstrate in Cicero Illinois the very
same state but with a very different
population that saw his ideas as
threatening and dangerous and subversive
offensive and insulting right and this
is where this weird subjective nature of
this comes in which is why you've said
several times now you're defending the
principle not the person and that that
of course is the is the key to this
whole thing but we've been pushed into
this place these days where it seems
like there's a large set of people or
certainly a set of very loud people who
think that speech is violent
it ain't violence well I suppose speech
could advocate violence it could incite
violence it could threaten violence so
do you say do you agree with where we
have the laws now in terms of you can't
directly incite and that sort of thing
do you think all those laws are just and
appropriate absolutely and I have to say
even though I've been teaching
constitutional law in the First
Amendment for decades the process of
writing this book and thinking about it
an even more focused fashion really
increased my respect for US law and I
really think that for many people if
they would just understand what the law
actually provides they would be much
more supportive of freedom of speech
because it is much more nuanced and much
more common sensical than is often
misdescribed when people say either Oh
hate speech is not free speech
we heard that a lot including when you
were at the University of New Hampshire
that a lot right and then conversely
people will say Oh hate speech is
protected and neither generalization is
correct yes I this fact that speech has
a hateful or hated message idea or
content can never be a justification for
censoring it but if in a particular
context a hateful message along with any
other message directly causes certain
serious specific imminent harm and
there's no way to avert that harm other
than punishing the speech then the
speech can and should be punished and
common examples that satisfy that
standard are intentional incitement of
imminent violence a genuine threat that
instills fear that you're going to be
subject to violence another example is a
hate crime and that is it's it's it's a
little bit different in the sense that a
and I'm going so much into Mike we're
gonna go we're going into the weeds but
that's good okay so if I can say there's
no term hate speech and that was a point
that you made in your university of new
happy when I said that and it's a fact
that is subscribed to by every single
Supreme Court justice across the
ideological spectrum you know from
Ginsburg and Sotomayor on the left to
Alito and Gorsuch and Scalia on the
right and I think that's a very very
important point that for all of their
ideological differences on so many
issues that so many justices every
justice in modern history has subscribed
to this principle and I wish that people
across the ideological spectrum in other
you know branches of government in the
general public would share that
unanimity because no matter who you are
no matter what you believe you really
have a stake in denying the government
and the majority of people that wield
power taking away
from you the choice about which views
you will express or listen to or refute
so in that University of New Hampshire
speech that I know you watched when when
I was saying there you know hate speech
is not real obviously I was making the
distinction between the direct call to
violence which I actually said unless
it's a direct call to violence but hate
speech in and of itself is is nothing
it's not a it's not a thing you can say
mean things I would prefer you don't we
wish we could all be nice to each other
and say lovely things that use pronouns
the way people wanted and all of those
things but you can have a government
doing it is there anything else that I
should have added in that that perhaps
could have gotten those young people to
listen I think that they were disposed
not to listen but fir'd there were
obviously some open-minded people in the
audience and those are the ones that
you're I mean the hecklers I think were
we're not they didn't seem genuinely
interested in hearing you out but many
other people there did and the other
point that that I would make
strategically Dave and I already did it
and pointing out the Martin Luther King
counterpart to the Nazis is I always
tried to give an example we're an idea
that you happen to support that the
person I'm talking to really supports
would be threatened if we gave that
power to the government so for that that
audience where you have people chanting
black lives matter I would have pointed
out how many government officials now
are saying black lives matter advocacy
should be treated as hate speech that
even saying that black lives matter
should be treated as a hate group the
Southern Poverty Law Center which
monitors hate groups has been lobbied to
treat black lives matter as such and so
then you have to say to people you have
to understand that it's not your values
that are going to be implemented by the
enforcing officials across the country
and if we have this loose nebulous
concept I mean hate is an emotion that's
inherently subjective what one person
considers hateful somebody else
cherishes yeah so you mentioned this
other poverty
Center I don't want to get you in any
hot water here but they to me strike me
as an organization that is completely
completely with almost no reservation
can I say this gone off the rails they
have you know between now they just just
in this last week they they lost this
lawsuit imagine Waze is getting a three
point three million dollar settlement
but they had ayaan Hirsi Ali and
Brigitte Gabriel and several other
people who I've had on the show who I
think are wonderful people on their hate
list they just put up a an article about
the evils of Prager University and and
called me out by name what am I to make
of the shifting of traditionally
organizations that were doing good work
into becoming what I would say are
really far left advocacy groups instead
of maybe the original mission statement
do you think that's not knowledgeable
enough about the instances that you cite
saw back to something I said at the
beginning which is I don't endorse or
criticize any organization across the
board I look at it issue by issue and I
think the Southern Poverty Law Center
has done a lot of good work on issues
that that I care about including freedom
of speech on campus and they definitely
oppose censorship including of hate
speech I testified with a leader of the
SPLC before Congress last year and
completely opposed to censorship
completely supporting counter speech and
in fact the SPLC put out a wonderful
guide for college students at the
beginning of the last academic year
urging them when white supremacist
recruiters are coming to campus not to
engage in disruption not to try to
censor them or to shout them down but to
ignore them
and I thought that was right not only in
principle but also as a matter of
strategy because you're just playing
into their tactics now does that mean
that every single thing they've done is
is is praiseworthy I doubt it I I think
even the ACLU is not above criticism
yeah so I know when when they sent over
some notes
about what what we potentially could
talk about your book and everything else
so because you did watch that University
of New Hampshire thing there's a moment
where a girl that was challenged me kept
implying that it was free speech sort of
that led to the Holocaust that it was
this that we they allowed in citement
and that that's what's led to it now my
basic argument was the more speech there
is the more we can allow sunlight to
disinfect bad ideas but I think perhaps
I could have been a little more forceful
there if you were standing next to me
when we were doing this what would you
have been saying in my ear to that
argument that if we just keep letting
people say all these awful things that
it can lead to awful things and awful
things obviously have happened
throughout the course of human I have a
lot of answers but let me start with the
one that is most specific to the
Holocaust and again I have a personal
stake and I know you also lost relatives
in the Holocaust for me my father
fortunately survived but he was in a
concentration camp and suffered
grievously doing forced labor and in
fact was scheduled to be sterilized and
then was liberated by the US military
one day before so you know I almost had
my life exterminated before it began I
have no love loss from of the Nazis in
fact there was there were hate speech
laws in the Vimal republic during in
which is in Germany where Hitler rose to
power and the hate speech laws were very
similar to the ones that exist in
Germany and other countries today they
were very strictly enforced Nazis were
prosecuted and convicted repeatedly and
guess what they loved it
it was a huge propaganda opportunity for
them they gained attention and support
that they otherwise never would have had
just like the neo-nazis in Skokie all
those years later nobody would have
heard of them if we had just allowed
them to have their miserable little
March for the 20 minutes to 30 minutes
think we're seeking to march instead it
becomes two years worth of worldwide
