[Music]
Halloween is next week meaning it's time
for a slew of virtues signaling articles
and think pieces on why every costume
you want to wear is racist bigoted or
some evil form of cultural appropriation
allow me to spare you the mental
exhaustion and propose something truly
radical right now wear whatever the heck
it is you want to wear this Halloween
for me it's gonna be the same old
obi-wan Kenobi costume I born for about
the past ten years though this year I do
think it'll look particularly sharp with
my newfound beard forgetting the
specifics of who's offended by what
today the real issue here I'd like to
address is how the set of people who
find offence everywhere are actually
doing something much more offensive than
any costume could ever accomplish this
endlessly outraged crowd are trying to
suck the joy out of every facet of life
from comedy to Halloween it's just one
of the many techniques these control
freaks masked as the good guys used to
whittle down your own sense of what's
right and wrong until you bow to their
demand of total conformity once they can
get you to stop joking stop wearing
costumes you want to wear and most
importantly stop thinking for yourself
it's very easy to manipulate you
socially politically or otherwise it's
also one of the reasons we've seen so
many thoughtful decent people purged by
this hysterical shrieking movement over
the past few years such as some of my
former guests like Brett Weinstein and
Laura Kipnis when conformity of thought
is your number one goal then diversity
of thought is your number one enemy this
leaves little room for conversation
comedy or costumes it's precisely why
comedy seems largely dead right now who
turns on late-night TV to watch a
comedian lecture you about politics come
to think of it who turns on late-night
comedy at all anymore what I wouldn't
give for Johnny Carson to be resurrected
from the dead to actually show these
guys a thing or two you know come to
think of it zombie Johnny Carson
actually seems like a pretty great
Halloween costume
someone make that happen I'll retweet
you once conversation and honest debate
is taken away all that is left
yelling once comedy is taken away all
that's left is lecturing and once
costumes are taken away all that's left
is conformity none of this adds up to
how a healthy society should operate
does this mean that some conversations
are hard to have yes does it mean that
some jokes are offensive indeed and does
it mean that some costumes might trigger
someone absolutely
but we shouldn't trade in the distinctly
human trait of using our minds to talk
to joke or to express ourselves through
dressing how we please just because it
might offend somebody of course with all
that in mind it's up to you where that
line from edginess to offense is this is
what great satirist and comics and
writers have had to deal with for all
time if you get close to the line you
might just trip over it and rightly or
wrongly there probably will be
consequences for your misstep one year
in high school I dressed up as an Amish
guy one of my buddies dressed up as an
Orthodox Jew and another dressed up as a
Catholic priest we didn't do it to
offend anyone we did it because it was
different and in some ways that's what
Halloween is all about we also agged a
bunch of houses and stole candy but
fortunately that was before Twitter as
for me I have no desire to go out of my
way to offend anyone but I understand
why it's important to live in a society
that allows us to do just that so this
Halloween whether you're a nun a
sexy Pocahontas or a good old-fashioned
geisha remember it's better to be any of
those than a mindless conformist zombie
just looking for brains
[Music]
I'm a first amendment absolutist I
believe in only two things completely
the First Amendment and boobs joining me
today is the host of out kick the
coverage on Fox Sports Radio and a man
who has never never been let down by
boobs Clay Travis welcome to the rubric
I'm happy to hear that's the best
introduction I've had in a long time
that is well that is your introduction I
knew there was only one way I could do
it and it was gonna have to be about
boobs you like boobs I do in the First
Amendment both in fact when I showed up
today at your place I had on my boobs
and First Amendment shirt that we sold a
lot of at the eye appearance on CNN and
I'd like to say that it was some grand
viral attempt to create a stir and it's
not like I'm a beyond or above that but
no I I've been saying that for years
writing it saying it's ears and say two
men say it's a women and I certainly
didn't think it was going to turn into
the viral sensation that it did yeah but
it did turn into viral yeah I saw you
were trending on Twitter that's like
basically the highest compliment you
could get these days the outrage over it
so in a second we're gonna show some of
Brooke Baldwin's reaction when you said
it truly did you did you have no sense
that anything was gay because I saw a
lot of people aside you see what he did
there you see he said it on headline
news the day before yeah - a female
anchor I have said it on my radio show
probably a hundred times I've written it
in my columns yeah it was it's such like
it kind of a words that I'm used to
saying then I just went to it because
it's part of a natural argument there
and I once I saw like remember when I'm
doing that show and you'll know this but
I think a lot of people listening and
viewing will not when you are I was
doing that from my home studio so I can
stare like I'm staring at you right now
I can see how you react to everything
that I say but in my home studio I have
no monitor so I don't even know who the
other person is that I'm talking with I
can just hear their voices and I can't
see her facial reactions at all but as
soon as she reacted I knew what she was
doing I knew there was somebody in her
ear saying like oh this is Trump's
America you got to go after this guy
clay Travis he's a misogynist he's a
boar you know you've got it you've got
to put him in his place
and so what I do
for better or worse is when people want
me to like hit reverse and back up and
apologize
I put the pedal to the metal and go
forward full steam so I doubled down I
tripled down I may have even quadrupled
down so once that happened I knew what
she was trying to do yeah I was her
producer in her ear saying you got to
stand up on behalf of all women or
whatever you know some some clearly
artificial reaction on her part I think
yeah cuz it really kind of torpedoed the
entire segment I mean professional from
her yeah well the other guests then sort
of bought in on it too he attends and
then I think you or at least one of your
fans like unearth some of his old tweets
where he said so I mean the idea that
that liking boobs has become
misogynistic yes
shows you how bananas the whole debate
has gone well not only that I mean it's
not like women are surprised at men like
boobs right big business victorious yeah
exactly
cosmetic surgery the Victoria's Secret
has revolutionized the bra industry in
the last 30 years like golf clubs right
a new technology that comes out so women
understand that boobs are attractive to
men right so it's not like it was
somehow like this crazy thing to say and
then she was like I can't believe you
would say that to a woman I'm like I
would say it to a man I better her worse
here in large extreme and my wife would
say this too I talked the same to men
and women and so to me expecting that I
would change the way I'm gonna speak
because a woman is interviewing me I
would talk to her that if you were a
woman right now I'd be talking to you
the same way yeah that's sexism
yeah I tried to treat everybody the
exact same what may not be great okay
Travis an but he's equally an
 to everybody if you want to
criticize me for that right you're so
right that's what I used to say about
gay marriage it's like you gotta let
people be equal so that you can treat
them as shitty as everybody else if they
don't have to be as miserable as
miserable as my wife yeah I deserve that
right they absolutely do all right so
real quick we're gonna show just the 45
second or so reaction from Brooke and
we're not gonna do an hour we can't do
it out then but we're not gonna but
let's just watch that real quick and I
just want to make sure I'm hearing you
correctly
vo OBS because as a woman I'm I said
boobs
I believe completely in the First
Amendment and in boobs those the only
two things I believe 100% and in this
country and by the way jemelle has
notice that he went straight to that
yeah you're absolutely right I did
national television and with a female
host I say all the time because it's
true and that's what I do because I like
boobs and the First Amendment which is
exactly what I said
listen listen Brooke I think that speaks
for itself so the fake outrage that's
the interesting thing to me and you
already hit on this a little bit but she
most likely had somebody in her ear
saying you've got to stand up for women
and all that stuff
do you realize what was happening while
it was happening again the challenges I
don't see your reaction yeah I knew you
know when she comes back to me and says
it spells out boobs
yeah like again I had the opportunity to
back up but at that point in time I
meant what I said it's not like I'm
gonna say oh I apologize let me throw
myself into the fetal position and beg
for the forgiveness of the left and wing
America who's perpetually outraged yeah
and in fact I knew that I was in for a
battle and I I've said this before but I
kind of like being in the center of
media storms you know I feel like
there's a certain peace that comes over
you when you're in the middle of like a
and in the arena literally fighting in
the moment yeah I want my reminds me
when I was a kid
Brer Rabbit you know there were a story
like don't throw me in the briar patch
yeah I love being in the briar patch or
you hear pigs like don't get in the mud
with a pig like he likes being in the
mud
I like wallowing around in the mud so I
knew as soon as she cut the interview
short that it was gonna be a viral
sensation right and I've been in enough
of these situations where people choose
sides automatically and they like Oh
clay Travis is awesome Oh clay travis
sucks bravo for CNN CNN sucks I know how
you know sort of bipolar the reaction is
gonna be for lack of a better term and
so I immediately got on Twitter and
tweet it out ESPN just I mean sorry CNN
could've been just cut my interview
short because I said I love the First
Amendment and boobs I remember what the
exact tweet I said was but I sent that
and then I immediately got on the
benefit
having all these media apparatus ready I
immediately got on periscope and
Facebook Alive and told my side of the
story and took it to the next level and
said oh by the way we're gonna sell
first-amendment at boobs t-shirt yeah
and we're gonna donate the proceeds to
breast cancer awareness which just
throws everybody into an uproar right
because and and and then I think I was a
head of the media storm and I knew the
media storm was gonna come and at that
point in time you can't check your phone
you can't even check Twitter it's just
an onslaught but what I did love was I
got a call from CNN asking me to come on
Monday right and so then I tweeted like
CNN's not outraged you know they want me
to come on Monday as well they left me a
voicemail so I played that voicemail the
next day
CNN denies that they left me a voicemail
says that there's no truth to it and
then late that night I get a text
message saying hey this is not gonna
work but I will say this then I've told
this story maybe once or twice but my
wife is downstairs cuz I do everything
out of my out of my house and she and
right before then I've been saying okay
I've got to do this one more interview
it's been a busy week because that had
been a really busy week for us it was
Friday
and I was like we'll be done in the
afternoon we'll chill we'll go out we'll
take the boys out for pizza just have a
chill night yeah and and it's 2:30 in
the afternoon my time whatever it is I
do that hit and my wife just texts me
from downstairs never good when you get
texted by your wife even bother walking
upstairs
do I need to put the house on the market
because my wife's fear my wife's fear
and I think there's probably a lot of
spouses who have lived through this is
that when you're in this middle of this
perpetual outrage machine at some point
the mob wins Yeah right and my argument
is I'm gonna fight the mob for the rest
of my wife I like it I enjoy it I think
they're wrong and I'm right mm-hmm
but I think her fear is at some point
they're gonna come for you and they're
gonna scalp you and they're gonna win a
fight yeah and she when she saw that she
was like this is gonna be bad for you
they're gonna type catch to you as a
sexist they're gonna say you hate women
and my argument was I know that's not
true and accusations are insults and
levied against me that I know aren't
true if you want to say I'm racist
sexist misogynistic whatever else and
call me whatever you want to me I've
called myself worse you know and I
probably get called worse by the people
that did I live with how did that
conversation go with your wife
because that's serious I mean that's
early stuff I get it I understand look
she is prepared we watched and I had a
read to go back and read cuz Howard
Stern's an idol mine so you need to read
what his wife went through imagine what
what life was like for him in the early
90s to me when you're trying to be as
honest as you possibly can people say
they want honesty but a lot of times
they don't really wins do they want the
fluff they want the o.r a sysm is bad Oh
sexism is bad they don't want you to
actually dive into the nitty-gritty of
details and figure out what the facts
are of a situation and I've always said
that maybe this came to me in law school
I remember a criminal law professor I
had who said there are three things that
matter about every case the facts the
facts and the facts and for what we do I
always find that there's so few people
that would actually look at the facts
the original documents of a story look
at the basis for what they're basing
their opinion on and in this world that
we live in now everybody's decided what
they believe and a story happens and
everybody just uses it as an excuse to
justify whatever they already believe
facts be damned and I feel like I'm in
the rarity you're in the rarity you sit
back and say okay let's like actually
look at the details here and figure out
what the story is before we decide
whether it fits our worldview or not
yeah and what's interesting I think for
guys like us and I think that we are
that these ideas at least are becoming
the silent majority is that in our cases
we both are two-time Obama voters I was
a progressive Wars presidential campaign
right so we've done that like it's not
you know because after this what it what
interested me so much wasn't just wasn't
just okay the boobs comment yeah it is
what it is you know what I mean but it's
it's the reaction after the
manufacturing of the of CNN the the PR
team inviting you on then Brooke saying
no he's banned forever but just this
machine versus the guy who was invited
on says a line that he always says but
then you you took the power back because
you're like a periscope the truth I'll
play the voicemail but then you also
have to deal with all the family
and all that and it just it shows you it
there's a certain David versus Goliath
thing that I just love about it it's
totally true and look when I also went
back if you watch that clip the other
guy who was on there claims that he's
offended
what I said has sent all sorts of more
ridiculous tweets and my audience that's
the other good that's a beautiful thing
that is - yeah the people who support us
will love us yeah right and and that is
that is very gratifying because when
you're in the war all the time when
you're in the battle every day it's good
to know there's some people who have
your back
yeah and they may not be able to have
your back in the same public leg that
you or I can because this is what we do
for a living but there's so many people
out there working at companies that
serious jobs that were worried about
being out there in the arena fighting
because they got to protect their family
they got to make the mortgage payment
they got to do everything else but I
think it's it's gratifying to see them
saying hey we support you here but yeah
they went back I didn't do it they went
back and looked through all of his
tweets and started popping me with look
at what this guy said and then they go
back and I find the same thing with
Brooke Baldwin Don lemons on there
talking about how great Kathy Griffin's
Rack is on with her he's coming on to
show his nipples on you know New Year's
Eve she doesn't react at all to that
nipple net Kathy Griffin says nipple
like six or seven times okay that's the
point I nobody came to me from a
journalistic perspective and I'm far
from a journalist I know in a grand
scheme right I have an opinion in but
when you have it the discussion going on
to me where she made the biggest error
is and it was great for me because it
went viral millions of people saw it we
sold you know lots of shirts we were
asked a lot of money for breast cancer
awareness it was all positive for me but
to me where she failed is she had an
opportunity to have a serious discussion
about a substantive issue and when you
react to a word which in no way needed
to be reacted to I was on to the next
argument right it was just part and
parcel of my larger argument she allowed
that segment to be derailed in a way
that it didn't need to be but isn't that
so consistent with everything that this
set of people is doing these days like
if she would have just let it slide or
even just it could have been a
three-second maybe that was the wrong
word kind of thing and then moved on
then this wouldn't have all happened but
what happened after the truth is clay
Travis is bigger so as you said here
the fact remains this all worked to your
advantage because you like being in the
fight you know how to do it and all that
but what does that tell you about just
the general state of media but also sort
of what's happening with the left that
they they so go over the top that they
end
strengthening oh I mean this is what
they're doing with whatever the
alt-right is or the one-time assist
these days are all that is that you keep
building them yeah because you you need
