[Music]
all right let's do it let's dive into
this Trump guy because I sense that
everything we've talked about for the
first half here a lot of your answers
now are sort of directly related to this
guy but all the weakness but not to the
personality of this guy but to the whole
system look here let me I'll take one
last that have to do it on the wider
lens then well yeah you know I imagine
somebody standing on a time line and the
center the time line is 1990 and they go
forward
25 years 2015 and maybe they go to sleep
and they wake up who are the most
important politicians of the country
when they go to sleep Bush and Clinton
who are the most important politician in
the country in 2015
Bush and Clinton what are they talking
about Iraq and health care you go back
25 years from 1990 you're in 1965 and
it's a different world there's an
afl-cio
there are riots in the cities there are
liberal Republicans and segregationist
Democrats so we have had this frozen
politics for a long time and it was
ready to be changed and Donald Trump the
existing Republican Party couldn't cope
with it and Donald Trump did he smashed
the system open so he's created some
opportunities for a new kind of
political arranged arrangement because
the old one had become so stale but what
he's also done and this is the theme of
the book is he's raising questions not
just about the way we do politics but on
the whole political system because he is
a deeply authoritarian personality his
project is authoritarian and the way he
governs is not compatible with a rule of
law society it was gonna happen one way
or another right do you think that's
fair to say or is he so unique or that
personality trait or that you know the
type of person that would be willing to
do it is so unique that he's not we have
like Trump like figures all over the
Western world you know we have a global
crisis well I mean unique to our
American system because there was no one
even though Bernie was actually talking
about rattling the system the same way
and I think that's why there was some
crossover with their audiences we have
people in I mean there's gear builders
there's marine lepen
there's the alternative for Germany we
just we're recording just a few days
before people see this program there's
an election in Italy in which the
traditional parties were swept aside and
kind of a joke party the five star
movement which was founded by a comedian
and which is you know kind of an
authoritarian populist party of the left
is now in league with a kind of neo
fascist party and we are seeing the
breakdown of the traditional parties of
the center driven by slow growth and
ethnic competition well that's what I'm
saying was it gonna happen no matter
what even if Trump had lost this
election or never rose no nothing is
going to happen no matter what people
make choices you know at the darkest
moments in American history 1932 1860
political parties and political
movements converged on programs that
were constitutional that were liberal in
the broadest sense of the term and they
found leaders who wanted to uphold the
American tradition and change it enough
that it could continue but without
violating its essence this time it's as
if he long had become President 1932 not
Franklin Delano Roosevelt okay so let's
just do like a couple minutes of Russia
so that we can get to that because I we
can't talk about Trump without talking
about Russia you you tweet a lot of
Russia obviously right about rather loud
you talk about a lot do you absolutely
believe that he himself orchestrated or
coordinated some of this stuff with the
Russian government look there remain
many secrets in the Russia story but
there's no mystery the exact modalities
of how the exchange happened that remain
uncertain but here here here is what I
think I do know and I think what you
know we know that Russia wanted Donald
Trump to be President and even more
badly wanted Hillary Clinton not to be
President we know that they intervened
in an in a massive way in an industrial
scale and we're learning more and more
all the time how big was to hurt Hillary
Clinton first the Democratic primaries
to help Donald Trump first in the
Republican primaries and then in the
general election to help Trump Clinton's
expenses can you give me just for people
that are playing total catch-up here so
what are the examples of that well let
me here's the most dramatic
the the WikiLeaks tropes are dumped in
weighs exactly timed to help Donald
Trump the Trump people were expecting
the last WikiLeaks dump of the election
sometime in the first week of October
they knew was coming they'd expected it
done about October 4th or 5th it didn't
come that day instead it was dumped on
October 7th within an hour of the Access
Hollywood tape being broken by David
Farenthold of the Washington Post the
rut the Russians or whoever controls
WikiLeaks which I believe is pretty I
believe and might compel the head of the
CIA believes this week leaked says a
cutout for the Russians have not
directly controlled by them they time
their last WikiLeaks dump to help Donald
Trump should he have a crisis in the
election and and it did and it and I in
the book I said give the
minute-by-minute tick-tock where you see
it's it's you know the Russians would
that help but dogged is the real
question whether the campaign itself was
coordinating that or look we do all
sorts of things with other with foreign
governments and elections and all kind
of stuff so whether whether the campaign
actually was coordinating it with a
foreign government which obviously would
dummy illegal we know that Donald as
opposed to them just doing it and it
having to work out for Trump to hack an
Americans email is a crime it's a big
crime if you know that a crime has been
committed against Americans by you by a
foreign government you would be annoyed
about that especially if you would
aspire to be present the United States
the idea that Donald so we don't know to
what degree yet we don't know to what
degree if any people on his campaign
work in regular back-and-forth
communication with the Russians but he
stood on a stage and in June of 2016 and
welcomed the Russians breaking American
law to steal his opponent's email to his
advantage his son took a meeting with
people who were offering him Russian
hacked information on Hillary Clinton
they didn't at the meeting the Russians
didn't deliver but you know when we say
the Russians we have to clarify between
the government and just other applets
right because everyone says the Russians
as if the lawyer one monolithic thing
the true the lawyer who was at the
meeting was somebody with intense
Kremlin connections and who
advertised that she had Kremlin
connections that she said in them in the
famous email to Don jr. the Russian
government wants to elect your father I
have information from the Russian
government it could help your campaign
and he said great I love it especially
in the summer I am telling you that if
an emissary from the Russian government
had approached george w bush in the
election of 2000 and said I have
information in Al Gore that will help
you there wouldn't have been a meeting
there were no phone call to the FBI and
and there might even have been a phone
call to the gore campaign you guys
should know about this what do you think
all right so all right so you believe
that without question there was Courtney
know so I believe the Russians helped
and I believe that Donald Trump what
it's not a belief it's on video you can
look it up no I'm from welcome to help
was ready to accept the help and profit
it from the help and that and that and I
believe it made a difference in the
election I believe also that there were
Russian attempts as far as we know
they're not successful to interfere with
the actual mechanics of voting in a
number of states what here's what I
don't know I don't know whether
information regular information flowed
back from the United States to Russia
after Don juniors meeting I don't know
that I don't know whether the Russian
operation to influence the American
election benefited from any kind of
information provided by American
counterparts those are things we don't
know what what I do know is that Donald
Trump did not act patriotically and he
did not act with respect to the American
political system and I will never get
past that do you think the Democrats
have any of the same dirt on their hands
no nothing I mean look it's not beanbag
lated many they did many things I mean
when when Hillary Clinton found that
South American beauty queen who was
offended by Donald Trump do i is it
possible the Clinton campaign paid her
money for her story that's what that's
possible but there's a difference
between there by really is a bright line
difference between the usual operations
of American politics which can be pretty
rough and accept
help from the client the clandestine
service of a foreign government give me
another example didn't make a difference
so in 2004 it was no secret that Gerhard
schr√∂der of Germany and Jacques Chirac
the president France would dearly love
to see John Kerry beat george w bush
they made that very clear
they gave interviews they made very
clear they heard just counting the
minutes right until Bush was gone and it
was also clear in 2012 that Benjamin
Netanyahu of Israel preferred net Romney
to Obama your allies have opinions it is
ready none of those elections did we
have hostile foreign States China Russia
Iran actors like that working not
through talking to journalists but
through clandestine intelligence
services to help one candidate and hurt
another and have it all be visible and
have the candidate who has helped accept
the help and imagine if Iran had tried
to intervene in 2012 against or for
Obama or Romney and one of those
candidates had said you know Iran if
you're listening thank you for the help
right inconceivable but that's what
Trump did he did it on video it's not a
mystery so right so I want to really
talk about the presidency and sort of
the decisions in that but to sort of get
us to some sort of ending with this if
this all unfurls way I think you suspect
it will unfurl I mean I definitely would
be for impeachment right this is where
it's going so what I'm part of the part
that I'm struggling with this is if we
take all of the people that talk about
all this it seems to me what we're
talking about is okay well you you
impeach Trump and then really then we
have to do something which is
unprecedented which is most likely Pence
knew something and now you have to take
the whole administration out now we
suddenly have Paul Ryan as the president
or we have a review of the election and
then we're really at war this is not
sure just how Trump has already changed
us so no prep Heat the Russia part of
this just one of the things that have
that happened in no precedence is Lyndon
Johnson has operated a business while
president no no president in my memory
has directed his party's fun
into his own personal 80% of the money
that the Republican Party has spent on
events in last year wet was paid at a
Donald Trump branded resort so this is
like when they're holding meetings at
more loud or hidden a friend of mine
sent me this clip George Shultz to a
Secretary of State under Ronald Reagan
had been an important executive maybe
CEO at Bechtel the giant engineering
firm and at his confirmation hearing he
was asked mr. Schultz after you become
Secretary of State well your
relationship be with Bechtel and he said
well there's only one possible answer
nothing that's right that was the
standard so what you have is an attack
on every ethical norm of the US
government both financial and national
security and the and half of the country
is being borne along then the
discussions we are having our
discussions that I prompt if in 9 2013
as recently as that I said someday we'll
be having these discussions people think
well we will be so far gone even to
contemplate so that is unprocess about
are we heading toward an impatient of
crisis here's what we're heading toward
and here's what I really wanted my
deepest worries I think where there's a
good chance we're gonna arrive at this
place that Muller is going to report if
he's assuming he's not fired and he's
gonna discover a lot of things that are
violations of the law done by mid-level
and even upper level people and he may
discover some you know financial mal
practices are a lot of laws about things
like declaring you're a foreign agent
that there are technical rules about
can't campaign finance and he will
discover or may infractions of those but
the core thing in the Russian matter the
people like me are concerned about is
probably not illegal it's probably not
illegal for an American politician to
work with a hostile warrant no there
isn't such a law and it's hard to
imagine what such a law would look like
and so where we may be a year and a half
from now is confronting this that Donald
Trump worked in some way we may be I'm
not predicting this I'm just
hypothesizing worked in some way with a
hostile foreign intelligence service but
he himself broke no law in doing that
and now the country is going to have to
process
how to deal with that and it's going to
be part of what is going on in this new
era which is ripping apart the but the
the cords that bind us because one of
the things that makes a country is the
assumption how your connections to your
fellow Americans however much you may
disagree with them and however you may
he may have a different color skin or
have a different accent from you that
bond is more powerful than the bonds
outside the border and as American
politics becomes emphasized I think a
lot of people are saying my connections
with this global movement of reactionary
populist forces are more powerful than
my bonds to fellow Americans of
different skin and different accent and
because of that unless you could show me
that Donald Trump literally broke a
federal criminal statute I don't mind
what he did so how do we get out of this
how do we get out of either that
inevitability or do we just end up
literally fighting on the streets the
way we get out of it is we have to the
new American nation up and so we have to
do if we get out of this we're gonna do
something some are going to sound pretty
liberal and some are going to sound
pretty conservative I believe we need a
lot less immigration because that's you
have to we have to make a nation again
we've taken on a lot of new people and
I'm a naturalized citizen myself I grew
up in Canada and my family's from
Eastern Europe making nations is hard
and time-consuming so that's the
conservative part of the part you need
Allah said that that sounds pretty
trumpian actually you have a you'll have
the whole left and ever virtually every
Democrat against the other okay you need
a thicker social insurance network you
need you need a real health care system
because what we have to deal with we
have to deal with the crisis and life
expect we have to care for each other
more the idea that we went through in
the whole second Obama term people who
didn't graduate from college living less
long than their parents which literally
did not happen in the great depression
and not only did nobody do anything but
no one even noticed maybe this was found
out my pair of economists
I happened to look at some data there's
no one was paying a lot of attention to
this the opioid epidemic erupted with no
one in Washington paying much attention
to it
we need we're going to need to build a
stronger a stronger sense of national
identity and but it's going to be a
different kind of national again he's
not going to be Sarah Palin's America
but we have to we're gonna have to find
some way of agreeing what it means to be
an America and what it means not to be
an American but it is the inherent
problem there that were caught now
between Trump and sort of the Democrats
that love identity politics and neither
one of those is giving us the answer to
that I mean where is the voice that's
where is the political voice that's
learning exactly what you just said look
we've been here before you know that
melting pot story that you were told it
wasn't true at the time it was a myth we
created later when the United States
entered World War one the biggest
minority in the country was one of the
biggest with german-speaking Americans
and there was real doubt about what the
United States would be able to fight
Germany in the first world war because
the German Americans might be disloyal
and the country went on a ramp having to
ban German language in newspapers it
suppressed German language schools it
wasn't a melting pot it was a harsh and
rancorous process and the United States
had in the 1988 aftermath of World War
one um pogroms in American cities that
were very you know by white Americans
against blacks that were deadlier than
the anti-semitic could programs that
took place under the Tsar those were
facts of our history and out of that we
built but in the years after World War
two and for half a century after it's
been a strong sense of national identity
we have to do that state building and
nation building process again and some
and it's going to not look is going to
look out partly liberal partly
conservative but it's going to be a new
politics for a new century and and the
idea that people are going to that and
if anyone is standing around saying I
don't know I think what I prefer the
problems of 1982 so I can have the
solutions of 1982 I mean say you just
not helping what would you say to the
people that would say and this is a
little bit more where I fall on all this
that the government
is just not the answer to any of these
things that I hear you on all of these
problems without question no doubt but
that to me at this point that everything
you're talking about is showing me the
government no longer functions at the
federal government specifically no
longer functions in a way that it can
cope or deal with any of these things we
get then bad actors that want to wreck
the whole thing or we get these
mid-level management people that never
really do anything and that you could
look at virtually every member of
Congress that all the answers that
you're asking for I would argue have
almost nothing to do with the government
and that there's other ways now
especially because of the internet and
everything else there's other ways that
we can connect and build things right
now Elan musk is the guy that's getting
us into space Warren Buffett's working
on an alternate health care plan you
know like that
there's just other ways to do this and
that those machines they can't work
anymore
look something a lot of great social
transformations have in the American
history is different from that of other
