[Music]
all right we are live on the YouTube
sorry about the delay there people the
amount of things that go into pulling
off one of these shows is well we could
probably do a show on that at some other
time I am live with the one and only
Colin Moriarty thank you thank you for
being here
thank you for having me yeah I was
thanking you for being here that's
usually the way it goes I interviewed
you last time so I guess I'm actually in
the same exact setup so yeah no it's
good to be here I I'm trying to say no
far less than people asking me to do
shows and I always say yes to you so
you've actually got me back into the
motion about doing like a few things in
the next few weeks oh it's awesome to be
here thank you so much yeah and
congratulations by the way on your
continued success oh well
congratulations on your continued
success as well well it's funny the way
that you just did that because you did
interview me in these two chairs for
your podcast which I hope most of my
audience's listen to and for those that
haven't I think they should if they want
to just get a different more insight or
take on what's going on in my mind and
some of my history I actually think it
was probably the best interview I've
ever done which is total credit to you
oh I think you got me to open up about
things that I don't talk about that much
and periods of my life that I that are
long gone and and all that stuff so oh
you're very welcome
you have hosted in that chair yeah but
I've hosted in that chair which is weird
too I interviewed my dad in that chair
this way so it's all it's being here's a
little confusing so thank you for being
you thanks for having me all right
there's a ton I want to do you know I
always say at the end of a good
interview that if I didn't look at my
notes once that's a good one every now
and again I have to look because I need
to know something chronologically or a
specific number or something
I'm not even bringing notes to the table
today because you've been doing this for
a while we met about a year and a half
ago you were just some guy with some
gaming site yep and you tweeted
something now actually I'm telling this
story slightly backwards because I had
had you on our show first when I thought
you were just the gamer again right I
just thought you were some video game
guy we were doing a YouTube week thing I
saw your handle on Twitter no taxation I
was like this guy's kind of kind of
interesting he looks like a hipster but
he seems to be a conservative I don't
know what to make of this and I had you
on and we do this
about an hour I thought we were gonna
talk about Super Mario Brothers the
whole time and you go into just an hour
of extremely well thought out cogent
politics and and your beliefs and I was
really impressed and I said to you I
think I said it on air I was like you're
gonna be a star in the world of politics
and thank you yeah and immediately you
were on with Glenn Beck and a whole
bunch of other stuff but something else
put you on the map and I know most of
the people know it but let's just recap
it for three minutes go sure on
International Women's Day which was just
passed again and I stayed off a Twitter
that day because everyone was asking you
know I I didn't want to insult anyone
else again but I tweeted out just a joke
about my girlfriend
peace and quiet peace and quiet hashtag
a day without a woman yeah and it was a
joke for you know my girlfriend who's in
ER nurse she had just gotten back from
an overnight shift so she was getting
into bed I showed it to her like an you
think this is funny yeah just like yeah
that's funny and then with the bed and I
got up took us you know tweeted it got
up went to work and then all hell broke
loose and obviously it was a with the
years hindsight with like some time to
think about it now I mean it was clearly
a political hit and I understand that
and you know I'm sorry if it hurt people
but that wasn't the intention obviously
and are you really sorry no not really
no I mean I know I know you you're a
good guy you like to apologize for
things like you don't want to hurt
people and all that but but really like
you said a joke yeah you're in bed with
your girlfriend yeah not auntie woman
you know no not that day anyway
yeah but the no I'm not sorry for the
people that got faux offended by it but
if there was some person in Lincoln
Nebraska that really was mortified and
had to stay in bed for a few days I
really do apologize about that but
anyway my whole kind of world blew up at
that point
I quit the company I found it and
started a week later my new company CLS
Colin's last stand and it's just been a
whirlwind of the year I mean it's just
been a wild year of learning and
figuring things out and failing and
succeeding and trying and it's been you
know 60 70 80 hour weeks I haven't had a
day off all year yeah I was reflecting
on that a few days ago to my girlfriend
even when we go to Vegas pretty often
and even when we were there last time I
was just working in the hotel room the
entire time I was there so I believed it
because for the amount of times that we
try to get together and I'm like I could
bump free for the taps our clear and
you're like I got 15 minutes this way
and bah-bah-bah but I thought it was I
wanted to
start with that story because I think
it's so relevant so much that has
happened since then in our first
interview when you did that YouTube make
sure you basically predicted that this
type of thing was gonna happen to you
one day that you would step in something
politically and that then it would all
blow up and all that and I think there's
a link to everything that's going on
right now with with this Kanye stuff
which we're gonna talk about and a bunch
more but it's so it's been up basically
a nutty year for you but you survived
and I think it's important to really
acknowledge that because even something
like the International Business Times
they wrote a piece about you in the
midst of all this where they talked
about your racist tweet right very can
you repeat the tweet again it was a
peace and quiet hashtag a day without a
woman so no no no hint of racism there
and you're the one to help me get in
touch with them and it but it was up
there for a day and you know the damage
was done yeah it's it's all just
transparent clickbait and this kind of
desire to destroy and you know I've been
trying to take a step back from that
precipice myself in the way I treat
others and have really been cognizant
about that the entire year that I've
been doing CLS because I don't want to
contribute to that I want tribute to the
reason into the knowledge and to the to
kind of the step-by-step process by the
way you and I reach our conclusions as
opposed to insulting and kind of getting
into the muck I don't I'm not super into
that so yeah but we all kind of get
sucked in every day that's right like
the best of us do it I try so hard not
to and then somebody does something so
ridiculous it's usually an author or a
journalist that writes one of these
crazy things about someone I know
calling you racist you know calling
Jordan Peterson this or Shapiro this or
Sam Harris that and I'm like I know
these people these are my friends you
you don't do research you don't do any
of the things that a journalist is
supposed to do but this just seems to be
proliferating throughout everything
right now it is but I think the Kanye
situation in just other situations kind
of parallel to it that are obviously
much smaller it's a sign that people are
not or there's large swaths of people
that are not necessarily buying into it
I think the major thing that the far
left in the United States is making a
mistake with right now is assuming that
because someone like me I don't like
Donald Trump I mean I'm very vocal at
that I don't like him I don't think you
should be President
I'm a conservative I don't think he's a
real conservative and that just because
I don't like him I like them yeah
there's no way in hell you know and
there's a huge swath of us that want
nothing to do with them
yeah and but also we're a little
uncomfortable with the way conservatism
is gone or the way you know kind of I'm
not really into a socially conservative
things and stuff like that like there's
a new way forward multiple ways forward
and so that's their big mistake so they
in sultanate and they and they slander
everyone but they're not really getting
new inherence by doing it they're
actually just isolating themselves and
isolating other people from them yeah
and so that's actually kind of good for
us and along in the long term and the
midterms it's gonna pay off for the for
the Democrats and the left but I don't
think long term it's gonna be a winning
strategy you know it's funny I know
we've talked about it a little bit I'm
not so sure that conventional thinking
on this midterm thing is right because I
think the left has gone so bananas the
media has gone so crazy the left hasn't
come up with one new idea they've just
doubled down on identity politics in
from every level from Bernie on down
it's just double down double down but I
don't know that there's anyone out there
who voted for Trump or even if you were
an independent that voted for a Gary
Johnson or whatever else that anyone
that didn't yeah but I don't know that
anyone that did that is gonna go you
know what in the year-and-a-half
putting you know if you can get over
tweets Trump tweets and stuff like that
I don't see how you could possibly be
like I'm gonna vote I'm gonna suddenly
vote for identity politics I'm suddenly
gonna vote for collectivism and leftism
what may happen is that they just won't
vote in which case the outcome that
you're predicting will happen but all
right I think because of some of the nra
stuff I think this Kanye thing the
general attack on free speech and
hysteria I think even actually may go
the other way I honestly haven't heard
anyone else say that but there's
contrarian Dave I guess no I mean geez
man I mean you were I don't think you
were we've talked about this in the past
but I don't think you were one of the
people that predicted that Trump was
necessarily gonna win but you predicted
that it was much more possible I think
you were on Rogen that day yeah I guess
yeah you know I think even it was the
more Nate Silver kind of school thought
of being like he has a third of it she
like won one in three times he'll win
which is much more than the 2% or
something on Huffington Post gave yeah I
don't know if midterms are always bad
for the incumbent party and it's always
for the most engaged part
so it's all gonna be about the real
Republicans in the real Democrats I have
no investment in it especially in
California I really could care less
about what's happening I would say but
as a California guy and we watch this
state kind of plummet into the depths of
hell I mean you were from you lived in
San Francisco when we first met just
about a year and years oh yeah for ten
years excuse me I know it's hard I just
wet saying San Francisco I mean you know
what happened I just went I spoke at
Berkeley a week and a half ago I had
dinner in San Francisco in the in a
seemingly nice area there were tent
cities that we were driving by on major
streets there were homeless people
everywhere I saw someone actually
ejecting something on like a corner side
thing I believe literally our car got
broken into while we were outside of a
nice restaurant right in front of a
Chase Bank broken into stole stole all
my stuff yes I mean they're not gonna do
anything I mean obviously they're not
even you know even filing a police
report well the guy wasn't my car it was
the couple who sponsored the events car
so they did file a report but people
then on Twitter when I put the picture
up we're like how could you leave your
stuff in your car in San Francisco
everyone knows that I didn't even
realize that it was such an epidemic but
it's a massive epidemic and on top of
that there's this app that tells you
where humans are pooping on the streets
of San Francisco yes I mean I'm not
making this up up no no nice double
entendre thank you I know San Francisco
when I moved to there in 2007 I had
interned there in 2004 too but I lived
there full-time starting in 2007 there
was a charm to the city it was still
bohemian it was still it was post Comair
a pre-recession there was still
something special going on there and
obviously the wealth disparity there has
not you know and I'm not really one to
harp about that but that's obviously
destroyed the city there's 200,000 more
people living there than when I moved
there no real new infrastructure lots of
Byzantine laws where buildings can't be
higher than three or four storeys and
lots of neighborhoods but wait wait wait
Colin I'm a simple guy so you have to
explain this I thought progressive
politics which that's the home oh yeah
oh yeah I thought that was there a fixed
wealth disparity no no it's it's it's
totally that's why you know and it's
touching Oakland and Alameda and and
saying not so much San Jose I guess but
parts of the valley where it's just San
Francisco just kind of fell apart and
before my very eyes and it's very sad
there's a lot to love about that city
and it's just yeah
progressive politics have taken it over
but more than that it's just you know
the tech industry is kind of ruining
things you're seeing an in Venice
actually to where I'm in I live in Santa
Monica now and snapchats in Venice and
you see it's amazing you see literal
tags everywhere spray-paint tags have
just you know snapchat snapchat
snapchat go home and stuff like you're
seeing kind of small things like that
happen there so it's a complicated
situation but California overall I mean
I love the idea of splitting it into
multiple parts and stuff like that so
that you know there are more Republicans
in California than any other state well
there definitely is a nascent Republican
or conservative or libertarian movement
here you know I had John Kasich in here
just a couple weeks ago and that's yeah
he was thanks he was here too with
Schwarzenegger to meet with California
conservatives to kind of figure out how
do we how do we step back from the abyss
right now that this state is going into
and most likely I mean it's pretty sad I
love LA you know from the day I moved
here a little over five years ago I have
loved it here every day and I've been
successful here and I've met tons of
great people and it's like man Gavin
Newsom who was the the mayor of San
Francisco who is as left of left of left
of left he could be the governor here I
mean so he could get worse than it is
you know he'll make Jerry Brown look
look moderate or make them look you know
something else Jerry Brown's the worst
by the way just the heat-seeking missile
that any public office whoo-hoo because
whose governor and then like Attorney
General mayor of Oakland then governor
like it's just like any open office
there's gonna be like the local
librarian or something in San Francisco
yeah would you before California really
splitting yeah I mean people are
grumbling about it now yeah absolutely I
think California you know we're from the
East Coast states are a little smaller a
little quaint they're a little more
colonial in their size the states out
here California is too big I mean what
is it like 1/6 of the country's
population in one state there's a bunch
of voiceless people here and I don't
blame them for wanting I'm one of those
voiceless people we were just talking
about taxes before the amount of taxes
that I paid last years is astronomical
would any people throw up in their
mouths of their if they knew you know
and it was revealing the numbers that we
paid in taxes and it's not cry me a
river here but I can I can honestly tell
you that I paid in taxes because I just
wrote the check you know a week or two
ago more basically than I made in almost
any year of my life until the last two
years that I ever made ya know I think
that that's what we're dealing with
absolutely yeah it's terrible I mean
success comes you know my accountant was
trying to talk me down being like it's
just a matter of success like relax you
know and I'm like I appreciate that I
respect that but to be robbed by the
state in such a gratuitous way and I get
nothing in return for it literally
nothing I don't know like what their
what they're doing with that money it no
it's super sad and I was telling people
on Twitter that you know with the
uncertainty that comes with owning a
business especially in California you'll
again also 1.5 percent of gross receipts
you owe to the state no matter if you I
think you made a profit or not which is
fantastic I would love to hire an editor
I'd love to hire someone full-time when
I looked kind of funny one of my major
things when we hire two people that
still work there that I never got to
work with one of my major things was
like let's pay them well let's pay them
fairly and give them security and give
them something that they can rely upon
and I'd like to do that for an employee
of mine as well but now they have their
hands in my pockets and I just don't
know yeah I don't wanna bring someone on
for six months promise them the world
and then be like it's not working out
yeah and a lot of that comes from
financial and you know the kind of
financial uncertainty with living in
California I was making life I have no
idea why I'm really here you know I go
live in Alaska or something I do the
same exact thing I'm doing you know so
yeah I thought it was just so that every
now and again we could play contra
together well I love and you're right
about the mist like that the our Mis
schedules I often when I'm around where
you live I often text you like on the
fiving I'm going to a meeting here are
you available yeah from 1:00 to 2:00 it
never works out so you're one of the
reasons I'm here usually like I'm in the
Dagobah system and I can't make it there
right now all right well look I I have
no intentions with you right now other
than let's just shoot the I want
you to question me as much as I question
you but I do want to dive into the Kanye
thing a look at it cuz I think and I'm
doing my direct message tomorrow about
this I think there has been an awakening
I mean I think this thing is absolutely
huge that being said I don't know what
tremendous him but I don't I'm not a
huge fan of Kanye beyond the headlines I
don't know that much about him but I
know that this guy is a mover this guy
is someone who truly by what he says can
change culture I do know Candace
personally and I've had her on a bunch
and we were just at Berkeley last week
and I'll be in New Hampshire with her on
Tuesday I like her a lot she's evolving
as she's doing all this that puts her in
a very dangerous precarious position
right now to have so much of the
microscope on her hair this is all
evolving
do you think that him just tweeting
