[Music]
all right I want to get down to all the
things we should be eating we talked
about green leafy things yeah but
there's a lot more to it than that
that's what a lot of this is about so
let's get to it if you want to someone's
watching this right now yeah maybe
they're eating poorly maybe they're
eating okay maybe they think they're
doing a pretty good job but they want to
just kind of reset yeah take them from
beet one yeah so I mean I think the
first thing that people should do is
really cut out the processed foods which
is harder than it seems you know and and
I definitely my heart goes out to people
that feel like they can't give up the
junk food because again you know these
foods are not designed to be consumed in
moderation the advice to eat everything
in moderation is horrible in the modern
world in the modern supermarket
literally our our supermarket aisles are
lined with foods that are designed by
scientists that are paid a lot more than
you and I to create insatiable
overconsumption and addiction yeah wait
let's let's focus on that because it
sounds like it's not true but it's
actually true like they actually have
people working on isn't this what they
did with Doritos originally I think I
think that they mean that Cool Ranch
flavor
I usually just - I literally used to
just lick those chips you don't want to
eat your fingers yeah yeah yeah so there
are literally scientists working for
these companies making you want more and
more and more of this absolutely these
foods you know net which now make up
again 60% of the calories consumed in
the u.s. are designed to screw up your
brain and usually what happens is the
scientists will combine some parts sugar
wheat usually with fat and salt and it
creates this this unique mixture of
delectable you know mouthfeel as well as
just you know the the the exact
sensation that we've evolved basically
to seek out more of it just sets off
dopamine fireworks in our brains is that
actually the same thing that happens to
your brain when you do drugs and then
you need more drugs I mean is it really
the same chemical reactions that are
happening yeah absolutely if not worse I
mean they've done Studies on on
rats for example which are all it'd
basically in rats provide a really great
look into the behavior that certain
foods drive because you know they've got
no super-ego to steer them from what it
is that they really want to do they're
all it so they've shown that rats
actually prefer sugar to cocaine which
is funny because rats really like
cocaine yeah hi
rats really like cocaine they really
like cocaine yeah but um no I mean we
tend to think you know of ourselves as
having had like a moral failure right
like when we go through a whole bag of
chips or like eat the whole pint of ice
cream but again like these foods are not
designed to be consumed in moderation
they're designed literally to have you
finish that whole pint or that whole bag
and then go back as a repeat customer
yeah I always think the branding of it
is so funny to like you see all these
things like guilt-free chips or don't
feel bad about how fat you are it's for
any of this stuff and it's like it's all
this weird psychological play to get you
to keep eating ah yes no once you pop
you can't stop it's like a truism with
scientific backing yeah at this point
all right so the the reset person that's
watching this right now that's gonna
start doing some yeah okay get the
processed stuff out and that includes
like that's pretty much all the stuff
that you see in the frozen section yeah
like like all of that frozen breakfast
stuff and all those sandwiches and all
definitely and actually you know a
really good recommendation for people
that are really trying to make this
change is to first actually which is
kind of counterintuitive but to work on
your sleep sleep I like to say allows a
person getting good quality adequate
sleep gives a person the hormonal
fortitude to make those dietary changes
so when you you know when you're under
slept actually a study was just put out
showing the people tend to over consume
and eat excess calories predominantly
from these exact kinds of foods so yeah
optimising sleep and then what do they
say on sleep like is it eight hours
really is that what they want for like
the average yeah eight hours is a good
amount and then it's that's also roughly
the amount of sleep that you need to
maximize growth hormone which is an
important hormone in the body for
preserving lean mass but yeah I mean in
quality sleep as well so I mean not just
getting those eight hours but making
sure that those eight hours are really
you know super high quality
and we can get into ways of optimizing
sleep I guess one of them one of the
best ways that I like to optimize my
sleep and I find it to be very effective
is to limit my exposure to screens at
night because what time do you shut down
yeah I mean I shut down I try to shut
down two to three hours before bed or if
I if I'm not shutting down and I have to
work up until the point of which you
know I go to bed I mean let's face it
living in the real world you know
sometimes we have to respond to an
urgent email I use blue light blocking
glasses mm-hmm
which I'm a big fan of actually and
there's good research on amber colored
glasses and their ability to sort of
mitigate some of the loss of melatonin
do you know is that the same effect that
the iPhone has now with their night
thing is that that same thing I'm not
sure that I'm filtering yeah
yeah I'm not sure if it's comparable
actually I mean I'd feel it certainly
feels way better to my eyes when night
shift is on but yeah I mean I noticed
that when I so in my house in New York
I've got it's my brother's I live with
my brother he has a massive TV it's like
85 inches or just one of the biggest
monsters at television I've ever seen in
my life and you know he likes to watch
movies up until the point at which he
goes to bed and that's not my preference
but I do that with him sometimes and
I'll watch like a movie up until like
midnight or something and I notice that
when I have that amount of light pouring
into my face when I go to bed right
after that I'll oftentimes actually wake
up feeling hungover even though I've
never I've had the eight hours of sleep
and I hadn't had any alcohol
I just feel under slept and not
rejuvenated whereas when I wear the blue
light blogging glasses and I have no you
know I'm not uh you know formally
affiliated with any of these companies I
don't manufacture them in any sense but
uh but I do find that they work I wait I
wake up feeling a lot more refreshed
when I hear them I well I think that the
digital piece of this is so interesting
as I talk about it with almost every
guest like just the frustration with
social media and not putting this stuff
down in digital addiction and and all of
this and it's like one of the things
that I've tried to do is I never bring
my phone into my room anymore
badge tomorrow I just stopped doing it
because I realized wow right before I go
to bed I'm looking at my phone and then
literally the first thing I do when I
wake up yeah before I brush my teeth
before I go to the bathroom is I'm
suddenly looking at my phone again like
even if it's all wonderful news it's
probably not and it's usually not yeah
but even if it was it's probably not a
great way to start saying so that and
I've really really been trying to do no
technology on the weekends and I think
and I think that that's really helped so
is there some sort of connection between
all of that and and like just the
digital monster that's affecting iodine
- yeah I mean there's no you're just
like well yeah I mean I think from a
mood standpoint for sure I mean like you
know our stress response evolved at a
time when things that were stressful to
us required our immediate attention
right so cycle there yeah like a bear in
your face yeah like this like protracted
long-term psychological stress though
that so many of us have you know so
commonly today is a fairly new invention
in on the evolutionary timescale and the
media for example knows this and like an
app developer app developers know this
that's why I like you turn on any you
know news station local news especially
they abide by the if it bleeds it leads
mentality put the most anxiety inducing
segment up front or tease at it at least
so that it causes an expression of or an
upregulation of norepinephrine in the
brain which is basically the brain's
focus and attention neurotransmitter
associated with stress and that's
something that you know it makes you
more alert makes you feel more awake and
so when you read you know doom and gloom
news on your on your smartphone you're
basically having the same exact stress
response yeah it's funny how when you
step away from it a little bit to how
silly it almost seems so like when I get
away on the weekend and then I'm back on
Monday if I look back at anything that
might have happened and I see all these
people find I'm like wow you all spent
your weekend just fighting about this
stuff it's one thing that we're doing it
on the weekdays and maybe we can all
manage that myself included maybe we can
all manage that a little differently
nope that endless sort of you know way
out thing it's it's a lot it also yeah I
mean I'm not as familiar with the there
was this there was a study that came out
showing that just
having your smartphone around you is
exhausting from a cognitive standpoint
you know just sort of having it around
and sort of feeling that pull we get
addicted to it I mean it sort of you
know hijacks our dopamine systems as
well you know being addicted to social
media that's a real thing yeah it's
interesting to me though because people
watch this show and we know what our
watch times are and they're off the
charts for for YouTube which usually has
like a seven second watch time or
something and that shows to me that
people want long-form they actually want
something that isn't so insulting to
their senses to their brain now
ironically many people are watching this
right now or listening on their phones
but a lot of people listen on their
phones while they're doing exercise or
while their computer you're saying but I
do sense that people want something else
so it's like the news is giving us the
local news as you're saying they're
giving us something we don't want
because they know it'll keep us there
but food companies are giving us
something that's not good for us because
they know it'll keep us there we now
know Tristan Harris who I've had on
talked about how the tech companies and
you just alluded to this are giving us
things that they know are bad first so
it really is your job yeah it's like a
full-time job now as a human to be like
I'm gonna do the things that actually
argued for me not the things you keep
feeding well exactly and you know that's
why I think it's such a shame because we
each are heir to this amazing gift right
the human brain yet the modern world is
like The Hunger Games right like
attacking it from every which way and we
are not equipped with the tools to
understand you know what to do to sort
of fix that situation yeah and so yeah I
mean I definitely recommend people
taking a break you know from social
media from news the 24-hour news cycle I
think is just not healthy and then also
certainly food you know I think food is
a major part of it lifestyle you know
one of the things that I talked about in
the book we go into depth is the fact
that you know not only are we more
sedentary than we've ever been not
getting enough exercise but you know
there's a there was another form of
exercise that we all had for the
majority of our evolution and that is
thermal exercise you know today we live
in a time where you know there's chronic
climate control you know and that's
something that seems to be to the
detriment of our metabolisms
so I talked about how you can use you
know cold showers to enhance vigilance
which is one of the few things that you
can do that you actually feel a shift in
your consciousness are you big on that
people there are these people that like
jump from like the hot tub to a freezing
cold I do that yeah you know wait maybe
it was you that I thought you were you
took a picture like in a pool or
something yeah yeah it must've been you
I think the first time I saw it so what
is that so you jump in from hot water to
cold water in your system is just like
constantly rebooting yeah well it's
called contrast therapy so basically you
know and your and a lot of the
mechanisms are sort of conserved between
the two activities so you know when you
go into a cold when you go into like a
sauna for example you're activating
something called heat shock proteins
which are there to sort of guard the
proteins in your body against
disfigurement which is really important
because a lot of the diseases that we're
talking about Alzheimer's disease
Parkinson's disease are associated with
misfolded proteins so anytime we can
sort of activate these heat shock
proteins seems to be helpful
they're also activated when you expose
yourself to cold air yeah there's really
good there's really good research a lot
of people now are practicing cryotherapy
as a means of enhancing you know
vigilance reducing inflammation boosting
metabolism increasing the proliferation
of brown fat we all have a kind of fad
in us that it wasn't thought that adults
carried it with them past you know
childhood or infancy but now we know
that we actually have this sort of fad
it's actually a good fat a fad that we
want more of because it's metabolically
active and it burns calories so by going
into cold I mean keeping ourselves
exposed too you know it intermittent
cooler temperatures we actually
encourage the proliferation of this hat
which is really cool so I thought by
moving to LA and being an 80-degree so
every day was good that was a good thing
I guess it's good for my vitamin D but
that's not good for some of this other
stuff yeah yes I so I think getting back
to that you know having a little bit
more thermal stress in our lives is
important they've done really good
research on people with type 2 diabetes
and have found that you know even mild
cold below you know or higher I should
say than then what would be like a
freezing temperature does improve
insulin sensitivity which is sort of the
hallmark of metabolic
health which is really interesting it's
a way to improve your health without
even doing anything I mean you basically
just turn the dial on your air
conditioner down a little bit more yeah
all right so now let's circle back okay
okay this person starts that word this
imaginary person that we're talking
about that's watching right now I'm
going all right I'm going to incorporate
some of that stuff yes they're gonna get
the the Eggos leg oh my they're gonna
get that out of the way processed food
in the morning right what are they
replacing that with for breakfast yeah
so I mean start this day okay let's
start the day well first of all there is
no biological need for breakfast so
let's just get you know get that out of
the picture but I thought breakfast was
the most important meal of the day the
meal that you break your fast with is
important but there's no biological need
to eat as soon as you wake up so whether
you push that first meal an hour after
you wake up or two hours after you wake
up you should be able to do that I mean
breakfast is a fairly new construct you
know in the evolutionary sense and also
when you wake up first thing in the
morning your body has a really unique
hormonal milieu where it wants to burn
fat you know cortisol is at its highest
it Peaks immediately after you wake up
and cortisol is sort of like the body's
fat burning hormone it's the body's
chief catabolic hormone liberate stored
fatty acids sugars proteins and sort of
throw breakfast into that equation
especially in the most commonly the most
commonly consumed form of it which is
you know as you said like a Lego an eggo
waffle yeah no offense there go and
Doritos before yeah where does naming
some things here yeah yeah what for the
person though that wants to have you
know something in the morning fat and
fiber and protein so you know eggs are a
perfect food to eat first thing in the
morning a scramble for example with some
spinach kale and some extra virgin olive
oil or you can use a little bit of
coconut oil that's a you know great eat
an avocado oh those are two good oils
cuz every I feel like every year someone
says grapeseed oils good now I know you
I saw on your website get rid of the
great yellow carrot or something to do a
grapeseed oil okay no problem yes but
when you're cooking you so basically
you're saying coconut oil or coconut oil
is good yeah you can actually cook with
a extra-virgin olive oil it maintains
you know it doesn't oxidize the way
some of these awful grain and seed oils
will corn oil soybean oil canola oil
grape seed oil these are the worst yeah
that's basically like the smoke point
part right where it becomes actually
interestingly and this is a question I
get asked a lot smoke point and the
temperature at which an oil oxidizes
there there's no relationship so smoke
point is something that's like a
culinary concern more than anything else
and in fact these oils like canola oil
corn oil soybean oil are so heavily
processed in order for them to have a
high smoke point but actually they
become rancid at much lower temperatures
whereas you take a you know like a fat
like butter butter will start to smoke
pretty early on but it's not because the
fat oxidizing is because of the proteins
and the KCM you know the trace lactose
encasing and found in butter but that
actually has no bearing on whether or
not it's good or bad for you
so basically though if you were making
you know an egg yeah you some use some
kale and spinach you're talking about
olive oil you're talking about coconut
oil use some water or butter yeah yeah
exactly yeah because you know the more
saturated an oil is the more chemically
stable it's gonna be at higher
temperatures so higher heat cooking you
want to use coconut oil butter ghee lard
tallow things like that
my coffee right now it's got ghee and
MCT oil and and collagen in it it
doesn't really taste like coffee anymore
but it's not bad collagen is awesome I
did a great you know article deep dive
into the health benefits of collagen on
my website and MCT oil is great I don't
you know I don't really see people that
have no idea MCT oil it's it's like an
extract of coconut oil yes yeah so MCT
oil is digested differently than other
fats it basically goes straight to the
liver and it becomes converted to
ketones which are a sort of alternate
fuel that the brain will readily use
when they're available and there's some
really interesting research on MCT as a
potential intervention for patients with
Alzheimer's disease it might
theoretically help people sort of wean
themselves off of carbs by sort of
