[Music]
all right so let's really focus on what
you've done with the Michaela school
that you started in 2014 there was a lot
in in the research that I was doing
about discipline really before you even
get to education so you guys do a
bootcamp before you get to teaching them
anything you're actually teaching them
some things P early about discipline and
and sort of how to live how to behave
yeah yeah and that's because we believe
you haven't taught them how to behave
then you can't give them a detention for
it because they don't know how and the
reason why they don't know how is
because we know that elsewhere they
haven't necessarily been taught they
haven't necessarily learned it at home
they certainly want to learn it at other
schools and that's because our
expectations are really high and so we
teach them we have silence in the
corridors for instance so that's
something people come and they say why
do you have to be so extreme I'll tell
you why you had to be so extreme because
otherwise you've got kids fighting in
the corridors bashing each other's heads
against the wall some schools where
teachers are scared to walk through the
corridors because it's such mayhem you
have silence everybody just moves really
quickly to their lessons you've got
change over that takes maybe a minute
and a half children aren't losing loads
of time from their lessons I we say 59
minutes out of every 60 minutes in the
lesson you've got it at Makayla and
we're trying to catch them up you know a
lot of our kids come to us for the
reading age of a five-year-old
six-year-old when they are 11 years old
in fact I mean some of them aren't like
that some of them are Oxbridge material
and we'll go to oxford a Cambridge and
some of them need real help so that they
don't leave school illiterate and a
numeron 20% of the kids in Britain leave
school illiterate and innumerate right
20% one out of five kids now and that's
functionally so it looks like they can
read but they can't really read and this
is happening across the country and it's
become normal to expect that now none of
our kids going to be in that position
because we teach them so and we teach
them in an environment where the
children are able to respect their
teachers they love their teachers they
thanked them for their lessons at the
end of their lessons they say good
morning and good afternoon and so on and
things that you would never imagine you
know inner-city kids you you you know if
you have an idea
in your head if what need to see kids
are like you imagine the boys walking
with their with the trousers down here
in the kind of way and and and girls
dressing in a way that isn't appropriate
at our school none of that exists so you
do have a dress code right well they
have a uniform the uniform and that's
normal in Britain everybody has a
uniform yeah but the thing is we
actually stick to the uniform so you go
elsewhere there the ties are down
the shirts are untagged they look like a
mess they walk like a gangster I'm
always saying to the kids I mean if they
start if they ever start barking like
that I say you look like a gangster you
need to stop that right and they get it
they say yeah yeah I miss yeah yeah I
get it I get it and then they start
doing it because we talk about getting
to the best universities we want you to
get the Ivy League universities to get
to Russell Group universities in Britain
and we want you to have you know you aim
for the moon you land amongst the stars
that's why we think right and so they're
all really ambitious and they're all
working hard why anyone would be against
this as a concept okay I don't know so
when you hear pushback against that I
guess it's that people think it's like
presumptuous or something to imply that
their parents can't do it even if often
the parents are failing or or the
parents just have to work too hard and
they don't have time to do the things
that you're doing and I think then
people think there's a racial element to
that so if you even address that I
actually have a problem with it itself
they don't like the idea of us being in
authority mmm they don't like they think
being in authority means that we must be
Nazis I've been called not a Nazi many a
time which is a bit ironic when you
think that what the Nazis would have
done to somebody like me but exactly so
and they don't like the idea of us being
in authority and us being in charge so
one we're really key on discipline but -
we want the discipline so that we can
teach them properly and this is where
you're referring to what you said yes
sir I was watching you at the Oxford
Union and you said about how kids need
to be taught properly and I was and
you've said they need to be taught
critical thinking and take me to task
yeah yeah yeah the thing is is that you
can't teach critical thinking right peep
are critical in their thinking or
independently minded or inquisitive when
they know lots about something and it's
only by knowing lots it's like a 10,000
hour thing you know you got Malcolm
Gladwell you got you know Steve Jobs you
got the Beatles you spend a lot of time
doing something you will get really good
at it and then you'll be able to break
the rules uh-huh
but if you're trying to break the rules
right right away when you don't know
anything then you end up with kids and
this is it the public don't realize just
how bad things are where kids don't know
where Paris is you know kids don't know
in Britain who Winston Churchill is you
know they genuinely they have no idea
and that's because nobody's taught them
because people are anti knowledge so the
grandfather to like the whole knowledge
movement is is Edie Hirsch and he's an
American his most recent book is why
knowledge matters which I would
encourage all of your viewers to read
you know education is the most important
thing in any country right and and
that's one of reasons I'm so pleased to
be talking to you because people need to
realize you know you you you can have
all your arguments about free speech and
about about I don't know guns and about
whatever it is you want but if the
schools are not teaching children
properly then that is the end of any
country right and I am desperately
trying to shout as much as I can to tell
people too that we need to do something
and we are doing something I mean we're
doing something and other people we're
not the only ones you know there are
other people who are doing things we
named mckaela mckaela after a woman who
died of cancer who I used to work with
and she in her own classroom used to do
exactly this and there are teachers all
over America and all over Britain doing
this in their own classrooms we need we
need it to be more than that we need
entire school districts you know we need
people to get this point and when you
said about teaching critical thinking
it's a romantic view that comes from
Rousseau so 18th century philosopher
Rousseau and he said you know man is
born free but everywhere in Chains this
whole idea of you education makes you
less
free this is what the the progressives
think and actually self-control brings
you freedom right it's counterintuitive
but actually order and structure make
you free they allow you to pursue all
those avenues of knowledge basically
because you have a sort of Center
exactly if you learn lots about
something then you're able to apply that
knowledge in different ways so I mean as
an example um you know if you take a
math question that a primary school kid
might be given you know John has 8 cents
at the end of the day it's one quarter
of what he had at the beginning of the
day how much money did he spend during
the day now I think I can do it and I
don't I think you can - I'm terrible at
math but I do I think you can do it is
because you got short-term memory and
long-term memory and you've got a whole
bunch of math facts in your long-term
memory that you're able to draw out
you're able to go quarter know there's 4
of those in a hole and then you're able
to go 4 times 8 because I know my 4
times table and then I can do
subtraction so I can take it to 24 yeah
right now if you're 7 years old however
if you have to hold all those facts in
your working memory working memory can't
do it you have got to drill and practice
those a time table facts for instance
and put them into your long-term memory
and put those fractions into your
long-term memory so that when somebody
gives you something more complex you can
go bam bam bam and bring it out and then
you've got the answer sadly what happens
is people say now what we need to do is
teach some complex problem-solving let's
give them that mm-hmm
first you got to break it down what are
the bits underneath that you've got to
build up from and that stuff is a bit
boring yeah and because it's boring and
isn't very romantic this ruse I was
talking about for soso Rousseau this
idea with you you you you bring it out
of the child right so they they have
this phrase which says you know the mind
is not a vessel to be filled but a spark
to be ignited it all sounds really
exciting and thrilling right and that's
the thing it's so seductive it pulls
everybody in but the reality is that
actually what you need is a whole lot of
facts and you're in your memory
there that you can then go boom boom
boom and apply now that doesn't mean
that you're just a parrot and you just
end up learning a whole load of facts
which you then can just you know
regurgitate you need to apply them and
you need to give children the chance to
apply them and have a class discussion
and we do paired work and so on often in
more progressive places they'll do group
work
they'll put five kids four kids around
the table and they do group work and
then what happens is the teacher moves
amongst them as a facilitator of
learning as opposed to the teacher who's
driving the bus I always say the teacher
needs to sit in the bus and drive and
the kids get on the bus with you and go
the more progressive way you're there
just keeping them on task you do that
let me come and see you you do that but
they don't learn very much and then they
don't succeed and then we say it's
because they were black it's because
they were poor what we need to do is
give them welfare and then they'll be
okay because that will make them equal
and my point is no fix the education
system give them an education and then
they'll make themselves equal gosh this
reminds me of
so I mentioned I'm not that good at math
and I remember the day I haven't thought
about this in probably 15 maybe
literally maybe 20 years I remember
being in sixth or seventh grade and we
were doing division for the first time
yes and I remember the teacher gave us
we had a quiz or something and I was
able to do it in my head and I so she
they had you know the the equation and I
just wrote the answer and she gave me AI
failed or I got a zero or something even
though I had all the answers right she
said you didn't show your work and I and
I remember saying her but I got all the
answers right and she said no no I need
to see how you do work now I didn't know
how to do it that way but somehow I was
able to do it in my head and I remember
thinking that if that was all necessary
to show the work that at some point I
would get to a place where I would have
to do it but somehow I had figured out
my little trick first but because of the
way she kind of just failed me for it it
completely turned me off man I really
haven't thought of that in probably 20
years or something that's this total
sidebar altogether but I guess just to
show that we all we all kind of learned
differently and you need teachers that
can kind of embrace the way you do it a
little bit rather than just jam it down
your throat
yeah well you use which is probably a
little bit
the progressive thing that you don't
like in a way yeah what I would say is
you remember that particular incident
and think that's all it was but I
guarantee you that had you been taught
properly in that classroom you would
have known her methods yeah you would
have known what to write down you didn't
know what to write down cuz there was
too much chaos in the classroom you
weren't listening
you were busy talking to your friend
because she let you talk because she
didn't have high enough standards of
behavior and so you there yeah well and
that's it because this is just standard
this is just what happens in all
classrooms and then people think you
know it's mean to make kids behave and
after a while the thing is is that
remember there's more of them than there
is of us right so we're not actually
making them do anything they want to
behave we're just creating an
environment where they're able to do it
right that's all now there's there's the
there's the 10% there's the 10% on the
outskirts that the detentions I saw and
keep them in line right but the vast
majority you need that tipping point
the vast majority buy into what we do
and if you come visit our school the
kids will say to you yeah it's super
strict and yeah we get the tensions but
you know what I get a great education
yeah and that's what I want because I
want the opportunity to be able to
change my stars and if you believe that
if you believe in equality of
opportunity which sadly I think too many
people in education don't believe in
equality of opportunity if you do then
you want to provide an environment where
they're going to be able to do that and
and and that's what we do and and I and
I really hope those teachers who come
and visit us they're able to take from
that and and and and do something in
their schools yeah well first off I told
you before we started I'm gonna be in
the UK with Jordan beaters and put a
couple stops so I will do everything I
can to stop by and maybe I can get
Jordan to swing by wow yeah daughter is
Mikayla by the way so they're really
deep powerful powerful what about the
type of kids you've mentioned that
there's some diversity and the type of
kids that are coming and how do you guys
decide who actually can can cut it and
can afford it and other you know all of
that well it's not up to us who comes to
us it's the local council that kind of
send kids to us so we gotta they decide
well it's a lottery and people apply and
then they get picked out of a hat
literally and then and then they come
some of the people you know some of the
kids would end up with us didn't even
necessarily want to be with us they just
end up being pushed towards us because
that's the way the system goes I mean
frankly I don't even understand the
system but we get a bunch of kids we got
120 kids in every year so it's a pure
lottery to get to the school yeah and
basically if they don't win the lottery
so to speak they're just going to the
public school because at that point most
likely the parents can't afford a
private school right yeah yeah no
definitely the parents can't afford a
private school but there's no I mean you
talk about it as if we're different I
mean like we're just another school
there's loads of schools like us in that
sense around I mean we are a free school
but yeah it doesn't it's not like we're
the free school and then there's the
local public school there's loads
there's lots of schools and and parents
will choose us if they want to and as I
say sometimes we end up with with with
kids because the system is such that you
have to choose your top five schools and
you know if you chosen us fifth you
probably don't want to be with us but in
the name of fairness as the people
who've chosen as fifth have just as much
of a chance getting it and as the people
Jackson got very American there I grew
up in Canada so but yeah so people who
don't want to come to us come to us and
people who do really want to come to us
come to us and look you know I call
myself the dragon lady and I say you
know what I'm not gonna change and if
you're happy to put up with me these are
the rules and this is what we do so if
we hear your phone or if we see your
phone we'll take it and we will keep it
for up to 16 weeks and that's the way
that it is
you know these smart phones are killing
kids I wanted to get there yeah yeah
what do you make of that because it's a
it's a disaster and in 20 years people
are gonna know you know when I say it
now people say oh you're being extreme
you know some schools they actually have
these phones out in lessons lots of
schools they have them out in corridors
and in the yard and so on
we have them banned completely and I'm
even trying to get parents to take them
away at home we know we sell brick
phones so your phone that you can't
access the Internet
so that trouble you try and encourage
parents give them that you want to keep
in touch with a kid fine I understand
but you don't need to give them a
smartphone that accesses the Internet
you know Steve Jobs Bill Gates all of
those big guys in nightie they don't
give their children phones until they're
15 they keep them away when Steve Jobs
in 2010 and the iPad came out and he was
interviewed and they said what did you
think about what does he what do your
kids think about the iPad and he said I
don't know I wouldn't give my kids the
iPad he they they protect their children
meanwhile our parents have no idea
they're there saving up for months but
give their kids this Christmas present
and it's it's it's like giving them
heroin I say it's like playing Russian
roulette you know who you give anybody
access to your child on this phone right
any weirdo out there knows who your
child lives knows where how they go to
school knows where they go to school
knows who their friends are they get in
I'm in I I don't understand
well the reason why people do this is
because they don't know and they don't
think about the dangers not just with
random people but also lovely girls who
get involved with the bad boys at school
bad boys who might be criminals
elsewhere etc and they they quite like
them and they wouldn't otherwise known
them but oh you maybe he's gonna add me
on snapchat whoa you know and this is
the kind of it's terrible what about
just for attention spans because I would
imagine you're dealing with a lot of
that for young people right now it's not
supposed to have snapchat as you just
said exactly so you know before when
they used to watch you know Dallas and
dynasty and so on at least there was a
narrative arc that went like this and it
told a story and then something bad
happened and then it gets resolved and
so on never gonna happen anymore
you got like 20 second I went to the
hairdresser's look at this man's bald
head and there's a little ditty that's
what they're watching right right it's
terrible so smartphones are a huge
problem for the inner city and but the
biggest problem I would say our
progressive teaching methods that have
infiltrated our schools and sadly this
kind of Russo an idea that you're
drawing something out of the child as
opposed to putting something in and the
