[Music]
all right people
we're alive on the YouTube and we are
officially kicking off Ruben report
YouTube week in partnership with library
today joining me today is a satirist a
guy who is booted off the Twitter and a
guy just trying to make people sane
again yeah I totally I'm just trying to
make people happy again D King nice to
meet you David good to be nice to meet
you we just met in the last like five
minutes it's true we have up you know
it's funny I watch I've been following
you for a while yeah been following you
for a while I've been seeing your stuff
you seem like a guy that you could
easily just spit into my city I can fit
into your city you're on your fair city
of Montreal absolutely yeah absolutely I
haven't been there for about 15 or 20 I
know and we were talking a bit about it
but but yeah it's it's it's definitely
displayed extensively into my identity
online and just throughout you know yeah
yeah well I'm looking forward to this
now we're kicking off YouTube week with
you okay but in there's something kind
of funny happening here because this is
the the first show of YouTube week
today's Monday we're doing five shows in
five days I've already shot the other
five house
so you're the last one that I'm doing
but you're the first one airing and
we're doing it live I have to say the
others were quite spectacular so you're
under a lot of pressure that's okay I'm
pretty sure it'll be fine it'll be fine
we'll be good and I had a lot of steam
you just make me laugh people love to
laugh people love to laugh you can if
you can throw a joke my way I'm gonna
laugh and everyone's gonna be like I
this is the best episode there is a joke
or two in here somewhere I feel like we
can get some emotion at you for sure a
smiley guy you're an emotional guy you
like to yell I mean I sounds I like to I
like to yell so long as I know it's
gonna be like it's gonna turn into a
joke I don't want to yell at people I
feel like everyone's yelling yeah
everyone's yelling I mean listen you're
present on Twitter how cousin would you
say you're on Twitter to present I would
say to imagine yeah to present what do
you mean present by in the moment yeah
in the moment yeah well I'm very in the
moment on Twitter but you know you've
been booted from Twitter yeah oh you
were in that exclusive group oh wait
let's pause for a sec before we go to
that okay I'll try to do a little
research just about your background and
a little you know a little family stuff
and that kind of thing
really I could not you tryna docks me I
was gonna no it's good yeah I'm gonna
have my guys release it while we're
doing that's great
I couldn't find a tremendous amount
about you so give me give me a little
bit about your history and that kind of
thing okay so you want me to start that
you want me to start with my my mom my
dad stuff like that
mom dad sure growing up education that
kind of thing yeah well my dad he he
grew up in a region of India called
Madhya Pradesh and and he grew up in a
town called Jabbar pool and he grew up
with a silver spoon in his mouth he was
a his his father was in his grandfather
actually was in the British Navy he was
a doctor
and he served in the First World War and
the Afghan war and I for the longest
time thought it was the first world war
in the second world war but it's
actually first world war Afghan war and
and yeah he so he is pretty much living
on land that was granted to him by the
by the by by the British yeah and so my
dad had a pretty nice upbringing he went
to British schools English education you
know Catholic education on top of that
like you really just all around my
mother was a national like we're just
gonna skip over my mom my mom grew up in
poverty right so she had to really kind
of climb the ranks and she ended up
becoming a national field hockey coach
in India and yeah yeah she was on her
way to really becoming very very
successful and I don't rub my makeup off
ya know it's really good yeah cuz I mean
I look obvious so it's really it's
quite exactly that's it that's it we did
an I'm just I'm literally just the voice
box for the right here guys the voice
box for the right yes yeah I know I'm so
I mean that might you know my dad came
to Canada
and he you know he got his he got his
degree in computer science I came here
to become a systems analyst and he went
back met my mom brought her here and my
mom actually abandoned all her dreams to
pretty much raised me and my sister so
for the longest time I didn't truly that
didn't click with me and we just I would
say in the last like year year and a
half it really has dawned on me that my
mother sacrificed her entire life to
turn me into the human that I am now
Wow yeah how did you have that moment
with her did she bring it up it wasn't
actually was brought up based on all the
the stuff that I was watching on YouTube
just the this this anti you know like
this whole
just do the anti feminist movement
things like that like things like about
you know how I think one of the things
that really stood out to me was this
this this this fight back against the
traditional woman you know and which i
think is okay I mean I'm cool with women
doing whatever they want to do and they
should they totally should but there's
this there's this beautiful thing about
about a woman that wants to be a mother
a woman that wants to take care of her
kids a woman wants to take care of the
home it just it's so there's so much
value in it right and the amount of
sacrifice that it requires so I got to
really appreciate that about my mom so
yes that and it's kind of funny I mean
without going too deep into feminism
specifically it's kind of funny how this
is flipped right like yeah taking care
of the home and the family and all that
is sort of looked down upon in a weird
way by modern feminism my mom worked
before she had kids then she was a
stay-at-home mom took good care of us
cook meals me after we got to school on
time all of those things was home when
we got home after school and then went
back to work
after when the kids grew up and I think
now that back that like what a cherished
amazing thing that was it is it totally
is and and you know I the the the idea
that I get from a lot of the women that
I interact with is that it's okay it
totally is okay a lot of the stuff that
we talk about is really just present
online it's a lot of these voices online
and because these voices are crazy
they're amplified yeah you know so I
don't get that how do you gauge how much
of its online versus how how much of it
is real before I got into YouTube I was
I'm a fully established person in real
life like I have people I have a network
of people in real life yeah these are
people who I care about these are
friends that I've known for 14 years
like these people who know me way more
than anyone online is ever gonna know me
let me get the straight you exist
outside of I exist outside of the real
friends yeah family and places that you
go and exactly do you eat exactly
incredible I know right isn't it nuts
yeah it's just not so I feel like that
is uh that's a people are a little
contemptuous about that because I
haven't shied away from showing that off
or like being like yeah let's um connect
I know people in real life I was
involved in local politics like that's
the kind of stuff that I kind of try to
do what the hell are we talking about
talking about I know you don't worry
about that let's just keep let's just
keep going here because I think what
we're getting at when we're getting at
best we're I think being part of a full
person is why I like your videos and I
like when you were on Twitter and we're
gonna get to why you're not on Twitter
anymore well I like what you're doing
cuz there's a good mean it's very
obvious now sitting in front of you like
there's just a good nature about you
Thank You sort of like a fullness thank
you and I feel like most people right
now are walking around with like a half
miss you know they're walking around in
this constant state of hating everybody
you're not sure what they think or
they're they're now enemies with family
and friends that two years ago they
weren't yeah and I think what you're
doing is kind of showing people you
could you could smile you can laugh you
can totally smile and laugh yeah cuz I
talk about serious stuff I do I do I I
think that ultimately here's the thing
right I'm privileged right and probably
should be a Canadian alright and and we
don't have the issues that the state of
the states have we really don't we don't
have we you know if a mass shooting were
to happen we were not gonna have people
who are lined up with medical bills that
they can't pay that's something that's
not gonna happen we don't have race
issues to that degree we have a problem
with in terms of how we've treated
Native people in the past but those are
things that where our government is
willing to address or is addressing in a
manner that you know they're addressing
it they're trying to and they're a lot
more empathetic about it right so I have
something I'd like to call you know
Montreal Canadian privilege it's just
something that it's like I grew up in an
environment where it wasn't easy for me
growing up as a kid a brown kid in the
90s but it was I would say a lot easier
for me than it would have been if I was
like in South Chicago South Central LA
or you know Baltimore yeah you know like
I just this it's I have this this I'm
happy because I'm privileged to be happy
yeah it's ultimately yet yeah that's
interesting so you are Sikh which I
think yeah well have no idea I don't
know what he knows about the secret I
know is the Sikhs are inconspicuous like
they're just chillin their chili no need
to push their on anybody I love it
I think well the Sikhs not try to
convert people they I think they
definitely do not try to convert people
they're there to live their lives and I
mean definitely they're down to talk
about it if you want to talk to me like
right now you're but you're talking
about I'll talk to you about it but but
ya know Sikhs and this is a great thing
this is something that nobody talks
about but Sikhs were born out of war
with Islam
and and this was during the Mughal
Empire they were invading India and they
were pretty much converting trying to
get two people to convert or kill them
mm-hmm and nobody wants to talk about
this you know because a lot of people
want to go ahead and say that you know
because it's not nice to say things
about Islam right for some reason you
can say things about Christianity you
could on it all you want
yeah that's it yeah exactly you could
shut up Mormons every was on
Mormons Mormons don't do anything yeah
anyway so anyway so uh so yeah so Sikhs
or Sikhs are interesting because they
were born out of war and and they were
pretty much like almost the first line
of defense against the Muslims when they
were invading and and I'm not saying
like this is this is you know this is
not something that reflects on all
Muslims a hundred percent this is not a
thing that's just it's like I know right
but it but it's people you know I
realized what my culture was that
obviously you know is still around right
Sikhs are still around which means that
at some point they won right and and and
what I've loved about the culture is
that they've been very respectful of
other cultures in the sense that they
are willing to adapt to whatever their
host country is so Sikh Canadians are
very Canadian you know Sikh British
people are very very British you know
and another thing that I find to be
really fascinating is that they don't
have this animosity towards Islam they
don't it's it's very much a very much
religion that from the ground up you're
taught to pretty much be like listen let
bygones be bygones treat things as they
are at the very moment so if something
is happening and you defend yourself
well then you it's fair game yeah but
you know if something happened back in
the day and it's not happening now we're
not gonna hold you hold against you I
don't I don't think about oh my god like
I should be upset at Muslims for what
happened in sixteenth-century yeah you
know that's something else so it goes
back to that be present thing that you
were talking about before right oh yeah
yeah that's is that really why it's so
built-in to you do you think I would say
so I mean listen man I'm telling you
dude I I was not the happiest person for
the longest time um I would say I would
say I would say I spent maybe about like
the last the last
I mean I'm 29 years old I would say I
spent 27 years of my life just being
miserable hmm yeah miserable and I went
through multiple changes for the longest
time I thought I was maybe I want to be
so American so North American so
accepted by by people that I was
becoming someone completely different I
hated the fact that I was brown and and
then eventually that went away and I
realized oh wait wait a minute I'm brown
I don't give a it's great I like my
brown skin I don't give a what's
that like growing up when you're you
know 6 8 15 like what is that how does
that actually come out struggling with
that it was uh I don't know it was weird
it was for me you know one of the things
that I noticed was that was that when I
met other brown people I want to be
friends with them right because I saw
them as allies you know and that's I
think a very normal thing they were like
oh they're brown - I should be friends
with them because they're brown - and
they're like we're in among the sea of
white people but I noticed that a lot of
them would actually kind of like either
want to be they want to be the best
brown person they'd want to be the token
and and that pushed on to me like I want
to be the token as well mm-hmm and I
mean when I was like eight between that
between that period time I would get my
I'll get my ass kicked by this kid
across the street all the time I never
wanted to go outside because any time he
was outside it was gonna be a problem
for me and a lot of it's very like hazy
now because I don't spend too much time
dwelling on my my past in which I was I
felt like a little bit disadvantaged
because it doesn't matter like my past
doesn't matter to that degree
it matters he people love dwelling on
that stuff don't they yeah they love it
sets up the excuse it's literally what
we the reason why we have channels the
reason why we do we do is because people
just spend so much time dwelling on the
past and and I agree the past is
something that needs to be looked at in
reference to regularly you need to look
at the that we did right but it's
it's come to the point now where we're
spelling the password either super proud
of things that you know that have
nothing to do with whatever we just did
right now right or we're just really
pissed off about things that happened to
us back when the people that are alive
today I mean I'm sorry the people that
are alive
have nothing to do with at all and yeah
there's you can go ahead and talk about
how you know like the system is set up
and start such a way and it kind of led
led to this point but like I mean when
you at most of the time when you're
talking to people you're not talking to
a crowd of 1000 people you're talking to
I'm talking to dave rubin right now i'm
not talking to anybody else I mean I
know this bunch of people watching right
now but like we didn't even turn the
cameras on yeah it's okay we just been
talking just been talking that's it we
just it's just it's just you and me yeah
it's the individual level I know they're
like if you if you look at Paul's so you
can look at the individual you have to
look at you'll have to look at
everything you know and that's where
race realists come in and that's where
like all these kind of like these
policies come in right but as human
beings as viewers as content creators we
are not we're not in charge of creating
policies we have to be in charge of
owning our lives and interacting with
people in an authentic way in a way
that's gonna be like you know what I I
you have to care about people I'm not
gonna interact with someone I don't care
about I swear like if there's someone I
look at someone I'm like I don't care
about that person I'm out yeah
if I care about them I'm gonna chill
with them it's just that simple
how did you have that wake up he said 27
years yeah other way what happened I was
trying to be somebody else and then I
realized that myself was good enough and
you know how I realized that it was a it
was I did it ended up dating a girl and
and it was so funny dude just the things
that she would say to me insane like
completely politically incorrect it was
amazing it was incredible was like a
really funny relationship where we just
be able to say whatever the hell we
wanted to each other right and I was
like wait a minute this is what I was
like because back in college I was like
I was like the Van Wilder of my college
I would I stayed around for way too long
yeah I feel way too long I wrote a
column in paper was very politically
incorrect and then at some point I I got
a job at Apple I started becoming very
politically correct I was like you know
what I'm just gonna go say these words
you say these words really really bad or
you and it was very it was political
correctness on a very elementary level
and and then at some point yeah I'm
dating this girl I was like wait a
minute this is the person I need to be
and she really appreciated me for who I
really was cuz I was really myself
around her mmm-hmm I'm gonna burp soon I
apologize you are a decent man you're
giving me a pre apology for a burp yeah
it wouldn't have been necessary yeah
well no it's just so you know it's you I
don't want to burp in front of people
it's like gross you know let me hang out
with Chris Reagan the guy's been burping
all the time he burps a lot he broke up
but you know what it's great it's great
he drinks a lot of Mountain Dew no he
doesn't he doesn't he strikes me as
someone that would dream that I he's on
a mountain Dew guy come on what do you
think of him
really Mountain Dew I kept dealing with
the jump cuts and everything like I'm
not gonna tell you what kind of I'll
tell ya I'll tell you off there what
kind of kind of guys it's actually very
offensive that's really that's really
 up or you say that's really
screwed up man but you accuse me being a
mountain Dew guy what is he of all the
offensive things you know the the PC
ways yeah so pretty cool pretty much
what end up happening was was that I I
just kind of I shed that I became me and
I started I took to Twitter yeah
and Twitter video was an excellent it
was just an excellent way to be me
online something would happen and I
would record a video I'm telling you
dude like the amount of time it my
videos Michael fer that's pretty much
the amount of time it took me to record
that video I just turned it on start
saying something probably laughs because
