[Music]
so for you for ion it's not just
academic where do you think the bravery
comes in for you I because I can tell
there's nothing that I could possibly
ask you here that you wouldn't give me
the clearest honest answer and and that
isn't always how it is with everybody
obviously as an interviewer but where do
you think that comes from candor has
always been one of my greatest
weaknesses and I think I was probably
brought up in a rather combative family
in a rather combatted part of the world
I grew up in in Glasgow in the West of
Scotland and to a physician and a
physics that's right my mother was a
physics teacher and my father was a
doctor yeah and they were the first in
their families to go to university
my grandfather's had served in the world
wars Scots have a self image of
themselves as being courageous the
Scottish regiments were famous I wrote
about this in my one of my earliest
books the pizzi of War were famously the
sharp end of the British military we
marched towards the sound of gunfire
bagpipes playing that's the self-image
that a small Scottish boy growing up in
the nineteen sixties and seventies was
encouraged to have I remember vividly
the day that 9/11 happened I was sitting
in Oxford where I was then teaching but
planning I'd planned and was intending
to fly to New York very shortly to give
a lecture on 9/12
hmm at New York University indeed I was
booked into a hotel very close to the
World Trade Center and my response when
I saw the attacks was somewhat
bloody-minded
my response was very shortly afterwards
to resign my post at Oxford and go to
New York University and I taught there
for two years in a I suppose a mood of
defiance that the attempt to terrorize
would not terrorize me when I met
a yawn 9 more than 9 years ago now it
never crossed my mind as I fell in love
with her which happened very fast
that this implied some meaningful threat
to my person even when the FBI came to
tell me that there had been a threat
against me something that I'd seen them
do to a yharnam more than one occasion I
never gave it a second thought because
obviously my calling different from my
grandfather's who were called to fight
in real Wars my more much more
manageable calling is to is to protect
her because she's one of the great
heroines of our time an extraordinary
courageous woman who's been through a
hell of a lot and who has never shirked
from saying what she believes is wrong
with modern Islam so it it is second
nature to me to be there with her in
that in that fight in that war that's
what it turns out to beat my warm I
always used to wonder as I was growing
up why is it that my generation isn't
really been called on to fight wars the
way my grandfather's generations were
called on and then it turned up then my
war turned up you briefly mention this
earlier when you're talking about ion
and Brandeis but can you explain this
intersection of Islamism and the left
how why this has occurred this confuses
a lot of people this idea of the
oppression Olympics and you know I've
got plenty of theories on this that
we've knocked out but but what do you
think it is that has attracted something
that is completely totalitarian in
control with another thing that's so
completely to a town I mean I guess
that's the answer right there but well
there are many unholy alliances in in
history and no doubt many people were
gravely surprised when the Ribbentrop
Molotov Pat was announced and
Soviet Union and Nazi Germany formed an
alliance so we shouldn't be entirely
surprised when seemingly odd bedfellows
jump into bears in the case of the
Islamists and the left I think it's
pretty clear to me that the Islamists
are the the leading partner and the
leftists are broadly the useful idiots
because the Islamists have a strategy
it's there in Muslim Brotherhood and
other documents for expanding their
network in the West and part of the
strategy is the kind of partnership that
they have formed on campuses against
against their foes one way in which this
works is that you use the issue of
Israel to forge the pacts with the left
so you get the left's long-standing
animosity towards Zionism and you
essentially say well we entirely agree
with you about that let's let's have an
event about how wicked Israel is and so
that's the gateway drug in to accepting
the next thing is well headscarves are
actually empowering for women don't you
think
and isn't it actually Islamophobia to be
in any way critical of Sharia law so you
play the multiculturalist cultural
relativist card and you again depict any
critics of radical Islam as as in fact
engaged in some kind of Orientalist
project or essentialist project to other
people always talk about other in
academia Muslims and you blur the
distinction between Islam Islamism and
Muslims as people so this has been going
on for a while and the left has broadly
fallen for it and to me it's just
astonishing I remember looking at the
list of academics who had
who had argued that ion should not
receive an honorary degree at Brandeis
and it included professors of queer
studies female professors of Gender
Studies it's incredible you kind of feel
like saying to these people have you
taken a look at what the Muslim
Brotherhood envisages have you read cut
herbs works do you realize that the
project is the permanent demotion of
women to second-class status and
potentially capital punishment for gays
is that something you are aware of and I
can only conclude that they aren't aware
of it and have been very thoroughly
duped as useful idiots usually are so is
that basically because both of these
movements want power so the useful idiot
part of this is that the Islamists are
really just using the left to attain
power and they're doing it all in the
name of diversity and all of these
things and eventually once that power is
attained then for a lack of a better
expression I mean you basically
decapitate them and then you've got they
did it for you they did the work for you
yes I mean I always used to joke with I
on that when we lived in Cambridge it
would be fun if all my enemies and all
her enemies came and protested outside
our house together yeah because after
about 20 minutes they'd they'd fall on
one another and they would her the most
tremendous fight I do think that power
is part of it but if one looks back at
the history of another intolerant
totalitarian ideology Marxism there's a
combination of power and a kind of
idealism one must call it that in the
square and the tower I tell the story of
how the Soviets successfully penetrated
the British establishment by recruiting
spies in Cambridge and the people they
recruited had leanings to the left there
were inspired partly by revulsion at
those aspects of British imperialism or
British class Society that were in many
ways legitimately open
criticism there was an idealism there at
the beginning of guy Burgesses
involvement in Marxism sympathy with
workers during the time of the Great
Depression but those were the useful
idiots that the Soviets cynically
recruited to be spies who whom they
persuaded to betray their countrymen in
what was the single most successful act
of Russian espionage of them all
recruiting these highly educated people
from an incredibly exclusive network the
Cambridge apostles and the related
network that led to Bloomsbury this was
a brilliant strategy something similar
is going on here because I think there
are a great many naive young people who
are drawn to the rhetoric of social
justice I encounter them often people
who say oh there should be limits on
free speech because I don't want such
and such such and such as feelings to be
heard they're naive they have a very
naive view somehow there can be a
circumscribed form of free speech in
know in which nobody's feelings get hurt
that's not the pursuit of power that's
just naivety and the people who know how
to exploit that naivety are both people
amongst the Islamists and people amongst
the leftists who are pursuing power but
you can never really get to power
without the useful idiots without the
naive idealists
who think that they're going to build
utopia with your help yeah and I don't
have to tell you there usually ends up
in dystopia right so and that's that's
something that it's hard to persuade
people off yeah I keep reflecting on the
curious revival of Margaret Atwood's The
Handmaid's Tale which is always taken to
be a vision of what happens when
right-wing people take over America yeah
and to me the amazing thing that is
almost never observed is that something
very like this has happened it happened
in Iran after 1979 and it happened after
the Taliban came to power in Afghanistan
so we don't need to fantasize about
crazy evangelical fascists turning women
into baby machines this has already
happened but it was done by Islam
it was done by people pursuing an
extreme version of Sharia and yet almost
nobody who enthuses about Margaret
Atwood's book realizes that it is
actually really quite powerful
realization of what a theocratic
Islamist regime does to women all right
so I want to shift gears a little bit
here and we can either I'm gonna let you
choose we can either go the historical
route or we can go the present route
what are you feeling first I do want to
do both I think the key to applied
history which is what I've spent my
whole life doing is that you do both
alright and you can't do one without the
other because no you can have no real
insight about the present without the
past so why don't we talk about the
present and I'll try to show why to
understand it you need history all right
very good so there are a couple things
that are interesting that you've staked
out positions on over the past couple
years we briefly right before we sat
down we talked about Bragg's it for a
second so you originally were for we're
against Bragg's is yeah then you came
around for it now it seems to be in this
odd limbo that I think unfortunately
most people in America don't even
understand what's what's going I do
think most people in Britain on but I'm
sure so when I was reading your position
on this at first I thought well wait a
minute as a conservative and as someone
that wants some autonomy over his
country I was somewhat surprised
actually that you weren't for it
originally so can you explain your
original position and then how you
changed on that there were two reasons
why I was on the side of remain remain
in the EU back in 2016 one was pure
personal loyalty to friends David
Cameron was Prime Minister George
Osborne was Chancellor of the Exchequer
and they are friends of mine and I I
felt obliged as a friend to support them
when they decided to stick with the EU
and not to recommend brexit did that
friendship supersede what your feelings
were or was that because you really
trusted that they could get into
anything that swung it okay and I think
the reason that I was willing to get on
board with remain was that I found that
arguments of the brexit ears deeply on
convincing I remember one night sitting
down and reading a lot of stuff by
Daniel Hannan one of the leading
advocates of of leaving and I remember
thinking that this was just
intellectually completely third-class
and unconvincing the notion that Britain
would be better off economically outside
the European Union wouldn't have passed
muster as an undergraduate paper never
mind a graduate of paper so I felt that
the brexit ia's case failed
intellectually because they were
claiming implausibly i thought that you
could have a free lunch that you could
leave the european union and be better
off and that just seemed to me to be
intellectually completely deceitful I
think it would have been harder for me
if they had said honestly this is going
to cost quite a bit but it's worth it
because if we leave then we shall have
the ability to control our borders and
we shall have autonomy at a time when
Europe is pursuing a Federalists course
but that wasn't the argument the
argument was that not the area because
that we're going to get the money
a hearse was the argument I'm going to
get the money that we give to the
European Union and we'll get bill to
spend on the National Health Service
because we will be in fact better off
and that was a lie and I'm not good with
lies it was a clever lie it worked
politically and I give credit to Dominic
Cummings for crafting a message that was
appealing both to conservatives and to
labour voters the Conservatives got
immigration control labor voters got the
National Health Service gets the money
so this is brilliant politically but it
was mendacious I think during that part
and so I I opposed the brexit when it
happened
what struck me in the subsequent months
was that while I had been while I had
been on the side that lost there was a
good reason why we lost and the good
reason was that we went around saying
how much it was going to cost
and I think we were right about that I
think ultimately at least some of what
the Treasury said will true will turn
out to be true about the cost but that
wasn't what people cared about mm-hmm
and when you went into pubs as I did in
Wales in England and in Scotland there
was a question to which you could not
give an honest answer without losing the
debate and I'll tell you what that
question was because I was asked it
multiple times you'd make the case about
the cost nobody was interested in the
cost they would say listen Neil about
the 1.3 million Muslims the Germans have
just let in to Germany because that had
just happened mm-hmm if the Germans give
them German passports can they come here
and the only honest answers of that
question was yes so immigration was the
issue and I think for a significant
number of people in England and Wales
especially was less so in Scotland where
brexit was defeated the realization was
that Britain had lost control of
immigration the people had been promised
net migration in the tens of thousands
and in the 1990s under the Blair
government and they'd ended up with net
migration in the hundreds of thousands
they saw the chaos in Germany they saw
the waves of migration coming on only
from Syria but from all over North
Africa and and even South Asia and they
said and I remember David Cameron using
this phrase get me out of here and that
was that was the driving motivation for
the brexit vote and I think it was
legitimate because I think that Angela
Merkel had made a catastrophic mistake
in throwing open the gates I think it
will have dire consequences for the
future of Germany and of Europe and I do
not blame British voters for saying
forget about the cost of brexit we
really need to get out of this so I take
took the view by the end of 2016 that
you had to you had to respect the fact
that ordinary people had cut through the
crap of the debate and it got to the
heart of the matter and the heart of the
matter wasn't the cost of braixen
which is what I had I think mistakenly
focused on prior to the referendum what
was it like for you as a public person
and you know some of the rights about
this stuff and puts your opinions out
there that to have that realization I
think it's very important if you write
regularly if you are what we call a
public intellectual to be willing to
admit that you've been wrong I think you
have to be prepared to say I was wrong
and I think I was wrong in the sense
that what I wish I had done looking back
was I wish I had said to David Cameron
George Osborne in the spring of 2016
when it was clear that the Europeans
were going to make no meaningful
concession on the immigration issue when
they basically sent an insulting
proposal about what could be done about
migration that was the moment I should
have said to Cameron Osbourne forget it
yeah you should campaign for brexit if
that's all they're going to offer you if
they're so completely oblivious to the
very real concerns about immigration
then you should campaign for brakes
instead of which we stuck with it and
that was that was David Cameron's great
mistake he should have said at that
moment if that's all you've got
I'm going to recommend breaks it to the
voters and it would have saved him too
so so you think it was just a bad
negotiating ploy that he just didn't use
some leverage to say we're gonna have to
walk away from this there was there was
a moment when he should have walked away
and I should have advised him to walk
away so yeah I think one has to
recognize when one's made a mistake with
such consequences the second thing which
is worth knowing about this is that the
people who then inherited power after
the fall of Cameron at nas born were not
the people who had campaigned for and
one on rancid it was people who'd been
on the remain side Theresa May became
Prime Minister I always knew that would
be a disaster I did not have high regard
for her prior to the referendum the
Daily Mail essentially put her in that
position and also Boris Johnson Michael
Gove and others because they bungled the
leadership contest so
we then ended up with the terrible
combination which was a commitment to
breaks it but its execution in the hands
of people who had been remain errs and I
think the result is the worst of both
worlds because right now we essentially
have the psychological reality of brexit
I think British public to a large extent
has accepted that we are leaving
but the executions are total mess yeah
by invoking article 50 early on the UK
and essentially ceded the the power in
the divorce to the European Union and
the concessions have come one after
another ever since then and we now find
ourselves in the odd predicament that I
think Theresa May is saying that brexit
means
you cease to be a voting member of the
European Union but you remain within the
customs union potentially even within
the single market and you accept all the
rules and regulations of the European
Union you just don't have any power if
that's the end game yeah
then it's a disaster so the people that
are trying to stop this now they want to
invoke some some pretty crazy extreme
stuff right I mean there would be some
really very rarely if ever used rules am
i right about this that would actually
allow this to allow the state to occur
well listen I think those games without
getting into all of them I think that
there is a level of complexity in the
discussions now in London that is
bewildering to most ordinary British
people when people start talking about
max FAC and the customs union complex
confusing way because I discuss it with
Douglas Murray and he was even a little
confused it's actually not confusing in
the sense that what is happening is that
Theresa May is trying to get Britain to
accept the realities of belonging to the
European customs union which would
preclude Britain having its own trade
policy with our leaving the European
