[Music]
joining me today is a sex researcher a
neuroscientist and co-host of the wrong
speak podcast dr. Deborah so welcome to
the Rubin report hi I am glad to have
you here finally I'm so happy to be here
all right we got a lot to talk about I
thought the best way to start this thing
I don't like to look at my notes upfront
but you had a line on your patreon page
that I thought summed up the whole damn
thing pretty perfectly your patreon bio
says creating journalism that defends
science and free speech you've come to
the right show all right I think so yeah
okay should we talk about sex first
should we just start with sex and then
cuz it's all gonna it all bleeds into
one thing definitely yeah okay you
started as a neuroscientist
but you were sort of more attracted for
a lack of a better word to studying sex
tell me about that yeah so I mean I
decided to go back to school and do my
PhD in neuroscience and along the way I
had the chance to do a placement in
psychology so I'd never heard of sex
research before I had no idea what it
was but it was so fascinating to me and
I thought it's crazy that we have the
technology to look at people's brains
and look at sexual arousal in the brain
and it tells us so much about what it
means to be human so from from there I
was hooked I loved it my PhD was in
using brain imaging to look at
paraphilias which are a typical sexual
interest and hyper sexuality in men and
I love research I always will but I made
the decision to leave academia and work
full-time as a journalist now because
the climate had changed so much even
between when I started my PhD and when
it when I finished yeah and that's why
the stuff that you're talking about
really is a nexus of everything that I'm
doing here because now you're on the
journalist side but it's because of the
hostility that you were facing on the
academic side so what worried what is it
that you were unearthing or studying
that was so triggering to people HM well
within psychology you can't really study
anything that isn't triggering it's
across the board someone's gonna get mad
at you no matter what but even though
you're really looking at facts you're
look you're you're looking to find
yeah exactly and even with brain imaging
I mean that's that's definitely it's a
growing feel the technology is
legitimate but no matter what I think
because sex is still considered very
taboo people will either project their
own ideas and beliefs and values onto it
or they just don't see the value and
they think why is the government funding
this I feel really lucky being in Canada
we do have a pretty amazing scene in
terms of sex research and my colleagues
do manage to get funding so I think
that's excellent but my decision to
leave academia in the last two years I
had noticed things were starting to go a
bit weird and in terms of the climate
and in terms of mainstream media I was
seeing piece after piece about
transgender kids and how young children
were socially transitioning getting on
blockers pubertal blockers and the media
is basically saying this is the greatest
thing this is something that we should
rejoice about that these kids are so
much better off after but from a
scientific perspective the research
actually shows that the majority of kids
who are gender dysphoria grow their
feelings they're more likely to grow up
to be gay in adulthood not transgender
and so it makes sense for them to wait
not for them to socially transition at a
young age so I wanted to write a
mainstream piece about this and there's
been a very long-standing history
between trans activists and sex
researchers a very ugly history of
activists going after sex researchers if
they don't like what some one study says
or what they say publicly so I thought
about it for a long time I wrote the
piece and I sat on it probably for about
six months and I wasn't sure if I wanted
to put it out I asked a bunch of my
colleagues and mentors and they all said
you know what the science is solid but
you know you know what's gonna happen if
you do put this out and at the time I
wanted to stay in academia and I said
should I wait till I get tenure and
everyone told me even if you have tenure
nowadays it's not going to protect you
you can still lose your job so I decided
eventually I couldn't stay quiet and I
thought I'm not going to stay in an
environment where I can't speak the
truth and I can't even pursue questions
that are meaningful anymore because I
have to worry about who's gonna get mad
and then I'm gonna lose my money and my
funding and I'm gonna lose my job so
that piece went out it's called white
transgender kids show a way to
transition and
and I haven't looked back since yeah so
I reread I've read the piece before but
I reread it this morning thank you I got
here and there's a lot here so how much
of this is just blade is just blatantly
a misunderstanding of science like I
think there's partly that you have a
misunderstanding of science and then you
just have activists who just want you to
bow to them all the time are you able to
sort of quantify how much of the
backlash is each I think should be
charitable I try to look at the other
side and give them you know credit and
try to you know think that they have
good intentions
maybe people I mean it's pretty
consistent all 11 studies ever done on
the topic of desist in so this
phenomenon I talked about where kids
grow out of their feelings of gender
dysphoria all of them say the same thing
so the final statistic is about 60 to 90
percent so this is the vast majority of
kids you can't really question those
data so I think what it could be is
people I mean trans people have a
history of having you do of medical
gatekeeping of people telling them they
don't really what they feel isn't real
I do think gender dysphoria is a real
phenomenon and I do think we should have
empathy for people who are suffering so
I think it could be coming from that of
that place of well we don't want people
saying that this isn't a legitimate
thing or that trans people should be
forced to not feel the way they do but
in terms of you know these children we
should be thinking about the best
outcome so it doesn't make sense for
them to transition if that's not
actually going to help them in the long
term I try to give people the benefit
the doubt but I do think the activists
they on some level I think they know
that they can bully sex researchers
because of that history they know that
there's only so much an academic can do
and they've won a couple battles so I
think that's part of it as well
how shocking was it to you when you were
discussing this with colleagues that
they were kind of hinting you may want
to wait on this thing I mean did you
think that you'd be in that situation
and I'm wondering did any of them sit on
some other things because they were
afraid to hmm it was eye-opening
yeah but I kind of knew one
one I guess instance I can talk about is
one colleague Michael Bailey at
Northwestern University he wrote a book
that upset transgender activists and
they went off after him ruthlessly I
mean they really tried to destroy his
life and thankfully you know he's he's
still considered one of the foremost
experts in psychology internationally
but I would say that you know I've
written about him previously I think
he's kind of been the poster boys to why
people are really terrified to say
anything that goes against the trans
narrative yeah so I think you've already
hinted at this and I know your work
otherwise but so you have no issue with
trans people as people just to be clear
this is purely about the science related
to transitioning and hormone blockers
and things of that nature of a certain
age where they're doing it as young as I
think you're right about 14 right oh
younger than that now well yeah I mean
if there's parental consent definitely
and I have to say for transgender adults
and I say even kids who reach puberty
and still feel that way I think
transitioning is is totally up to you if
that's what the path you decide to go
then power to you I don't think there's
any ones penny it's anyone's business to
tell you what to do at that point so a
lot of their basic parameters related to
age then well there are in terms of I
don't work with children I don't do
clinical work anymore but in terms of
the research literature usually
clinicians will wait until puberty and
see how the child feels at that time
when the body starts changing when they
start having crushes on their peers and
that kind of thing and the research does
show that when kids start to you know
have crushes and start dating and that
can play a role in terms of how they
feel about their bodies and whether they
do outgrow it but just at that point
your whole body is in flux your mental
states and flux your physical states and
flux and as you said what did you say a
percentage on that of how many of them
turn out to just they generate so yeah
so they so sixty to ninety percent of
the the children undergoing these
feelings turn out to be gay and then I
assume the ones that don't transition
probably most of them end up being okay
with being gay I would imagine
roughly yeah and I would say even I grew
up in the gay community I have a lot of
gay male friends and they've said to me
when I was young I told my parents all
the time
hated being a boy and I wanted to be a
girl and I am a girl and why can't I
become a girl and now as a gay man I'm
so comfortable I'm so happy and they say
to me you know I'm kind of glad I'm not
growing up in this time because I think
I probably would have transitioned yeah
well that's why the the external
pressure seems so crazy to me because
you just don't know at that at that age
and even if you do know waiting a little
bit isn't gonna for the science to flesh
out it's not that's not gonna kill you
it's just hard talking about this even
you know yeah I mean the thing is what
people also aren't talking about is that
for these kids so in some cases the
parents don't want a gay child and this
is what upsets me the most so if you
have a little boy who's very feminine
he's likely gonna grow up to be a gay
man but if you take that same Lavoie and
allow him to transition to female when
he grows up he's gonna appear to be a
straight woman and so these parents are
being lauded as progressive when really
they're homophobic God how perverse that
is that's interesting what you just said
about a certain amount of gay men that
grow up you know they wanted to be or
felt more like a girl or whatever and
that eventually grow out and we were
okay
because I never felt that like I played
sports and I played video games and
transformers all all the things that my
friends did I never felt like I was a
girl or more effeminate people always
say to me I don't seem gay I'm always
like I don't know what that you know I
didn't mean like I'm married to a guy
yeah I mean that's pretty gay but I
never had that but that's that's sort of
just interesting about the psychology Oh
gay people in general there are gay
people that grow up feeling very
effeminate or gay men that grow up not
feeling that way and I'm sure there's
women that grow up feeling very butch or
whatever and there's women that grow up
that are you know lipstick lesbians yeah
and the whole thing have you done any
research on it on any of that in terms
of my research no but in terms of what
studies have shown it is about hormone
levels in utero
so testosterone if you are exposed to
higher levels of testosterone in utero
you're more likely to be male typical in
masculine when you're born so whether
you're male or female so most boys are
exposed to high levels of testosterone
so that explains when they're born why
they are interested in male typical toys
and activities so for gay men they were
likely exposed to lower levels of
testosterone which is why
they're more feminine and the same with
with girls if they're exposed to higher
levels of testosterone they're more
likely to be masculine and lesbian right
even though there's obvious outliers
this is on average on average anna is is
there danger in talking about that
because I would imagine that the certain
amount of people in the gay community
that would want you to never go down
that road because then you could end up
in a place where oh we would be able to
prevent people from being hey ultimately
if we can really figure out the science
behind all this definitely and I mean as
a straight woman I have to say I even
iron right now feel like maybe I
shouldn't be saying these things because
I'm not gay I can't speak for the a
community but as a former sex researcher
I am very much a proponent of I'd rather
you speak researcher that a gay person
or a straight person or anything else I
mean this this is the problem though
you're you know to be like you're an
expert in this and it's like even for
you who's so brave on all of these
issues it gets weird to talk about it
even for me I just it's like a little
weird to talk about you feel like a
traitor no I I am what I am and that's
all that I am that's it but like I know
that just even talking about this just
gets people crazy and I know what our
what our Twitter feeds are gonna look
like yeah you get ready so I mean it's
crazy because even my colleagues who
have the best intentions they're doing
this research because they just want to
understand why are people the way they
are it's not there are no nefarious
intentions there but people are so quick
to jump on I mean there was earlier this
year that there was a study about using
AI to be able to detect whether someone
is gay by looking at their face and so
again studies have shown that on average
you can see differences between straight
and gay people both men and women in
terms of facial features and so
everyone's freaking out about this study
and I'm thinking why aren't we saying
this is amazing that we are able to know
this and I mean I think I've really good
gaydar I've always thought I have and
now I think great like there's actually
some quantitative data to suggest that
I'm not just making things up right and
they're also they always say well gay
guys have gaydar there's something else
that maybe you can see or whatever it is
or though they're I don't know the
people say it anymore but he was just a
gay face like there was just something
about the facial features sometime
of gay men maybe they were a little
softer or whatever it is I don't even
know what it is but like people were
talking about that in the gay community
then it comes out through some sort of
science lens and it's like ooh we better
watch out for that and the thing is then
researchers see that and say well I
don't want to go through that so then
they don't want to touch that topic so
now there's they're eventually going to
be only like two different things you
can probably study unless you know that
what your findings what you're going to
find is going to be politically
acceptable in which case you shouldn't
be doing the research because that means
you're not actually doing science yeah
what do you think it is about you that
makes you brave enough to do this sort
of thing because I've had a couple other
people we're going to talk about James
the more in a little bit cuz you've also
written about him and and why the whole
thing about diversity and all that but
I've had a bunch of outliers in these
communities on the show and I'm always
curious what it is about the specific
people that make them sort of put it out
there and go I'm gonna do it whether you
like it or not it's probably my
personality yeah I mean I just generally
don't really care what people think
about me and I'm pretty stubborn and I
I'm very I feel very strongly about sex
research being taken seriously and my
decision to have gone and gone into that
field you deal with a lot of stigma as I
mentioned earlier you deal with it on
both sides you know and when you make
the decision to go into the field
suddenly when people know what you do
they will judge you on a personal level
so I think that was part of it you know
I grew a very thick skin from saying I'm
gonna do what I find interesting people
can assume whatever they want about me
and that I think that just translated
into now what I do as a science
journalist but this I would say to and
I'm sure you probably went through a
similar experience once you speak out it
becomes much easier and I find I can't I
can't stay quiet now and I find the
people that are gonna you know turn
their backs on you let them because you
don't need them in your life yeah once
you start you just you can't stop
actually yeah if it's built into you you
just can't stop so one of the things I
think is really interesting is how you
know there's there's such a movement
always to say that gay people are born
this way right Lady Gaga even wrote a
song about war in this way party Gaga
yeah and yet at the same time if I know
for a fact like I have a friend who for
many years was my lesbian friend
one good lesbian friend and she was you
know datin girls all the time and all
that then about three years ago we were
sitting there and she told me that she
met a guy and now she's been with this
guy for about three or four years and
they're getting married and she
identifies basically as bisexual now but
she's only she's exclusively been with a
guy for about four years but what I find
interesting about it is that her lesbian
friends have basically all turned on her
and this is supposed to be that these
are supposed to be the people of
tolerance and we should accept your
sexuality and all that but when it goes
the other way suddenly it becomes this
other thing have you have you seen that
before I suspect you hey I can imagine
that I'm guessing they probably think
that she sold out they think she's a
sellout
yeah yeah you're taking the easy road or
something like that like every insane
cliche and I know her to be completely
authentic and real how does how has she
dealt with it I'm curious it's been well
it's woken her up in a zillion other
ways so for a lot of the other things
that that we talked about about free
speech and politics and freedom and all
that she started to wake up to all of
that she was a huge lefty progressive
and now she's basically a libertarian
because she saw that authoritarian thing
why do you guys want to control me yeah
the second I think differently you guys
want to control me yeah so now she's
like the locust of all of my friends so
to speak that's the thing I think all of
us are eventually gonna have a moment
like that where you realize what you
thought was the truth is not the truth
and there there's so many other things
it's like falling down that rabbit hole
in real and you start to question
everything then and it's really
liberating but you know in terms of
sexuality that's I mean that's very
common women female sexuality is much
more fluid than men so men tend to be
very category specific if you're into
women you really like women and you're
