[Music]
let's shift let's talk about the scary
right are you ready I tried to do this
bad we did the happy stuff yes we're
going to plunge look you know Dave when
I began to research this thing I
probably ended up reading about 200
books on this topic why the end and and
I'm a happy guy I like happy things are
like technology I'm an optimistic guy
but this really put me in a dark place
digging through this history from from
Hegel essentially up to Julius Caesar
Avila and the and the post-war Nazi
movement and realizing that there is an
intellectual strain that stretched over
all of these years okay so let let
silver two hundred years yeah so let's
go back 200 years when you talk about
right-wing collectivism yep because I
think most of my audience now
understands what left-wing collectivism
is because that's what we've got right
now very in a very strong way talk to me
about right-wing collectivism okay David
I gotta tell you a story
I love Luda von Mises I think he was a
genius right and I thought I'd read all
of his works but and there was a
transcript of a lecture he gave in 1956
at the San Francisco Public Library and
he had about three sentences in there
that just knocked me over and I couldn't
believe it it because they explained so
much he says something like this and
he's speaking casually right he says
Hegel ruined German philosophy for a
century
his original followers became believed
that all of history would end in the
Prussian state and the Prussian Church
having all power and the end of
individualism they became the right he
galleons that became the Nazis his the
dissidents of this of the right had
galleons became the left to galleons
they wanted a universal transformation
of humanity and a historical drive to to
something other than the commercial
society they became the Marxist and and
the communists and he said that that's
it's the left right he galleon ISM and
that explains pretty much all the
political history and I
that I thought no that explains more
than practically any other book I've
ever read and so I began to begin to
explore this I understood the left to
Gallienus I understood Marxism I mean
those were those were our professors
right and they're annoying but what I
did not understand was the right
Hegelian ISM and what that what that
tradition looks like is that the throne
and altar this this historic sister you
that the nation should constitute its
own unit of profound integrity that that
that is more important than the
individual and that commercial society
was too chaotic that it that that it was
leading us giving us the wrong kind of
progress that it was flattening out the
hierarchies that we need to have an
orderly life right this is this is the
right hey Gillian pitch that ultimately
by mid 20th century becomes this very
dangerous dangerous movement in Europe
you know it became catastrophic but it
gradually emerged from all the way from
from Hegel because this is at the the
end of the endless seemingly endless
franco-prussian war there's this battle
at the Battle of Jena that that Germany
lost and the explanation for that was
that it was a temporary setback that
history was going to determine that
Germany would rise just despite despite
the choices of individuals history's got
its wind it's like meta-narrative that
that that was going to override
everything Hegel himself was a
theologian by the way and so and so this
this view began to kind of spread
throughout German academia and it was it
ended up being imported to the United
States through through circuitous means
but one of the great theorists of the of
the 1840s who and 1850s who brought the
suit to the nine states of Frederick
list who was one of the first economists
to repudiate the free trade tradition of
the Smith Ian Manchester ides and now
was celebrating the nation as a unit as
productive power and and believed in
tariff walls which was strange and a
viridis book but and that had a huge
influence of American trade policies
actually the late 19th century and and
it began to flow out from there so
Thomas Carlyle and and and Britain now
begins to celebrate the great man theory
of history and really were nothing
without Napoleon without without
gigantic figures that we can worship
admire and and and our individuality
should be subsumed within them they act
for us their godlike you know and and
and it was Thomas Carlyle who first
coined the phrase quote coined the
phrase to describe acute economics as
being the dismal science and the reason
he said that is that every economist he
knew imagined a world without slavery
and he said you can't have a world South
slavery that's that's a dreadful world
without slaves you don't have masters
right and we need a world with masters
and slaves so we can we can have a
vision of hierarchy and greatness
without that we don't have greatness so
you begin to see this building of this
intellectual apparatus that was not left
to galleon there wasn't Marxist he was
actually anti-marxist another strange
way but as an alternative form of
collectivism it began with a kind of a
historicism and a celebration of
nationalism of the German state it began
to grow with this there's this
alternative theory of trade that we
should we should build up tariff walls
and Carlyle with his with his great man
theory of history and then and then
Ruskin and and Britain with his hatred
of commercial society because they
believe that somehow Commerce was
ruining quality and culture and was
giving us mass production about we all
need to be really doing this is is
living in guilds and and making our own
stuff you know because we're gonna
destroy English life and English country
life and so so a full-scale reactionary
trend on the right began to develop and
we're always a racial element
so that's what's interesting I'm so glad
you asked that because it comes about
first of all through through nationalism
now in the in the early 1820s and 1830s
this the celebration of nationalism now
you have to ask yourself what is a
nation but what do we mean when we say
nation and and I'm taking this a lot of
this from from an S I gave it given to
1882 by Ernst ran in a great French
historian looking back at the rise of
nationalism said there's only five ways
you can consider nationalism we consider
the geographic definition so we're just
living the space there's a dynastic
element we can all trace our lineage
back to the great founders of our our
nation there's a language theory of
nationalism we all speak the same
language there's a religious theory of
nationalism we all worship God and a
precise assembly I believe in
transubstantiation do you believe in
consubstantiation we can't be part of a
nation in that case right and then
finally and probably most insidiously
there was a racial the ratio of you and
that came along and essentially the
1860s and 1870s with a misapplication of
Darwinian theory and scientific racism
came along and that swept through
academia particularly in the United
States like nothing you've ever seen it
was absolutely astonishing how much
racism with orthodoxy in American
academia in the 1890s from the very
first monograph published by the
American Economic Association by a game
I think his name is Andre Hoffman was
called race traits of the American Negro
and the first chapter dress goes all-in
you know it's it's it's the the horror
of the black people they don't have the
right values they can't can't save money
that is terrible shiftless and and lazy
and ghastly and uncivilized Abel and now
chapter 2 the Jews you know these people
I don't know what they've got this
crazed out of control commercial ethics
they can't stop hoarding money they
really went for it yeah and then chapter
3 is the slauson's and so on and so the
American
Association you know and then and there
was essentially no what do you think was
happening in the world there that it was
taking Italian what was happening baby
let's a fair had transformed society so
dramatically that the the intellectuals
felt that they had lost control now you
might think that when the world becomes
massively prosperous and we suddenly
have cities rising up and we've got
steel that's transversing large bodies
of water and we're developing the
telephone and indoor electricity and and
people are living longer lives and and
so much wealth is being created that
everybody was data to say Hawaii we've
found the answers but the gatekeepers
who had controlled everything for so
long so that's so interesting because of
revolt this is sort of what it feels
like now to me the gatekeepers we've had
so much success
there's someone there's so many reasons
right now to understand how great
everything is that book right there by
Steven Pinker and light mr. right book
is is all about how great things are and
has a very probably we are there is less
violence now in all sorts of the revolt
you always have to be on the gamekeepers
aren't having you know not in the
narrative intellectuals are what
regional classic calls the Clara Sea
right so it's it's the the high-end
intellectuals it's the power elite
bureaucrats and and the public the the
permanent people keepers of our civic
culture you know it's it's the political
class and so this is sort of what my
audience that maybe not families this is
sort of what the New York Times is sort
of right like yeah maybe I shouldn't
have said it so obviously but like
that's kind of what it is like that
class a ruling class yeah the ruling
class and and they were in full-scale
revolt oh they did not like what was
happening to the world in the 1880s and
90s because of the loss of control and
so the the scientific racism came along
to add to the celebration of
dictatorship and the and and
protectionism and the new nationalism to
add a very insidious element which
culminated in eugenics ideology and
that's when it gets very strange and
this is where this is where they're
reading gets very difficult because now
you're reading all the way into your the
the the 1910s
the works of Oswald Spengler you know
the the right he galleon German theorist
and enraptured every American here
they're all reading his book oh my god
the decline of the West we better
reconstitute ourselves as a tribe or
we're gonna be eaten alive by but
there's a strain of that that's still
going on right now you know there's
nothing new you like and and you know
the this this very funny book called the
passing of the great race by Madison
grant that was on every coffee table and
the late nineteenth and early 1920s you
know was was forecasting doom for the
white race you know and he was he was a
fascinating figure because you know of
course I British because as it everybody
did everybody the Great Gatsby makes a
passing reference to it it was that
popular it was that popular and I tell
you there's not a single outright racist
alive today who hasn't is not repeating
those cliches that were written by
Madison grant it's all pseudoscience is
all just nonsense and it's just
ridiculous embarrassing but but it keeps
being resurrected but here's what's
interesting
he was a thoroughgoing Darwinian because
she recall that Darwin had two great
books Origin of Species the other was
called The Descent of Man and The
Descent of Man had the very unfortunate
paragraph in there where he gret regrets
the invention of mass disease killing
cures essentially it's like if we keep
curing people and we keep feeding
inferior people and and curing disease
then then our genetic stocks gonna go
down and down you know so so they're all
kind of playing off this little passage
the Madison grant was was not an unusual
by American acts to academic standards
at all they oh they this is Orthodox in
the 1810 to 1920s what made Madison
grant interesting you can look up his
Wikipedia entry right now if you look it
up it'll it'll celebrate him as the as
the father of the National Park Service
well in the course of my research I
wanted to know what is the connection
between Madison's grants hardcore
eugenics based racism and his
environmentalism hmm what is the
relationship there and it's not just to
people usually people have haven't
figured out in their own heads I went
through and read some of his works on
him on the environment it turns out that
he had a master race theory of nature
and he went to the California Redwoods
and he looked at these glorious mighty
trees and he was horrified to see they
were being cut down for for making
coffee tables and boats and things like
that he thought it was dis genic to
nature
so he wanted the master race but
California ed woods too to be protected
and that's that so that's why he started
the National Park Service and now the
left Harrelson is as this great as a
great visionary environmentalist but
actually he was like a tree Nazi I don't
know how you want to call it green ice
very creepy stuff we don't have enough
Nazi labels being thrown around now
we're gonna have tree not you ensure
that order he was nuts but you know you
could just march through the history and
it gets worse and worse and then to me
Dave it all it all culminates in the
works of Karl Schmitt from the from the
late 1930s and is in his amazing book
called the concept of the political and
if you'll give me just one quick second
to explain this because because you as a
liberal I would need to read this book
because it's the most passionate I would
say an even competent attack under Bill
ISM written in the 20th century now Carl
Schmitt that's a jurist a brilliant man
and a philosopher and a hardcore Nazi
okay he wasn't tried at Nuremberg he
escaped I'm merely an intellectual ok
sure his book concept of the political
says what's wrong with liberalism I tell
you it's dull
nothing happens nothing dramatic there's
nothing just requires no courage
whatsoever liberalism is a life in which
we all benefit from each other's
presence we all just trade with each
other what kind of life is that where we
all just are kind of the same and like
each other and hope backyard barbecues
and baseball games and and just get
richer and live longer lives and send
our kid to college this is terrible
we need to live big dramatic mighty bold
courageous transformative lives and live
in times that that that that that are
shocking that are amazing that make our
lives worth living that requires above
all else
politics liberalism imagines a world
without politics that's a terrifying
world what we need is a world of
politics and and he continues to lay it
out chapter by chapter why we have to
destroy liberalism and celebrate the
concept of the political and for him
that means having friends and having
enemies defeating your enemies and
rallying around your friends now who are
your friends and who your enemies and
Carl Schmitt says at some level it
doesn't matter what matters is that they
exist and then the state the powerful
men will choose them for us they will
decide who our friends and our enemies
are now let's be clear what we mean by
enemy I just don't mean something you
don't like I mean the willingness to
kill there has to be the presence of
real bloodshed in your time for you to
have a sufficiently prescient sense of
any meanness so that you'll feel the
intense desire to rally around your
friend for your friends and experience
that that the the awesomeness that only
comes with belonging to a group so so he
says so here the end feeling there is
that you can't achieve what what the
real purpose of a human is that's right
that you can't experience whatever the
the highs of belongingness essentially
and and the life of drama the a big
important life without being part of a
kind of a group on the move the
slaughtering and enemies and so we have
to have the presence of a bloodshed so
it really is the opposite of live in let
live it is it so through through through
bloodshed comes life and without without
bloodshed and death and violence and
politics then you're just gonna live at
an irrelevant life and we can't have
that so he was in many ways the
philosophical architect of the Holocaust
again not a leftist not a Marxist
although he dabbled in a you find this a
little from a lot of these right
collectivists the right and elegance
that they dabbled guys
Vernor son Bart writers once a communist
have later became a Nazi Carl Schmitt
dabbled and and leftism and then went
full right and it was in many ways the
culmination of the writer galleon
ideology and the increment so it's it's
a book worth reading and contemplating
and I would say to anybody who rejects
liberalism you know be honest about
where you're going with this this is the
opposite of liberalism and celebration
of death in the works of Karl Schmitt
very powerful thinker highly regarded
even today worth reading and worth
reflecting on what kind of world you
want to live in you want to live in at
peace with others what do you want to
slaughter your friends a slaughter your
enemies and rally with your friends so
move me from that point 1930s into of
course obviously into Nazi Germany and
so actually well yeah and and you know
my book really does end in nineteen
fifty and not necessarily didn't have to
but I started to get really queasy about
what happened after World War two a lot
of the writing Elian movement went
underground you know and and became a
kind of a quiet neo-nazi movement that
never really had access to social media
they were clear they weren't in academia
obviously and but the ideology never
entirely went away and and it was just
lying in wait wait waiting for the
failure of the left and for the
resentment of the population against the
left to rise up and receive who get it a
fevered enough pitch that it would it
would then come on full force and that's
really what's happening in Europe Russia
United States it's an alternative form
of collectivism it's got a different
flavor a different orientation a
different kind of resentments but it
still drags in this gigantic history of
writing gillion ideology the celebration
of the dick great man dictated the
protectionism the anti-immigration the
nativism the nationalism that could take
any one of five forms including the
racism what do you make about how now
and it's obviously largely because of
the internet it seems to be happening in
so many places at once we're seeing this
unholy it's an oddly unholy alliance
that I've seen the collective
left and then that drives in minutes
exactly what you're saying then you've
got this other day that's just waiting
there for these guys to go to bananas
yeah it's like ah we got all the easy
answers meanwhile you have the Liberals
and everyone all the decent 80% of us
yeah better trying to live unless it's
part of it part of it really comes down
to this there's a weird a sociological
