[Music]
joining me today is a stand-up comic who
apparently scares a whole bunch of
people with his choice of comedy words
which can be very dangerous
oh and Benjamin welcome to the Reuben
report thanks for having me man it's an
honor you're scary comedy words you're
freaking people out I see people angry
at you on Twitter all the time each week
I make a commitment to not mention
Twitter and then somehow it just rears
its ugly 140-character head into yeah
it's like the mob and Godfather yeah oh
yeah it's always for I'm not even a
troll or anything it's just for saying
things that I think everyone would agree
with I'm like yeah three-year-olds can't
be trans and everyone's like what and
I'm like okay so then I just start
fighting yeah so I want to get into like
some of the issues you talk about and
all that but first just I I don't talk
to I've talked to a whole bunch of
stand-ups on here but I don't talk to a
lot of people that are sort of in the
game sort of the level you are at right
now like really kind of like in the
thick of their career in it right now
what possessed you I asked you before
you started you're a couple years you
know gonna be 37 did you say what
possessed you to become a stand-up comic
well I I was a classical piano player
and I was in college and I my dad taught
public speech still teaches public
speech so I've always been comfortable
onstage and I would play piano at
weddings but I would just get hammered
and write songs for people and uh and so
my friends in college were like you
should open for this dude who's coming
I'm like who is it they're like I don't
know what he's been is is this dude
named Kevin Hart
so we were in a cafeteria and and I
opened for him and it was so fun then I
was like okay I'm gonna do that you know
but I have to go to law school and do
the normal thing and then there's an
economic downturn and my adviser was
like since its down anyway just take a
year and do what you want to do and I
was like yeah maybe I will do that and
then I just never stopped and who was
this advisor does his name was dr. Scott
because I was in World War two history a
history major focused on World War two
and so I got really close with him and
I'm because he taught a class called the
Holocaust and so that was such an
emotional class I think there was this
weird bonding of trauma so we've just
got really close and I'm so I trusted
and I just and then I met you know Nick
Swardson and Adam Sandler early on and
so I could make a living and it's so
funny how like when you're saying like
I'm pissing people off on Twitter it's
for things that I was almost called a
hack four or five years ago like men and
women being different yeah like back in
the day everyone's like all in so broad
he's such a hack and now it's like you
cannot say there's a difference in
gender and I'm like if you just don't
move the Overton Window just keep
sliding right over yeah well I didn't
say in the oh it's not do the Overton
Window had shifted it's that it has
shattered at this point nothing that
made sense five years ago in a Comedy
sense actually makes sense anymore
oh yeah like watch boys and saddles or
just I watch it like a month ago and
ever I mean first off date the way the
amount of times that they say the N word
of course is off the charts but just
everything of every stereotype literally
every service time you can think of in a
modern sense is in that movie they could
not make that movie right now
no and I think people don't understand
sarcasm it's almost like late onset
autism like I was doing a bit the other
day this is what got me in this heat
with this Shaun White character is uh I
was doing a bit about being a
progressive slave owner yeah progressive
slave owners like the problem of slavery
was uh it's only black people which is
unfair I want all the people if you
can't outrun the nets and the harpoons
your mind yeah and people thought I was
promoting slavery and I'm like I think
not not assuming that I know that's bad
is like almost scarier to me
yeah well I'm like I do another bit
about not having white pride or white
shame and I'm like I've never done
anything to anybody
my last slave was in oh wait you know
thanks a lot Obama you know and people
like what I'm like do you think
someone's knock knock who's there like
do you think there's a door here right
like how do you not see that mechanism
of comedy what do you think has happened
there because I noticed that for me when
I was in in the thick of stand up which
really from was about 98 to around 2010
and lesson in these last couple years
what I noticed a change when cell phones
started popping up enclosure and then
there was the you know obviously the
Michael Richards incident and and then
everyone who's video is hating
everything I noticed that comics were
distracted all the time even if I saw
one guy just on his phone in the back
look that would bother me even if I was
crushed
you know you may not get a million
people I'm killing it but the one guy
like that was something that shifted
comedy force it's the lowercase I it's
it's the bitten apple man it's this
isn't biblical right here you know
it's like the lowercase I represents
narcissism without even the strength of
it but you know it's like that uh
there's a book the Screwtape Letters by
I think CS Lewis where it's it's it's
two demons talking to each other about
how to get souls it's kind of comedic
but pretty profound and one of the point
one of the demons is like it's worse to
want to do something terrible and not
even have the balls to do it like that
lowercase I iPhone iMac III but it's a
lower case and then the bitten Apple is
like the fall of man and I have an
iPhone I'm on attack all the time I'm
not judging or being above it but that
creates this environment where stupid
people are now entitled where they're
like well as someone who knows nothing I
think and and people listen to you or
nothing that gives you extra privilege
yeah because you're yeah because my
smart privilege is really showing I
guess but it's like this weird like
people that don't know the definition of
words you know I think we're 20 20 years
away from people just being like no not
not not now I'm speaking Japanese like
they almost don't care it all about the
skill set how much you this you think is
actually just a phenomenon of the online
world cuz I'm a firm believer that out
there in the real world and when you do
what we're doing right now you really
can bring out the best in people and
that they're not all hysterical all's
well yeah I mean I live firmly in the
real world like my brothers in arborists
when I'm not on the road I'm literally
doing lumberjack work with a bunch of
vets so it's like I live in the
mountains in a small town like I know
the sanity of people and I also tour so
much that I know I'm not offending
communities you know like I'll finish a
show and a bunch of like inner-city
black dudes are like you're the only
white dude I find phony now man that was
great and then you go online and it's
just a bunch of white Yale chicks being
like how dare you and I'm like but it
almost doesn't matter because the online
world is so powerful like it gets me
fired it gets me my my it'll make my
income go down so that's when it becomes
real to me yeah where people can be like
it's cyber but is it I think it's
becoming its own organism yeah so we
literally can make your income go down
you are not making that up so just in
the last what two months because of a
comment I think that started on Twitter
yeah you got a gig canceled for a couple
grand I mean what it was about seventy
five yeah 7,500 7,500 bucks you had a
gig canceled at UConn so can you tell me
about that yeah so I was having an
argument online where I revealed a very
problematic view that I don't think
three-year-olds can be transgendered and
then especially once they started
talking about hormone blockers like you
know my instinct to protect was kicking
in and I was like this is wrong you know
and people started calling me
transphobic and I'm like that's not
years old three three three
yeah and now the kids like six and this
guy is fairly powerful in podcasting I
think it's been an NPR a lot and you
know so I get all these what used to be
trolls like these little were they eggs
yeah now or like blue checkmark people
yeah and I'm like you wait a minute
you're a writer at an Amazon show and
you're gonna call me human garbage
because of a child but I don't back down
I'm like okay so do you believe a
six-year-old side but they identify I'm
like dude I identified as a dog like I
thought was a spaceman I was an autobot
right yeah and it's like because it also
completely derails actual you know
adults making the decision to
transgender I'm like what you're doing
it's almost like the Spacey thing where
you almost equated being gay with like
liking kids and you're like okay that's
such stuff back it's good ten years you
know I'm like that's crazy and and so
then people just kept coming at me and I
wouldn't stop you know I'm like no I
know people that want to kill you guys
because it's child abuse I know I know
boys that are rape survivors it became
trained killers in Afghanistan that
literally like just please don't do this
there's people that hate you
and and because I used to do it when it
I might have missed where you go that
boys that were no I have friends
you know because I live near a rehab
facility for heroin and a lot of them
are vets and and they eating the trauma
that yeah they like when when a when a
grown man is saying that he's gonna pump
hormones into his little boys so they
never go through puberty there's people
that want that want to hurt that guy
because that I used to do a bit about
when it was the Catholic Church back in
the day it's weird how it swung because
I used to just rip on the right for some
of these corruptions stuff where I'm
like you know I was uh I was an altar
boy I knew something was up when they
said wear a dress light a candle and
drink some wine I'm like I was had a
date yeah and and I'm like now you guys
are encouraging this behavior and I'm
like and and it just kept going until I
got this this email that was like due to
you know recent Twitter stuff like we
have to disinvite you to UConn and I was
so I posted that because that's happened
to me before with stuff I've been asked
by agents to take down certain tweets
that looking back we're absolutely valid
and and so I posted that just because
people think we're lying but people like
me and you in this industry almost
Canaries in coal mines sometimes rhyme
like no they are trying to shut you up
yeah and so then my agent dropped me and
like so and you were with the pre you
don't up the name of you see yeah yeah
yeah yeah you this is one of the like 10
years yeah I've known with the same
manager in the same agent for 10 years
so I'm not one of these problematic
clients like I I've never left anybody
yeah and so and I just done this like a
pilot with truTV like a month before so
it's not like I was even on a downward
dang and and I guess I just crossed so
many lines that they're like and and
they're good guys you know I'm not mad
at the agents and I'm mad at the system
that makes it so comedians now have to
push an agenda right like this endless
cowardice that's sort of middle
management people then so they're just
like alright we're gonna cut Benjamin
we'll just let them go because we don't
want to deal with the heat regardless of
whether you're killing it in the clubs
they don't care because my twitter is
been going up my YouTube subscriptions
have quadrupled in a month yeah and it's
like that doesn't matter to them it's
this outrage ponzi-scheme it's an
accurate song it's almost like a bernie
made
thing without Rage where it's like you
have this Ponzi scheme that has to grow
and find new victims or else it all
collapses and then you have to read
Thomas soul and realize there's some
economic issues but uh well we're
getting sold on the show oh he's one my
heroes I'm black redneck white liberals
one of the best books I've ever read in
my life I've been working on this guy
literally for three years we're going up
to Stanford to do it oh that's genius
yeah
do you remember sort of a moment on
stage when you saw the Overton Window
crash like was it a specific bit like I
remember once being on stage and I used
to do a bit it was a trend I just
mentioned the Autobots but it was a
Transformers bit you say something about
how jazz was the autobot who was black
and he kind of talked in drive and I
used to do this an impression of jazz
and I would say the n-word at the end
yeah but I was doing an impression of a
fictitious cartoon character yeah that
was the whole purpose of it he used to
get huge laughs I remember doing it on
stage one I had a Gotham comedy club in
New York City yeah and the audience kind
of it was a different reaction than I
had ever gotten and I was like all right
I'm done with that one and and I just
let it go do you do you have a moment
where you saw something shift for me it
was a slow it was a death by a thousand
cuts but I remember one joke in
particular that because in LA a lot of
my friends are gay so I would write a
lot of jokes around like that I that
would make them laugh you know and then
my and and I remember I'd go to certain
areas and there'd be these like
housewife type suburban brain-dead
idiots and I would do a similar joke and
they would turn so hard I'm like bro I
wrote that like in a gay bar I think
other bits the bit was uh I was like
yeah it's affected a lot of communities
you know but no one got hit harder than
the vampires and I used to do it now
it's hilarious because it's not anti-gay
remotely it's like wait a minute how do
you get this from blood and sex that's
all I've done for a thousand years you
can't put a condom on a Fang
I don't know who I just killed you know
and I remember getting drones and being
like that's a brilliant joke I hate you
guys but but then I would I would keep
it inside though I wouldn't turn on the
crowd I try not to turn the crowd for
being stupid but I remember just being
like this is getting worse and worse and
worse I've seen Zach Galifianakis say
the n-word on stage
six without any hater malice obviously
and that and that didn't get the same
reaction and now you can't even say you
can't even be a certain type of person
on stage yeah what do you make of just
like the comics in general like the
state of comedy to me right now is
pretty off bunch of these guys
that I used to love and admire many of
whom I know dude they're cowards and I'm
looking at them now and they're
preaching all day long whining like
Jimmy Kimmel and all these guys I'm like
dude you guys are cowards and and and
history eats these people it's not like
it's the only a matter of time I'm like
you are a comedian it's like if I played
football so it's like if you play on the
offensive line you don't throw the ball
like we're comedians we're supposed to
push envelopes there's no line for us we
let the crowd figure out who they are by
hyperbole and you know there's that
quote I exaggerate to clarify you know
and and then you see these guys talking
about self-censorship like Trevor Noah
talking about self-centered censorship
and stuff and I'm like bro I had your
back when they came at you mm-hmm
and now in one night like two years nine
million later you're like talking this
 but that just give you a compliment
I'm so happy to the people like you
exist because you can get depressed with
this stuff you know like you and Shapiro
and Rogan and Crowder and there's people
that are they're really intelligent
people that aren't going down this hole
that just were a lifeline to me because
I felt like everyone was going insane
and I still think they are but at least
I know that you know I try to ask myself
am I crazy you know I'm like you know if
one is good every comic ever is walking
around thinking you know but if it's
like if one guy calls you an
he might be an but the third guy
you might be an you know so I'm
like I'm killing onstage but like the
community's starting to get weird but
then so I'm just glad that you guys
exist because I know a lot of professors
that love your show too that are like
they want they want that dialogue that
marketplace of ideas and lately it's
just been like what color is your skin
how much do you like hell yeah well
thanks I mean I appreciate that and
that's why I wanted to have you on and
that's I think why we sort of got in the
loop you know we're very much in that
same loop you know Twitter and there's a
lot of crossover
our audiences and all that you mentioned
the the college thing and professors you
come from two professors to professor
SUNY system State University of New York
I'm a product of Binghamton not SUNY
Plattsburgh ER here oh and you and your
parents from this we go yeah and the
professors right now are going through a
hard time because people that thought
they were liberal it's kind of like what
you went through and what I went through
where it's like you think that the
personal liberty aspect of liberalism
which was like Pro gay rights stuff like
that but then you're like I'm also pro
private guns you know I don't I think
that citizens should have guns and I'm
like no but not that one and I'm like
and then you see how saturated leftism
is on colleges where people are now just
judged based on their skin and sexuality
where it's like well as a black person
who's gay and you're like you never read
Martin Luther King jr. yeah like letter
from a Birmingham jail or any of that
stuff like the whole point was not to
think this way and it's it's intense so
yeah but the good news is is I was only
I was pretty sad for a few weeks but
then I just kind of started doing my own
thing and I had self-produced
an hour special in England I just put up
for sale myself at vimeo.com slash Owen
Benjamin if anyone wants to get feed the
bear excellent self-promotion thank you
a very subtle we normally do it at the
end not me math I break all those rules
you have no rules that's your thing my
only rules no rules I just what if I
just killed myself
that's my only rule man it's good for
clicks yeah well that's the web that's
what I was always against anarchy I
always make fun of like everybody's a
Michael malleus and one joke I said to
him I was like I said the problem of the
Enter key is a bad leadership you need
help it's like if there's no rules how
do you have an organization yeah what I
make of a guy like now so I had my did
you see our interview by any chance I
prob into all your interviews I never
watched any of them that's why I didn't
even know yeah I always listened this is
the place we do I am digging it man here
we go very college like the bat is the
six-foot-seven guy who's bad at
basketball that's a taunt
are you bad at basketball oh yeah girls
pick and then a disappointment oh I
