[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty this week and joining me
today as a senior fellow at the Mercatus
Center at George Mason University as
well as a professor of economics at
George Mason Don Boudreau welcome to the
Reuben report happy to be here I am glad
you are here I saw you speak about a
year ago in Dallas I want to get the
exact title of the speech right it was
called can we bring sound economic
thinking to Washington that's a tough
task that was a year ago and I don't
think there's much sound economic
thinking or sound thinking in Washington
forget economics for a second these
things don't seem to go together these
days Washington seems to repel something
and it's it's a it's it attracts unsound
thinking yeah well you think it was
always that way or are we in unique time
well we're definitely in unique town
we're unique time so you know I was born
in 1958 so I came of age right when
Ronald Reagan write that you know the
end of the Carter Administration when
even Carter is pushing for directly
accepting deregulation taxes were being
cut airline to being deregulated Surface
Transportation is being deregulated
Reagan gets elected in 1980 Milton
Friedman it has this popular show on PBS
called free to choose Thomas I'll learn
about Thomas soul everything seems very
this world's fine yeah and so in my life
in my life
there was a period in the past when this
thinking was more sound I could quibble
with it yeah but compared to today it
was it was outstanding because it's
definitely it's definitely declined yeah
it's hard to imagine even that around a
time of Jimmy Carter that deregulation I
mean that that Democrats could have had
anything to do with that and yet they
Ted Kennedy was a major force behind
airline deregulation so it was something
it was something I'm not sure what it
was exactly it was something in the air
yeah starting in the late 70s and so you
know I was a young man and I just
thought it took for granted all right
this is fine you know we're winning and
then it culminates in 1989 with the
collapse of the of the of the
Iron Curtain in 1991 the collapse the
Soviet Union and then here we are 2018
and a lot of nonsense is back on the
front burner nonsense is back so let's
jump back though to the 70s for a second
because I watched an interview with you
this morning something happened to you I
believe in 1977 that that woke you up
and I think it sort of is a nice entry
into everything else that you know I
know yeah the most important day what
happened to you in 1977 you can come up
with a couple options now no I don't
date was was January 24th 1977 I
remember it was a I I was in college
only to please my mother my plan was to
drink beer chase girls I did a lot of
the former I wasn't successful with the
latter but I was then I was going to
drop out of college and work at the
shipyard where my parents worked so I
needed a class to fit my schedule I
needed the Monday Wednesday Friday class
so I think this class called economics
didn't know what it was took it and I
had a great teacher and so she drew
supply demand curves on the board she
said look what happens when the
government prevents the price of
something from rising to its market
level it creates a shortage
she says you remember the gasoline
shortages of 1973 yeah I was in those
and I just thought the beauty of this
economic explanation for the gasoline
shortage was so spectacular I wanted to
learn more about the subject and so in
very short order I just fell in love
with economics I'm still in love with it
to this day yeah so tell me what
happened after that so now you have your
spark and what what sort of what
academic pursuits did you have that got
you to where you are well I was very
lucky again she was a really good
teacher and it wasn't a famous economist
at all but she was a very good teacher
she took a great interest in her
students she taught economics as if it
was something relevant to the real world
rather than just a mathematical puzzle
and there was another guy at my so I
went splits called Nicholls State
University in Thibodaux Louisiana it's a
very small school but I had another
professor there who was into Milton
Friedman into Hayek into Ludwig von
Mises into James Buchanan who later
became my colleague at George Mason so
are we go to his office his name's bill
field and he would give me these books
and so I remember just rictus
tearing through these books and it just
made so much sense to me I realized in
reading these books that all my life I
didn't give much thought to politics not
much conscious thought but all my life I
think somewhere deep inside of me was a
classical liberal or libertarian someone
who believed it is it basically impolite
to button to other people's business and
and and and and not only impolite
Minister it's downright it's downright
offensive to do so yeah you just said
two of my buzz phrases so classical
liberal and libertarian now one of the
questions I get most because I define I
say that I am a classical liberal if I
need a look if I need a label on it
that's what I am and people will always
say to me because I talk about many of
the things that you teach about about
free markets and all that stuff and I
believe that freedom is the best way for
humans to flourish
people will say Dave you're really a
libertarian you're just holding on to
this definition of liberalism from a
teen whatever yeah do you see a
meaningful how would you define each one
and do you see a meaningful distinction
I don't see much of a distinction
depends on who you talk to some people
see see distinctions I think what they
both have in common may be distinctions
at the margin libertarians maybe tend to
be a little bit more radical but what
distinguishes classical liberals and
libertarians as I have broadly from
almost any other political group is the
consistent believe that any exercise of
power by the state must meet a huge
burden of proof the the the burden of
proof is not upon the individual to make
the case for his or her freedom its upon
the state to make the case to introdu to
override that freedom and I believe in
libertarians classical liberals as I
think of them believe that that burden
is a real one and it's a heavy one
sometimes it can be met but too often
the reverse is in place people believe
that you have to that the burden is on
those of us who who defend freedom to
make the case for freedom and I think
it's backwards so basically you view it
as sort of a bottom-up way of looking at
things yes right it's it's about the
individual first and the government is
not giving you your freedom it can take
it away however
by instituting all sorts of policies
yeah I'm in this case I am uh I think
John walke was right and John Locke
wasn't the only president John Locke
most famously made the argument in this
in the secondary is in government that
you know human beings have rights and
human beings delegate to the government
powers that you that that those who do
the delegation believe are appropriate
for the government to defend those
rights we can quibble about how
historically accurate that is but I like
I think that perspective is
philosophically correct right no
government gives me or you rights
governments are excellent at offending
rights it's taking them away but but
just because government is the protector
of Rights doesn't mean it gives us
rights just because farmers because we
couldn't live without farmers if no one
grew food and and and and didn't
ranching we would all starve that
doesn't mean that we owe our lives to
farmers one of the great things about
the society that we live in is that it's
a it's what Hayek all the great society
to be distinguished from Lyndon
Johnson's Great Society and that is it
is a society of many many individuals
each specialized in in doing various
things we're all coordinated by the
price system and by the rule of law and
so each of us makes a contribution to
the welfare of others but no one of us
is utterly essential and that's a that's
an it's a really good system I believe
yeah so I want to talk more about Hayek
in a little bit because you do run the
cafe Hayek blog
you mentioned the burden of proof that
the government has to meet to say when
it's right to actually infringe on some
of your rights or basically do things
yeah so this is where I would say the
the classical liberal and the
libertarian positions are a little bit
different I see some utility for the
state although I'd usually want it done
at the at the state level not the
federal level and libertarians it's sort
of hard to pin on when it's enough and
you you alluded to that when you talk to
libertarians how do you get to a place
where where it's not you know I always
make a joke it's like eventually you'll
just be in Mad Max or
the true anarcho-capitalists which I
enjoy talking to but I view it as more
of an intellectual exercise than a
practical yeah I'm very sympathetic to
anarcho-capitalism philosophically yeah
but I'm not a I'm not a blow things up
kind of guy I'm way too much of a
Hayekian to understand that you just
can't replace social institutions
wholesale society has to evolve to
wherever it's going to be if that just
remarks from being a realist I mean you
could blow it up well yes you could but
but history has a lot of really telling
examples about attempts to blow up
societies wholesale and those examples
have never turned out well right in
practice let me say among the people who
will call themselves classical liberals
right
none of them or ever whatever has
expressed any sympathy for Hanako
capitalism among libertarians some of
them will say oh no I believe there's a
role for the government but you do it
people who classify themselves
libertarian so who say at least at least
in principle I believe that a society
could exist without any formal
institution of monopolized coercion and
I am in that ladder ladder yeah I might
be the one classical liberal who will do
it or maybe that Canady by that
definition I'm a little more against
things yeah you know it's really sort of
the narcissism of small differences it
exactly in this little place all right
so what are some of the basic principles
you're a professor what are the basic
principles that people should know about
economics I know I'm giving you a wide
one there but someone watching this that
that's waiting for their 1977 moment
yeah so in no particular order right
number one
scarcity is unavoidable we live in a
world of scarce resources which means
that if you use some resources to do
this good thing you take resources away
from the ability to do other good things
they're both good things but we have to
choose do we want to do this good thing
I do we want to do that good thing
second thing to note in order to make
that decision we want the people
involved who are going to be affected
both by the loss of that which is not
done and by the benefit of that which is
done to express their opinions honestly
how valuable is this thing that we
propose to do and how
valuable is this thing that we propose
to give up in order to do this first
thing and and to do that we you you need
people on the ground who are actually
affected by these decisions to have a
meaningful say you don't want a third
party looking down making declarations
oh I think you should have that and I
think you should not have have that so
any social mechanism that gives each of
us as much of a say as possible in how
we use resources and and and make the
evaluations about what would what will
happen if we use resources in this way
and what will give up if we use
resources in this way that that's
important unintended consequences is
another important concept you know I had
Adam Smith in the wealth of nations
which is rightly considered to be the
start starting point of modern
scientific economics he famously talked
about the invisible hand and this is a
is a sort of an unintended consequences
kind of explanation it's not from the
benevolence of the butcher the brewer
their Baker that we expect our dinner
but from their regard to their own
interest they they don't dislike you
they value as a customer but they are
doing their jobs not primarily to help
you they're doing their jobs to help
themselves and you are buying from them
not primarily to help them but primarily
to help you and your family and in that
way everyone's a better so this is a
good unintended consequence but you have
you have bad unintended consequences as
well one of my favorite examples of a
bad unintended consequence is the
minimum wage you raise the minimum wage
it looks like you're helping low-skilled
workers and you might help some of them
but in fact you're putting other
low-skilled workers out of jobs and
you're keeping them out of the job
market for longer and so economists I
think what makes a good economist which
distinguishes a good economist from a
bad economist or non economist is is a
consistency in asking questions always
asking as compared to what as compared
to what where did that come from how are
you going to pay for that what did this
cost what will be the long-term
consequences down the road beyond the
immediate ones that that everyone can
see so it's just it's just a consistency
and asking those questions you know it's
funny as you're answering the question
and it keeps making me think well this
shows you why politics is so screwed up
because they get up there all
politicians on either side and they
either say $15 minimum wage Bernie or
Trump I'm gonna cut taxes on you or they
you know they love their bumper sticker
stuff yeah but nobody's ever said
unintended consequences in a
presidential debate
so how frustrating must that be as an
economist listening to people who are
not economists who really aren't experts
in much of anything
I don't know that Bernie's ever created
a business or made it anyone make a
dollar off him I'm not aware of it right
but but that must be incredibly
frustrating to hear non pros talk about
the things that you're a pro it is David
you know it's especially frustrating
about it it's not rocket science
I mean I mean I love economics I love my
profession and I really admire the best
among my professional colleagues Milton
Freeman Hayek but it's not rocket
science it's just this consistency of
always understanding that there are
consequences beyond the immediate that
that there's always a cost to something
that no matter how beneficial something
is it has to be weighed against that
cost so these simple the simple
understanding and the consistency in
applying that understanding it's not
difficult but so few people do it so it
is it is frustrating you years ago I
stopped a joke that I stopped watching
the evening people my age used to watch
the evening evening news stop watching
the news I've always threatened to throw
my shoes yeah through the through the
screen because you know the the
reporters they would very much like the
politicians they would report on the
immediate effect oh the minimum wage is
going to rise that that means that
workers will get a raise of you know
whatever the amount is well no it does
it it means that for some workers but it
means also other workers are going to
lose their jobs
some jobs the nature those jobs are
going to change employers aren't just
gonna sit back and say oh well we've got
to pay higher minimum wages so let's
just pay higher minimum wage where's
that money coming from where are those
resources coming from they have to come
from somewhere yeah so basically your
would be that the government's only role
in the economy is to make sure we're not
killing each other pretty much right
like it really it's a total lazy fair if
yes I am a very least if you're a guy if
if property rights are well-defined and
secure and there's a strong case of
government plays a role or can play a
role in helping to define and certainly
helping to secure property rights so
that's where your contract rights right
so that's where you're not in a narco
capitalist right well I'm close to being
here I mean III I'm willing I'm willing
to admit
we're grudgingly giving that to that I'm
willing yes I'm willing to admit that
anarcho-capitalism you know might not be
a Altima defensible position I am not
willing to admit that free markets are
an indefensible position however
property rights come to be however they
are defined however they are enforced
when you have secured private property
rights and freedom of contract which
includes importantly the freedom to say
no right I freed them to not contract
then people are led to pursue there are
people in pursuing their own interests
or obliged to help others out and that's
how this great society that we live in
and it is great continues to grow and
become more prosperous yeah so I
mentioned you right before we started
that you know I've had a political
awakening of sorts and I always say to
people I didn't really move but the left
went so bananas I ended up being friends
with all these libertarians and
conservatives or whatever it whatever it
is even for the differences we may have
but one place I have shifted is that I
am much more where you are economically
now and partly that's because I now run
my own business and have employees and
have to deal with that and I just wrote
two obscenely high checks for taxes for
the year I mean we are in California you
don't want to know how much that one was
and the federal loans even worse and
it's like you're more successful I get
the harder I work the more they want to
take from you and I tweeted something
about that on tax day and a lot of
people were angry at me and said well
it's it's this is the price to pay for
success would you rather be poor and I
didn't want to go on a major tweet storm
and
you wisely are not on Twitter but could
you could you give me something that if
I ever get in that fight again I can say
to people why that's not the right way
to think so let me start off though we
just asked you have you heard the the
story about George McGovern when he
retired from politics he makes no please
so George McGovern he retired from
politics I think I have the details
right he certainly had the major part of
it right he started the B&B you know in
his home state already like where this
is going
yeah and then he encounters all these
regulations you know labor regulations
safety regulations and he admits I can't
run out to whom he admitted is a long
time ago yeah he admits he's you know
I've spent all my I'm not quoting him
I'm yeah going from memory so I spent
all my life pushing for these things I
wasn't sufficiently attentive to the
downside of these taxes and these
regulations yeah and it's easy just you
