[Music]
joining me today is the founder and
director of turning-point USA a student
organization for young conservatives
which advocates for free markets and
limited government charlie Kirk
welcome to the Rubin report glad to be
here big fan it's great Young
Conservatives I thought there was no
such thing that was like the Yeti or the
unicorn or Falco or something there's
more of us than you might imagine it's
not all conservative summer libertarians
summer free thinkers independence people
on the center-right we just had that
amazing conference that you were nice
enough to come down and speak at in
Florida 2600 700 students from all 50
states
and it was so funny I couldn't pay the
the media outlets to cover this thing
you know that's calling up the New York
Times Washington Post here we had you
know thousands of students giving up
their winter break to come here from you
know you and me and the best speakers
you know that I have a key for freedom
and none of the media outlets in the
traditional media outlets covered it but
it's amazing there is a there is a
revolution happening on these campuses
but it's not it's not against you know
conservatives all this it's it's it's a
new train of thought that we want
freedom we want smaller government but
it's also fighting the culture war which
is for free speech for diversity ideas
and really against what these college
campuses have created yes
so you're in the thick of a lot of the
things obviously that we talk about here
so first I just want to talk briefly
about how we met because I think it's
kind of it kind of shows sort of how you
operate and why turning-point has taken
off so we had met about a month and a
half ago at the Horowitz Freedom Center
event in Palm Springs were you were you
a panelist there yeah I was a panelist
it's kind of helicoptering around a lot
of friends that you know attend that
conference yeah so so you were there and
everyone was like oh you gotta meet
charlie Kirk you gotta meet Charlie Kirk
we met for two seconds you said a couple
nice things about me and you're like you
know we're doing this our gig in Palm
Springs in a couple weeks money to come
down and talk and and then and
immediately we worked it out and and
your guys send me the paper that work
the next day and it was done and I think
that does illustrate something because
we're gonna get into some of the issues
that vary agree on and some of the
things we disagree on but basically you
were like look you're you're down for
free speech that's the main thing here
and I want my audience to hear you talk
about well I you're a rational thinker
which is really rare to find in
California I'm kidding but no I mean I'm
a big fan of the show and I watch a lot
of you interviews and I know you're you
know you have a huge following amongst
young people and I mean I might you know
met you I was like yeah let's get you on
board I'm oh I've always been a gut
player for better for worse it's got me
into a little bit of trouble at times
yeah but I think net it's been positive
you just have to you have to go with
your gut and make quick decisions and
similar that's where I met Candace Owens
too who is now doing a wonderful job
with us and yeah took me about 45
seconds until I offered her a job so
literally I think it happened right in
front of me and then you walked up to
mr. Candace was like I just got a job
and you were like let me do some of the
with you it's like all right look this
guy's obviously open to some different
people it's totally in the schema what's
going on you need the diversity of ideas
right if you if you're in a room where
everyone thinks exactly the same that
would be a university so you need the
university ideas and you need you need
to be able to challenge your viewpoint
around a broader theme of freedom that
really is okay to have that sort of
discussion yeah so to illustrate that
point so then about I think it was the
week before Christmas you guys do this I
was it the largest conservative college
we're waiting for we're waiting for
someone to correct us we've done some
research we have never found anything
been closed yeah now have two thousand
six hundred and fifty students from all
50 states no one's really found anything
even comparable of size so we call it
the largest until someone corrects us
yeah well there were you had some
protesters out there yeah they they show
up all the time to everything there but
but there was true diversity of thought
there okay
you it was also sort of a Rubin report
reunion for me because Prager was there
and Gutfeld was there all my best friend
Candace was there obviously and and a
whole bunch of others chervil clunk Jr
was there is just a series of people I
went up there and I talked about being
gay married and I talked about being
pro-choice and a bunch of other things
that if you were to poll the average
conservative that perhaps they're not
for I think gay marriage maybe it's a
little a little different at this point
but I got a standing ovation and
everywhere that I multiple times oh yeah
yeah budget times and
everywhere that I went for those two
three days that I was there and been by
no means was this just me I mean Ben
Shapiro came out it was like it was like
Elvis it was oh yeah I'm gonna say it
was like Rolling Stones seriously is nut
but that happened to everybody I went
for breakfast I need coffee before I
talk to people yet I'm literally there's
a line of 100 people start popping up
it's like they start swarming yeah but
that said something to me beyond the
politics that there's something else
going on with young people right now
where they actually as the young people
say they're they're really woke yes
what's happening here well and it's that
diversity idea is that I think
illustrates what makes our organization
so unique so a reporter came up to me
and he was totally dishonest guys like
well this this feels like a Donald Trump
rally and I said how could you possibly
say that sure we have Trump jr. we have
Gorka we also Austin Peterson I ran for
president on in the libertarian Park all
right we have Ruben who is not a leftist
anymore but he's somewhere out there
right he believes in freedom Yeah right
we've been Shapiro who literally led the
never trumpet right we have a huge
diversity of ideas and each speaker was
respected was given standing ovations
was challenged appropriately and I think
that really says something about this
new conservatory and movement that we're
helping create yeah which is we don't
have to agree on 100% of conservative
dogma let's just get the big stuff right
the big stuff is America a great country
yes it's free enterprise a good thing
yes you know its freedom something that
we should really embrace as a general
idea yes is socialism bad yes that's
just pretty much the main key points and
the rest of the stuff we can argue and
disagree with respectfully yeah when did
you wake up to some of these stuffs just
tell me a little bit of sure growing up
and your I was crazy crazy kid growing
up grew up in the northwest suburbs of
Chicago always was a conservative
Republican growing up around a lot of
leftists and liberals yeah in my public
high school and our you young and
conservative like I because I love
history and I was always contrarian
right so I'd always be challenging my
teachers my parents were generally
Republican right they weren't you know
necessarily political but they were
center-right O'Reilly Factor watching
you know Republic
I always used to say and then I would
always just challenge teachers that
would say that you know all
conservatives want to do is kill poor
people and you know pollute the
environment the typical talking points
right and being the kind of you know
rebel I guess you could say I'd always
challenge the teachers and say well no
Ronald Reagan lifted more people out of
poverty than your crazy social programs
that Jimmy Carter drove nuts and I found
enjoyment in it and you know the further
down that rabbit hole you get the more
you read Milton Friedman the more you
understand the foundational principles
and ideas at a young age I just became
on fire for politics and for economics
and long story short I started this
organization when I was 18 instead of
going to college and ended up being a
wonderful decision and helped really
place myself in a movement that was
waiting to be grown and this is
something a lot bigger than just
politics this is the fight for the soul
of the country and it has to start on
college campuses and it's really the
struggle for our generation and it's
it's really if you divide it it's do we
want do we believe America is the
greatest country in the history of the
world and do we believe freedom is a
good thing or do we want to go a
completely different direction that
looks much more like a European
socialist democracy that does not honor
civil liberties that does not honor
private property and really deteriorates
everything that made America a great
place that that's the decision our
generation has to make it's kind of
funny you're sort of like the non
Silicon Valley version of like Bill
Gates or Steve Jobs that didn't quite
flattering did you go to college or
dropped out of college and but now
you're talking to college people when
did you realize that that was the place
that that this battle had to be yeah the
first couple years of starting
turning-point USA it started as kind of
a generic student organization but just
like any good innovator and entrepreneur
I listened and I learned and I realized
there was such frustration amongst
self-identified conservative
libertarians on campus that were not
being properly channeled and organized
they felt as if they were being targeted
and that they were being suppressed and
their ideas were not being allowed to be
heard and we made a decision that
turning point in the for a couple years
is let's not just fight the political
war let's double down and fight the
culture war and that we can be the
champions of free speech and we can be
the ambassadors of freedom where really
you see these campuses I call them
Islands a totalitarian is
you know their idea of diversity is a
group of people that all look different
but they think the same yeah that's not
diversity and so turning-point has
benefitted tremendously over the last
couple years of really being the
champions of free speech and also saying
hey we're not Republicans we're not
conservatives we're not libertarians you
can call us all that stuff that's fine
we have members that are across that
whole spectrum as long as you believe in
freedom you believe America is a great
country welcome aboard
do you think the idea of having that
kind of wide tent is part of the appeal
like I think people are so sick of the
labels and all that was cool
I spend actually most of the weekend
hanging out with with Austin but part of
it also hanging out with Tommy and
Candice and a whole bunch of other
people and I was like there really is
and then and then you know Allison
Stuckey was there and a couple other
people and I was like wow these people
actually really do think different
things totally and and my libertarian
side usually goes to kind of where
Austin that but I was like we we're all
having dinner after that's a great thing
and I was like this is great we're
having real discussion yeah we're really
digging into it and there is that
disagreement but if you put them all in
a room they but they get the big stuff
right yeah right you know do we believe
that free enterprise has been a net
positive for humanity do we believe the
Constitution is a great political
document that should be preserved
protected and better understood do we
believe America has been a wonderful you
know net benefit for Humanity you know
over the last 200 years they probably
agree wholeheartedly and all that it's
the other stuff where they start to have
little philosophical differences but
that disagreement is not being found on
the left right now if you disagree with
one core tenets of leftist dogma you're
ostracized you're kicked out and that
shows they're they're not a diverse
political movement the new modern
American Left they're extremely
intolerant of differing opinions and I
don't have to talk for yeah I mean I'll
just let you think that you're acting as
my agent but listen I would gladly I
said this when I had Shapiro on last
week I will gladly give the exact same
speech that I gave to you guys a couple
weeks ago I would love to give that
exact same speech to any progressive or
Democrat and you got a standing ovation
but I'm looking to go with my mag a hat
wearing students right but you give that
speech to the young Democrat socialist
of America conference coming up in a
couple months
you'll get boos and you'll get
shouldn't hear things we disagree with
yeah you know bolshevik you know forever
it's these people have have translated
into total authoritarianism do you see a
moment where both of the movements sort
of where you would argue the
Conservatives sort of lost their place
thus lost the culture war or and where
they left sort of went bananas yeah I
think the length has gone bananas just
by default of their positions they
really inside of every leftist is a
totalitarian waiting this you know
screaming to get out is a great quote I
always use yeah it's because when you
argue for total government power and
total government control of health care
and schools and private economic
decisions that can easily be translated
into the monitoring of personal capacity
decisions right that that translation is
quite simple and I always say to a
leftist that says well I believe in you
know civil liberties but I also believe
in government-run schools and health
care as I say if you don't trust the
government to help you know to monitor
your own personal life wine earth when
you trust the government throughout all
these other institutions where I think
conservatives have gotten it wrong over
the last thirty years is where
conservatives have become mislabeled and
sometimes some considers believe this to
want to do social engineering I think
I'm gonna have angelical Christian I'm a
pro-life conservative but I also believe
government should have barriers in
trying to instill those values upon
society I think the best persuasion the
best capacity for good is done through
churches and local community movements
and individuals persuading individuals
and writing books and doing podcasts not
through government doing massive social
engineering programs so I think that's
where conservatives have lost their way
and that's where the left is currently
trying to stake their claim is there
anything that you think government does
well no no I think government is a
necessary evil I think it's necessary
for providing from the National Defense
because that is something that whether
we like it or not you have to you have
to delegate some of our personal freedom
to you know have a some sort of a civil
society but government by its essence if
you read what Milton Friedman has said
they're incentivized to be inefficient
they're incentivized by definition to
not be able to provide the best possible
good or service for the individual so
look the private sector does everything
better whether it be the inefficiency
post office Medicare is bankrupt Social
Security doesn't serve the people you
know effectively everything government
touches goes to crap and the private
sector is by definition more efficient
because if you don't do it well you're
not going to exist much longer what do
you think is the best way of getting
that message across that government just
doesn't do things well because I think
it's just so built-in to people partly
because our education is sure-tan
screwed up or whatever that they just
feel the government should just do
things so I saw Bernie tweeted the other
day this video of all these millionaires
saying I responded yeah so I retweeted
it which got like twenty thousand
retweets because it was like it's all
these millionaires saying we should be
taxed more we should be taxed more well
what what intellectual hip-hop it's such
lies it's like boy a what's stopping you
from pay that's what I see boys just
send more money to the IRS numbskull or
it's right but it's like but okay so but
yet
Bernie's tweet gets something like fifty
thousand retweets and not that it's all
about retweets and all but it's true he
has high engagement with this but to me
it's just lazy thinking it is lazy so
virtuous if it's so virtuous to keep
giving money to the gods right why do
you need the government to tell you to
do it and really at its core if you look
at the philosophical difference between
really the culturally Marxist left which
is what they're becoming and the free
thinking individualist you know
individual libertarian conservative
right which is the new you know
intellectual position that is growing
you know quicker than even the left it's
we might want good things to happen in
society but don't tell me to do them at
gunpoint yeah and the left on the other
hand I don't think their intentions are
very good I think they want permanent
political power but Bernie Sanders for
example he's so convicted that he is
right he wants to use the absolute
authority on and unlimited power of the
state to put a gun to your head and say
you have to have a 70 percent tax rate
because someone is starving on the
street I would rather live in a society
that has the same tax rate for everyone
10% and we dig deep we say are we gonna
take care of that person on the street
through charity through private
philanthropy and through being better
people and if you look at when
socialism's implemented you see the
moral disintegration of society you look
at Spain you look at France you look at
Europe they don't have anything as
private philanthropy anymore private
charity has
in Europe because government takes care
of it and that I think that is such an
important point to make so going back to
your question how do you illustrate this
to a young person you asked the
fundamental question do you trust a
government that word Trust is so
important because in in that word trust
that really feels personal all right do
you trust the government 99% of young
people will say no then you ask the next
question then why do you want to make
government bigger as soon it and they'll
say I don't well then you're not a
social so you're not a leftist then
let's talk about how we can really
shrink the size of government and put
power back into the hands of people and
it's important to note also even though
you think government might want to do
something doesn't mean federal
government has to do it local government
is much more accountable to the citizens
than some bureaucrat in DC that you're
never going to meet and so those are
those are arguments that you know we've
