[Music]
all right we are live on the YouTube and
joining me today is an author a public
speaker a digital detox er and the
daughter of the greatest stand-up comic
of all time Kelly Carlin welcome back to
the Reuben report in the real home of
the Reuben report to this I don't know
where we were last time we did this we
were another studio we're far away in a
long car ride from my house is all I
remember yes this is a little closer to
your house it's freeway adjacent as I am
to in my house so I should also note
that we are good friends I think people
are gonna see that
yeah the course of the next hour first
off how annoyed are you at me that I
even referenced your father the great
George Carlin in the intro because I
know this is sort of it's like the most
wonderful thing that you know someone
could have or at least from the outside
and one that does comedy and also
something that you've tried to escape in
a certain way and create your own thing
and we talked about it last time and
this is what your your book is about
yeah and all that yeah what I want to
smack me right before we start no I
don't want to smack you know because I
you know I've been doing a lot of work
on this lately and what it's come down
to is this is who I am this is a part of
who I am this is how the world will
always on some level see me and see the
filter of me and yet my job is to unhook
from that and really understand that
that's just a thing that happens and if
I'm chasing after it or fighting against
it then I'm in some sort of exhausting
relationship with it yeah and really
what I've been doing lately is like what
is it like what am I about what's what's
the big conversation I want to have with
the world now and it's been funny
because I've been circling around back
to where I was 10 years ago before my
dad died actually and picking up those
pieces of myself that was ready to have
a big conversation with the world but I
didn't have all the things that I have
now which were actually
I could only have received by fully
embracing my father's legacy and walking
through the shadow of all of that by
doing the solo show and doing the memoir
and kind of trust falling into the arms
of fans and his peers you know but I had
to I had to do all of that to really
then say all right am I ready as an
adult and as a daughter to put that down
and really be in perspective with it in
a healthy way yeah so I am now it's
funny because I don't want to spend too
much time talking about that but I think
there's something particularly unique
with your situation because it's not
like you could take any big celebrity
and take their child and okay they're an
actor they're a musician whatever but
your dad was it was so directly related
to truth yeah like telling the truth
yeah and that's why he holds a special
place pretty much for every stand-up
comic but really culturally and all that
and especially in a time now and I think
this will relate to a lot of things
we're gonna talk about yeah we're we're
sort of post truth everyone up there
true where stand-up is kind of weird
right now and so much it's like I think
that probably makes your situation yeah
and why you why you wrote the book which
I know it was you know such a deeply
personal experience you know that it
just makes you particularly unique and
then I'm only gonna ask you one other
thing about yeah and and I think the
thing that I have claimed for myself
around this is that being a Carlin when
I walk into a room I have permission to
speak big truth and that's a nice card
to have these days it's an amazing card
to have and it's one I'm learning to
physically embody and mentally embody
and sometimes the big truth is nothing
about the truth that my father would
have been talking about but it's the
truth as I you know the one that I want
to hand people and one of the things
that I handed people by doing my solo
show and writing my story as a book is
the big truth that even though my father
was the truth teller on stage as a
family we had a really
a dysfunctional relationship with truth
because we were a family of addictive
addicts you know and so when you're a
family of addicts and dysfunction truth
is a whole other thing you know and that
was like the scariest but most
empowering thing for me to do with my
story was to say to his fans yes okay
he's the truth teller you've got him on
the pedestal and now here's the father
and the husband and the artist who like
it like the rest of us you know had
uncomfortable moments didn't how to
speak the truth to each other all the
time
you mean these people that we don't
really know that our performers aren't
always perfect human beings is that why
you're trying to tell I have some bad
news for you yes and that's been sort of
my fat I mean it's it's really
interesting because I went to grad
school in the early aughts as we like to
call them and when I came out of grad
school I you know I got my masters in
uni in psychology
we're gonna go into that a little bit
but studying the power of archetypes and
the gods and the goddesses and mythology
and all of that and seeing that
celebrity in our culture has kind of
taken over the part of our brain that we
used to use to worship gods you know
those of us in the secular world who
don't believe in the big guy with the
beard in the sky thing and so I've I've
always been fascinated by how we de humo
NIH's these people we put them up on
this pedestal and then what we love to
do in our culture is to bring them down
to remind them that they're human and to
say like hey I'm human - you were
equal you know so this is a whole little
game we play with this but yeah and it's
and it was kind of scary for me the
first few years after my dad died when I
knew that I wanted to speak some
possibly unpopular truths about my dad I
mean luckily I'm not like Mackenzie
Phillips
nothing weird like that happened in my
life but it was scary for me to come up
against people who I thought well I'm
gonna be disappointing these people
enjoy yeah that's why I think this case
even though I know you the best I have a
couple friends in similar situations
like you but but that this one where his
relationship was so close to truth
that it's like people would want to
protect him like a religious figure
which the irony related to everything he
thought about religion everything when I
started encountering the Atheist
community I mean that's what I saw was
he was on t-shirts and and there was
this this worshipping of him and I kept
reminding them you to find it a little
strange that you're worshiping the
person like you do you see the mental
gymnastics you're doing here in order to
do that you know so yeah
which you know we've done some atheist
events together I want to talk a little
bit about that from there too so one
other quick thing on him so I've told
you this story but I think it'll relate
to everything else we're going to talk
about I want of all the things that I
saw your dad on and all the specials and
all that stuff I saw him on the view
once and I think it was probably his
maybe he's one and only appearance on
the view but he was talking about the
pain that a comic has to have but I
think he was really describing it as the
pain that anyone would have yeah that
you have to have that pain for a while
and then if you don't learn to own that
pain it will destroy you and this is why
we see so many comics that either become
drug addicts or alcoholics or self
destructing the zillion other ways yeah
and for me it really helped change me I
was like oh this is the guy I idolized
and here and I was you know I was
closeted I was doing drugs I was yeah it
was just a mess a night and it did sort
of register something for me so I think
I've told you that publicly but yeah I
just wanted to put it out there right
yeah and that thing about owning our
pain I think is a something we're not
trained for here in America hide it
blame someone else
yeah and chase after the next hit yeah
of something whether it's progress or
the next million dollars or whatever
version your American Dream comes in you
know or it's the next swipe on the app
or the next tweet or did I get it now it
seemed do I get a like do I get a heart
do a thing that all that crap
but we are not trained as little people
and not as adults and there's knowing
there's no incoming communication about
then it's okay to a fail to feel pain to
death we don't talk about death in this
culture we don't talk about sickness I
mean we do more now I mean people you
know who like go through cancer you can
talk about cancer now we're even like 20
years ago whispers it was still like the
c-word you know and now it's a different
c-word yeah conservatives yeah you know
it's one of those seven ones I believe
but and you know when my mom died 20
years ago and that was the first time as
like my in my adult life that I faced
some big like loss in my life and it
changed me because I'd always because
because we push away loss so much in our
culture we don't know how to metabolize
it and move through it and when my mom
died instead of me like falling apart
and like ending up in a padded cell at
UCLA psych ward which I'd always
imagined for sure was gonna happen
pretty great place there yeah
why you gotta go do good UCLA is very
nice but instead it showed me a strength
I have and that in my brokenness and in
my grief I did not fall down an endless
pit I mean it was painful I mean as
grief is physically painful and I was
kind of dysfunctional for a few years
but I I felt like I had been like
tempered in some way like I'd gone
through a fire and come out the other
side of it stronger and I I don't think
you know I think about kids these days
kids these days but you think about like
how everyone gets a blue ribbon and all
that kind of stuff and nobody's learning
to metabolize failure or disappointment
or anything like that and we're just and
you need
what they're part of the human
experience you know we can't you know
it's this whole idea like the AKOP the
American economy and how it's like every
year it has to like grow grow grow grow
grow well the only thing that grows all
the time is like a cancer and and so we
have this false notion that only up is
good and and I'm here to lie I mean one
of the things I do when I I've been
teaching lately will you talk about that
is that I I have a section where I talk
about sitting with difficult emotions
you know or I have a death and dying
week we talked about that you know and
it's funny like a few less people show
up live that week maybe I'll listen to
that on my own time you know or maybe
I'll skip that week but the the ability
to sit with uncomfortableness I think
would do not all of us even all of us
personally a lot of good but just as a
country a hell of a lot of good too
right and probably people of all time
probably never dealt with those
uncountable things that well but now we
can distract ourselves so easily no on
the phone that it makes that much easier
okay so here's the one question about
your dad and then we're not going to
talk them yeah what do you think he
would make of the madness right now just
the general state the politics
that's the worst quote I know it's the
worst way I know it's the worst question
anyway but do you learn so Alfred
rephrase it's like do you think he would
be throught like creatively do you think
he'd be thriving yeah I think that I
think I mean it was always of two minds
anyway he was I mean he was of one
essential being and one mind in general
like when he would say you know oh you
think I'm kidding I'm a comedian you
think I'm kidding no I really believe
this he really did I mean he really
did believe the species was gonna hit a
cul-de-sac
yeah and we were in a cul-de-sac and
we're circling the drain he didn't know
how long that would take but he believed
that because of greed basically and not
having empathy for your fellow man so I
think he in some ways probably saw this
coming I mean I I tell people all the
time when they ask me this I say look I
don't know I mean I think he would hate
Trump I mean Trump represents everything
my father stood again
you know just the golf part white male
rich businessman narcissistic just the
hole and the part of New York that my
dad just you know my dad came from the
Upper West Side streets of New York nine
hundred and twenty first so which is now
George Carlin way which is George Carlin
way so he he everything about Trump he
would have hated and his and especially
his racism my father was a man who from
day one on earth for me was all about
you know everything this country has
ever done is oppressed people of a
different skin color
you know we massacred the Indians and
then we shipped in black people you know
all of that so a huge soft soft heart
for minorities and and the underdog but
the chaos of it he would have I'm sure
yeah you know and he didn't like to do
politics in the sense of like everyone
else making you know I don't know if he
you know every once in a while he'd
bring up right he didn't kind of
high-level he did sort of philosophic
Polly yeah picture you know and if he
did if he brought up Bush and Dick
Cheney you know it's because he talked
about the bush and the dick and all that
kind of some you know it was a great you
know the the pink rockets and penises in
the Gulf War or whatever it was yeah but
you know his thing was he said when
you're born you're born with a ticket to
the Freak Show and when you're born in
America you're you get a front-row seat
yeah and that thing that has sustained
me these last two years because because
you were literally born into it yeah I
mean in the name yeah and and just being
able to see it as a freak show yeah to
have my own personal politics and my own
desires for the country and the
direction and and the panic of that not
happening and then but also seeing that
this is if we can see if we survive it
and I know we will is a really good
thing for the country and that we're
having a
it's all out on the table no like if you
want to know about what this country's
been doing for 200 years well word we're
in it now and everyone's talking about
it because it's racism and misogyny and
greed and corruption in politics and
money you know I mean I hope that's the
next big conversation you know that we
can all have the big messy one is you
know money and corruption let's go there
you know yeah so we'll see because
money's everything in this country but
we'll shave we'll save the money in
corruption for our necks sit down but if
anyone wants anything else on your dad
it is all in this book yeah please which
mine will post to the link yeah yeah
hello and now let's talk about so much
yeah okay so I thought the reason I
wanted to I wanted first up we did this
two and a half years
that's impossible insane we're both
getting very old yeah but putting aside
those two and a half years yeah the
things that we've talked about privately
for the last two minutes are the things
that I've slowly been trying to
incorporate into the show things that
I've been trying to incorporate into my
life things that respect the
conversation that I'm having here so
first off your your big on the
unplugging movement yeah I think at this
point is a movement just getting off
line sometimes yeah doing the digital
detox you're teaching some webinars on
this my chronic Lee I'm teaching
webinars about unplugging I mean it here
we are doing it oh yeah this is the
technology we have and this is how you
reach people yeah what does this make us
right Hippocrates of the highest order I
don't know what it makes us complicated
human exactly but you know my audience
knows I I did Auguste completely off the
gallery with no electronics and no
nothing and I came back to the chameleon
box I've been trying to do it on the
weekends but I'm failing I'd say at
least 50% of the time yeah basically
trying to what was it that spur that
spurred this in you that was like men
there's something really wrong here
yeah a weary activist I think it's it
was two things one of which was you know
ten years ago smartphones came into
existence and all of these social media
apps came into existence and we at the
beginning all of us were like oh my god
this thing takes a picture and you could
look up the works of Shakespeare on it I
mean it's just like this is a
baby Jesus miracle right here you know
amazing in like Oh social media oh my
god I'm talking to strangers and look at
this and I'm like I found my voice on
social media I mean that was the first
place I went and had a platform in a
stage to say hey this is my opinion
about something outside of my house and
my friends you know so it was it same
here and I slipped on us together
Twitter brought us together
exactly Twitter exactly and I think that
was all amazing and then about five
years into it about five years ago I
felt the sudden like and part of that
was the 24/7 of the technology but also
how I was engaging with it which is I
was completely George Carlin's daughter
online mm-hmm and I had a podcast and I
had my own voice there but 99% of the
time I was getting every day I was
getting pictures of my dead father or
videos of my dead father or his name
being put in front of me and I didn't
know what to do about that because I was
like well I can't say no to this because
I signed up for this I'm writing a book
about this I have a solo show I mean
this is my own fault how dare I
and yet in the summer of 2016 I was in
yoga I was having a very la moment I was
in yoga in corpse pose huh literally
laying there and it was like May and I
thought what do I really need in my life
right now and I thought I need to get
away for the summer I'd done my book I'd
done publicizing it I didn't have to be
promoting myself online which is just
and I thought I'm going to do this for
three months I'm going to unplug from
the social media tether and and thus
this device because that was you know
the main reason I mean talk on the phone
with this thing what are you talking
about are you kidding you're basically
the only person I called you the other
day yeah yeah we talked on the phone and
so that summer maybe 1974 I made phone
calls that summer I would randomly call
people and say hey hi what are you doing
people like excuse me wait we didn't
text first that we were gonna plan to
talk yeah you called
like what's wrong you were just talking
crazy and I have to say the first two
weeks of that unplugging I would find
myself with my phone in my hand randomly
and I'd be like why is my phone in my
hand because I had I mean the
habituation of this thing is and that's
when I really started realizing oh we're
in deep I've already rewired my
brain to need this thing however often
you know and it was about two weeks
until I finally then would like lose my
phone all day in my house yeah I mean I
literally I know you know this but I
