joining me today is the founding editor
of Colette Claire Lehman welcome to the
Rubin report thanks Dave thanks for
having me I am thrilled to finally have
you here this has been like what 87
years in the making
yeah well I leave a very long way away
so it's difficult for me to get here
yeah well you made it you made it
thousands of miles you are part of what
I would say is IDW Australia oh yeah the
Diaspora
yeah exactly okay so there's a ton I
want to talk to you bout obviously I
want to focus on Colette and the work
that you're doing and we obviously have
a lot in common on the issues that we
care about and things of that nature but
first off you are from Australia I've
only had I think two other guests that
are Australian natives on the show yeah
what's going on in Australia these days
what does the rest of the world need to
know about Australia I would say that in
Australia we're pretty chilled out at
the moment at least politically and
culturally compared to America and even
Europe to a large extent we have a we've
had 25 years or more of economic growth
so people are pretty relaxed people are
doing well the middle class is doing
well there's not so much of a feeling
that there's a zero-sum competition
going on like people are fighting over
scarce resources and you know we
obviously have political correctness and
identity politics a lot of that's being
imported from America yeah how does that
get imported because I was mentioning to
you right before we started that a
disproportionate amount of our patrons
the people who support this show are
Australian even if things are going
pretty well there's definitely a segment
of people that are going something's
either not right or or we're seeing the
signs that something yeah it's true I
mean it's difficult to identify exactly
how these cultural trends get imported
but for example through universities
through social media through traditional
media so similar narratives get picked
up by journalists like the oppression
narratives and and we're seeing with the
with the young younger generations how
their
how they pick up ideology through social
media and through the echo chambers and
the filter bubbles that are so easily
accessible yeah yeah do you think that
there's a geographic reason that some of
this stuff hasn't fully hit Australia
yet I mean being surrounded by water
very far off place from the rest of us
there's probably a little bit of safety
in that I would imagine although borders
are changing just because of Technology
yeah it's um yes so we're more isolated
that's for sure we're smaller so we
don't have the same we're not as diverse
as other places like Europe and the
United States we have less income
inequality in Australia which makes a
difference and where we're actually kind
of Pro cool as well I mean we do pick up
cultural trends from America but at the
same time we just focus on cooking shows
and reality TV football games yeah yeah
so when the article came out back in was
it may or so the the Renegades of the
intellectual dark web you you were
included in there and many of us had not
even met you
yeah this is actually our first time
being in person yeah even though we
we've been chatting online for a while
were you shocked about the reaction to
that article because it really did sort
of level up all of the issues that we've
been all talking about no I wasn't
shocked at all I think that the general
movement this ideas movement and this
pushback of the the sort of moral
orthodoxy that the politically correct
left have at the moment it's been
brewing for some time and someone just
had to put a label on it someone just
had to name it and I wasn't shocked by
the groundswell of reaction to it
because I've been seeing it through my
work with Colette there are just so many
people who write to me every day who say
I love what you're doing I can't write a
blog myself account put my name on it
because I would get in trouble at work
or in my university but there are so
many P
or who want to participate in these
discussions but can't for whatever
reason and you know they liked it to be
now be able to put a label on this
general movement yeah so tell me a
little bit about your personal
background what led you to be one of the
people that is okay putting your name on
this stuff because I do think that's one
of the huge issues here yeah we get all
this support from academics even people
in politics and and regular folks who
are like yeah I'm with you and I see the
dangers but I don't want to put my name
on in this so how did claire lehman end
up here willing to put your name and
face to all this stuff you know i think
i have a bit more of a risk-taking
streak in my nature and i don't feel the
same fear around social disapproval as a
lot of other people so i was a
psychology graduate student and I left
my grad program and before I left I sort
of took a few risks during during my
program and was sort of hung out to dry
by the university so to speak yeah you
want to give me an example of one of
those you sort of lit up when you said
it well I I complained about the amount
of unpaid work that psychology students
had to do in a clinic that was
associated with the University and they
weren't happy with that and I sort of
received a bit of retaliation for sort
of almost whistleblowing on the amount
of exploitation this clinic wasn't
involved in so I I've always said the
first time I took a risk I've always
taken risks when I have felt that my
conscience demands that I I do so and
what led me to create Collette was when
I was a graduate student I was involved
in a lot of online discussions with
academics in psychology and we had such
fascinating interesting discussions that
were completely unlike anything that you
would see in mainstream media and I
thought firstly there's a business
opportunity here if I can bring some of
these
sessions to a market and secondly you
know people need to know that there are
there is scientific evidence and some of
these topics and mainstream journalists
and neglecting to inform readers about
some of these issues or some of some of
this evidence yeah so I want to read the
mission statement from Colette because
it'sit's pretty freakin perfect Colette
is a platform for free thought we
respect
ideas even dangerous ones we also
believe that free expression and the
free exchange of ideas help human
societies flourish and progress Colette
aims to provide a platform for this
exchange everybody seems to be afraid of
dangerous ideas right now right I mean
that's why this little crew of people
are together for whatever our
differences are yeah I think that
there's a there's been a conflation
between giving a platform or exploring
ideas and endorsing ideas and they're
not the same thing so I will publish
stuff on Colette that I don't
necessarily agree with politically I
don't see the the fact of publishing and
in necessarily as an endorsement I also
am very clear that I'm going to make
mistakes as an editor Colette
we don't want to make mistakes about
accuracy and if were ever called out for
publishing something that's not
factually correct we will own up to that
mistake but you know we're living in a
time of intense ideological flux and to
work out where we're all going we need
to be able to talk about things freely
and we need to be able to make mistakes
and I think make being able to make
mistakes is a sign of a healthy
environment and it's a sign of you know
it's part of the creative process yeah
so the the the the warriors who want to
shut down debate who want to shut down
free speech and argue that giving a
platform for exploring dangerous ideas
is equivalent to endorsing
they're basically saying that you can't
make a mistake and that's that's really
scary because the only way we move
forward is to experiment test new ideas
see see what works and pick the best
ones out of the experimentation process
and move forward that way yeah so I want
to discuss some of the dangerous ideas
yeah or that you're platforming but it's
interesting that you said this thing
about you don't mind making mistakes
because I feel very much the same I will
sit down with all sorts of people I've
done it before people I agree with and
disagree with some people who I really
don't like what they're talking about
but I try to give everybody a fair shake
and what I'm noticing is there's a
tremendous amount of pushback just on
that that's what you're getting to like
the idea that a you can sit down with
someone and separate a human being from
their ideas but also that there's this
sort of secondary thing that I'm
noticing and I think you you get it too
just from the articles you guys put out
which is that if I don't ask the exact
question that someone wants me to ask or
I miss this or I word this this way but
just this this army that doesn't feel
that organic to me is ready to pounce
and I'm really trying to work through
that like I don't spend too much time
thinking about it but it is a conscious
thing like oh there's gonna be this
group of people that no matter what I do
and really what they're trying to do is
chill everybody out so that you'll only
talk about what they're comfortable with
yeah well there are there are people at
the moment who feel that all of the
important questions have been answered
all of the important moral and ethical
dilemmas have an answer and that at this
point in history
everything's been worked out and anyone
who's exploring different ideas or is
doubtful about these moral issues is
evil your party argue you're racist yeah
yes so I come I come from a different
approach where like I don't know what's
going on like I I'm trying to work it
out with other people and I want the
freedom to be able to explore in a weird
way does that get you the most hate
because I think I really believe that's
where most people are I think that's why
people
and what I do here I'm just being open
about my journey and listening to people
and learning yeah yeah you know and that
but that opens you up from hate from the
both sides it's a lot easier to just
stake out a position and then you only
get hate one way but when you're like I
am gonna hear both sides you know it's
why I love listening to to Sam Harris
and George Henderson to ban you know the
biggest existential questions that there
are it's like yeah it's like if I've
completely settled my mind on this I
don't know I wouldn't be that impressed
yeah my thought process or something
yeah well you know I don't get a lot of
hate um I certainly have Twitter trolls
but well I wait till we I sort of don't
really notice it yeah okay yeah that's
probably the most simple way to deal
with this all right so let's talk about
some of those dangerous ideas what are
some dangerous ideas that have bubbled
up from your writers that you've had to
think about or that you're you're
focused on these days yeah so because my
background is in psychology we tackle
issues that come from the behavioral
sciences so we've looked at sex
differences psychological sex
differences between men and women
differences in interests in occupations
so we've published some articles on why
there are fewer women in computer
science for example and we published a
analysis of James d'amours Google memo
written by four different scientists who
have some expertise in that area we've
published on intelligence research what
were some of the results yeah well they
you know they basically said that
something pretty similar that he was in
the ballpark in terms of getting the
science right and his position is valid
in terms of regular scientific debate
there are observable sex differences
between men and women the differences in
interest in occupations is very robust
and reliable so women are overwhelmingly
interested in
occupations which have something to do
with people so caring professions
medicine even law whereas men have more
interest in occupations that are to do
with systems and things so anything
mechanical computer science and there's
no there's no difference between the
average intelligent scores between men
and women and the evidence around
differences in verbal and mathematical
ability is somewhat mixed I mean you can
you can have debates backwards and
forwards over the strengths of those
differences but the difference in
interest is very robust so why are
people so afraid of that why is it that
there is a set of people out there right
now that want us to act to be all equal
in their minds but it yeah actually
force us to go against nature I mean
that's what yeah that's what this really
is well there is a fear that if you
acknowledge that there are differences
between individuals or groups that
you're saying that one group is inferior
so there's been a like the idea that we
have to be the same to be equal has been
a very prevalent and strong idea I don't
know who came where the idea comes from
but it's it's um it's dangerous because
if you if you argue that no true
equality can be achieved unless we're
all the same then no true then we can't
have equality so however if you argue
that no we are all morally equal and
that we deserve equal opportunity and
the equal we deserve equal opportunities
to live a happy flourishing life however
there are differences between us yeah
and you can preserve that ethical
principle so it's very problematic for
people who think that there can be no
equality between men and women unless
we're proven to be the same
tentacle because the evidence doesn't
support the idea that way the same yeah
what are what are some of the other
dangerous ideas okay so we've probably
we're doing the dangerous roll yeah yeah
we've published work on intelligence
research which is controversial we've
published articles about the hairy
intelligence are you talking about
intelligence and race this seems to be
one that people seem to be all that's
yeah that's a hugely controversial issue
and we've published we published a
defense of the Charles Maurice the bell
curve because after he had his
conversation with Sam Harris Vox came
out and wrote a hit piece or wrote some
some kind of article that misrepresented
what they talked about and the bell
curve and so we published a response
from Professor Richard hire who's the
editor of the intelligence journal so
he's a preeminent expert in this area
and he defended Charles Murray's book
and defended the conversation that they
had and said this is an important issue
it's scientifically valid and has merit
to talk about these issues and they got
they work they got the science right so
we we don't aim to be provocative for
the sake of just being inflammatory
right we we have an objective where we
want to protect the scientists who have
who are doing this work or who are
having these comfortable conversations
we want to we want to protect the
individuals who are doing the knowledge
production or the research we want to
protect them from the boxes and the
journalists who just want to write hate
pieces just to get the clicks so we have
a sort of a commitment to those people
who are doing risky work and leave that
kind of protection you're going to my
soft spot today because as as we're
taking this only as we're taping there's
only like an hour
Vox did a piece about me about how I'm
part of the reactionary right yeah it's
just like you guys yes
so in a weird way your your job in some
respect has become sort of like a force
field to just allow people to do the
work yes that they're supposed to be
doing yeah that's right because
universities for all sorts of different
reasons are neglecting their duty to
academic freedom right and academic
freedom is meant to exist to protect
scientists in particular who are doing
work which contradicts the religious
orthodoxy of the time or the moral
orthodoxy and it's quite clear to me
that there are scientists doing work
which challenges politically correct
dogmas and I don't see universities
doing a very good job at protecting
those scientists and so we feel like we
can fill the gap where do you think the
the Gender Studies stuff fits into all
this because in a weird way it seems
like it's all being whittled down to
that somehow that now especially related
to trans issues I was just talking to a
fairly well-known public professor
yesterday off-the-record
yeah about how he's going into his old
even though he's factually correct that
it's calm you know confident about his
research he's going into old lesson
plans to change wording just because he
doesn't want to deal with the mob so
things that were completely acceptable
three four years ago yes now having to
edit out I mean that's that's truly
dangerous so what is going on with the
Gender Studies departments in the rest
of this ah it's all moving so fast it's
hard to really to analyze what's going
on when it's shifting so fast but
certainly many of the humanities
departments took a turn back in the
1970s and they took they took on these
fashionable theories such as post
structuralism and they they rejected
empirical methods and so when the
argument if we were trying to give them
all the credit yeah
that they're due at least in the
argument if you're if you're rejecting
empirical science or herbal facts what
is your argument that leads you there
because I know people are watching us
going that's just so it's crazy yeah but
they obviously believe it so let's try
to give the devil his due
yes so post modernists have a good point
and that is that we are all biased and a
scientist looking at an issue such as
sexuality has his or her own biases
right and so the questions that the
scientist asks when he or he or she is
designing a survey or designing a lab
experiment are going to have some bias
embedded within them but so that's true
and the post modernist had that insight
however the mistake they make is getting
rid of empirical and objective methods
all together and just saying because
we're biased what's the point right so
they're doing like a massive over
correction yes yes yeah when when what
should be done is acknowledging yes we
all have our bias and if I'm a scientist
designing a study I'm going to have my
bias and it might get embedded into the
work that I'm doing however there are
ways to correct that and we want to
improve our quantitative methodologies
in order to correct for our own biases
the the problem that the post modernists
have is that they say well the bias is
there so let's put it all in the bin and
we're just going to double down on the
bias and just talk about lived
experience I mean that is that's just
taking the completely the wrong
direction right I mean it's quite
literally the reverse of a scientific
yeah so basically they're they're saying
that that bias is truth right I mean if
you're saying bias that the lived
