[Music]
joining me today is the senior editor of
the Atlantic a contributor on MSNBC and
the author of the new book Trump
accuracy the corruption of the american
republic david frum welcome to the rubin
report thank you so much for having me
I'm glad to have you here I've wanted
you on for a couple years I think at
this point you were a tough guy to track
down but we made it happen
I'm findable I'm not in hiding yet
you're not in hiding yet you could be
maybe by the end of this interview
because I let my guests talk and you
never know right now that's the Twitter
formula that you're like 140 characters
away from career self-immolations yeah
well we've got about 60 minutes we'll
see about emulation immediately all
right so a lot of things I want to talk
to you about I thought your your
personal history is interesting and
usually when I see you on television
you're talking about the the day-to-day
machinations of politics you are
Canadian I did not know that I find that
I like Canadians everyone does why are
you people so agreeable because they're
so passive-aggressive I grew up in
Toronto I'm just we have place in Prince
Edward County which is about 2 and 1/2
East out of Toronto two hours east of
Toronto where my wife and I and our
children are spent summers now for
almost three decades Canada is a you
know is a kind of mirror image of the
United States with some things omitted
some things intensified and so I think
it offers Americans often a kind of well
what if examination of what the United
States might have been under different
circumstances yes that's an interesting
phrase what do you think so mitad and
what do you think's intensified in well
so Canada didn't have the American South
didn't have slavery didn't have a Civil
War Canada had a peaceful separation
from Great Britain so it doesn't have
the mill it doesn't have the kind of
citizen military traditions Canadians a
very different attitude toward guns I
mean they're my neighbors in Prince
Edward County all have are not all but
many have long guns hunting pieces
shotguns but the idea of having a
a military style weapon is a very alien
idea for Canadians yeah do you think
some of the Canadian attitude is also
that just there's a lot of geographic
space and not that many people actually
yes well there it can be kind of it can
be kind of spooky tonight I mean they're
they're great city so Canadian Canada's
much more urbanized place in the United
States
Canadians are more likely to live in
Toronto Vancouver Calgary Edmonton
Montreal those places but and there
there's a I mean a line from a poem the
wild is always there and even when you
live in the center of Toronto you can
head off you can start driving and
pretty soon you you're in the wild yeah
interesting so your mom was on the
Canadian Broadcasting YES Network or
company CBC Canadian Broadcasting
Corporation Corporation okay
Linda from tell me a little bit that's
my Linda promise my sister who's a
member of the Canadian I think things
are different no no but she's a very
prominent person to Linda from as a
member of the Canadian Senate leader in
the Canadian Conservative Party my late
mother Barbara from was the host I heard
correct here keep my biography Keaney
arresting you on your back she was a
radio interview on a show called as it
happens for a decade and then was the
founder of a show called the journal
which was one of those face-to-face TV
shows at a time when satellite instant
satellite communication was quite new
she died in 1992 at the age of 54 was
your family always political I mean it
sounds like probably right well but my
family was interested in politics my my
late father was a businessman not not
involved in the political world and he
had a lot of distance from from politics
but yes I mean my parents dinner table
was a place it was a high-pressure
environment and they they thought deeply
about things but they were not
ideological and one of the one of the
places where I really I mean learned to
think was around that dinner table
because you know my my mother's very
skeptical about everything including her
own children
and the way she when you were saying
something she didn't like but she would
never argue with you which you just set
marching these two lines of
interrogatory questions and you would
eventually realize I'm caught between
these two
lines and she would force you to think
more deeply about and not just political
things but about everything why do you
do that why do you say that
why do you think that's funny and it
made you a more conscious person and I
try to live up to that in the way I
raise my own children you never try I
try never to tell them what to do or
what they what to think but instead to
challenge them to think and to think
more deeply and not just about the big
things but about everything do you think
that's what we're fundamentally missing
in society right now I mean I think it's
what I try to bring to this show I try
to let my guests talk even when I
disagree with them and maybe poke and
prod them in ways to to learn a little
bit more but that everyone in the media
these days is just pounding at each
other and hitting each other and trying
to destroy each other instead of sort of
going along that journey with you and
figuring out why you think that way and
yeah and more importantly how you think
I think it's just human nature I think I
think it's human nature to be tough on
others and soft on ourselves and it it's
a real discipline and to say you know
what maybe I should be soft on others
and tough on myself so there's an
interesting story I want to get this
totally right when you were 14 you
volunteered for the Ontario New
Democratic Party yes so far so good so
far so good and for those who don't
follow Canadian politics as closely so
the Ontario NDP is the Left Party in
Canada it's a multi-party system and the
canid of course has a parliamentary
system and there was a provincial
election and I was interested in seeing
how politics worked I wasn't I didn't
really have political ideas but I was
interested in campaigns and I
volunteered on that back campaign so on
that campaign you're 14 years old and on
your commute you're reading The Gulag
Archipelago well it was a bus subway
streetcar you know it was really
something for a volunteer right it was
summer holiday and so my mother had
given me as a birthday present the
paperback edition of The Gulag
Archipelago and urged me to read it and
so I had a lot of time on that commute
and it had it hit me like a bomb and I
think I mean my family you know
we're not my parents got I would have
Europe my family my families got out of
Europe before the war but they left
people behind it's Poland Poland but so
most of my father's family were
annihilated in the Holocaust and very
fair was something was always very
conscious in my mind and then here was
this other story that I had not heard so
much about and it it saved me how does
that shape a 14 year old well it if what
it makes you aware of is that human
history is very tragic that you can't
wrote a lot that power can be abused and
it makes you begin to think very hard
but well how do we build a society and
so there I was on the Toronto subway
system in a society that really worked
and it forces yet I think most societies
aren't like this in most societies
people are exposed to random terror and
to dictatorial power how do you make
societies that that work and that
protect people and respect human dignity
and human freedom
so I began and of course at 14 you have
no answers but you can you become
interested in the question and what you
also know is that when people say I have
a great scheme for Humanity it just
requires a few prison camps way you
learn you know what it's probably not
such a good scheme right although they
usually don't tell you it requires
prison gifts it usually tells you
requires a lot of good things right I
mean isn't that the real trick but it's
currently but it tells you at at there
are warnings early on they're warnings
early on in any utopian project like
that we're going to have to you know
break break some eggs here to make no an
omelet and at first you're right at
first the eggs are not at first the eggs
are kind of small but the the first you
but you can tell those steps and that
one of the things that you know I mean
this is I think one of the reasons why
people look at what's happening on
campuses with such alarm because you
know obviously those are the people who
are shouting down people on campus they
don't have police forces but they've
made it pretty clear how if they ever
did have a police for exactly how they'd
use yeah so when I first came across you
I think it was
maybe 10 years ago you were on real time
a lot and I would say I would just see
you on different televisions and it was
probably when for me personally I was a
little more left than maybe I am at the
moment or at least the whole Overton
Window has just shifted that it's hard
to put anyone on the traditional map
anymore but I always sort of you always
struck me as like a sensible
conservative I never watched you and was
like ah that's the guy I disagree with
on the right you know in some like
crazed way what what does conservatism
because you you are conservative right I
would say I would use the adjective I am
conservative my I've stopped using the
noun a conservative interesting that's
an interesting distinction and it makes
sense to me relative to so many things
changing right now
what does conservatism generally mean to
you well I think it starts with the way
our brains are built that there are
people who are more conscious of risk
and they're people less conscious of
risk the people who hanker for change
they're people who are ready to stick
with present evils rather than try new
ones and that's just a matter of brain
chemistry then when people with those
different brain chemistry's approach the
problems with society they start
building systems of ideas so the reason
I stopped using the phrase a
conservative and stop talking about the
conservative movement is what I would
have called conservatism when I came out
of college in 1982 was a set of answers
to the problems in the 1970s and 80s
inflation crime the Soviet menace the
disorder in American life a sluggish
productivity growth and the
Conservatives of those days had a series
of policy recommendations for those
problems and by and large they weren't
and the result was that the problems
either were overcome or anyway so
reduced in significance they stopped
being the most important problems in
Americans karaduman
new problems came to the fore and about
those new problems conservatives had the
same old answers they've had back in
1982 and it became a kind of fetish that
if lower taxes were the right way to
respond to low productivity growth in
1982 then if you had completely
different problems in 2008 and obviously
still lower taxes must be the same must
work just as well as they did before
completely different set of problems in
1982 so I think what is what has
happened is that the conservative
movement on conservative politics is a
fossil it's it's it's interesting in
that reveal it's like unearthing some
piece of rock from a different
geological era it tells you something
about what people had on their minds in
1982 but if you say how am I going to
solve the problems of 2018 not so
helpful yeah so when people say that
they're conservatives now does that have
any particular meaning to you like I
guess there is the set that you're
talking about from 82 that's going you
know we know what the answers are then
but that seems very different from now
and then of course we're obviously gonna
spend a lot of time talking about Trump
and that really is flip this on well
well this is what is made from possible
this is why the conservative movement
has sort of worked itself out of a job
so the actual content of conservatism as
you know what does conservatism have to
say about the opioid epidemic what does
it have to say about the Great Recession
what does it have to say but the
collapse in life expectancy among
non-college Americans what does it have
to say about America's place in the
world
in a world in which we're no longer
competing with an ideological nuclear
superpower of the Soviet Union but with
a with these opportunistic actors that
like Russia and China as conservatism
has become more useless to help those
problems what what it has been left
behind is an attitude what conservatism
I think means to most people say I'm a
conservative
it means anti leftism find out what the
what the American Left is talking about
at any given moment and not only think
the opposite of it but actually make
your opposition to that that group of
people the organizing principle of your
politics your sort of defining principle
basically your defining principle now
what that does is first it makes it does
a couple things first it makes
opposition ISM it means you're always
against never for and the second thing
it means is you never have the
initiative because you don't know what
you think about anything until somebody
else tells you first and I think that's
one of the reasons why conservatives
were so vulnerable to trump is the
you had an intellectual estate that was
largely untended and falling into
disrepair
and Donald Trump came and kicked the
door down and moved in
were there any candidates that you liked
that of that crew before Trump came in
and wrecked the whole thing look there
been a lot of I mean I've almost always
supported well until 2016 I always
supported the Republican nominee for
president and I thought there have been
a lot of people who have had real
promise to make a good precedent MIT
Romney would have made a very very good
president conservatism problem a
republicanism problem has been that you
take people who are have real promise as
leaders and you then connect them to a
program that can't win a democratic
election you know since the end of the
Cold War conservatives won the
Republican nominee for president has won
a majority of the popular vote exactly
once that was in 2004 in the aftermath
of 9/11 it's no longer there's no longer
a national majority for what Republicans
are offering and what has happened and
it's no surprise because one year said
well our big idea is to take the
Medicare guarantee away from everybody
under 55 to put Medicaid on the path
toward extinction and to use all of that
to finance more tax cuts like those that
worked in the 1980s in a completely
different set of circumstances that
you're not talking to or about me so
good people have been committed to an
unworkable program and what has happened
then has been that as Republicans have
lost the parties become more desperate
and we're vulnerable but when it's also
happened is that you have had a an
increasingly self-conscious move in the
conservative world and this is part of
the trump acqua see when I talk about in
the book to say well if we can't win a
majority of the people what we are going
to we're going to cope with that by
redefining who the proper people are
we're going to define the country we're
going to shrink our definition of who
are the people and divide the country
between the people and
those people and the people and if we
have a majority of the people that's all
we care about and we're going to try to
find ways to prevent those people from
participating in even voting so it's a
couple things there so it's interesting
you mentioned taxes a couple of times
generally speaking when I have
conservative sit across from you there
for tax cuts no matter what and that's
what you're saying that there was the 82
Cru basically that was sport and then
this fossil remained and people are
always for it now but it's it's rare to
sit across from a conservative and
you're basically saying that there are
instances at least where the tax cuts
are not a problem yeah but what one of
the really damaging things I mean
societies have states states need
revenue so there are their thing their
ways you know the United Sates might not
need so much tax money if for example it
didn't spend twice it twice as much per
person on health care as everybody else
in the world I mean you look at the
actual dollars the United States spends
on on health provision for terrible
results it's very expensive
conservatives by and large are not
interested in getting their fingers into
that problem they're not so the
government needs revenue and it has to
be funded and part of the fossilization
happens it's conservative say you say
we've got a problem whatever it is and
consider well if I can solve it with a
tax cut then I'm for doing something if
I can only solve it by having a spending
increase that I won't do anything
well then happens it's cynical operators
say well what if we take our spending
increase instead of doing it through an
appropriation we do it through a tax
credit how do you feel that oh then I'm
fine right and the result is that
whether the problem is housing or higher
education or caring for disabled
children that conservatives can be sold
a solution in the form of a tax credit
which is usually the least efficient way
of solving up a problem and the result
is we that you get this kind of
malformed state where the United States
has a really big and expensive
government but it's financed in
especially inefficient ways and it
addresses problems in especially
inefficient ways so
is the first part there though that
nobody actually cut spending you know
I've had been Shapiro in here a bunch of
times and that's what he talks about
that we can keep raising taxes forever
and ever and ever but that really we
have this just giant monstrosity of a
government that's incredibly inefficient
I mean even health care aside just
everything all the mid-level bureaus and
regulators and just this massive federal
government that was never supposed to
get so big that we never actually really
look at how much of that we could chop
away at where then if we did a little of
that we could have the the sort of
relevant conversations about tax cuts
that you're talking about well that's
partly true and partly not the United
States what does the Unites States
government's spend its money on defense
Medicare Medicaid Social Security
I think that's those things together I
think that's about 80 percent so the
rest of the government you know is I
mean I think it's true that dollar for
dollar the US government is less
efficient than that of other countries
mostly because of the inheritance of not
having a proper civil service that the
idea the president starts off by
