[Music]
joining me today is the former CEO of
National Public Radio and the author of
Republican like me how I left the
liberal bubble and learn to love the
right kenster and welcome to the Rubin
report thanks Dave thanks for adding me
on the show
you left the liberal bubble and have
survived I did you're a survivor so live
on 94 percent Democratic ninety-four
percent Democratic Ward in Washington
you see 100% Democratic household
increasingly concerned about this when
they kick you out of the house so under
debate and my ten year old son booed my
first television appearance when the
book came out and I've been creasing ly
concerned about sort of the polarization
how much we hate the other side often
without really knowing the other side so
I decided I'd spend I'd do something
about it for myself
recognizing I am in a bubble like all of
us are I wanted to spend time as much as
I can it could trying to understand
things from some of the things from the
someone else's point of view that's been
a year traveling the country communing
with conservatives with Republicans
really trying to see things from their
point of view yeah and that did survive
so yeah or we get well you've survived
so far let's see it let's see how this
hour okay and there's a lot that I want
to talk to you about because even the
use of the word liberal in the subtitle
I think is interesting because I always
talk about the difference between the
left and liberalism and and a few other
things but first let's just find out a
little bit about your your back story
what we are doing that led you to be the
the CEO of NPR so I've spent a good part
of my career in media spent on some
international broadcasting Voice of
America and joined NPR in 1999 a first
as chief operating officer and then
eventually became CEO and was there
during it for about a decade have spent
time in almost all the unpopular
professions there are law politics and
media so
and you're from DC right so he's having
the whole thing here yeah so there's a
there's a lot to dislike about my
background
apparently for most of the country tell
me a little bit about just the NPR
machine I know half my audience to my
audience that leans right is probably
hearing NPR and they're going oh I like
this guy because he left the bubble butt
but NPR like raises some flags for them
and then my audience on the left is
going NPR they're the they're the the
new Bible of truth and all that tell me
a little bit about just the ecosystem of
NPR so and parents interesting place it
is a really collective of public radio
stations from around the country so NPR
is a company which I ran for for a
number of years of journalists and
similar people it's essentially a news
organization but it is connect to do 500
public radio stations around the country
so it's unique in the sense that you
know most of its reporters are located
watching you see in similar places but
you can go to virtually any community
around the country the wilds of Alaska
you'll find public radio stations which
I think makes it sort of a unique place
yeah do they have any other connection
the radio stations other than that they
fall under the NPR well they're all
they're all part of the not NPR they're
all part of the public radio system and
the thing that often people key on is
that they are not through NPR through
the corporation public broadcasting the
recipients of various federal funds
support their operations yeah what does
it say that if we were to look at all of
these radio stations that I would guess
that probably every single one of them
leans left yet they're funded by the
government so this isn't this isn't a
nonpartisan radio operation really right
yeah so I've made myself somewhat
unpopular in public radio over the last
few months by saying two things which I
think you can hold in your head at the
same time I actually have a lot of it
admiration for virtually all the
reporters I know at NPR and poetry
stations they try to do tell stories
from both sides they're dedicated to the
craft of journalism sometimes I think
they are often even to almost metronome
like and here's one point of view here's
another and so I think it is appropriate
to acknowledge that they are serious
journalism doing journalists
be balanced and fair to appropriate a
slogan from Fox right I think the
challenge that I raised with emoji made
me unpopular is they all probably not
offer many of them come from the same
these are self-perpetuating
organizations they hire people who are
like them who tend to think like them
came from similar backgrounds all
problem many of them I think if you took
a census of them you'd find very few
vote for Donald Trump right it's funny I
can see how carefully you're trying to
be with your words that you don't want
to say all and of course you don't mean
every into e there but it's probably the
vast vast majority if not 90% or more
our progressives I think is basically
what you're trying I think that probably
right and so I mean so I think the
challenge is not that they're
progressives but there is a consequence
of group think about what story is
important what what policies are right
and wrong what what voices should be on
the air and I think that's a real
challenge for a place like NPR and
really for mainstream media as a whole
you know it's what I said to the folks
at NPR was you know they would never
think of covering racial issues only
with white males no matter how good
those white males are and really should
be the same with with politics they
shouldn't cover it only with people who
largely come from a progressive
background no matter how dead here the
craft of journalism
what kind of racial if she'd be made
where well it doesn't matter I just mean
any sort of you know if they wanted to
cover you know if they had a beat on
race in America right they would not
only have they wouldn't it just wouldn't
have whites on it white males only on
and they shouldn't it shouldn't cover
gender issues okay with men I mean I
think you need to have people of
different backgrounds and different
ideas to have the right type of creative
tension that a newsroom needs right
you're not saying exclude those people
you're saying they just no of course not
I'm all for white male last I checked
yeah you know they it's it's it's that
you need to have not only diversity of
gender and race in in newsroom you have
to diversity of ideas and backgrounds
yeah so where were your politics so you
started there in 99 were you a hardcore
lefty were you a centrist yeah liberal
or I don't think a hardcore person who
write the book I
and take the experience but I spent time
to democratic politics on the reelect
for Bill Clinton I think you know I
think I say in the book my voted
straight Democratic ticket except for I
think I probably voted against Barry and
Barry in his various quest to be mayor
for life and that's about it so the
crack arrest was too much for you that's
where you drew the line with Marion
Barry yes that's right that's right yeah
so when did you sort of start realizing
that there was this ideological lockdown
on alternative opinions there you mean
it so I think there's an alternative
lockdown and ideas generally yes does
not make this about NPR one place
because I think that's unfair because
what has happened in this country is
we've all become in our own bubbles
liberals conservatives and it's it's a
product of a number of different things
that's going on it's really quite
extraordinary it's we now choose where
we live based upon political ideology
and try to find homogeneous
neighborhoods politically homogeneous
neighborhoods it didn't exist before our
political parties are increasingly
political home homogeneous there no such
thing as conservative Democrats or
liberal Republicans anymore they don't
have homes yeah where's the Blue Dog
Democrats go they are the guys that I
would love to be voted right they died I
mean the Blue Dog caucus was quite
important 15 years ago yeah doesn't
exist anymore there is no Democrat who
is more conservative than the than the
most liberal Republican and vice versa
they're the Venn diagram does not meet
anymore in the Congress and now we lower
all of our own media right so concerns
Gillison Fox or any other or rush or any
other place Democrats had liberals and
progressives have plenty of choices that
fit their own and it's a credibly
destructive and it means we're all
increasing their own bubble and when
that happens it's not that we actually
begin to disagree more become easy just
easy to demonize the other side when you
don't know them or you don't hear from
them when you don't dialogue with them
it's really easy to hate each other and
that's what's happened this country we
really hate the other side in ways that
are very different than 15 years ago
well I think that's why I do this show
and why you wrote this book
but before we get out of the fully the
radio part of it yeah you mentioned rush
why does it seem
right-wing radio so rush and Glenn back
and michaelsavage and the list goes on
and on seems to be commercially viable
gets tons of listens and all that and
left-wing radio it simply doesn't work
outside of what's funded really by the
government so Air America was a
catastrophe
right right example I don't have a good
answer that so let's let me admit up
front I don't think it's a good answer
I'll tell you what conservatives will
say they will say I don't think this is
either I think it's a little bit truth a
little bit of falsehood in is what
liberals find a home a place like the
New York Times and NPR they're
comfortable with him there their needs
are met and they'll say that Rush and
others cessful because conservative
needs are not met in mainstream media
yeah and that's you know I'm not gonna
make an equivalency between left and
right I think that's a false equivalency
in terms of media and how they operate
but it is clearly true when you look at
the the psychographics of the of the
readers and your times or the listeners
NPR they come primarily from the left
yeah when you hear people on the right
it's usually people on the right say
well why are we funding NPR I mean why
is the government and even funding
public radio at all at this point and
especially if there is an ideological
bent to it how do you respond yeah again
I don't want to let's not take this too
far because it ideological bent is is
right in sort of an unconscious way a
subconscious way it doesn't have I think
no one sits at NPR ordinary we didn't
used to and says you know let's tell one
side of the story and not the other yeah
I suspect that's actually not quite true
I mean I think they're in their bubble
as you talked about here so much that I
don't know that they're consciously
doing it but they've sort of decided
what yeah I think it's everything I
think it's a fair criticism right but
there's a difference I mean there's a
very significant difference in how
mainstream media works and conservative
media works and let's just acknowledge
it without sort of attributed anything
good or bad to it and some knowledge
that they come from a different place
and a different sort of journalistic
ethic you know a public fraud funding
for broadcast public broadcasting is an
artifact of a different era you know
they they started in 1970
when there was three networks and there
were just no real alternatives to those
three networks and a handful of
newspapers and it was really important
that the government as they do in
England in a lot of other places
supported the public radio and public
televsion and they exist I'm probably
true that if if Paul grade and Public
Television did exist no one would create
it now because there's so many different
outlets the reason is I think it's
interesting though to actually explore
the reasons why public broadcasting
funding still exists it's not because of
NPR and PBS it's because of the local
stations the people who's you know don't
bang on NPR and PBS but those at least
in my day the people who actually stood
up for public broadcasting when it came
to appropriation time it was Ted Stevens
as conservative a senator you ever get
from Alaska because he didn't really
care for NPR more psp2 but he loved
Alaska problem broadcasting and he knew
that that was election a lifeline
lifeline brought service to parts of
Alaska that didn't get content local
news and others and that's why I think
it still gets pokes but um spoke support
not because of like or dislike for the
National content providers that's
interesting I don't know too much about
Ted Stevens specifically but I wonder
was he fighting would he been okay with
well let let's the state fund it then
you know not instead of the federal
government or is it's all funded I
assume is it is a partnership parley
with the states with put ups it so
public broadcasting is complicated but
yeah states we don't have to go to do
you think it's interesting
relative to so many not all many
broadcasting stations get significant
support from local jurisdictions whether
it's a state or a municipality
yeah so even though he probably wasn't
thrilled with what they were putting on
air he just wanted some of the federal
funds that help allow it because he
liked it for his state's purposes yeah
he knew it was a lifeline service to
Alaska and Wyoming and other places like
that they don't have major media markets
that's really who and that's where the
money goes is to those stations right
it's interesting because the world has
changed so much obvious so 1970 and the
idea that the government I mean to me
and I get it Sesame Street's great and I
was just watching it with my niece a
couple weeks ago but the idea that the
government is funding any of these ways
that we get media now you know seems
very archaic to where we are in 2017 it
is you know the interesting to think
about and we can spend the whole hour
talking about it and hope we don't get
my book yeah we'll get there but if
federal funding went away tomorrow on
the radio side I know much more about
regular in television NPR ultimately
fine
many of the stations in big cities would
be fine it's actually the rural stations
that would collapse mm-hmm
and that's why you know I think there is
that support for public broadcasting
funding as it goes forward yeah just
generally speaking do you think that if
funding was slowed down or cut or
whatever that wouldn't private people
that feel that this is important jump in
on that I mean that's one of the themes
that I talk about here a lot about how
much should the government do and if the
government stopped doing so much maybe
if these things are vital and important
that private people would and they
didn't take on some of the burden yeah
uh great at all I think principled
support I mean ten years out of date so
at least when I was there the principal
revenue came from listeners like you
yeah that's where the the largest source
of revenue comes from so as the host of
the PBS fundraiser in New York City yeah
Manhattan right many years ago I gave
away some totes and all that data for
free yeah no yeah so again I think
wooden in New York WNYC would be fine
they probably hate me for saying this
but I don't know that poll asked a
public radio would be fine because the
amount of people to give them money
pretty pretty low I'm just a number of
people and the wealth available tap is
is very different there yeah it's just
an interesting dilemma because I could
see some valuable stations in these
local markets these small markets that
there's worth to them and then on the
other hand it's like why should we be
funding all of these things if they
can't just exist on their own so it's an
interesting philosophical a because it's
one those issues which I think if
conservatives talk to conserve is about
and liberals talk to liberals about they
come to very different points of view
yeah if you actually talk to people who
know and put people together actually
realize it's actually a fairly
complicated nuanced issue that has no
sort of obvious right or wrong answer
it's actually true when you go out and
talk to people about issues people
actually you know in social media
they're angry and mad but no life
actually pretty moderate and that's one
of the things I discovered in my year
traveling the country yeah well people
are always there seemingly worst online
and snappiest and very rarely do that
you know when you're standing across
somebody or sitting across somebody just
like this so let's talk about the word
liberal for a second the subtitle is how
I left the liberal bubble and learn to
love the right yeah what does liberal
mean to you so I think that's a
catch-all phrase for progressive
Democrat in some type of gross way
describe Democrats progressive people of
the left I don't mean necessarily
classical liberal as you might be
thinking of it yeah has it meant because
I think today it means it's the
catch-all for I know it's a very poor
ssin of the of the spectrum yeah it's
unfortunate for me because I've tried
really hard to show people that if
you're a classical liberal and you
believe in the individual and
live-and-let-live that actually that is
virtually nothing to do with
progressives but even even some of my
allies now who are on the right well we
say liberal liberal liberal and of my
guys let's separate from left but yeah
yeah I don't know if I gave it that
careful thought the ends of the term I
mean I think it's a catch-all for the
people whose environment I was shared
yeah who I lived with the people I
worked with the people who ran the
meteor ization is that I used yeah did
you find those people to actually be
liberal though I know this is a little
bit about the definition of the words
but did you find that they really at
their heart were liberal I mean that
they really were tolerant and
understanding and liberalism in its best
sense good god no and I think this gets
us to where the book is yeah I think the
thing that's worried me absolute truth
it's one of which is I think that's
share we're increasingly intolerant of
anyone who disagrees with us it's strong
airily so and it is angered me a little
bit so ruining me personally because
I've always thought of like you thought
of liberals one of the tenants of modern
liberalism is tolerance of perspective
different perspective and belief that
really we need
the diversity of ideas and there is
value in different ideas and value in
listening and engaging that is not a
value of modern American politics as we
know it and that is her wounds me
personally and one of the things that
led me to this book yeah do you remember
a moment when you started seeing that
more amongst your kind so to speak so
I'll tell you story no not particularly
