all right what's going on people I am
caffeinated and ready to roll so we were
going to do this at 7:00 p.m. Pacific
tonight but then some scheduling things
happen I literally just landed from
Philadelphia this morning Boston two
days ago Toronto the day before that
just landed in LA we're taping two shows
today I'm not gonna reveal everything
right now one of the guests is a little
late so we thought we'd do this now
maxing out the time here I have so many
things that I want to share with you
guys there is so much good stuff
happening right now
this tour with Jordan Peterson's been
amazing my return to stand-up there's so
many signs and signals that the things
that we're talking about here are really
taking root I think that this
intellectual dark web article from Barry
Weiss in the New York Times two weeks
ago really really leveled this thing up
and and it's just reached all across
everything and it wouldn't even be just
that it's the good part of the article
that reached across everything it's that
the amount of hysteria and angry people
and misrepresentations of all of our
views and all that the amount of
articles being written about it and
think pieces and all this nonsense it's
like man we must be doing something
right over here that all these people
are just making up this nonsense and to
be on tour with Jordan Peterson we're
literally literally every day there is
another ridiculous hit piece written
about him often I've met the author of
the piece the New York Times when they
came out this week about his enforced
monogamy idea I was in the greenroom on
the first night of the tour I believe in
Toronto two weeks ago with with the girl
who wrote the piece and it's just like
man journalism is freaking dying and
dead and by the way with that in mind
we're getting some new allies in this
space Elan musk has been on a freaking
tear about mainstream media so I think
there's a lot of interesting things
happen the Dali Lama tweeted something
about individualism and coming together
as people I think there's so much cool
stuff happening right now I'm totally
enthused
I'm meeting literally thousands of you
guys you know at these events most of
the theaters that we're doing are about
three to five thousand people I think
the biggest one we did was the Apollo in
London which was 5,000 people I mean
think about that 5,000 people coming to
here a psychologist talk about ideas you
know it's just awesome so I usually go
up there I do about 10 to 15 minutes to
stand up I get the crowd growing we're
talking about lobsters and cleaning your
room and all this crazy stuff and I just
get everybody having a good time and and
the beauty is you can feel it that for
you watching this right now for most
people watching this stuff it's like
you're watching this most likely on your
on your phone or you're on a computer
it's a pretty singular experience right
maybe you're with somebody but usually
you're not watching it a whole group of
people although I have heard that now
some students are watching the show and
there's some groups there's a group in
India that I think gets together on
Sunday nights and watches my show it's
amazing but generally speaking you're
watching this as a solo experience and
you're kind of just we're doing this
right but to be in a room with 5,000
people who agree disagree black white
gay straight all of that stuff all of
that diversity but are just coming
together to hear about ideas and then
hear Jordan talk about why racism is not
good why the alt-right is bad why
cultural Marxism and progressivism are
all so bad and just everybody getting on
board talking about personal
responsibility it's just it really I
feel like my life even from two weeks
ago my life has changed cuz you can't be
around that kind of force for that long
and and not feel something it just it
feels real and honest and and good and I
think we're we're challenging each other
Jordan has made it very clear that
nothing is off-limits during the Q&A so
usually I take some questions from the
crowd that they there there's an app
that they send questions in on but then
I mix it up with some of my own stuff
he's challenged me a little bit on some
things it's been it's been a total
learning experience and very cool all
right so here's what we're gonna do here
so on top of the Jordan Peterson tour
which I'm heading back out on our next
stop is in Houston and the Dallas and
then Austin we're doing a little Texas
thing starting in a couple days but I am
here for a couple days we're booking
some stand-up stuff for me around some
of the tour's stuff so I've got three
shows that I want to tell you guys about
and for anyone that buys a ticket
during this if you're watching this
right now and you're one of the
first we're gonna do this for 20 people
at each one of these venues
we've got DC coming up we've got Tempe
Arizona and we've got Seattle am i right
yes okay if you are watching this and
you're one of the first 20 people to buy
a ticket to the show and the links are
right down below while you're watching
this we're gonna let you in to the to
the meet and greet I do a meet and greet
afterwards shake hands say hi take
pictures all that good stuff we'll let
you get in that for free there's a
premium charge for that but we'll do it
for free so the links to the show are
right down below it's Tempe Arizona of
Tempe improv that is on June Tempe is
June 3rd that's that's basically next
week we got the DC improv on June 7th
and the Seattle we're gonna be at the
parlor live in Seattle that's on June
20th so what you do is if you buy a
ticket screenshot it send it to contact
at Reuben report.com we're gonna get you
in on the meet and greet after contact
at Reuben report com just send your your
screenshot that you bought some tickets
and we'll get you in we'll say hi we'll
do all that good stuff maybe I'll go out
and hang out and have drinks after I
don't know we'll see what what's going
on okay you know what I was supposed to
say ten people per but I said twenty I'm
a man of my word all right guys it's 20
per 20 per show so there's 60 60 slots
if you happen to be near DC or Seattle
or Tempe Arizona which is right by
Phoenix where I'll be with your in a
couple days so anyway so I'm just I'm
just as you can tell I'm just psyched
about what's going on here these shows
we were in we were in London last week
5,000 people at the Apollo Theater it
was just incredible I got out so usually
the way these theater is working on
these are huge awesome old school you
know Phantom of the Opera Theater is
just beautiful beautiful buildings most
of them and they usually have like an
artist's entrance or something but for
the the one in London I didn't know
where the artists entrance was so my
uber just dropped me off right in front
there were out there 2,000 people
outside I got stormed I mean it was
crazy like the amount of people that are
so excited about this stuff and and
everyone talking about their political
awakening and the same that you
were thinking about that I talked about
here about what it's like to evolve
politically and realize that you were
wrong about some things in wanna
more and everyone has like an amazing
life story to tell me and people always
they want to give us stuff everyone
wants to give Jordan personal written
notes or some people have done some
incredible artwork and stuff like that
like it's just been it's been so cool
but as I said before it's that it's that
everyone's coming together people are
looking around and going whoa
you're a Jordan Peterson fan you know
you know Dave Rubin like it's just like
it's like real it really feels like real
real real and cool all right let's see
so I'm gonna take a couple questions by
the way
so we're gonna do the super chat thing
if you're watching right now on the
YouTube we're doing super chat it's real
quick on YouTube I don't know if you saw
this I guess they announced this
yesterday I tweeted about it today but
they're gonna be there experimenting
with changing the feed because we really
want more of that sort of thing where
they're going to they're gonna sort of
rejigger your feed to figure out what
you might want to watch instead of
showing you stuff in chronological order
now call me a conspiracy theorist but if
they don't really like the stuff that
the content creator is putting out there
it seems that they might just hurt you
and everyone else's feed everyone wants
just a chronological feed right you
subscribe to things because you know you
like them and if you don't want if they
put up a clip that you don't like if I
put up an interview that you don't like
you don't watch it but we don't need
youtube or any more of these algorithms
to do more hiding things from us or
promoting other things and we know that
there's just so many ways that that can
be manipulated but they're experimenting
that right now and by the way I'm not
asking the government to come in and fix
the problem I'm using my voice my free
speech I see this on Twitter all the
time people will say see Ruben you're
you don't want any regulation you don't
want the government to come in and fix
anything well now look what happened
with YouTube and the NFL and bah-bah-bah
and no I don't want the government to
come in and fix these things I don't
think the government can fix YouTube I
don't think the government make it fix
the NFL or anything else the government
can't do that much especially the
federal government because it certainly
can't do it well or efficiently so what
you can do and what is your right and
duty as an American is to use your voice
to express pleasure or displeasure or
whatever it else with any company so
when I tweet about YouTube people's out
you can see you don't want the
government of also you can't whine about
it no that's the whole point
you should complain so that hopefully
someone up there some of the higher-ups
go whoa you know there's a bunch of
creators out there and it's not just me
by the way that are complaining and
these guys seem to have some influence
and they're using our platform maybe we
should think about what our
decision-making is here that's what you
do in a free society I can't nobody's
forcing me to be on YouTube right and
they don't have to let me be on YouTube
but as long as they're letting me be on
YouTube I can use my voice to affect the
platform and that's exactly what you
guys can do and by the way one day I
assume and I have a reason to believe
that there's plenty of competition
coming down the pike don't want to say
too much you know what I mean but I just
think there's there's opportunity and
competition and capitalism that's the
answer to all of these problems alright
so here we go
reminder though you guys should click
that Bell on the subscription thing if
you click the bell and I think it'll
give you a couple options like how much
you want to be notified that way you'll
hopefully if they're not manipulating
this thing too much you'll see the
videos and all that bad that being said
our subscriber growth has exploded in
the last month every now and again
suddenly we see these odd anomalies and
then I contact them and they say oh
nothing's going on but people keep
telling me they're being unsubscribed
bla bla bla it's but a bunch of insider
stuff ok reminder one more time and then
I'm gonna dive into some questions any
of you guys that are watching this
either live or or after depending on how
many people jump in we have 20 slots at
each of the three shows in Seattle and
Tempe and in DC and if you screenshot
your tickets that you purchase while you
are watching this we will let you into
the meet and greet after absolutely free
they charge extra for that but we'll do
it for free and I'll say Heidi and all
that good stuff the links to the shows
are down below I've only done one
hour-long show so far it was the Irvine
improv couple weeks ago it was it was
awesome I give you my word but the
manager came up to me after she said
that was the first sold-out standing
ovation she had seen in 18 years of
working there I'm not making this up by
the way I'm a it's a little unclear
right now perhaps there will be a guest
or two from the intellectual dark web
that will join me on these on these
shows but I do about you know an hour
then I do some live Q&A fiddle around if
you guys or all kinds of fun stuff it's
great to just get back to my old life of
doing that it's it's completely
different than what
guys know of me sort of doing the
interview thing I'm also working on the
book again because I've been signing
because people come up to me after the
shows they want me to sign something and
they all have Jordans book so I've been
signing Jordans book which seems unjust
so I finally just because I've been so
busy it's been put on the back burner a
little bit finally really dove back into
it the last couple days so we're working
on that too a lot of good stuff
happening okay
super chat patreon questions let's do a
little something what's an example of a
view that you've been challenged on well
I think the one that everyone knows the
most is from last week's guest larry
elder although this happened about two
and a half years ago when we were
talking about systemic racism way back
when and that's when i still considered
myself sort of more part of the left or
progressive or whatever you want to call
it i was kind of just waking up to a lot
of that stuff and and larry just beat me
senseless there are many clips of this I
think on YouTube one of the clips
someone just took our clip straight up
which we're fine with it has about a
million views of Larry just beating me
that systemic racism meaning the laws
that are built into the system doesn't
exist it doesn't mean that racism
doesn't exist there are always going to
be racists there are going to be bigots
there are going to be people that don't
like black people and people that don't
like gay people and everything uh people
don't like white people and everything
else but you can't you can't change
everyone in a society and if you want to
change everyone who decided you're
probably a pretty bad person actually
but what you can do is make sure that
all the laws are equal so that everyone
has equal opportunity equality of
opportunity you can't get to that where
we're gonna have equal outcome because
some people are gonna be more talented
some people are gonna work harder some
people are gonna be luckier but you want
equal opportunity for everybody and I
would say that the way that you would
deal with so people always say well
alright well what about some historic
and justices and all that sort of thing
well then I would want education to be
focused on let's get it down to the
state level and let's make it slimmer
and trimmer and use money better and not
not you know poor so much money into
federal programs that don't really work
and having everybody just learn so that
they can pass the test without actually
learning and all that stuff so education
I think is where you can make a lot of
movement if you want to get people to be
more
surely equal but watch but Larry doing
that I think you know I've always said
it's it was sort of the best moment and
worst moment of my career at the same
time it was the worst moment because I
went into a conversation not ready not
armed so when I said this thing about
systemic racism and he turned it back on
me I was kind of like a deer in
headlights
so it was my worst moment for that but
it was my best moment because we let it
be uh you know I've told this many times
Tremayne you guys know this but we were
at aura TV at the time we go into the
control room right after the show and
there was a we had a bigger staff at the
time and then one of the producers said
to me you know you guys got to cut that
from the show and I said no we got to
leave that that is a human moment that
is a real moment I don't mind being
wrong I don't mind being humbled and I
don't mind being shown up actually but
it's done the right way you know what I
mean I don't want to be belittled or
attacked or something but he wasn't
attacking me he was attacking my ideas
and my ideas were shaky so I think it
was a good lesson for me and I and I've
heard from literally hundreds if not
thousands of you guys that it was a good
lesson for you guys as well where can
you get this hoodie this is the Reuben
report this is the official Reuben
report hoodie you can get the hoodie at
Reuben report.com slash shop I'm correct
it's shop not store I believe it is
Reuben report.com slash shop we got we
got hoodies we got t-shirts we got
cut-offs store it's store Reuben report
calm slash store I've been I've been
freaking busy people I'm bouncing around
the world here I have a busy Reuben
report calm slash store and we got all
kinds of stuff over there and there's
there's some cool stuff we got classical
liberal t-shirts libertarian ish and a
whole bunch of other stuff and it's a
great way of supporting us a little bit
and and you know spread and worried
about what you're doing okay quick
reminder the three shows are Tempe
improv June 3rd
DC Improv June 7th and Seattle at parlor
live on June 20th any of you watching
this first twenty at any of those things
if you buy a ticket to any of those
shows the links right down below we will
get you into the meet-and-greet for free
if you email us the ticket stub so we
see you that you actually bought the
ticket at contact at Reuben report.com
how's Emma doing Emma dog
many of you guys know Emma she gets in
some of my behind the scenes videos
every now and again have Emma will be 14
what's today is today the 22nd she is
today the 22nd guys she will be 14 on
June 22nd she's a rescue from New
Orleans from Hurricane Katrina she's
just the greatest dog in the world and
and still spry for what 14 what are you
like a 95 year old dog or something yeah
she's she's great thanks for asking
someone on Facebook are you high no I'm
not I'm I have been drinking a lot of
coffee because it's hard to be on all
these flights and you know last week
when I came back from London we had to
tape a couple shows like that morning
and I was way jet-lagged I didn't sleep
on a 10-hour flight for some reason so
my caffeine levels all right are you
noticing a higher energy is that what's
going on here no I am NOT high and and
even if I was high
I mean I've mentioned this before I
don't smoke weed that often maybe once
or twice a week and I like indica which
is that's the one that takes you down I
don't need to be high to be more in my
head you know I mean I don't need any of
these doors open more I would close a
couple of them if it's possible so I I
do like a hit of indica 11 o'clock at
night and I watch The Simpsons or
Seinfeld and go to sleep so no I'm not
high promise you okay let's see from
Facebook any chance of continuing the
founding fathers slash historic figures
series yeah so first off I was so
thrilled that so many of you like that
