all right hello everyone take your seats
please
thank you for taking the time out of
your busy schedules and joining us here
today here at the Dartmouth open campus
coalition we believe that free speech
and viewpoint diversity are fundamental
to our success not only as citizens but
as future leaders it is with my special
excitement that I'm pleased to announce
the Iran Institute's panel on free
speech on our campus we'd like to thank
the Iran Institute for bringing these
three incredible people to Dartmouth
without them this event wouldn't be
possible we appreciate the work of
Dartmouth's classroom technology
services and media production services
for helping make this event viewable to
a worldwide audience we'd also like to
thank conferences and events especially
Jim Albertini nyla Waddell and Donahoe
for their time and effort in helping
coordinate and plan logistics these
three were invaluable to the success of
the event lastly and most importantly we
would not be here today if Rachna Shah
did not work as tirelessly as she has to
build the docc and to initiate events
like this one thank you so much Rachna
today we have three outstanding people
joining us to start a conversation on
some very important issues facing
society especially on college campuses
unkar gotta is a senior fellow and chief
content officer at the ein Rand
Institute
he's the Institute's resident expert on
objectivism and serves as its senior
trainer and editor he has taught
philosophy for over ten years at the
Institute's objective academic center
dr. Gupta is a contributing author to a
number of books on rants fiction and
philosophy including essays on iron
Rand's The Fountainhead essays on Iran's
Atlas Shrugged why businessmen need
philosophy the capitalists guide to the
ideas behind iron Rand's Atlas Shrugged
concepts and the rollin knowledge
reflections on Objectivist epistemology
and a companion to eine rant yes me
Mohammad is an Arab Canadian college
instructor activist podcaster and author
who has written a memoir entitled from
al-qaeda to atheism in it she describes
how even though she was born and raised
in North America she endured the same
traumas that are familiar to Muslims
across the planet as a child she was
beaten for not memorizing the Quran as a
teenager she was forced into a marriage
to a member of al Qaeda after he was
bailed out of prison by Osama bin Laden
and as an adult she wore niqab and lived
in a home slash prison with paper
covering all the walls
windows yes mean is a member of the
prestigious Center for inquiry speakers
bureau she's also on the board of
advisors for the brighter brains
Institute an organization that builds
secular schools as well she is a coast
on the popular secular jihadist podcast
Dave Rubin is a talk show host comedian
and TV personality the host of the
popular YouTube talk show the Rubin
report Dave regularly addresses big
ideas such as free speech political
correctness and religion among many
other high-profile guests on his show
dave has interviewed sam harris ayaan
Hirsi Ali and Larry elder the I Rand
Institute fosters a growing awareness
understanding and acceptance of an
Rand's philosophy objectivism in order
to create a culture whose guiding
principles are reason rational
self-interest individualism and
laissez-faire capitalism student
programs are a major focus of the
Institute and include annual essay
contests that award nearly a hundred
thousand in prizes student conferences
student clubs support seasonal
internships and campus events like this
one visit Iran dot org to learn more
conflicts over free speech are becoming
more and more common this year has seen
riots at UC Berkeley an attack on
speakers at Middlebury College
protesters blocking a talk at Claremont
McKenna College students taking over
Evergreen State College approach and
protest of professor Jordan Peterson
over his refusal to use gender-neutral
pronouns off campus we have seen violent
clashes at political gatherings and
protests by white supremacists over the
removal of Confederate statues what is
the cause of these incidents what can we
do to address them and to protect
freedom of speech and the free society
that depends on it our panel is going to
be discussing these questions for us
today and many more so without further
ado please join me in welcoming Onkar
got a yes mean Mohamed and Dave Reuben
[Applause]
all right thank you guys we are live
streaming on my channel right now so
first off can you make some noise for
the people that are watching this at
home with a porn tab open right next to
them can you make some noise I always I
always just assume people are watching
my show and if it ever gets boring they
just click over to pornhub I don't
that's just my thoughts on it all right
we are we are very excited to to be here
I was at Berkeley two days ago and I
survived that so if I survive Berkeley I
sense I can probably survive Dartmouth
you guys you guys look nice this is like
a good everyone smiling look at you all
very respectable and smiley you're all
well-dressed alright I think we're gonna
have fun here you know it's funny I I
flew in from from LA last night and I
flew to the Boston Logan Airport and I
was supposed to take one of these tiny
little Cessna like four-person planes
and I was not happy but I was gonna do
it Yasmine actually did do it she's
still in a state of shock as you can see
but my flight got delayed so I ended up
taking a car and I took an uber for it's
about a two-hour drive to get here and
right when we passed into New Hampshire
there's the sign live free or die and I
lived in LA where the California state
motto is pay taxes and be quiet
so I'm excited to be here live free or
die we were all talking about what a
great phrase that is what what a great
place this is and you guys are out of
grade school so all right we're gonna
talk about free speech we're going to
sort of share your guys stories a little
bit we're gonna do about an hour of that
and then we're gonna do about an hour of
Q&A with you guys I thought first just
for for people you've been on my show
we've been trying to get you on card but
your agent is very difficult to work so
for people that don't know each of you I
thought maybe we could just do a quick
little little bio each and yeah I'll let
you go first
okay well Jacob did a good job of giving
a bit of background so born and raised
in Canada but in a very conservative
fundamentalist Orthodox Islamic home so
kind of
in a bubble living in Canada but not
really you know in my own home life was
was very conservative and I went to
Islamic schools and and like Jacob
mentioned I war ended up getting pushed
into a marriage with a man who I
discovered was a member of al-qaeda and
when I was married to him I was wearing
the club which is the full black
everything gloves and socks and and had
a daughter with him and then eventually
got away and went to university and when
I was there I just took a course called
history of religions because it was
gonna be focusing on the three Abrahamic
monotheistic religions and I thought
well I'll have one-third of that content
down for sure so I just took it to be
like an easy course not knowing that it
was gonna completely change the
trajectory of my life when I took that
course is when I discovered that a lot
of what I had been told about the Quran
being completely different from all
other religions and it's so divine and
it's the literal word of God and there's
nothing like it on this planet I
discovered that actually it was just
plagiarized a lot of the stories come
from Judaism and Christianity and and
pagan stories before that and so it just
took away all the divinity and that led
me down my path to the heathen that I am
today the non-believer and and yeah so
then I started writing a memoir after
the famous Sam Harris and Ben Affleck
clash on the Bill Maher show I started
to write a memoir and then I had people
contacting me from all over the Islamic
world telling me how much they related
to my story and so then I kind of fell
into speaking out more mostly because
people in those countries cannot speak
out and so I felt compelled to
considering I'm in a free country that I
should
you know I should at least do that
that's that's why I'm here today yeah
well I'm glad you're here and it's nice
that you're not in the McCobb and I see
your beautiful hair
unkar so I'm a philosopher so I'm gonna
just give you my background sort of as
it relates to free speech and why I'm
very interested and passionate about the
issue and it I was a graduate student
during the Salman Rushdie affair when
there was a fatwa put on his head
and that and the West's response to that
fatwa was incredibly pathetic and it
really showcase for me that very few
people understand what free speech is
and are willing to defend it and that is
when I started getting really interested
in the issue of free speech because I
thought it's very precarious in the West
now and then 9/11 I was already working
at the Iran Institute and that and again
I mean obviously it was a momentous
event but the response to it and the
inability to even think that it might
have something to do with Islam and that
we're facing a movement that I would
term Islamic totalitarianism the
whitewashing of that and the inability
for people to speak on this that they
were shouted down and we were at the
Institute shouted that when it did a lot
of events and so on after 9/11 it that
further conquer ties for me that this is
the issue for the new millennia that if
free speech goes were finished and the
Danish cartoons which came a time in
five years after 9/11 and still people
can't face the issue and you've got
newspaper or editors and so in hiding in
fear for their lives and nobody in the
West no government really will stand up
and defend them and again the Institute
did a lot around that so this is an
ongoing issue and maybe we'll talk about
some of these events in more detail that
it's this is a right that the West
thought tremendous amount to secure the
right to freedom of speech and it's in
jeopardy it's in jeopardy
today and it's if that goes if you can't
speak you can't change the culture for
the better yeah and you know for the
record we've been talking about this
stuff over dinner and throughout the day
and we have some differences and we're
gonna get into our differences of
opinion and hopefully when when we do
the Q&A you guys a little challenge us
on on some of the differences that you
might have with us but but the free
speech on college campus since we're on
a college campus I thought that would be
the right way to start I I view this
basically as the single most important
issue of the day I mean I've been
bouncing around college campuses now for
the last year and the I think the number
one question that I get from you guys is
that you are afraid often to speak not
only within your peer group because you
don't want people to call you a bigot or
a racist because you may believe in
small government or low taxes or
something like that
but that with your own professors you're
afraid to challenge them because of what
the blowback might be to any of you just
quickly by show of hands or applause
Danny of you have that fear here I'm
wondering how much yes that's wow that's
about half of you right there so that's
that's kind of interesting to me that
that on college campuses I mean this is
the place this is the place where not
only are you supposed to learn history
you're supposed to learn how to think
and how to critically think and all that
but you're also is supposed to be
challenged and you're supposed to
challenge people too and I find it so
amazing consistently that so many
professors these days apparently seem to
be afraid to be challenged when that's
exactly what they should be trying to do
with you guys you are a teacher what do
you make of this phenomena I think it's
really sad it's like you said as as a
college instructor it's not teach it's
not telling students what to think it's
it's it's teaching them how to think you
know and there's this big controversy
about safe spaces these days and things
that you shouldn't talk about because
you're gonna trigger students and I
think that the entire university campus
is a place you know it shouldn't be a
safe space you know this is the place to
criticize and to argue
to question and that's the only way that
we can learn it's the only way we can
expand our minds I mean I grew up being
told that questioning something is the
devil whispering in my ear that if I
don't just do what I'm told and and
accept what I'm being taught then that's
evil right and so when I what's
happening these days is is really well
it's triggering to me so one of the
things we talked about this afternoon
was that you are shocked at someone that
has lived through what what
totalitarianism and what
authoritarianism actually does what you
lived through it and what clothes you
could wear and what thoughts you could
have in what in what people you could be
friends with etcetera etcetera
you're sort of I don't want to say
depressed but you you find the fact that
so many of these people on college
campus are so against so many of these
freedoms now you find it shocking is
that is that even the right adjective
yeah yeah it's it's yeah it is it's
depressing because I feel like what is
the end goal like what are you what are
you aiming for when you hear people
talking about shutting down speech and
burning books it's like what what are
you looking for you're looking for
Sharia law like what is where is this
going to lead but I don't think that
they think that far ahead they're just
you know I don't know I don't so it
seems to me that I try not to impugn
people's motives it's one of the things
I talk about on the show a lot I don't
want I don't believe that all the people
of the left are evil I think that the
ideology is bad leaders often are bad or
corrupt or have ideas that I think are
wrong but I don't think that the average
person or the average student that's on
a college campus that has those ideas is
evil what's the best way do you think to
counter some of those ideas or wake up
people who may not be evil but are just
mistaken
yeah I mean I think a lot of it is it's
a product of the education that you're
receiving and it's very one-sided and
particularly in the human
so all the sciences history economics
that deal with man if you look at the
history of the 20th century the it's
dominated by Marxist socialists and I
mean now what is the progressives that
was in the late 19th early 20th century
and it's one line of thought it does not
anywhere come close to all the views you
should be thinking about entertaining
discussing arguing about I mean part of
the reason I went into philosophy I was
already interested in Iran didn't
objectivism but the idea that that's all
I would read and that's all I would hear
I went to a university where it had a
lot of different viewpoints in
philosophy and I want to hear all the
theories all the viewpoints and there's
very little of that now that happens in
colleges and it's it's a crime against
you guys it's a crime against students
to do this distance I would never just
teach objectivism even though I think
it's right to students and no don't hear
about Plato don't you know about mark
I mean we read Marx in my classes I
don't think he's right about anything
basically but you have to know some of
the arguments and if you're gonna have a
view of your own you have to be over the
counter to the other arguments and if
you never hear them and if it's somehow
taboo and you're gonna shout them down
as they're racists or bigots just
because they disagree there's something
really has gone wrong with education and
it's that's what I think has to be
turned and it has to come in part from
the students damat like we want
something better than what we're getting
in the classroom yeah it's also
interesting to me how so many words have
flipped meaning I mean if I was to look
at you guys and I can see people that
are white and I can see people that are
brown and I can see girls and guys and
people of different ages and all that
and if we were to look at you only based
in those ideas that actually as I always
say this is prejudice that is prejudging
I don't expect because I look at you
that I know what any of your political
thoughts are or ideas are and yet we're
sold this idea of diversity constantly
as if this is how we should be looking
at each other that oh here we have black
people here they should think of
certainly Muslim people should think a
certain way white people should think a
certain way whatever it is this
actually it's the antithesis of the
American project it's completely the
reverse of Martin Luther King Junior's
most famous phrase about his children
being judged by the content of their
character not the color of their skin
and yet somehow this is like actually
caught fire with a certain set of people
yeah identity politics as is racism
basically it's the racism yeah it's
unfortunate and it's really insulting to
because people the ayaan Hirsi Ali when
she did her interview with you actually
was talking about how people look at her
and she's a black woman immigrant and
the progressives will look at her and
assume right away that she's a victim
and that she's being oppressed by this
horrible American society etc etc and of
course she is not she is an amazing
woman she's a survivor you know she's
she doesn't want those kinds of she
doesn't want anybody's pity mm-hmm
so she gets to define who she is other
people don't get to define it for her
but people are just looking at diversity
of identity versus diversity of opinion
or diversity of thought how do you think
victimhood got so sexy to people the
idea that victimhood is virtue or the
idea that because you were born a
certain color or a certain sexuality or
whatever that's outside of the
mainstream that somehow that gives you
extra Authority I mean I think that's a
philosophical viewpoint and it a lot of
it comes from religion that religion
plays up victimhood and if you just
think in Christianity think of Jesus in
the Sermon in the Mount
it's the meek and the poor and not on
the poor materially the poor in spirit I
mean we would have called it now now
losers that's who's gonna inherit the
earth
it's and that sets it up that the if you
don't have something if you don't have
intelligence if you don't have wealth if
you don't have a real soul you're poor
in spirit that's what gives you claims
to things all claims against whom the
people who've made something of their
spirit who the people who are strong in
various kinds of way intelligence and so
on and there's a real pact
Kachina the victimhood is you can think
of victims in two kinds of ways you're a
