[Music]
we've got more presidents week in
partnership with learn liberty foria
today that's five shows in five days
with five experts on five different
presidents of the United States joining
me today is a professor of political
philosophy at Clemson University the
executive director of the Clemson
Institute for the Study of capitalism
and the author of two books on John
Adams see bradlee Thompson welcome to
the Rubin report hi Dave it's great to
be here with you I've seen the studio
many many times and it's great to
finally be here well it's great to have
you here you know out of all of the
professors that I'm talking to you this
week you're the only one that I've met
before and we've worked together before
yeah we did an event at Clemson of
course with Jordan Peterson and on car
gate from Iran Institute and just very
briefly before we dive into John Adams I
just when I left that weekend and Jordan
I talked about it after I just thought
what you guys were doing there was
spectacular the amount of young people
talking about freedom I'm talking about
capitalism you took us to a little event
in the afternoon with some of your top
tier students and we sat around and just
talked about ideas and they had great
questions so just very briefly can you
just kind of tell me about what you're
doing there and then and then we'll talk
about yeah yeah absolutely so I think in
your interview with Jordan Peterson and
Ben Shapiro a couple of days ago you
mentioned an idea revolution and and I
think that's precisely what we're trying
to do at Clemson so in addition to being
a professor political philosophy I run
the Clemson Institute for the Study of
capitalism and the Institute is
America's first and only university
based teaching and research center
dedicated to exploring the moral
foundations of a free society and more
recently in the last three or four years
we've started a brand new program called
the Lyceum Scholars Program and what it
does is it offers a scholarship to
incoming freshmen and we use a great
books approach to studying the history
of Liberty capitalism the American
Founding and the principles of moral
character
and there's simply no program in the
United States like this it's it's the
students are required to take eight
classes together as a cohort one each
semester over their four years and we're
trying to create a new kind of
intellectual community one that is based
around big ideas great books and in a
genuine interest in the history and
development of the idea of freedom yeah
well it was just very obvious to me and
to Jordan that you guys were just doing
great work I mean just the questions we
were asked even I had a few hours in the
afternoon I was just wandering around
campus and kids were coming up to me and
asking me you know it's one thing they
wanted to say I take it something but
they really wanted to talk about
politics I was like this is this is
absolutely amazing so so good work well
thank you and we have to have you back
yeah we'd love to have you back with
Jordan and and and others and and and
you also work with Brandon Turner by the
way yes the former guest of the Reuben
board and also a great professor yeah
Brandon is a member of the Clemson
Institute and a good friend
great all right so let's talk John Adams
yeah so we're doing a lot of founders
this week not not all founders but the
three really James Madison Thomas
Jefferson and John Adams yeah I think I
actually know the least about John Adams
out of the three so this is going to be
a little bit of a learning experience
for me too you've written two books on
John Adams so first off the way I've
started all these is just a little bit
on the brief history just as a young
person what do we need to know well but
before I start with Adams as he as a boy
in a young man let me just begin with a
kind of controversial claim in my view
of the Adams is the most important the
most accomplished of all of America's
founding fathers I think this can be
demonstrated it's provable and hopefully
over the course of the next hour so
we'll find out so and I think Adams was
the revolutions greatest man of ideas
and I think he was the greatest man of
and we'll talk about that I talked about
that over the course of our time who was
John Adams born in 1735 in Braintree
Massachusetts he was the son of a farmer
and a shoemaker so he came from very
very modest means he was raised in a
Calvinist
Puritan culture he was home-schooled
essentially until he was 16 first just
in as his parents home and then as I
think starting maybe as an eight year
old boy he would go to a local literally
a home school right where someone would
take in four or five students and teach
them in their home
he went to Harvard when he was 16 and it
was at Harvard though that you really
see the flowering of a new person as a
result of a kind of intellectual
confrontation with the Enlightenment so
raised in as I said in this Calvinist
Puritan family and culture gets to
Harvard and he's introduced to the ideas
of the Enlightenment more particularly I
would say he's introduced to two books
that that change his life the first is
Newton's Principia Mathematica and the
second is John Locke's essay concerning
human understanding and from Newton he
learns that the universe is governed by
by universal absolute physical laws of
nature from Locke he learns that he
learns the possibility of what we might
call a the creation of a demonstrative
or secular science of ethics so he
combines these two ideas when when he
when he's at Harvard and he starts to
think seriously about developing a kind
of naturalistic moral philosophy right
after he graduates from Harvard he takes
a job as a as a schoolmaster in a
one-room schoolhouse
in Worcester Massachusetts and if you
think about it where is Worcester
Massachusetts in in 1757 it is literally
on the western frontier of civilization
certainly yeah British civilization and
so here here he is in a village of maybe
five hundred people in a one-room
schoolhouse for a couple of years
teaching eight-year-old boys and there
are great stories that he tells in his
diary about his experience during that
time and I have to say I mean it mirrors
my own my own life I taught for two
years at an all-boys boarding school
teaching teaching young boys and I can
tell you you have to learn to grow up
real fast trying to teach young boys
well much of anything yeah and so it was
during this time during this two or
three-year period that he's in Worcester
Massachusetts that that John Adams young
John Adams who's now say 21 years old is
really starting to think about who and
what he is and wants to be so he begins
a diary and in this diary he you know
first he confronts his Puritan
background and there are there are
tortured passages where he's really try
he's wrestling with the foundations of
Calvinist theology and and ultimately he
comes during these years he finally
comes to reject Calvinist theology so he
rejects the idea of total depravity
original sin unconditional elections and
and he really sort of embraces the idea
that that you can through primarily
through reason through introspection and
one's observation of the world that you
can develop a moral philosophy
I mean Adams was Adams was always
religious beginning to end but he really
did think it was possible to develop
what we might call the secular science
of ethics yeah that's really interesting
let's just pause there for a second
because I think that's one of the themes
that we talked about on this show a lot
right people of faith and not of faith
who are constantly trying to figure out
well where do morals come from and he
remained a religious person and also I
was I'm gonna read a specific quote to
you in a little bit
yeah about his feelings on that but then
also did acknowledge the separation of
church and state to which is sort of but
although maybe not as specifically as
perhaps Thomas Jefferson right James man
which is a really interesting little
piece yeah and and I mean through
studying John Adams and and particularly
studying him at this age so when he's in
his early 20s I mean you you you really
see it's a kind of pivotal point in
American history when we went when
Americans colonial Americans transition
out of particularly those in New England
when they transition out of their
adherence to this Calvinist theology to
becoming you know essentially a kind of
enlightenment nation and and and so he's
he's struggling with his religion he's
struggling with how to how to establish
this kind of demonstrative science of
ethics and what he does is he in this in
part he gets from Locke and Newton is
it's the study of human nature and how
do you study human nature well the first
thing you do is you introspect you turn
inward you look look inward on yourself
right and you you try to figure out who
and what you are and and what your
motives are when you act and and how it
is and why it is that you get angry in
certain situations and and and the
results the effects that certain kinds
of behaviors have on other people then
the second thing is you just look out
into the world right and you observe
other people and so for instance in his
diary he has passages where he just a
young man where he describes a fight a
conjugal fight between his parents and
it's it's clearly upsetting to him he
goes upstairs to his bedroom and he sits
down and then he writes out a long
passage describing
the passions that affected both of his
parents and how one can overcome those
passions and then the third vehicle by
which you can study human nature he says
is by studying history history is a kind
of laboratory for studying human nature
history is in a sense for Adams
philosophy by example and so he slowly
in the late seventeen fifty s develops
this sort of moral philosophy that is
that is that is focused on his own
individual development his the primary
virtue of the what we might call the
architectonic virtue is self-governance
right how do you govern yourself and and
he developed a series of virtues
connected with self-governance which is
it's very interesting that that he does
this at that age he was 21 when he
starts this and instead of saying part
because Benjamin Franklin when he was
the same age as Adams decides that he
wants to achieve moral perfection and
you can read about this in in Franklin's
autobiography which and if you think
about it I mean this is extraordinary
and Adams was concerned but the same
thing moral perfection how do I become
if not morally perfect the the most
virtuous kind of person that that I can
be or one can be Franklin develops a
sort of like a pre Jordan Peterson
thirteen step program for moral
perfection he establishes thirteen
virtues and he creates a chart right by
which one can can practice each week one
one virtue and you go it's a it's
literally a thirteen step program to
moral perfection and John Adams does
something very similar to that
and it's I mean people always ask ask me
the question how is it why is it that we
got this extraordinary generation of
revolutionary leaders right Adams
Washington Franklin Jefferson Madison
Hamilton that were often very separate I
mean Geographic absolutely they were all
separate right but it all in the end I
think I mean the explanation for how and
why we got this generation at one moment
in time is is the moral education that
they all undertook when they were very
young men and that was a big part of of
18th century American culture the focus
the really intense focus on one's more
own moral development yeah it's
interesting because we could use
probably a little more in that these
days but as you just referenced Jordan
Peterson I think that has a lot to do
with all the reasons that he's catching
fire yeah no he is so I wanted to read
this quote to you because I think it
gets right to what you're talking about
and and the play that John Adams had
with religion which is so interesting to
me this quote he said our Constitution
was made only for a moral and religious
people it is wholly inadequate to the
government of any other
that almost sounds a little reverse of
the way the rest of the founders might
have viewed religion and government do
you think that's a fair estimation um no
I think that probably would have been
shared by most of of the revolutionary
generation because it says a moral and
religious people now they were
separating church and state but I guess
morality was tied so into religion at
the time either way although he was
working on this way sort of to solve
that problem yeah I mean I I think the
view of the entire revolutionary
generation is that you can't have a you
can't have a free society made up of
moral reprobates right and so for the
founding generation there was there
there must be a connection between moral
virtue in a free society so in many ways
I mean they're of course best-known to
us
by what they created politically right
by by the Constitution and the
revolutionary state constitutions but in
in many ways I think their greatest
contribution which we have entirely
neglected in the in the late 20th and
now in the early 21st century is their
understanding of morality right now
we're all of them five-point Calvinists
no somewhere were all of them atheists
well even fewer were atheists even
Thomas Jefferson who probably came the
closest to to you know not being
religious believed him even Jefferson
himself believed that that most people
needed religion of some kind right in
and they had I mean we'll take Adams and
Jefferson they had I think a kind of
utilitarian view of religion so whether
each one I'm eeen how how devout each
was in their own personal life can be
disputed but what can't be disputed I
think is that they is that they did
think that that that religion could
serve a useful purpose and function in
society not everybody can be at John
Adams or at Thomas Jefferson
not everybody can be a philosopher and
so I think ultimately in the end what
they did was they attempted to reconcile
philosophy and religion yeah so this
seems to be a little bit of the macro
micro argument on religion and morality
so we've done this a couple times in
this very studio where I've had Dennis
Prager and Michael Shermer on where
Michael comes from the point of that you
can have be completely moral without
religion right Dennis says that at the
micro level you right there can be but
in at a societal level on the macro
level that it doesn't quite work it
sounds like there's a little bit of that
idea in there no I mean I think III
think that's right in terms of the
founding fathers though I think there's
there's really no question
that that that they thought that that
religion and philosophy would have to be
reconciled in in some kind of way that
were to put it differently that Athens
and Jerusalem right would have to be
reconciled reason and revelation now
whether the philosopher can actually
whether whether the philosopher actually
thinks that in fact is true is a
completely different question so can
there can there be both moral virtue and
freedom without religion well I think
absolutely there can be and but the
question is how do you convince three
hundred and fifty million rather of your
fellow citizens of that and and how how
do you get them to be to actually be
moral in their lives here now today
without without without that crutch now
I think there are ways and do you think
so is that right there is that sort of
the the linchpin of everything else that
John Adams believed do you think that's
sort of his most important post that he
staked in hindsight given the context of
the world in which we live today yeah I
think we have a lot to learn from Adams
and in fact it's really just only been
in the last couple of weeks that I've
decided that I'm a not certain yet but I
may be writing in what I would call a
moral biography of John Adams and the
purpose of which is to introduce to 21st
century Americans particularly the kind
of audience that Jordan Pederson is
appealing to introducing to them at the
very least introducing to them the moral
seriousness of this extraordinary
generation of Americans
there's a sense in which there's a sense
in which and I think particularly in the
context of the world in which we live
today
politics is becoming increasingly
irrelevant if not or secondary and if
there's going to be I mean you've talked
about an idea revolution and I think a
big part of that idea revolution has to
be a kind of moral revolution and you
know as Breitbart Andrew Breitbart
famously said you know cult politics is
down I'll go even further economics is
downstream from politics politics is
downstream from culture and culture is
downstream from ideas and ideas are
housed in the universities and if we if
there's going to be an idea revolution I
think it has to begin with morality and
we need a kind of in an age of nihilism
I do think we need a kind of moral
revolution and one way to get at it
would be to go back to our founding
fathers yeah well that's why I wanted to
do so many of the founders in this first
presidents week that we're doing and
obviously this particular topic fits
within the sort of larger thing that
we're doing here what else do we need to
know about his sense of morality I mean
what did he really believe those tenants
to be well I mean he formulated it in
different ways at different times but I
think one could probably sum up his
moral view with three pillars believe in
God be kind to other people and govern
yourself but Adams really only focused
on the third one right which is
interesting if you if you read his diary
his autobiography all of his political
writings and more and maybe even more
importantly if you read the advice that
that he gives to his own children like
for instance in letters to his son John
Quincy Adams
when John Quincy was a young boy 13 when
when he's sending John Quincy Adams
advice you know on how to become a young
man the focus the emphasis is almost
entirely on how to govern oneself and
how do you govern oneself or what it for
instance what are the books that one can
read well it's it's never the Bible it
is Aristotle Nicomachean ethics Cicero
cicero's de o'fee key Seneca and
epictetus so ancient Greek and Roman
yeah moral philosophers in other words
pre-christian pagan moralist and yet he
has this important religious piece
that's hatched to him in seemingly a
more intimate way I guess that's what
I'm finding it seems like he had it in a
more personal way than some of the other
founders did yeah well certainly more
than Jefferson that that that is I think
that is that is true and but probably
more so he had probably he certainly had
a little slightly more religion I mean
he almost Adams was almost a deist he
wasn't quite as as much of a deist this
Thomas Jefferson was but look there that
were there revolutionaries and founding
