[Music]
joining me today is the creator of the
Dilbert comic strip author of the new
book win big Li and a guy who seems to
make some pretty spot-on predictions
Scott Adams welcome back to the Reuben
report thanks for having me before we
begin I got to tell you I was looking at
these blurbs on the back of this book
how did you get these people William
Shakespeare
Mark Twain Alexander the Great Abe
Lincoln and even the Scott Adams guy I
mean how in the world did you pull this
off I stick with dead people because
they can't complain later it's like not
one of them has complained that I've Mis
quoted him you know Mark Twain he said
nothing about this quote so what I saw
this I thought immediately there must be
in a state for some of these people that
monitor these types of things do you
even have to think about that does the
editor or the publisher go Scott you
can't Wayne come on well luckily my job
is parody yeah and so so I know those
laws pretty well okay as long as it's
obvious parody you can do anything you
want yeah so we checked right before he
walked in we had you on the show
September 1st of 2016 about two months
before the election and when I had you
on you were one of the only people that
I thought basically was making sense of
what was going on with Trump at the time
you you didn't say you were a trump
supporter I think you actually said you
were not a trump supporter you had sort
of said the thing about you were you
know in a hostage situation with Hillary
but you know basically you were saying
here's what Trump is doing I I don't
necessarily support it I think you by
the election time you officially did
support him right
yeah the because of one issue basically
when when Clinton came out with the the
estate tax plan and I realized that I
personally would pay roughly 75 cents on
every dollar I would earn for the rest
of my life which would basically make me
retire yeah I wouldn't possibly work for
that so that that changed my mind yeah I
wasn't gonna jump into the estate tax
but I do find it one of the interesting
things I don't stand to make a windfall
from the estate tax but I find it one of
those things where it's like this money
has been taxed for someone's entire life
your money that you earn through all
your hard work has been taxed your whole
life hopefully you've made good
investments
whatever else you've done I met at the
end the government just says okay we're
gonna just basically take more than half
of it at that point after we've already
taken it the whole time the whole tax
thing there's no way to make it fair
because there's always somebody is gonna
complain but some things just feel less
fair and that feels more like
confiscation than tax yeah but I guess
it's easy to be one of those people that
just are like well I'm not involved in
this I don't stand to win anything of it
so why wouldn't I want to take the money
from other people right yeah yeah that's
the big problem with a democratic system
people can vote vote other people's
money into their pocket if there are
enough of a motive yeah all right so
it's a little over a year ago that we
had you on you're making some sense of
the techniques that are that you're
writing about in this book about
persuasion and what Trump is doing and
all that around that time just like two
months before his election did you
really think it was real I did really
believe that he was going to win those
weeks that we're talking about and most
of the time up to them the only time my
confidence was really shaken was at the
same time everybody else was you have to
the Access Hollywood was a gay
thing yeah dropped I don't think anybody
thought that day that he could get out
of that I haven't heard of one person
who said yeah that didn't bother me at
all but it was just amazing there was so
much news that that whole cycle and so
much more came after that that even
something that large didn't have the
impact it would have had because it got
lost and you know the the the enormity
of it all yeah what does that tell you
generally about truth right now now the
subtitle of your book is persuasion in a
world where facts don't matter facts and
truth have a little something to do with
each other what does that actually tell
you that something like that could
happen regardless of whether you think
it was just something he said or
locker-room talk or all that nonsense
but that things don't stick in a way
yeah they used to let me give some
context for people or new to me
yeah in addition to cartooning and
writing and stuff I'm a trained
hypnotist yeah and I've been studying
persuasion in all its forms for four
decades so I was looking through that
filter and one of the things that
hypnotist learned is that people are
irrational
pretty much all the time and they just
rationalize their decisions and believe
that it made sense all along and that's
the normal way of things until you get
in that mindset the whole world looks
confusing you can't understand why you
gave your good reasons and your facts
and your logic and and the person you're
talking to didn't change their mind
so my view on the election was that are
certainly by the time that the Access
Hollywood tape dropped probably almost
every mind was made up they didn't know
why but they had made up their minds for
emotionally rational whatever reasons so
it's tough to dislodge somebody you know
he would have had to murder somebody in
public to change minds at that point
that late stage because people are
really hardened in their opinions by
then yeah what does that tell you I mean
as we're taping this this will be up
next week so a little right before
Thanksgiving we're taping this on the
today's the eighth yesterday they sound
right okay that sounds you're good
you're a pro what does that tell you as
I'm watching all these people on Twitter
in the last day or so with this Thank
You Hillary hashtag and all this stuff
and this continued worship of her even
though by every estimation she probably
was the worst candidate in the history
of American politics pot that might be a
bit of an overblown statement but what
is it what does that day that they're
still on this they're still on this
thing that but Rumble but consider that
statement we consider it now a given
that she was one of the worst candidates
we've ever seen prior to the election
and really maybe up right up until
election day the general thought on both
sides was this is one of the strongest
candidates we've ever seen for
everything from funding to experience
too it was time for a for a woman people
were you know emotionally in every other
way the world was ready for that so it's
only after the fact that we've now
reinterpreted what we saw as well she
was the worst candidate ever and I don't
know if either one of those is true I
think we had two candidates who had some
real big pluses she had lots of pluses
and some real big flaws in both cases
yeah do you think that basically Trump
from before the election so during the
process until now
after a year of governing basically or
ten months or so of governing has
basically used this book I know he
didn't have it but you know what I mean
like has he is this really what he has
done from beat one that you saw before a
lot of people did so you have to
understand his entire life arc starts
with going to a church where his pastor
was norman vincent peale
the famous author who wrote the power of
positive thinking and so that's that's
the first place you probably learned
persuasion at least one corner of
persuasion because in his time norman
vincent peale was actually accused the
big a hypnotist he was that influential
so that optimism you see him using it
all the time to make us think into the
future when he talks about the GDP he
doesn't say well we got three percent
that's pretty good that's what a normal
president would say he says we've got
three percent but without the hurricanes
I think it would have been four we'll
probably got four percent I think we'll
do better than that
he's actually talking us into the future
and if you if you consider how an
economy works unless you have shortages
of stuff and we're really you know in a
great time because we don't have
shortages of anything it's psychology
that drives it so if people think we're
heading to four percent they're gonna
invest a little bit more this year to
get ready for that and that's what makes
it four percent he's actually taking
what he learned as a child and you know
that that persuasive thinking into the
future and driving the economy that way
and then if you look at his full full
range of he you know sort of cell
marketing branding nobody doubts any of
those skills at this point and then
negotiating he wrote literally you know
authored with a co-author a book on
negotiating so he's seen persuasion from
every every angle including design you
know he's the one who I believe came up
with or at least approved the the hats
and make America great again
and and I think people will look back at
this for four years and say that was the
best branding we've ever seen
yeah it's interesting to me because you
said the the positive way he speaks and
then you gave some examples but if you
listen to the just the general narrative
out there this is the most divisive
president
he says all these horrible things what
do you make of that portion of him the
the Twitter portion that's fighting with
people still all the time doing things
that in my opinion are below the office
of the presidency and I say that as
someone that that I really did the
reason I wasn't surprised when Trump won
was because I actually sat down with you
right before and I listened and I
started seeing this stuff so I wasn't
thoroughly I was on Rogan Joe Rogan the
day before the election or maybe it was
election day actually and I was like
yeah I think it's possible and did I
actually change your mind on that well I
don't know that you I don't know that
you fully changed my mind but you made
me aware of what was happening I think
basically before I sat down with you I
was sort of where I think a lot of
people still are which is they're just
grabbing for anything you know what I
mean like they're just they have nothing
that they're really basing any decisions
on they see the tweets they scream about
the tweets or they don't even have a
chance to scream about the tweets
because the media gets outraged before
they can even process it and and you
sort of framed it in a way that's
basically said to me there's something
sensible about this
yeah well I think most people have kind
of missed that one of the things that is
deeply important for a persuasion is
first you have to get people's attention
that's like you know phase one at this
point can can anybody argue that he's
the best we've ever seen at getting
attention all right let's think that one
even his biggest haters I'd say yeah
like the way he has dominated the media
and every conversation yes so step one
get attention and the way he does that
is he he operates in what I call a
narrow band of wrongness meaning that if
this is appropriate behavior he just
takes it up to this band you know with
the nicknames and the the provocative
things he says but he never goes up here
where you'd get impeached you'd be put
in the insane asylum and you start a
nuclear war if you look how long he's
been doing this and how how consistently
he stays in that narrow band of
wrongness which is persuasion perfection
because you can't look away and then
you're thinking about why he wants you
to think about now consider also that
he's also been meeting with a lot of
world leaders at this point he doesn't
do that in that context so it's clear
that he can modify his behavior to get
the effect he needs we didn't know that
for sure I'll say other people didn't
know that for sure
or you know when he was running it
looked a little crazy and maybe out of
control
but now we've seen the fine control he
puts on it you know on Twitter that
narrowband wrong this every time in real
life you can modulate everything being
equal as a smart guy and a bright guy
and an author and someone that cares
about words and all of those things
putting Trump aside for a moment would
you prefer that we just had a president
that was a little more within the common
standards of decency or seemed to really
appreciate you know I keep telling the
story that I was in DC a couple weeks
ago and I went to all the monuments I
was reading all the great things that
Jefferson wrote and George Washington
all I'm like it's very different than
when they look back and they put Trump's
tweets next to all of it well I have I
have mixed feelings for one a lot one of
the things that the people on the left
let's say the the anti-trump errs
whoever they are don't get is how
entertaining is to his base the people
who actually like what he's got to offer
find it amazingly entertaining and funny
so the things that people are saying oh
I can't believe he said that he's he's
an affront to all civilization that's
why it's funny it's funny because we
know he does it intentionally
we know the effect it'll have on a
certain group of people and that's sort
of the joke that it has that effect now
to answer your question we were never
offered somebody who had his his talents
and his specific policies that appealed
to a lot of people who voted for him
without the flaws you know nobody
offered the you know the Trump without
the tweets that make people angry and I
would argue that probably 80% of the
things that feel like they're over the
line actually are functional and the 20%
that made you know how do you mean
functional gets attention it puts a
nickname on somebody that actually takes
them completely out of the primaries we
saw that with low-energy jab and I think
the crooked Hillary thing was was quite
effective but there are other things
that are maybe just too far you know
little they don't have they're not so
far I guess impeach but they're you know
not useful but they also don't seem to
hurt him in the
we've seen something we may never see
again which is a complete disconnect
between approval ratings which are
terrible mm-hmm and people's image of
what the economy is doing for example
business confidence is great yeah I
don't think we'll ever see those
disconnect again and it's because of his
style does that also show you that
people just don't care about polls
anymore I mean I saw a poll on Sunday on
CNN and it said you know half Americans
don't trust Trump and I thought well
half Americans don't trust CNN I mean
that all of the know you know you mean
it's like you guys threw all these
numbers at us before you through all
this nonsense at us before and now
you're still throwing nonsense and I
don't try I really almost trust none of
it and I it makes it harder to siphon
some truth out and now the onus is on I
was just saying a poll that was saying
that something about what people think
the leaders think of the president and
I'm thinking how do we know what leaders
of other countries think of the
president what what good is that poll
right oh yeah we're a little why is that
even relevant in an odd way you know so
if they fear us certain countries we
want them to fear us so they probably
won't like the president whether it was
Trump or Obama or anyone else well I've
been saying from the beginning one of
the big things has scared people about a
president Trump was that how our other
leader is going to deal with this guy
you know is are they going to be
frightened will they make you know the
nucleus just in case no problem so far
it turns out that if you're the
President of the United States and you
have good table manners when you when
you talk to other leaders there's
there's nothing that they would rather
do than deal with you because it's in
their best interest and it works so I
listen to you on Sam Harris's podcast
and Sam obviously been here a bunch of
times I find him to be one of the
brightest and most thoughtful people
that I know you guys obviously differ
greatly on the on the Trump thing
probably more than anything else but
when you hear him make a couple of those
arguments
whichever one you can pick any one does
any of it get to you does any of it you
know the the moral Center just what the
what's really going on if things really
escalated with North Korea you can pick
one out of the bag well for those who
didn't hear my conversation with Sam
yeah I knew
Podcast i was not addressing the moral
ethical dimension because i figured
people are on their own for that in
other words my moral center is not much
different than everybody else's i have
exactly the same preferences if you
could do things without lying without
insulting people of course i prefer that
but nobody gave us that choice you know
we didn't get that candidate we had to
leave the choices that we had so I think
there was there's an illusion that Sam
and I disagreed on the ethical moral
stuff I simply take the position fair
yeah right because it really wasn't
addressed specifically you know was it
wasn't directly asked I don't think I
take the position that if if if a
terrorist was holding your child and the
only way I could save him is lying to
the terrorists I will lie to the
terrorists to save your child now if you
wouldn't I'm not sure that you can claim
a moral high-ground
there are some situations such as
beating Isis you know having a good
economy these are fantastically good
things for human beings if you had if
the only way you could get there is
bends bend some truths then I'm a little
bit more flexible about that but I don't
think my moral look on this is any
different than anybody else's yeah but
what about just the concerns that Sam
and others like the people that are the
real critics oh forget it forget we can
put Sam aside because I don't know if
people haven't listened to it it's not
important but when you hear people say
well Trump is so erratic and he's
dealing with an erratic leader in North
Korea and all of those things you you
basically think that that's all just
playing that that other higher bar this
way and that in reality we're still
doing well well we could talk about
North Korea separately cuz that's really
kind of it there's nothing like that
that's sort of its own situation and at
the moment I think he's handling that
right well let's talk about that yeah
what do you think about North Korea
so for however many decades we haven't
really had any progress because we they
promised things and then they don't do
them this is probably the first time
that little rocket man shall we call him
is literally worried that he'll be dead
in the next 30 days I don't think
they've ever had that thought before
and that's gotta help in the
negotiations now if you're thinking but
