hey I'm Ben Shapiro and welcome to a
very special edition of the Reuben
report one Jew replacing another joining
me today on his new set after thirty
four glorious days off the grid is the
host of the Reuben report Dave Rubin
welcome back and I'm sorry dude
Shapiro I feel like I'm in the twilight
zone right now
truly I really do I mean first time
you're hosting my show we're on a new
set here new chairs new carpet new table
new art do everything I have no idea
genuinely genuinely I have no idea
what's going on in the world since yeah
August first I know one thing that I
found out two days ago because my dad
could not control himself in an idiotic
phone call so I know one thing I suspect
it's a pretty big thing that that has
happened I know you have a list I have a
list of 20 things here 20 things you
missed during the last month because as
we all know one month of time in Trump
world is actually seven years of regular
time so but let's talk first about like
what it was like to actually be off the
grid for for 34 days so I do it like
once a week but you did it for 34
straight days which has got to be both
wonderful and also now you have to feel
like you just jump directly into a
cesspool of crap
well I haven't jumped in yet I think I
will assure you there is no cesspool of
crap right there
I mean first time I just I feel great I
genuinely mean that like as I think
because a minute with a little bit of
runway here and then you're gonna you
know take us off into the ditch but like
just in terms of like how I feel as a
human being right now my mind feels
clear I feel good I feel positive I feel
very grateful for the things that I have
oh this last month I mean really I don't
know that I heard the word Trump more
than three times truly like you know how
every conversation now that anyone has
anywhere and I'm not even just talking
about the world we live in but just
everywhere people talk about Trump all
the time talking about politics all the
time everyone thinks World War 3
starting tomorrow where the Russians are
just like this endless like rancor
monster of insanity
and I didn't have any of it for a month
I'm telling you that every interaction
that I had with the human being since
August 1st and
today's September 4th was good it was
decent weather I was talking to cashiers
or waitresses or the girl at the
hardware store who I've told you about
who every time at this local hardware
store I go to she always goes Oh Dave I
love you but I really love that ben
shapiro it turns out that the hardware
store is closing and i said to her the
other day i said well good luck and
whatever you're gonna do when she was
like don't worry about it i'm going to
grad school now and it was just like
talking to different people and i try to
do all that anyway and not be online all
the time and not focus on the hate and
all that monstrosity but i just i feel
freaking clear man I really do and I'm
psyched that we that we did all these
changes around here and beautiful yeah
thank you for coming in and doing this
you know the guy who read The Game of
Thrones books and then was waiting for
the rest of the world to catch up on the
red wedding this is gonna be the Reg
it's pretty wild but first I want to ask
you about like how hard was it to
actually you know shut yourself off to
actually put that phone in that safe
because yeah man I do it once a week but
you know the rest of the week I find
myself with the phones in my pocket I'm
checking Twitter almost as a reflex at
this point how hard was it to actually
put it down for a month
well first off I I want to give a little
credit to the Orthodox Jews out there
because perhaps this Shabbat thing has
well I guess it's not just the Orthodox
thing but has figured something out with
getting off technology well done God
because yeah so here's one for God right
because look I do I try to do the
weekends off in general but I struggle
with it sometimes and a lot of times if
I'm on the road you know I've been on
the road with Peterson for the last
couple months so like if I'm on the road
it's like yeah what else am I going to
be doing you know I can visit some
tourist stuff and have some dinners or
whatever but I'm feeling around it you
know I did this thing last month last
year last August and it was it was
basically you know the first couple days
you've owned it's your pocket all the
time like literally you feel your phone
there or you get those phantom
vibrations all of that stuff and you
feel like you need it or you know what I
noticed was weird like if you're just if
I was just waiting for somebody like
when's the last time you just like
waited on a corner yeah for somebody you
automatically look at your phone yeah
you don't just stand there even for 10
seconds you don't just stand there and
kind of like
around or people watch or just think or
look at the sky or anything you
literally just go to your phone that
moment so that sort of thing I noticed
that in the moments of quiet where I was
doing nothing if I was in-between things
but even if I was taking a I'm on
my phone usually I am and I suspect what
everyone's doing it but guess what I was
pooping phone free and then you have
moments to think I mean I know this all
sounds having by pooping phone free in
them but I'm sorry that we did this but
well it just look even this like
avoiding the news in general is also
work because what I realized is when
you're off this for a little while we
are slammed with this nonsense all the
time and when I say nonsense I don't
mean the important things that I think
you and I and a bunch of other people
are trying to talk about and trying to
deal with the difficult questions of the
day and I'm sure we're gonna get into
some of that but just the endless 24
hour news cycle of just drivel that
keeps everybody angry at each other and
and confused about truth and distracted
and clicking and all that even avoiding
CNN when you're not looking at
television and don't have a phone was
hard CNN is wherever a muted television
is period it's everywhere airports
it's at the gym it's at the local you're
gonna go to a burger joint it's playing
or a diner or whatever everywhere I went
to get my car tuned up its playing in
the lobby there and I had to literally
avoid watch you know because there
everything's breaking news and none of
its really breaking they're actually
breaking news but you know you I had to
actually avoid that so I was at the gym
and they have all these TVs up there and
I had to literally do cardio with my
head down because I didn't even want oh
boy that so we're just like slammed with
all of this stuff and I think when you
step away from it a little bit that I
know you're very excited to get me back
in but when you step away from a little
bit it does give you a little
perspective and I was also thinking
about things like I mean as I said every
interaction I had was positive like this
idea that we live in this country of
like endlessly racist evil people when
you're out there actually talking to
real people you know and again I do this
I tried to do as much of this as I can
normally but when were also in this
digital thing
it's like it's not like that people are
good people want the same thing yeah
like I so fundamentally believe that and
I I've always believed it but I really
really believe it now I used to think
that the hope for the country rested and
you know the 40% of the population that
was following this stuff closely and the
more I viewed the stuff now I'm starting
to think that the future of the country
rests with the 60% who really do not
follow this stuff closely well that's
the thing it's like well what do you do
then because part of me literally like a
week ago and I knew I was about to come
back I was like man like I ever come
back fine else to do I wanted to be in
the NBA like why I'm saying else you
know and not that you I mean you know
how much like you really know how much I
love this and like I think what we're
doing is so important and I think I'm a
better person now and all this stuff and
and after being on tour with Peterson
for months where for months I've been
performing in front of thousands of
people every night and it's this great
love fest of people who are getting
their lives together and disagree on
what the marginal political issues are
but like all of that greatness and it's
like I could see because of because of
all the evil that is out there and when
I say evil I mean just like the hate and
all the people that want to keep you
clicking and angry and distracted and
and fighting with everybody I could see
why a lot of good people that we really
need would just be like I'm out
altogether
I'm never gonna post again and I'm never
gonna read this you know and and that's
a real problem because then if we push
out all the good people now you have the
middle majority that's endlessly just
being slammed by one side dare I say
that's partly why I think this whole
intellectual dark web thing has has
taken root and has some meaning now it's
because I think for all of our
differences which we've discussed many
of them including abortion and death
penalty and a whole bunch of other
things it's like we're trying to
basically live in the same society
together and and not hate each other for
whatever those differences are and as I
said to you last time you were you were
sitting here it's like on something like
abortion where we disagree it's like you
know what hopefully for the next 50
years we'll do this and then maybe when
I'm a little older than you so I'm 92
and where are you gonna be in 50 years
I'll be 84 and you're 84 like maybe one
of us will have moved one of us one way
or another
you're looking at me going Ruben you're
not gonna move me but you know who knows
what happens over the course of time but
the only thing that will allow that and
we're looking you like I don't know if
me alive that's why I would recommend a
digital detailed you I feel better my
heart feels better my head feels better
I know this is a little corny but I I
genuinely do feel that way and I was
also just making me want to reinvest in
everything I'm doing that's why we have
a new set now and a new website and all
this it's like I really like I believe
in this thing and I want to sort of take
now these pieces that I just absorbed of
the world over the last month and now
apply them to all this stuff like you're
so calm and your talk about time Shapiro
and now I'm going to take a bunch of
torture okay here let's go to work my
friend mmm-hmm I mean this is the you
know you were promised a tsunami of news
and so it shall be so alright so I knew
of the story yeah
what was the last thing that you saw in
the news okay let's go over Lebanon so
the last thing that I know of was the
day that I got off the shut down
everything the last thing that I heard
was that the New York Times hired that
writer the the female Asian writer and
apparently she had tweeted a lot of anti
white rain so Jon yeah yeah so I know
nothing print for all I know she doesn't
have a job now she does have a job she
has a big job than ever she show on CNN
she has a job so she hasn't got to see
at right and there was blowback on
anyone who suggested that she was a
racist a lot of the left came out and
said that she couldn't be racist because
racism is actually discrimination plus
power yeah right so she she still has a
job yeah and that's totally okay let's
be very clear on this because I am
feeling clear minded yes right now
racism is hating someone because of
their race it has nothing to do with
power yeah that was my price you
couldn't be black and hate white people
in your racist you can be white and hate
Asian people in your racist and you can
be Asian and hate Latino people just
because of their skin color and you are
racist no not according to New York
Times is wrong right so that's the end
of that story
meanwhile Alex Jones got banned from
Facebook literally so she still has a
job there so so I saw a bunch of the
tweets the only one of the the one tweet
look I've joked you know before I sort
of woke up politically I used to joke
about Republicans be an old white man a
lot and whatever and it was just stupid
jokes
I don't regret them because it's just
part of what made me me sort of I think
they're stupid and they were
short-sighted and maybe not very
informed at that time but what one tweet
that I did see and I think this might
have been quite literally the last thing
I saw before I shut down was there was
something about she like hated she loves
making old white people cry yeah yeah
yeah and I thought that that kind of
strikes that kind of strikes me you know
so there was a big argument that took
place over Sarah Jean not just over her
actual comments but over whether she
should be fired based on Twitter mobbing
so there's a big sort of discussion that
happened about social media mobbing and
people piling on and whether people
ought to be fired and lose their jobs of
our old stuff that they've tweeted and
of course that followed in the wake of
the James Gunn's stuff which you were
still here for those Jim's gun from
guardians of the galaxy members brain so
that had just as I was getting off and I
mean exactly so James Gunn getting
Guardian the galaxy director he lost his
job because there were some old tweets
of his that were that were you know
making jokes about pedophilia and such
and so there was a lot of talk about
Twitter mobbing and then the Sarah's
young thing happened and that was a
Twitter mob and so there was a lot of
talk about whether not whether she
should have been hired which is a
separate conversation but whether people
should lose their jobs based on people
digging up crap you did ten years ago
and now coming after you so let me get
this straight so so she still has a job
justifies all that stuff Roseanne Barr
does not have a job right because of one
tweet which I actually do believe that
Roseanne didn't know that Valerie
Jarrett was black and Rose a crazy
person Roseanne is what she is right so
describe a crazy person right right well
depends which person you're talking to
but I just want to understand all this
if you're trying because when you step
away it does seem a little odd so
Roseanne sends this one tweet which she
apologized for said she didn't know that
she was back there's no reason to think
that Rosanna's a history of racism she's
always been fighting for left because
it's forever actually so she gets fired
from the number-one sitcom in the
country then this girl sorry one more
time John cuz I'm out of it a little bit
she she maintains her job she maintains
her job and gun his gun got fired yeah
gun got fired there was an attempt to
bring him back but that kind of failed
yeah turns out they're pictures of him
at some like joke pedophilia themed
party
with the women were overage but they're
dressed of schoolchildren and such so
Disney was not going to maintain his job
so I don't even know what to do with all
that but I think partly I guess and I
guess this is from stepping away for a
little bit it's just this sort of when
we apply the standard and certain that
that I think that's what's driving
people crazy probably mostly
conservatives and people on the right
yeah that seems to always weigh much
more heavily on you even learn one of
the facets of this the miss was so
Candace Owens then tweeted out
everything Sarah Jean had tweeted but
with reversing the races and Twitter
immediately suspended her before they
realized what she was doing
no sure they yeah that was good okay so
meanwhile Alex Jones gets banned from
Facebook and iTunes there's a
coordinated hit on Alex Jones between I
believe it was Facebook and YouTube and
iTunes to D monetize him and deny him
platforms Wow all in the same day
on the same day I think was within 48
hours so it's fun to break this stuff to
you and and Wow wait so just D
monetizing him no I think YouTube
actually took down his entire channel oh
wow Alex Jones is not on YouTube I
believe so I haven't checked recently
but yes that was the story and they all
did this on the same day within 48 hours
so it was it was obviously a coordinated
hit obviously coordinated it Wow and so
they took him down
they gave various reasons why but they
didn't give any sort of objective reason
why so it wasn't like some of them said
it was because he had threatened
violence in the past some of them said
that it was because he had said
unpalatable things in the past but there
was no clear standard and so there are a
lot of folks on the right saying listen
even if you don't like Alex Jones you
know people I said that I'm no Alex
Jones fan I mean threatened me
personally but but you got to at least
articulate a clear standard for how
you're gonna police the boundaries here
otherwise everybody ends up in the in
the throw them overboard category
because these boundaries are randomly
expanding so yeah Alex Jones got hit he
hasn't really paid any serious monetary
price because he has alternative
distribution channels right and he's and
he's insulated and but don't lose the
nice things you get a massive hit oh
yeah no I mean it's obviously took a
seriously although his listenership I'm
sure is up because people are tuning in
because so where do you stand on this
now because you know for the last two
years I've been saying relentlessly the
answer is not government intervention I
just don't think that the government
Leasing Facebook and YouTube writer and
all those things that that will help
anything I think it would muck things up
even worse it would give more power to
just middle management bureaucrats and
since the government's not very good at
anything I don't think would be very
good so President Trump is this is one
of the other stories president Trump has
sort of jumped into this and suggested
kill president he's still president
okay so congratulations CJ McIntyre you
didn't miss the big finale but he was
suggesting regulation some other
Republicans have sort of put it out
there I don't agree with regulation but
I do think that we're gonna have to come
up with either some market-based
solutions or we're going to have to you
know recognize and enforce Facebook and
Twitter to be treated as as not
platforms but as as actual publishers
which is the real controversy over over
Facebook is it a platformer is it a
publisher to like over a tail a wire
which I run if we print something that
is libelous we'll be sued yeah I mean
legally Lavis will be sued if Facebook
puts up an article by us that is
libelous then Facebook doesn't get sued
it's a platform if they're not policing
what can be put up and what cannot at
what point you start saying well you're
just like The Daily wire or the New York
Times or CNN and you start getting
police that way I think that Facebook
