[Music]
joining me today is a New York Times
bestselling author the guy who wrote
that mid-90s New York Knicks anthem a
man who has founded enterprises from
private jet companies - Zico coconut
water the co-owner of the NBA's Atlanta
Hawks and Oh a former rapper Jessie its
lair welcome to the Rubin report thanks
for having me
dude your bio is like complete doesn't
even seem like it could possibly be real
it's been a quite a journey yeah quite a
journey
alright there's so much I want to do
with you I said - you're right before we
started I mean I remember that 94 Knicks
team so well that was like right in my
formative years of basketball which I
loved I said to you right before we
started that that game six which as a
Knicks fan is probably one of the most
painful things you ever watched was the
night of my senior prom and of course
the night of the OJ Simpson car chase
you lived through that whole experience
I did I was at the knick game that night
I was at the knick game as a playoff
game I just written the theme song for
the Knicks and started was starting to
get momentum on the radio and in the
garden and I was so I mean my whole life
go up and Knick fan this was a big
moment and here we are game 6 at home
and all of a sudden the OJ chase I was
getting like a pretzel I went outside I
was everyone's looking at the monitor
and I looked up I'm like what in the
world is this oh wow so they were
showing you don't go out to the
concessions yeah yeah it was on the
monitors so you know I was conflicted
and people were running back and forth
there was wild yeah what a crazy night
because the the Rangers had just won the
Stanley Cup Finals I think and it was
just like a great time to be in New York
then OJ obviously people must have been
talking about my prom so I can only
imagine what was going on over there all
right so speaking of New York you're
from Rosalyn Long Island I'm from
Syosset Long Island we're about 10
minutes away from each other neighbors
on the Long Island Expressway I find
that a lot of interesting people come
out of Long Island have you found that
is it the water what's going on you know
it's crazy I was telling this
conversation in the day with
in mind and I was saying in my town if
you took the year that I graduated my
senior year and went back four years and
forward four years so in that eight year
gap or whatever it is from you know of
kids that went through my school we have
I think we have two with three
professional sports team owners we have
multiple billionaires I have five guys
that I went to high school is better in
jail we've had multiple suicides and
Bernie Madoff was from my town I look at
my town and think that everybody had the
same opportunity same teachers we had
one movie theater I mean it was a small
relatively small town one that one real
hot one high school that everyone went
to a real sense of community everyone
had the same basically you know journey
through with as far as teachers and
everything yeah we had this crazy swing
of the biggest Ponzi schemer and his
family and sons were in our school
you know guys that were super successful
people that had super successful parents
that went to jail I mean all in this
community it was like whoa what was in
the water yeah in this town what do you
make of that actually cuz there's got to
be something there I mean even my high
school I mean there I knew a couple
people that I went to high school with
that ended up in jail but we also had
Judd Apatow into my high school idina
menzel huge Broadway star Natalie
Portman yeah into my high school and and
all sorts of things I think that I would
feel very lucky that I grew up in the
town that I grew up in and the area that
we grew up in yeah that you know is it
was diverse there was a lot of
opportunity there was creativity it
wasn't far from the city so we had like
a little bit of a city vibe is that what
it is I think it has something to do
with the proximity because we were about
45 minutes away from New York City most
of our parents I'm guessing maybe your
parents who worked in New York City so
there was like a little bit of a
commuter thing but you weren't totally
part of New York like something related
to the neck I think that's part of it I
think for me I think it's just the time
period that I grew up you know as a kid
yeah and there was just a change in
music change in culture and we were just
exposed being close to the city we had
early exposure to all those trends
and we were early to the party and I
think that had a big impact at least it
did for me I know as an entrepreneur and
in my journey it was exciting
there was always excitement I want to be
part of everything yeah so you know I
got addicted to newness because there
was always something new going on and
that fueled me even going forward so I
feel very lucky that you know we grew up
where we did yeah anything else I should
know about your your formative years or
family before we get into some of the
things that you know well know if
there's nothing else specific you said
addicted to newness so I feel this is
the right time to play a little clip
from you as a rapper known as Jesse
James lovely
Wow oh man Jesse James that wasn't in
the in the email that you sent me about
the Shelf that you're gonna flashback we
have a pretty crack research team around
here we're going full flashback before
before we get to the future okay and the
president how did that happen
like I said grew up in Long Island in
the 80s you know when hip-hop was coming
was emerging I got really into it at an
early age and then when I was in college
you know I when everybody is writing
their resumes and sending out resumes I
was like I'm gonna try to make a record
yeah I'm like this is what I want to do
yeah and there was no B plan and
ultimately you know that passion really
for three years of college I was working
towards trying to get a record deal and
ultimately landed a deal with a company
called delicious final mountain Cali not
far from where we are and they had two
big acts of the time they had a guy
named Tony Loko yeah Wild Thing a very
old Medina and then they had it had a
little bit of a tone loke feel to it
that yeah some producers yeah and then
we had a young MC who want to grab me
for bust-a-move yeah so I was able to uh
Aksai I didn't know that but yeah
literally I was watching it this morning
and I said to David my producer that
it's not that's what it sounded like
yeah so same guys and same year a same
time yeah and put an album out in the
early 90s Wow
so I was watching and I was thinking man
time changes you know things change we
get sensitive to different things but I
would guarantee if a young guy like you
put that song out now talking about a
white woman and a white rapper we'd have
a certain amount of people screaming
about cultural appropriation and all
sorts other stuff was that anything
remotely something back then well you
know I think it was it wasn't my mind
but the shaker like a white girl was my
first single yeah was actually a remake
the title of an old EU song or no
song from watching a band in Washington
DC huh
that was predominate was all black so I
felt like I was just kind of taking the
momentum of this hit song yeah and
introducing it to the theme to you know
was fun I was in college I was I wrote
the whole album basically you know as a
fraternity in my fraternity house and
yeah it was pretty tongue-in-cheek
yeah it kind of makes you wish that
things were as simple now as they were
back then right cuz you are you
following me on this like I guess see
like some opportunity kid doing
something silly like that now and and
just like getting just like a ton of
 for it yeah I mean if it was
totally good-natured and all that it was
totally good-natured but I look back on
it now and I think you know if I were to
go back in time I probably would do a
lot of things differently just based on
what I know now and you know I'm turning
50 so I'm very aware of you know what
chapter I on in my life but when I look
back at me at 21 and what I knew then
and you know all the mistakes I made at
21 but you know it's part of the growth
and part of the journey yeah
alright so I want to get to some of the
growth in the journey I want to get a
book and all that stuff but wait let's
just jump back to the to the go New York
go New York go thing yeah how in the
world did that even appear that you were
gonna be the guy that wrote that thing
and were you shocked that it caught on I
mean the video which will will also link
through down below I like I remember
every moment of that so what happened
for me is right after college no resume
you know got rejected by a lot of record
labels I had no contacts my dad on the
plumbing supply house in Mineola also
not free I wasn't right there we had I
didn't know anyone that was connected to
anything so I had to take this whole
this whole process on my own shoulders
and I would literally take a Greyhound
bus on Friday from Washington DC where I
went to school with my demo tape which
was a recording of an instrumental that
I played on my CD player and I would hit
record on my answering machine and leave
a rap to the music while it was playing
that was out the only way I could man
unbelievable sound like a time warp I
know that's that was the only way I
could do it no I would show up and hand
out
that cassette to everybody and got
rejected but ultimately I did get a
record I get to get a record deal and
but that was my only goal so I took my
foot off the gas pedal once I got the
deal and I didn't get signed for a
second album which to me was crushing at
the time because the only thing on my
resume now was you know failed rapper
yeah you know it was also a kiddie pool
attendant before there so that wasn't
really gonna get me a job on watch me
that's like a low-level life their
training and walk no peeing that was if
you could say walk and stop stop peeing
you could get the job they're always
peeing on that there always be there's
nothing get him out of there but in any
event I wanted to stay even though I
didn't get picked up for a second album
I wanted to marry my two passions which
was sports and music and I had this idea
to write a theme song for the Knicks I
was like all of a sudden sports were
changing the game is only 48 minutes and
you're there you're a fan for 48 minutes
but for the other two hours that you're
in the arena during timeouts you're an
audience yeah and the teams had to
entertain the audience and now they
brought in the dancers the Knicks City
Dancers came in and they had video
boards that all of a sudden never
existed so let's do a theme song like
the Bears did a song in 86 oh yeah let's
do a theme song we'll get all the
celebrities involved and and maybe it'll
catch on so I wrote this demo basically
in my apartment which was like a dorm
room and I played it for the Knicks and
how'd you even get that meeting I
hearted doing jingles and somehow I did
a jingle for Nancy grünfeld
clothing company her husband Ernie was
the GM uh-huh and she loved the jingle
and I said well Nancy if you love this
let's let's do something for the next
let's try this
so she said I'll take a shot at it so I
just did it on spec I walked in and I
knew it there was something there yeah
and I played it for them and they said
you know we'll give you a $4,000 for the
song and I said okay I hired a write
down in there you said okay right then
and there
oh yeah no lawyer nothing doc I didn't
ask any questions up for
dollars whose 8 months of rent yeah so I
when I hired a lawyer ultimately any
lawyer studio engineer singer drummer
producer etc it cost me 48 hundred
dollars to do this song but every team
that came into Madison Square Garden
said why don't we have a theme so uh
this and the Knicks got hot and it
became the number one most requested
song that little jingle on New York
radio and I realize like that's the
white space nobody else is everyone's
trying to get on MTV and get their
records and Tower Records but no there's
a category a new category that I could
create sports music and I started doing
theme songs for professional sports
teams yeah it's so awesome like it's
just such a great story of just like a
kid basically a kid just like it oh no
just get out there and do something it's
kind of a kind of a beautiful thing you
must look at it back I can see sort of
in your face like there's like a
nostalgia to it cuz it was just like I
just what it was
I look at it from that chapter of my
life where I had 21 years old there were
no consequences like if I didn't get
this song I would have gone to the next
team and kept I was so deeply connected
to my dream they're emotionally
connected to the goal that I was on a
Greyhound bus every day try I mean I
would do anything so just to have the
opportunity that it was just everything
else was gravy yeah so is that really
where the entrepreneurial spirit started
with you because it seems like you got
that going and then that opened up a
whole slew of other doors that opened up
the floodgates for some big for some big
futures you know successes and failures
but I was thinking about this actually
yesterday on a run you know I used to
you'll probably remember I don't know if
you're into tennis yeah but the US Open
was right by you know you can take our
yeah flushing yes we would just take the
train you know my there were no rules my
parents also by 8 o'clock at night yeah
I would take the the train and I
remember I would never have a ticket and
all I could look I would look forward to
being able to try to sneak into the US
Open and I remember though that I've
kind of figured out how to sneak into
the US Open regularly so I would go no
ticket everyone's online and I would go
to like how I went in
and then I would walk out and see if I
could do it again someone else that was
really the start of like as I look back
like I just want I like challenges yeah
it doesn't there's not about anything
other than can I figure it out and and
it started for me at an early age and
ultimately it gravity you know I started
to gravitate towards business yeah so
let's let's get there so okay you're
making the jingles some things happen
you're obviously making money probably
some serious money for the first time
how does this get you to starting
incubators and starting these companies
so I'm so all the soap so every team
that came into Madison Square Garden
said why don't we have a song like this
who did this yeah and I was a guy so I
started writing all these team songs and
ultimately sold though that company to a
public company called SFX and the owner
of SFX had a timeshare in a private jet
and he invite was like 26 years old my
he invited my partner and I as guests
onto his private jet it was like the
scene in The Wizard of Oz when we walked
on the plane when everything goes from
black and white on the plane I'm like
people fly like this yeah and by the
time we land in my partner turned to me
is like we had to start a private jet
company so we can fly around on these
planes and I was like let's do it that's
hilarious and that's literally how we
started this company that ultimately be
caught I was called marquee jet yeah
that became the largest private jet card
company in the world so you eventually
sold the company it's called nest yet it
was called marquee jet I saw the two
warren buffett's burnett jets which is a
berkshire hathaway company yeah and then
so then now you're rolling in dough it
was it was a change definitely a
life-changing moment for me yeah but
again I love newness and I was at that
time in my life I just ran a hundred
mile run for charity and I gave myself
90 days to train for it and during the
process of my training I discovered
coconut water because I did a lot of
research around hydration and nutrition
if you're gonna run 24 you know 100
miles non-stop yeah would eat what do
you drink and how many calories do you
take in and
you're experimenting with that with that
now through your new diet without going
through but I discovered coconut water
and which ultimately you know I fueled
me for this race that I completed and
when I was done I was like man this is
the Fountain of Youth this is gonna be
the next big thing in beverage you know
it's like this is the next orange juice
mrs. Nick's pom wonderful and I spent a
year traveling the globe trying to
figure out how to import coconut water
or what yours is this is 2007 2007 so
like no honey because it's not that long
ago and yet coconut water is so massive
right now you'd think this would have to
be 25 years ago right but in 2007 I was
even on the chef there was one SKU on
the shelf yeah it wasn't didn't really
exist but I realized that the learning
curve I got like a 980 I'm SAT the
learning curve was 1200 okay alright we
were um old ones I should have called
you I couldn't figure it out man I'm
like I know I can market this but like I
don't know how I'm gonna import this as
so many moving pieces so I ended up
partnering with the company that was you
know on the scene called Zico just doing
a couple million dollars in sales yeah
and then ultimately two years later we
sold it to coke so then then you're
really in the business world like at
that point you've sold to companies and
and you're rolling how do you then go
alright
I like newness what's new after this
because that's what your story seems to
be it's just like another what's new
what's new what's new what's new I get
bored easily and I just you know I
believe in checking the box and like not
celebrating what happened happened
what's next and you know my whole thing
I always talked about this it's just
about building my own personal life
resume not even my business resume and
like I love adventure so I was just
looking for you know whatever that next
opportunity was and it became it was not
for me at in the timeline of my life the
next thing was a book but it wasn't
planned yeah I wasn't planned let's
let's talk about that book a little bit
before we get to this book yeah I was at
a at a race 24 hour race I love
endurance I participated a lot of
endurance events and the race was was a
really really format so I was with five
friends and each runs a mile and you
rotate and whatever
runs the most amount of miles in 24
hours wins the competition but at the
start of the race there was a guy
sitting next to us that no one really
with he had no teammates he was his own
team uh-huh
and he waited like 285 pounds just big
african-american guy just sitting in a
chair everything myself how in the world
is a guy that weighs 285 could have run
for 24 straight hours and the race was
on are you even allowed they let you run
a relay one guy he was like the only
solo you know by himself and it was just
like and I was just so big and
