joining me today is the original king of
interviewing a friend a mentor a living
legend and a man who loves a good
Brooklyn water bagel Larry King
welcome to the Reuben report know
whenever I hear legend I think one thing
old well every time we've sat down I oh
I feel that I have to say living legend
at the beginning because well are you
are one of the best compliments I ever
thought was Derek Jeter great Yankee now
owner of the Marlins came over to me at
the all-star game some years ago and
said you he said there are a lot of
phony legends you're a true legend
wow that's pretty good yeah that warms
my heart and that's coming from a legend
because that guy knocked out guys the
true baseball attitude did you ever
think that after all your years in radio
in cable news now doing the digital
thing that you'd be sitting in a garage
being interviewed like this going out to
hundreds of thousands and millions of
people let me tell you the truth
whooping this is the pinnacle of my
career if you'da told me 61 years ago
when I started sixty-one years from
today you'll be known around the world
you'll be called an icon a living legend
and at the height of your career you'll
be in a garage with David Rubin it's
come full circle it's killing me Larry
David but what is that what does that
say about just how everything has
changed I mean the only thing sure is
change the only thing constant is change
when I started in radio we had landlines
went through a phone line I did a
starting rear did local television one
year after I started already always did
both always regarded both equally
I always thought of television as radio
with pictures you could be on a radio
now yeah well we released this as an
audio I know but they don't have to see
it
we could imagine any radio stater of the
mind
but I always took that it as just
communicating so I started radio then
did local television
then the national radio and satellites I
was there when satellites were
introduced I never forgot it
I'm in Washington the guest is in LA and
it feels like he's right there
Yeah right there was amazing
settle and I said satellites that's the
end that completes and then Ted Turner
hired me for CNN and I'm seen around the
world we go up 23,000 miles to go next
door and to Moscow try to explain that
to Jefferson doing that and now after 20
songs 26 years at CNN 61 years in the
business I thought I could retire follow
Slim came along so we gotta do something
so the internet or a TV Hulu who knew
fulness yes and when you tell me about
the Internet what bugs me is where the
hell is it where is the Internet people
talk about the Internet and I even
though just have to accept it correct
I'm a product of all these things but
basically David yeah I am doing exactly
what I did sixty-one years ago what this
what we're doing right now is no
different yeah we're being delivered
differently but what we're doing is no
different
what does that say about this the
ability to sit across from somebody look
them in the eye and actually try to
understand the human experience because
I was saying you in the green room right
before there is a massive Renaissance
right now because of podcasts about
long-form conversation the thing that
you've been doing for 60-some idea
that's where it's happening in podcast
yeah it's not happening on television
not even on cable tow they used to call
you know MSNBC CNN and fox news channels
they're not news channels they have
Trump channels ones pro-trump
ones anti-trump ones sometimes hate from
and as pundits yeah it's 24 hours a day
a pundit
they do not cover the news when the
hurricane was hit in Carolina it was in
a box on the corner of the screen while
they were talking about Trump you saw
where the hurricane was that's not news
do you remember seeing a change on that
because you were at CNN do you remember
what year you started I started pushing
will 1985 and left in 2010 yeah do you
remember seeing something changing in
the way Chloe News reported and the way
I saw it when the other side started you
know we owned it for awhile CNN yeah and
then it was MSNBC and then Fox and we
thought they were little invaders Ted
Turner was a genius and off this pants
genius of the seat of the pants he was
driving in a car one day and the guy
said all news all the time he said why
could not work on toes then he puts it
up on the big bird look what he he is
the revolutionary leader of the second
half of the 20th century changes the
world and look what's come tada the
internet dire everywhere you know the
different side there's good and bad to
it if something happened in the world
right now David everyone knows it in a
minute in a minute yeah the world knows
it Wow what do we do with this stand
with technology is always ahead of the
human advance
so when technologies ahead it's how do
we grasp using this it's a great power
you did Steve Jobs when he started Apple
mm-hmm and I'm wondering if he were here
today if he would know what an impact
that's had in the world because I've had
experts tell me that your iPhone will
control your life
it basically is controlling our lives
right now this is now it's a perfect
Segway my friend can you bust out your
phone I do not have what I found because
I don't want to be I was addicted to
tobacco form age 17 to age 53 when I had
a heart attack I know what addiction is
I would wake up in the morning and grab
the cigarette before I put my glasses on
anything
I see people my wife friends with their
cell phones I have dinner with a friend
I'd ever talked to we sit at then and I
mean and he's yeah I think they get fun
cancer so I have old-school a flip phone
see this phone yeah it's a phone put it
to your ear you hear the other side I
don't text I hear people they call me I
call them normal you're the only person
that I actually call you do realize that
I don't call anybody I just take that
why are you why you is see this & purtz
me yeah you as a broadcaster as a
communicator yeah why do you text well I
can see an emergency I'm stuck I'll be
late yeah but come on sometimes speaking
people eat well look you know this is
what I love to do but sometimes just for
the sake of ease of just you know I'm
gonna be here then or I'll see you there
you know a lot of that I try not to have
long-form discussions about political
news or but yeah people are fighting
over personal things on there and all of
that but wait I want I want to back up
this thing you said before because so
when the satellites started and then you
suddenly were doing interviews with
people where you weren't in the same
room do you remember that affecting the
interviewee because I always like this I
don't know if nothing like other nothing
beats this yeah nothing however I always
try to treat it as this they just
weren't there so I try to make eye
contact via the satellite I try to treat
it as if they were there and what I got
used to handling well and enjoyed was
when I'd have five different guests in
five different places yeah and
controlling that yeah and then I did
diplomacy I had a night where we had
Arafat Rob Dean and king - the king of
Jordan yeah
now I bet his father okay
all three Kissinger told me you're doing
diplomacy yeah I had arafat king of
Jordan and the Prime Minister of Israel
together me a little Jewish kid from
Brooklyn sitting there by satellite but
I felt I was with them yeah I I didn't
treat it as them being there I treat it
as like this
yeah did you in in some of the bigger
interviews that you did over the years I
mean you've interviewed you've truly
interviewed everybody is there anyone
that you felt like you didn't you didn't
get to Castro I went down to Cuba in 19
in 2009 200 9 I was treated regally they
all wonderful to me but I couldn't nail
it I couldn't get him to do I was
fascinated by him because he led his
country longer than any leader in memory
hmm somebody had a local right even if
it was only one person and then when I
went to Havana I never saw a happier
country I was amazed the people smiling
musical hotels mobbed you know from the
Canadians and Germans and beautiful
weather a beautiful city water Havana
ought to be open to everybody it's
beautiful the waters are gorgeous it's a
great city however where were you when
you're interviewing Big Tymers the real
movers and shakers that the ravines and
Arafat's that you mentioned that
something that you asked them could
actually turn the course of history you
know I'm not a well I know a lot of it
did I know the Pearl Gore debate changed
after we Clinton called me up the next
day and said you pass and after yeah
that was way behind until the gold or
Pearl debate you try not to realize it
but once once the light goes on that's
just the moment on in noise high if I'm
sitting with Jimmy Carter or a ballet
dancer once the light goes on I'm in
that moment I don't think about
yesterday can't do anything about it
don't think about tomorrow
tomorrow so I'm in the now so bright in
this now you should be in this now so if
you've got Trump coming tomorrow and
you're thinking about that then you're
losing this moment I'm here I always
treat and I'm here I focused do you
think that your curiosity do you think
you sort of made that for yourself or
was it built into you because I've been
out with you to lunch or dinner
breakfast whatever it is and I can see
you're as curious about the waiter
busboy or sometimes when we were at aura
together and you'd be chatting with you
know the guy doing the lights or
whatever that you were actually as
interested in them as if they was that
and always have that David IgE I
remember as a kid getting on a bus kid
and asking the bus driver why do you
want to drive a bus I remember we go to
ball games hidden Brooklyn go to Dodger
games go with my friends we'd wait
outside for the players they wanted
autographs I never want them to
autograph wanted ask questions I would
run along with a player going to his car
why did why did you bunt why did you do
that I was always a wide person yeah I'm
the kind of person you don't want to sit
next to on an airplane I I'm in sand I
don't know where that came from
but it's the best gift I got was
securely out the gift of curiosity
Anthony Quinn told me that you have the
greatest gift ever curiosity my friend
I'd be calling a roll you can negotiate
anything says to me the secret of my
success is being stupid you doesn't mean
that demeaning basically what you're
doing is saying help me help me with
this why did you do that someone asked
me if you were interviewed Osama bin
Laden
Oh your first question had been well it
would not have been why did you bomb the
World Trade Center it would have been
you grew up in one of the richest
families in Saudi Arabia why'd you leave
now he probably hadn't thought of that
since he left yeah but it forces you to
think and then I'm gonna learn more
about him before I learn about the
bombing and also you have to understand
that nobody nobody thinks they're evil
Hitler did not comb his hair in the
morning and say I am a bad person they
may be crazy but they believe nobody
thinks for I'm really terrible and
everyone has an excuse for what they do
the bank robber that Bank boy my father
they charge his checking account to
screw them yeah and the public funny
enough admirers
the renegade Dillinger was very popular
in America very popular he robbed from
banks who likes banks right so how do
you then interview a bad dude someone
that's got you here you're curious about
a bad dude yeah I not - it's hard
sometimes racists especially yeah I had
a tough time doing the early George
Wallace the later George Wallace was
terrific the early George was not a
tough time because I don't understand
racism I've never understood it yeah I
don't have no understanding of why
someone with a different pigment that's
all it is should be treated differently
you think that comes from just growing
up in Brooklyn in arrogance when it was
such a mess can you just talk about that
a little bit like what that was like
rode up oh I grew up in a neighborhood
of mixed you know we Jews Protestants
Catholics that's it with some blocks not
a lot the blacks went to school with us
when I went down to Miami to break into
radio I was 23 and I got off the train
and the first thing I saw with two water
fountains colored white I drank out of
the college yeah I never seen anything
like that you wrote in Brooklyn that was
beyond me then I got on a bus to go over
Miami Beach to stay with my uncle and
the bus driver stops the bus and
we to move forward because the back is
for blacks and I said to him my father's
black I'll stay in the back so I know I
never understood it I've asked this a
racist I have never understood why a
white feels superior to a black Lenny
Bruce who was a great friend of mine
used to tell me that the human being has
to have something they hate that drives
him because they have an inferiority
complex
so they have to feel superior with
something and he told me four years ago
some day blacks will get equal rights
and we'll have to hate something I'll
tell you what will hate Eskimos
there's always another right in other
words you know you used to check in a
hotel and underneath the chair would be
a sign will move under penalty of law
you know who removes them Eskimos you
know any Eskimo war heroes yeah you
don't know name one I'm gonna Google
that an Eskimo doctor right they were
just trying to find some and racism
always befuddle i interviewed dean rusk
Secretary of State Kennedy years and he
was a very progressive southerner from
Georgia his daughter married a black man
he has he said I have no prejudice Dimas
they taught me a little about pressures
so did not the next Dean Rusk said to me
my daughter married a black man I have
black grandchildren I have no practice I
got on a commercial plane the pilot was
black
and for a minute I was nervous that
shows you how inbred it can be yeah can
he fly the plane but I've never it
boggles me when over the years when
you've talked to some of these people
you know a white supremacist or just
some of these people that come from that
truly racist place did you ever hear
them say anything was it almost like
therapy in a way that you felt if you
talked to them long enough maybe they
could get out of it
ever since why do you try you to try the
best you can now there's some books out
by former white supremacist yeah come
full circle of course they're raised a
lot to do with raising is the major
inferiority complex you got a deal with
that although someone says it's not a
complex they're inferior who were some
of the people that you interviewed that
that you think either it went the wrong
way or any regrets and never sitting
down with someone to go oh man I missed
that more I could tell you one it's the
one try remembers name now it's the guy
who succeeded Steve Jobs they want
immediate well Tim Cook now but it's not
a decision yeah Steve Jobs hired
him no what was his name
bright guy came from PepsiCo low I think
I'll have my guys google it well then he
ran he ran and I had him on for two
hours
yeah great guest now why was it wisely
out what was known why is he a question
this is partner okay well this guy will
play joined the corporation Steve left
out and came back later
okay well we'll grant it so I spend two
hours interviewing this guy who's great
all about it previous jobs and and then
I finish and now I go to calls I used to
do this on my old lady Oh show to our
interviewer Lauer calls in an open phone
America I go to close the first call
Larry Steve Jobs fired him he will place
Steve Jobs and then Steve Jobs fired him
you didn't even ask about that shoulda
known yeah it stopped when one gets by
you right and it haunts you look at out
those years ago is still haunting you
try to know everything you can't there's
no perfect interview you can't know
everything you do the best she can I had
a tough time with Ahmadinejad of Iran
because he would I remember he was
talking me on Scully I think it does it
John Sculley see we've got a crack team
oh yeah you got he's still around
motherly
when I interviewed Ahmadinejad and we're
talking about various things and we're
talking about the Holocaust and he says
to me that's why I always have to listen
when you're doing an interview he said
if there was a Holocaust
why isn't Israel in Poland that's where
the crime have hurt why is the State of
Israel 2,000 miles away there was no
crime in Palestine the crime was in
Poland to Germany why didn't they take
that area and give it to Israel right it
made some sense you could argue with
logically yeah I said to him did you say
if there was a Holocaust and we went
right yes right there
are you saying if you know where we got
contentious you did know it was those
are interesting but look I've had so
many years doing this Dave and I can't
explain how I still love it I love the
interplay yeah
you should love what you do yeah not you
know why you learn something every day
every day you learn so I can't be
closed-minded like I'm a liberal
politically certainly in social issues
but I'm not close-minded enough to think
that you can't have an opposing view I
like the argument I like the discussion
but in interviewing I never I leave my
ego at the door I try not to use the
word I it's irrelevant and I tried to
get in to walk any other you know Edward
Bennett Williams the great lawyer told
me once I said what is the role of the
criminal defense lawyer he said to get
one person on the jury to walk in your
clients shoes if you can get one person
to walking in clients Jews got a hung
jury all he has to do is say I would
have done that
yeah when you were doing five nights a
week and on any gear I used this example
a lot because people will say Oh Dave
you had this you know this bad person on
or this that the other thing I'll say
you know in Larry King's heyday let's go
1990 to CNN you'd have the cast of
friends on Monday you'd have a no Jay
Simpson lawyer on Tuesday you'd have you
know an animal guy on Wednesday you'd
have you know a doctor on on Thursday
and then you know former Secretary of
State on Friday was that crazy for you
know you just loved the bounce or
thought about curiosity most of the
times most of the times driving in I
didn't know I had on that night really I
still don't know Laura I Drive in I
don't know who's on unless it were
really someone famous yeah like we might
have the animal guy I didn't know it
well until I walked in to see all the
animals and because my curiosity comes
from pure curiosity so were your guys
handing you notes right no I get a blue
