[Music]
Monday was dr. Martin Luther King jr.
day and as is the case with almost
everything lately virtually everyone on
social media seemed to parse out MLK's
words for whatever narrative they're
currently pushing in our modern times I
saw articles on how MLK was the first
environmentalist how he was an ardent
feminist a communist a socialist and
much more the one quote I tweeted of his
is perhaps his most famous I have a
dream that my four little children will
one day live in a nation where they will
not be judged by the color of their skin
but by the content of their character
I believe this quote to be as relevant
now as it was in the early 1960s but for
a whole other set of reasons in the
1960s MLK was fighting for equality
under the law and equality of
opportunity two things that we should
all absolutely believe in today those
who judge people by the color of their
skin and not the content of their
character are fighting not for equality
but for special treatment of some at the
exclusion of others this misguided
principled thinking you should treat
someone differently because of their
skin color or thinking someone should
believe what you think they should
believe because of their skin color or
any other immutable characteristic is
the essence of prejudice which means to
prejudge this is the complete reverse of
what MLK stood for and sadly this way of
thinking has infected the modern left
almost completely this is why I like
myself so many of you find yourselves on
the outside of a political bubble that
you were once safely part of for this
direct message though I don't want to
focus on the flaws of identity politics
instead I want to focus on one of the
other topics I just mentioned socialism
and for the purposes of this message I
want to put aside whether MLK was a
capitalist or a communist or a socialist
or a hybrid of any of them what I want
to discuss is some of the reaction
around the word socialism itself the
amount of people I see talking about
socialism positively is actually
staggering a tweet I set out saying
socialism is
cool even got me into a little exchange
on Twitter with the official verified
Socialist Party who explained to me that
socialism has actually never been tried
which is why we don't know if it'll work
yet perhaps they should tell that to the
people of Venezuela right now who were
fighting for food and basic services as
they watch their socialist system
collapse on top of them the ideas of
socialism that the means of production
distribution and labor should be owned
controlled and regulated by the
community as a whole are the worst sort
of collectivist ideas which exist the
very implication that the group knows
what is good for the individual that we
exist to do things for the greater good
is totally antithetical to the purpose
of being human it's your job to find
value in your work to strive for more
than you have to bring good to yourself
and the people around you and to live as
a free person as you see fit the very
idea that you should set aside your
individuality for the community as a
whole which virtually always turns into
an intolerant hostile mob is exactly why
so many have died in socialist regimes
despite the obvious failures of
socialism socialists have no problem
using the freedoms of capitalism against
itself this is perhaps the most perverse
part of the socialist worldview much
like Islamism socialism wants to use our
freedoms against us until it attains
complete power for example they use the
tools of Twitter and Facebook companies
created through the ingenuity of
individuals and the freedom of
capitalism to attack the very system
that they often live in by the way I'm
all for them being able to do this even
if I don't like what they're doing
that's the tricky part of freedom it
even applies to people and ideas you
don't like just think for a moment if we
had a socialist government in charge
right now how do you think it would be
going for free expression and free
speech how tolerant would they be of all
the people that they label Nazis and
bigots whatever you may think of Donald
Trump and the evil capitalists are they
the ones coming for
anyone's speech right now reporters
being put in jail actually President
Obama used the Espionage Act to put a
record number of reporters in jail and
as far as I know Trump who dislikes the
press to put it mildly hasn't put anyone
in prison for the crime of journalism
fortunately I see a rising tide in
America based on liberty freedom and
individual choice note how those words
themselves are somehow thought of as
evil in the socialist lexicon liberty
freedom and individual choice must all
be sacrificed for the greater good but
what they're not telling you is that the
greater good is usually for the tiny
minority in the elite protected class
their ideas have never worked and will
never work because a system built on
stripping our humanity is in direct
conflict with what it means to be human
I've said it before and I'll say it
again this perfect system which they
wish to create can never be perfect
because we humans as flawed as we are
are part of it imperfect beings cannot
create a perfect system but what we can
create is a system that always does its
best to further the advancement of human
freedom for all its flaws this is what
capitalism is which is why if you're
watching this from a capitalist society
you should consider yourself one of the
lucky ones of course in America
politicians don't outright call
themselves socialists they say that
their Democratic socialists this is
Bernie Sanders mantra as he calls for a
revolution of every kind to be a
political social or even environmental
whatever that means what Bernie forgets
or intentionally obfuscates is that the
Democratic part of this of course will
always be tossed away as socialism takes
root it's also why there's no doubt in
my mind that eventually the social
justice movement will turn on Bernie
himself and I think there's already
plenty of evidence of that democracy is
the enemy of socialism and Bernie's
trying to have it both ways there's also
a reason that the social justice
movement has such a socialist strain
within it both of these movements based
on frowning on achievement and
accomplishment and a resentment of
those who break the mold need people to
be oppressed or at least believe that
they're oppressed to survive creativity
free thought and the pursuit of your own
happiness is the antidote to both social
justice and socialism it's either that
or a life of bitterness resentment and
jealousy which in my view is less
socialism and more just anti-social
[Music]
joining me today is the founder and
director of turning-point USA a student
organization for young conservatives
which advocates for free markets and
limited government charlie Kirk
welcome to the Rubin replied to be here
big fan that's great Young Conservatives
I thought there was no such thing that
was like the Yeti or the unicorn or
Falco or something there's more of us
than you might imagine it's not all
conservative summer libertarians some
are free thinkers independence people on
the center-right we just had that
amazing conference that you were nice
enough to come down and speak at in
Florida 2600 700 students from all 50
states and it was so funny I couldn't
pay the the media outlets to cover the
same you know that's calling up in New
York Times Washington Post here we had
you know thousands of students giving up
their winter break to come here from you
know you and me and the best speakers
you know that advocate for freedom and
none of the media outlets in the
traditional media outlets covered it but
it's amazing there is a there is a
revolution happening on these campuses
but it's not it's not against you know
conservatives all this it's it's it's a
new train of thought that we want
freedom we want smaller government but
it's also fighting the culture war which
is for free speech for diversity ideas
and really against what these college
campuses have created yes so you're in
the thick of a lot of the things
obviously that we talk about here so
first I just want to talk briefly about
how we met because I think it's kind of
it kind of shows sort of how you operate
and why turning-point has taken off so
we had met about a month and a half ago
at the Horowitz Freedom Center event in
Palm Springs were you were you a
panelist there yeah I was a panelist it
is kind of helicoptering around a lot of
friends that you know attend that
conference yeah so so you were there and
everyone was like oh you gotta meet
charlie
Charlie we met for two seconds you said
a couple nice things about me and you're
like you know we're doing this our gig
in Palm Springs and a couple weeks money
to come down and talk and and then and
immediately we worked it out and and
your guys send me the paper that work
the next day and it was done and I think
that does illustrate something because
we're going to get into some of the
issues that vary agree on and some of
the things we disagree on but basically
you were like look you're you're down
for free speech that's the main thing
here and I want my audience to hear you
talk about well I you're a rational
thinker which is really rare to find in
California I'm kidding but no I mean I'm
a big fan of the show and I watch a lot
of you interviews and I know you're you
know you have a huge following amongst
young people and I mean I might you know
met you I was like yeah let's get you on
board I'm oh I've always been a gut
player for better for worse it's got me
into a little bit of trouble at times
yeah but I think net it's been positive
you just have to you have to go with
your gut and make quick decisions and
similar that's where I met Candis Owens
- who is now doing a wonderful job with
us and yeah it took me about 45 seconds
until I offered her a job so literally I
think it happened right in front of me
and then you walked up to mr. Candis was
like I just got a job and you were like
let me do something with you it's like
all right look this guy's obviously open
to some different people it's totally in
the schema what's going on you need the
diversity of ideas right if you if
you're in a room where everyone thinks
exactly the same that would be a
university so you need the diversity
ideas and you need you need to be able
to challenge your viewpoint around a
broader theme of freedom that really is
okay to have that sort of discussion
yeah so to illustrate that point so then
about I think it was the week before
Christmas you guys do this I was it the
largest conservative college we're
waiting for we're waiting for someone to
correct us we've done some research we
have never found anything been closed
yeah
you have two thousand six hundred and
fifty students from all 50 states no
one's really found anything even
comparable of size so we call it the
largest until someone corrects us yeah
well there were you had some protesters
out there yeah they they show up all the
time to everything there but but there
was true diversity of thought there only
you it was also sort of a Rubin report
reunion for me because Prager was there
and Gutfeld was there all my best friend
Candace was
they're obviously and and a whole bunch
of Sherpa Tom jr. was there is just a
series of people I went up there and I
talked about being gay married and I
talked about being pro-choice and and a
bunch of other things that if you were
to poll the average conservative that
perhaps they're not for I think gay
marriage maybe it's a little a little
different at this point but I got a
standing ovation and everywhere that I
multiple times well yeah yeah budget
times and and everywhere that I went for
those two three days that I was there
and have been by no means was this just
me I mean Ben Shapiro came out it was
like it was like Elvis it was yeah I'm
gonna say it was like the Rolling Stones
seriously is nuts but that happened to
everybody I went for breakfast I need
coffee before I talk to people yet I'm
literally there's a line of 100 people
start popping up it's like they start
swarming yeah but that said something to
me beyond the politics that there's
something else going on with young
people right now where they actually as
the young people say they're they're
really woke yes what's happening here
well and it's that diversity idea is
that I think illustrates what makes our
organization so unique so a reporter
came up to me and he was totally
dishonest guys like well this this feels
like a Donald Trump rally and I said how
could you possibly say that sure we have
Trump jr.
we have Gorka we also Austin Peterson I
ran for president on in the Libertarian
Party all right we have Ruben who is not
a leftist anymore but he's somewhere out
there right he believes in freedom Yeah
right
we've been Shapiro who literally led the
nevertrump in it
right we have a huge diversity of ideas
and each speaker was respected was given
standing ovations was challenged
appropriately and I think that really
says something about this new
Conservatory in movement that we're
helping create yeah which is we don't
have to agree on 100% of conservative
dogma let's just get the big stuff right
the big stuff is America a great country
yes it's free enterprise a good thing
yes you know its freedom something that
we should really embrace as a general
idea yes is socialism bad yes that's
just pretty much the main key points and
the rest of the stuff we can argue and
disagree with respectfully yeah when did
you wake up to some of this stuff just
tell me a little bit about your growing
up and your situation I was
crazy crazy kid growing up grew up in
the northwest suburbs of Chicago always
was a conservative Republican growing up
around a lot of leftists and liberals in
my public high school and our you young
and conservative like I because I love
history and I was always contrarian
right so I'd always be challenging my
teachers my parents were generally
Republican right they weren't you know
necessarily political but they were
center-right O'Reilly Factor watching
you know Republicans that I always used
to say and then I would always just
challenge teachers that would say that
you know all conservatives want to do is
kill poor people and you know pollute
the environment the typical talking
points right and being the kind of you
know rebel I guess you could say I'd
always challenge the teachers and say
well no Ronald Reagan lifted more people
out of poverty than your crazy social
programs that Jimmy Carter drove nuts
and I found enjoyment in it and you know
the further down that rabbit hole you
get the more you read Milton Friedman
the more you understand the foundational
principles and ideas at a young age I
just became on fire for politics and for
economics and long story short I started
this organization when I was 18 instead
of going to college and ended up being a
wonderful decision and helped really
place myself in a movement that was
waiting to be grown and this is
something a lot bigger than just
politics this is the fight for the soul
of the country and it has to start on
college campuses and it's really the
struggle for our generation and it's
it's really if you divide it it's do we
want do we believe America is the
greatest country in the history of the
world and do we believe freedom is a
good thing or do we want to go a
completely different direction that
looks much more like a European
socialist democracy that does not honor
civil liberties that does not honor
private property and really deteriorates
everything that made America a great
place that that's the decision our
generation has to make it's kind of
funny you're sort of like the non
Silicon Valley version of like Bill
Gates or Steve Jobs didn't quite
flattering did you go to college or
dropped out of college and but now
you're talking to college people when
did you realize that that was the place
that that this battle had to be yeah and
the first couple years of starting
turning-point USA it started as kind of
a generic student organization but just
like any good innovator and entrepreneur
I listened and I learned and I realized
there was such frustration amongst
self-identified conservative
libertarians on campus that were not
being properly channeled and organized
they felt as if they were being targeted
and that they were being suppressed and
their ideas were not being allowed to be
heard and we made a decision that
turning-point the for a couple years is
let's not just fight the political war
let's double down and fight the culture
war and that we can be the champions of
free speech and we can be the
ambassadors of freedom we're really you
see these campuses I call them islands
at the Talat arianism you know their
idea of diversity is a group of people
that all look different but they think
the same yeah
that's not diversity and so Turning
Point is benefited tremendously over the
last couple years of really being the
champions of free speech and also saying
hey we're not Republicans we're not
conservatives we're not libertarians you
can call us all that stuff that's fine
we have members that are across that
whole spectrum as long as you believe in
freedom you believe America is a great
country welcome aboard
do you think the idea of having that
kind of wide tent is part of the appeal
like I think people are so sick of the
labels and all that was cool
I spend actually most of the weekend
hanging out with with Austin but part of
it also hanging out with Tommy and
Candice and a whole bunch of other
people and I was like there really is
and then and then you know Alison
Stuckey was there and a couple other
people and I was like wow these people
actually really do think different
things totally and and my libertarian
side usually goes to kind of where
Austin that but I was like we we're
we're all having dinner after that's a
great thing and I was like this is great
we're having real discussions yeah we're
really digging into it and there is that
disagreement but if you put them all in
a room they but they get the big stuff
right yeah right you know do we believe
that free enterprise has been a net
positive for humanity do we believe the
Constitution is a great political
document that should be preserved
protected and better understood do we
believe America has been a wonderful you
know net benefit for Humanity you know
over the last 200 years they probably
agree wholeheartedly and all that it's
the other stuff where they start to have
a little philosophical differences but
that disagreement is not being found on
the left right now if you disagree with
one core tenet of leftist dogma you're
ostracized you're kicked out and that
shows there they're not a diverse
political movement the new modern
