[Music]
obviously we've spent a pretty good
amount of time around here talking about
the assault on free speech on college
campuses as I've said before I believe
that this assault on free speech is one
of the biggest problems we face today as
we are breeding a generation of young
people who won't be equipped to use
logic and reason in their own arguments
when they graduate to the real world the
university's misguided use of safe
spaces and trigger warnings coupled with
violent protests and D platforming or
shouting down speakers is actually
robbing many of these students of
literally the most important thing that
they can learn in college the ability to
think for themselves instead of
graduating as fully equipped adults
ready to fight for what they believe in
because they know what they believe in
they are being coddled like children who
might crumble at the mere hearing of an
idea that challenges them this inability
to debate ideas is leaking out of the
universities and into society at large
celebrities spent all day on Twitter
ranting and raving about topics that
they don't understand at all
comedians some of whom I know personally
and really liked have become the
screeching lunatics that they're
supposed to be making fun of politicians
talk a lot but don't actually do a lot
and the rest of us are left here trying
to make some sense of what's going on a
great example of this is the title 9
Fiasco which took root on college
campuses over the past few years title 9
is part of the Education Act of 1972
which states that no person in the
United States shall on the basis of sex
be excluded from participation in be
denied the benefits of or be subjected
to discrimination under any education
program or activity receiving federal
financial assistance well that sounds
pretty good right what we should be
going for here is an even playing field
of equal opportunity title 9 doesn't
guarantee equal outcome which is where
hard work perseverance and sometimes
luck come into play but it does
guarantee that whether you are a man or
a woman you won't be discriminated on
because of your sex this straightforward
law of equal opportunity changed under
the Obama administration which in 2011
and 2014
issued new guidelines on how schools
should deal with cases of sexual assault
on campus while I believe that Obama's
intentions were good the law in effect
circumvented our system of due process
the Obama administration's policy used
the preponderance of evidence standard
in cases of sexual assault
not the beyond-a-reasonable-doubt
standard which reduces the burden of
proof on anyone accused of sexual
assault this was a subtle but powerful
change in how we litigate these cases of
sexual assault on campus and some would
argue an outright violation of the
accused constitutional rights that seem
to boss
Trump's education secretary recently
rescinded these obama mandates and
judging by the celebrity and comedian
critics out there Trump and DeVos were
not only anti-woman
but suddenly pro rape as well my friend
and former guest christina hoff sommers
wrote an excellent piece in the journal
of higher education explaining why
removing the obama guidelines was
actually a win for due process and the
constitution an article i shared with
some of the famous people I saw ranting
about Trump's pro rape policy of course
nobody responded will link to
Christina's article below so that you
can read that for yourself to unpack
title 9 I'll be talking to author and
professor Laura Kipnis today as we
discuss her own story of how title 9 has
affected her both personally and
professionally laura has been right in
the middle of the title 9 firestorm and
our friends at learn Liberty have sent
her our way this week knowing what
you're talking about is a lot harder
than just screaming about how you feel
about something but a good education
taught me that it's usually worth the
effort
[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty this week and joining me
is author of unwanted advances sexual
paranoia comes to campus as well as a
professor in the Department of radio
television and film at Northwestern
University
Laura Kipnis welcome to the Rubin report
thank you hi hi I have had a roughly if
I had to add it all up a gajillion
requests to have you on okay so I feel
like we're gonna clean up a lot of stuff
here related let's try yeah related to
title 9 I did my little direct message
my preamble sort of giving a vague
explanation of title 9 mm-hm you sort of
got in the mix on this thing when you
wrote a piece in The Chronicles of
Higher Education in 2015 which I want to
get to that and your whole story related
to all of that but first I thought could
you just give me a basic explanation of
what title 9 is and then how it changed
during the Obama administration okay I
should start out and say that it was
never my goal in life to become an
expert on title 9 but as you might have
said in the intro I was brought up on
title 9 complaints and at the time I had
no idea what this was you know I thought
it had something to do with women's
sports so the brief backstory is that in
2011 the Department of Education under
Obama expanded title 9 which had covered
gender equity in higher education
meaning like equal funding for sports
teams and that sort of thing and they
expanded it to include sexual misconduct
because the idea was that you can't have
gender equity if students particularly
women's students are you know fearful
for their safety or are being assaulted
you know or harassed or that kind of
thing so you know it's a it's it's a
good goal but they issued these things
called Dear Colleague letters that were
guidance to institutions of higher
learning that got federal funding and
threatened that if the schools didn't
comply with these very vague guidelines
that their federal funding could be
withdrawn and you know most schools get
you know tons of their funding from the
government in research grants and that
kind of thing so all campuses were
required
offices and officers and implement these
this guidance and it had to do creating
processes for sexual misconduct
complaints but also dictated things like
the standard of proof that would have to
be used in these adjudications and the
standard was what's called preponderance
of evidence and that's a hugely
controversial thing because it basically
means is 50/50 plus a feather and the
process also has been I mean as I
learned having gone through it behind
closed doors so none of this is out in
the open or transparent and so you have
more and more people getting caught up
in in these sort of kangaroo court
situations both undergrads mostly male
students who get accused of having
non-consensual sex usually in drunken
you know sexual encounters that somebody
later decides was not consensual but
also professors increasingly so what
happened was after I got brought up on
these complaints I wrote a second
article and I got brought up for writing
an essay about you know the kind of
increasing vulnerability of students and
it was called sexual paranoid comes to a
khadeem yeah I think I think maybe we
should pause there because you get me
all out there so let's just whittle away
some of that right so first of all I
think a certain amount of people would
would be listening to this and thinking
wait a minute how can a university lower
the expectation of what evidences to
prove someone guilty of something if
it's supposed to be you're innocent
until proven guilty how can how can an
university have a expectation that's
lower than that how does that even how
does that even make sense I mean what's
the actual rationale there
well the rationale is that they're
following this federal guidance but you
know what happened what the federal
guidance seems to be in conflict with
the Constitution well so one of the
things I learned is you don't actually
have constitutional rights at a private
university so there's how this stuff is
handled differs between public
institutions and private schools and
private schools can do what they want so
they're in a more contractual relation
with students and you know a lot of the
information on this is
only coming out because these cases are
going to civil court
so like students who've been accused and
think they've been railroaded are suing
the schools and that's how we learn
what's going on otherwise nobody would
know
so in effect these these edicts come
through from the administration it's on
you know now the the burden of evidence
is suddenly on the accused in a bizarre
way and it really never bubbled up until
some of the men in this case started
taking civil action because they were
either falsely accused or they felt that
they were falsely accused her wanted to
fight yeah or there are no standards of
evidence and so that was the kind of
thing I learned from going through the
process so I was accused of say creating
a hostile environment and I said to the
title 9 investigators what how do you
know I mean it's a or I was creating a
chilling effect on the student body and
I should we should explain that those so
your your 2015 article let's just
explain what that was and how it got you
a diet water before every ok jumping for
it I wrote an article called sexual
paranoia strikes a khadeem for the
Chronicle of Higher Education because
they asked me to write something about
campus sexual politics because I was
known I guess have been known as
something of maybe a contrarian feminist
and I'm written about social politics a
lot so I said ok and I kind of thought
nobody read the Chronicle of Higher
Education you know and so I've wrote in
a kind of ironic maybe um you know I had
some fun with it
and I do lean toward irony and so first
there was a protest march on campus by
students carrying mattresses and pillows
you know like a reference to the
Columbia student accusing me of
fostering or supporting rape culture I
guess and then I was found out I was
brought up on these title 9 components
but so I never found out precisely what
I was charged with because there isn't
such a thing as due process in these
situations right so to be clear you
write this piece and as you're saying it
was kind of tongue-in-cheek but with the
expertise that you have be serious but
with an ironic tone I would say yeah
yeah so you write this piece and then
your bra
on these charges but what does you
writing this piece have to do with
anything how does that yeah become
within the jurisdiction of title 9 well
it should not have been and so it is a
question mark why the university allowed
the case to go forward because there is
some sort of provision in the New York
Holly letter that says nothing here
should be construed to impinge on
freedom of speech or academic freedom
but nevertheless I mean what does happen
what's happened is what you would call
mission creep in these situations where
the code has been stretched to include
such things as writing an essay and as I
later found out I mean all sorts of kind
of micro behaviors that somebody might
take offense at so in my case I had
written a couple of paragraphs about a
another professor on the campus so I
didn't know but it was public
information that he'd been accused of
sexual misconduct so I made reference to
that case so I was accused of
retaliating which is a big thing in
title 9 you cannot mostly people cannot
speak about the charges against them
because if they speak about them they
might be brought up on more complaints
for retaliating so I was charged with
retaliation even though I wasn't the
person who'd been involved in the sexual
misconduct do it right and to be clear
so the person that was accused of this
who was a colleague of yours although
you didn't know did not know him he was
accused of of having relations with a
student but consensual if I'm not
mistaken there were two there were two
sets of complaints and one was that he'd
gone out drinking with a student one
night and they ended up sleeping in this
same bed but they didn't have sex there
was no indication that they had sex but
he was accused of possibly having come
onto her he bought her drinks and then
there was a second situation which I
actually did not write about where he'd
had a relationship with a student so I
wrote about seven or eight words about
that second relationship and that was I
think the basis of the complaints that
I'd made reference to this situation
that that in effect they felt you were
defending him
correct I suppose so you know I can't
say what anybody
thought or felt really right I guess I
guess I can but I think I think we can
surmise that that's what they thought
yeah that you really but your feelings
on on that specific matter outside of
title nine really is that these are if
they're consenting adults whether he's a
professor and she's a student that
you're okay with that basically right um
I in the first essay I was somewhat
mocking these new regulations that
govern professor student dating the
prohibited at particularly in the case
of undergrads it was sort of okay if
you're a grad student
but frowned on and when I was one of the
things I was saying was that you know
you can look around any campus on the
country who can barely throw a stone
without hitting a couple a married
couple often with children that started
out as a professor student situation and
it's widely known in academia that you
know some percentage of your colleagues
are married to former students so it
seemed a bit hypocritical to suddenly
enact these codes that would regard
those situations as like close to some
sort of credit predators I you know I
felt that the professorial was almost
being regarded as as predators and
wigging and that you know dating was was
was ruled out and you know I don't want
to sound like some old geezer and but
when I went to school back in the good
old days
you know I we did all sorts of stuff we
partied and drank with professors it was
no big deal
people were sleeping with professor's
all over the place so the this new
climate of regulation was something I
wanted to write about from a somewhat
skeptical vantage point so so when your
mind it really was about the regulation
that they were putting on not you
weren't specifically defending or not
defending the actions of this guy which
i think is sort of where it got turned a
little bit yes yeah so I think that's
interesting I mean I the version of
feminism that I would subscribe to would
see these this climate of regulation is
not in the spirit of feminism and I
think I've used the term feminist
paternalism but I will say what happened
was that or maybe we'll get to this I
mean I ended up learning more about the
situation with this professor and right
more about it in this book so there's a
couple of chapters about these two cases
against the professor where I'd do a
close reading of the title nine reports
which I ended up having access to and so
that was very informative all right so
we will get to that for sure I think
that'll that'll sort of bring this all
together okay
but okay so now you're brought up on
these charges mm-hmm what was that like
for you I mean literally you you're
you're a professor and an author and
wrote an article yeah yeah you're using
words and now you're brought up on
charges from the government yeah well
for my institution and but you know it's
right from yours yeah I mean I was very
much in the dark you know I knew nothing
about title nine and they send you like
a letter with all these links to various
and you know informational websites and
every website has more links and more
links and you know it's like a rabbit
hole of hyperlinks that you learn
nothing from like I did not learn how I
could be charged with retaliation for
writing about someone else's situation
so it's very mystifying the the
procedures and what I've learned in
these cases when you're accused of
something for the most part you don't
find out what you're accused of you
don't know what the evidence is you
often don't know who the accusers are in
my case so I the the University hired a
team of outside investigators lawyers
from another city who flew in to conduct
an investigation they would not give me
the charges in writing we I did finally
learn who the accusers were we had a
Skype session prior to me meeting with
them but so some of the procedures are
very baffling like why won't they give
you the complaints in writing how could
that possibly be legal I mean I get the
sort of kangaroo court portion of this
and how this is all done outside of our
legal system makes to me it makes no
sense whatsoever yeah but when you're
talking to these people and then there's
lawyers coming in from out of state most
what are they talking to you about if
they are not telling you what you're
charged they ask a lot of fishing
expeditions sort of questions and as I
later talk to more people who've been
through these procedures that's the mo
is the fishing expedition question and
then things that you say particularly if
you're a male professor charged with
kind of potential misconduct anything
you say can lead to another avenue of
Investigation and so people enter these
situations they don't know what their
rights are you know so like when the
investigators said to me that I could
not record the session you don't know
where these edicts are coming from you
just know somebody who seems to be an
authority is is telling you what you can
and can't do as I say you don't know
what your rights are and you don't know
what the consequences will be if you
don't go along with it and it is the
when this is happening is the entire
administration just falling into line I
mean is there anyone at the
administration that was like you know
Laura something seems wrong here or you
need a lawyer or we should have someone
defending you or sitting with you or
you're not selling you or anything yeah
no you're not alone I think every school
makes their own procedures up in my case
you are not allowed to have a lawyer in
the session with you when I met with the
investigators I could not have a lawyer
there I did consult with a lawyer on the
phone before this but I didn't want to
spend a lot of money on this you know
how it's a bit of a cheapskate but you
know I'm if you had all the money in the
world it would still be absurd
professors are spending tens of
thousands of dollars when you know
accused of something like having
improper eye contact I mean some of the
charges are so out there but I've talked
to people who have I mean just spent
vast amounts of money consulting with
lawyers but because of course now
there's a huge industry legal industry
