all right people we are live on the
YouTube and the Facebook and I am with a
best-selling author a radio host and a
man who once beat me senseless in front
of millions of people larry elder
welcome back to the reuben report round
two well this will be around three how
are you this is so we're at Taraki
through c but if it was rocky no no it's
like Muhammad Ali and Frazier right Ali
lost the first one Frazier I leave lost
the first one one the second one and
then they had to had the big third one
thrilla in manilla this is thriller in
Manila since thriller I wish this was
more like Rocky because in the original
Rocky they it was to a standstill Rocky
one right nobody wins
rocky two rocky finally wins and then
three well at that point you're I think
Ruben the only question is which one of
us is ollie which one was Frazier all
right so you just sat down here but
we've already talked about comic books
about basketball
only black panther yeah about racism
about Trump I think we covered
everything by look all right well let's
do a little bit of in for the people so
I first I just want to jump back to that
original moment because I said it to you
last time you were here which was about
a year ago and when that that moment
where you really beat me senseless about
systemic racism that was about two years
ago already if not more at this point
and so many people I was just in London
two days ago and I did a Q&A and people
were asking me about it I mean that
thing really has there are many versions
of it on YouTube it's just caught fire
and as I said to you last time it was
sort of I view it as my best moment as
and my worst it was my worst because I
came to an intellectual fight without
the proper equipment and it was my best
because we left it in and let it be and
it was a learning moment for me and then
for everyone else well you had a lot of
class for leaving it and a lot of people
would have would have taken it out and
no one would have known it happened and
secondly the older one gets the more
difficult it is for one to kind of
change one's beliefs and for you to do
it at your age to rethink your
assumptions I takes a lot of a lot of
guts a lot of people don't want to do
that and I'd be a pretty depressing
thing don't you think well I agree with
you most people don't want to do it I
think we've fostered here's something
that is allowing people to do it
but most people don't want to do that
you know and it's funny we're in an
atmosphere where just a moment ago I'm
driving in listening to a talk radio and
they could CNN or MSNBC and they're
going on and on about how Trump has now
made lying the currency of the day and
and no one tells the truth any more
facts don't matter and they're talking
about the kinds of lying that Trump does
where he talks about the crowd size and
how much money he has and stuff like
that
the lies of the left are huge lies and
they damage the country the lie that
racism remains a major problem in
America it's a lie the lie that women
make 77 cents on the dollar for doing
the same thing that men do it it's a lie
the lie that rich get rich the poor get
poorer these are lies and these are big
lies that drive the left and drive votes
these are the kinds of things that
matter so when you sit across from a guy
like me and the first time we did it
when I really still felt I was part of
the left I was trying to reform the left
realistically I'm not part of the left
anymore it you know and again the
left/right thing is we talk about all
the time doesn't even have that much
meaning anymore it's really about
authoritarians libertarians and all that
but for all the years that you've been
doing this staking out conservative
positions for how many years publicly a
25 25 years was there a more sensible
left at the time was there a guy you
could sit across from that you disagreed
with intellectually but felt that it was
it was forthright it was honest you just
disagreed with the methodology and the
result sure there were lots of people
that I felt that way with and William F
Buckley had a very good friend John
killin Kenneth Galbraith who was a
left-wing economist they disagreed about
everything there were good friends
believe it or not Antonin Scalia's best
friend on the Supreme Court's Ruth Bader
Ginsburg what it requires is somebody to
recognize that if I have a position
that's different from yours it doesn't
mean that I'm a bad guy it doesn't mean
that I'm evil it means if I see the
world differently it takes a certain
kind of maturity to do that
unfortunately the gun to the place now
where if you don't believe that racism
is a major problem in America if you're
a black you're a sellout if you're white
you're a racist if you say something
negative about the Black Panther which I
just did I got hammered some some guy
told me that well it's because it's a
black person and a black director and a
black hero and therefore you don't like
it
I mean the star is guy named Chadwick
Boseman and I was fortunate enough to be
invited to see the premiere of 42 he was
brilliant
I saw the movie three or four times
I like him so much I saw him in a movie
about Thurgood Marshall which was a very
good movie probably not commercially
successful but it was a very good movie
and I saw him play in the movie with uh
we played James Brown he was very good
the movie wasn't that good but he was
good yeah so he's an intriguing actor
again I don't go to see a movie to not
be happy to waste my time yeah and
you're a comic book guy I mean I said
about comic books is cuz I've got a
whole bunch in the green room here and
you were immediately going on about all
this stuff you love so it's not like
you're walking into that thing to hate
it right and so the criticism is just
bizarre I mean what do you think I am
what do you think I do I get up in the
morning hate myself
gouge my eyeballs out try to claw my
skin color off me that's just and and
and and Dave I feel sorry for people
like that people have often asked me
does it make you mad it doesn't I feel
sorry for you if you are so trained so
indoctrinated to be let's rabbit against
somebody who just has a different point
of view there's a problem with you not
with me you know well on that note I owe
you a public thanks not just because you
beat me senseless and help me get here
but also because everyone knows about
the interview I did with Thomas Sol and
we had been working on for about three
years you sent him a note I don't know
if that was what pushed him over the
edge but I think it was one of the
really one of the big things that I've
been able to do here to bring some of
those ideas back and that's what you've
been doing for a long time he's like
he's like JD Salinger it's hard it's
hard it's hard it's hard to get him we
have to get him out once you get him
he's amazing yeah and I met him because
I was on c-span at the time I had a four
hour live radio show and c-span
broadcasted the entire show and I get a
letter from Thomas Saul it was like
getting a letter from Elvis and it said
my wife and I watch your entire show you
were great you you you laid out all the
arguments very well done and I wrote him
back and we got together several times
since then we become very good friends
yeah so I sense a massive shift
happening in politics right now and
clearly the center of it right at the
moment is with the black community I
don't even like using phrases like that
because I don't like that collective
thing but sometimes you gotta you got to
talk about things in a way that allow
most people to understand them so you
know what is it about two-and-a-half
weeks ago or so Kanye West seven words I
love the way Candace Owens thinks Wow
yeah now do you think that it is as big
a seismic shift
yeah I think it is a game-changer yeah
in the sense that Kanye West has 28
million Twitter followers I don't know
how many Instagram I know how many
Facebook would you add them all together
it's a boatload of people yeah he has
more influence on the way black people
think then Clarence Thomas Thomas Sol
Walter Williams Larry older put together
unfortunately and for him to to say that
and to begin the process of making it
okay for black people to rethink their
assumption they can okay to say I'm not
a Democrat that's a huge thing
ninety-five percent of black voters
voted for Obama Trump did a little bit
better but not a whole lot better if the
Democrats lose 10 15 20 percent of that
black vote
they are toast at the national level
which is why people like me have to be
vilified people like Candace Owens are
now direct threats to the domination of
the Democratic Party people like Kanye
West they've got to be put down they've
got to be demeaned you can't just say
he's got a different point of view
you've got to say something that's
fundamentally fundamentally wrong with
them otherwise how would you get 95% of
people to vote and see the world one way
we have to show them prove to them
convince them that they these guys are
against you that that you're a victory
at and these are victimizers and that's
what the left has done so successfully
and so when you saw the reaction to him
now again I briefly discussed this but I
don't think either one of us know what
his political beliefs are even if he has
he knows what they are but just just not
to hate Republicans not to hate Trump
for that is a big deal
think you know we're in Hollywood you
and I are is there an a-list our doing
it here I have no is there an a-list
actor and a-list actress in his or her
20s or 30s who come out and said I love
Trump none nobody you get some older
ones maybe they've already established
you've set a few things but is there
somebody right now who's hot on the
brink of stardom or just just in stardom
who's come out in favor of Trump know
you'll get a Trump just say basic
conservatives yeah because they'll be
damaging to their career it's not
possible that 100% of them think the
same way I don't think so
there's got to be a few but when they
come out and say something of course not
how'd you get a walk a fame star I'm
sure would you pay up for that bag well
when someone asked me that reporter said
how did that happen I said well this is
what happens when you make a substantial
donation to the Clinton Foundation I
have no idea I know that I'm nominated
all the time because I would get some
sort of inquiry from people telling me
that you've been nominated and nothing
ever happened so I didn't think anything
would happen lo and behold who knows
yeah when you think of the odd levels of
racism in this town like just the way
they do things like just a couple weeks
ago when they boot Cosby out of the
whatever it is the television weekend or
it's a long long ad so then they do
Roman Polanski the same day but it was
so obvious that it was like oh we got to
take care of Cosby now but we don't want
to make it seem like we're just booting
the black guy so where's the white guy
we can get rid of and you know I don't
think anything to do with black or white
I think they realize the hypocrisy I
think they realize if we're kicking out
Bill Cosby because of allegations of
rape yeah and here's a guy who pled
guilty to rape a teenager yeah and we're
celebrating him we have a problem here
so cause we caused them to have to be
consistent they do with with Polanski's
race or Carly's race he had to do with
with the with the bizarre concept of
somebody being booted out because he was
accused of rape and somebody who was
charged with it and pled guilty to it
he's okay I think in their own warped
worldview though if Cosby had been white
and they felt they had to get rid of him
they wouldn't have felt that they needed
to get rid of another white guy maybe I
get it is believe me it's possible but
they've caused us to think this way
right I'm just trying to get in their
minds I'm not trying to get in right in
our minds but okay I want to get back to
what you just said about the reaction to
Kanye because the reaction to me it
seemed it wasn't just people were like
he's wrong because he likes Trump
because you know lists for things that
are sensible it was you know Candace is
far right Kanye's on opioids ten other
smear pieces on both of them etc etc and
I think you're probably very aware of
why that is and you kind of hinted at it
but can you explain why it's always so
overboard
well again anybody who threatens the 95
percent monolithic black vote is an
enemy they've got to be dealt with
they've got to be put down
and black people have been indoctrinated
to believe that racism is this massive
massive problem in the world when in
fact it isn't massive massive problem in
America when in fact it isn't yeah I was
on CNN the last time I was on this Don
Lemon show I reminded them of a 1997
poll that seeing him and Time magazine
did where black teenagers and white
teenagers were asked is is racism major
problem in America I think you and I
might have talked about this and more
more white teams and black teams that
racing there was a major problem in
America and then when the poll asked is
racism a big problem a small problem or
no problem in your own daily lives
ninety percent of the black teen said a
small problem no probably in my own
daily lives that was in 1997
now that was before Obama and a for
Obama got reelected you're telling me
now things are worse now than they were
back then yet our so-called black
leadership people like keith Ellison
people like Louis Farrakhan people like
Jesse Jackson people like Sharpton the
the the the the neighbor observing on
MSNBC ha and CNN if you contracted on
those guys you'd be afraid to leave your
house if you were black so what do you
think is actually going on in the minds
of these guys I know you're not a mind
reader but like is it is it truly bad
intentions or is it moral confusion
political party it's hard it's hard to
say I think some of it is cynical some
of it is is BS recently for example I
just saw that a chapter head of an in in
a a CP chapter in South Carolina wrote a
big Facebook post about being pulled
over and the officer s about drugs and
asking him about why are you having such
a fancy car and he wrote a big piece
Facebook post about it unfortunately the
the officer recorded everything and it
turned out everything the guy said was a
lie this is the chapter head of the
n-double a-c-p in that town in South
Carolina now if racism so bad that you
have to make up stuff man that shows you
the the the call that victimhood has
right now for whatever remember the
young lady the actors from the movie
Django here in on Santa Monica and she
was apparently having sex with her
boyfriend in her car somebody called 911
recorded
she was wrong and a judge made her write
a letter of apology I mean really so
what do you do what do you do I was at
University of New Hampshire two weeks
ago and there were a bunch of protesters
there black lives matter sent a bunch of
people and I kept saying that I'm for
everyone having you know equal respect
under the law and I think you can't say
that's racist I even said black lives
matter because I was I did everything I
could to make it clear that I want us
all to be treated equally with dignity
with I mean you but you know what it's
like when you get some of these
protesters the ones that are not not a
not an average protester who may want to
listen a little bit and then and then
ask a question right when you get the
ones that are just there to to berate
and scream and the rest so one of the
one of the protesters are there a couple
at one point who were saying you know
something like we could be shot when we
get out of here all this hate speech all
of the stuff and I realized even though
I kept saying what I believe to be true
and what I believed to be right there
was almost nothing I can do
right so what do you do for those people
because I think the masses are shifting
a little bit but what do you do for that
you you're not gonna win every argument
you really can't and if somebody is
invested with the idea that the man is
holding me back that officers pull me
over because of my race there's not a
whole lot you can do about it you can
point to studies I mean it's been
studied under Obama in the 20 2013 I
think it was the National Institutes of
justice which is the research arm of the
DOJ did a study what called race and
traffic stops turned out 75 percent of
the black motorists who were stopped
said I got stopped for legitimate
reasons it turned out that you named a
traffic offense speeding driving without
your lights on driving without a seat
belt on driving without proper
registration you name the offense a
black motorist was what was more likely
to commit it and the NIJ report said yes
blacks are stopped more often than
whites are but the reasons have to do
with quote differences in offending end
of quote came out under Obama quietly
nobody talked about it how much of this
then is just a failure of what the
Republicans have done I get you on all
of the things that the Democrats and the
left had sold that are lies I get the
way they they manipulate all these
different minority communities but it
seems to me because there is a
resurgence now right like the first
thing I said to time is soul are you are
you excited that you know
you're having this resurgence he kind of
looked at me like well you know doing
this for 50 years
sort of or that that people now share
the clip of us endlessly and Candice and
Connie and all of this it this does seem
to be coming back but some of this has
to be on the Republicans too right that
it got so bad well yeah I mean the
Republic have done a bad job in in
marketing their brand most people don't
even know that the Democrats opposed at
thirteen fourteen fifteen amendment
sometimes unanimously most people don't
know that as a percentage of the party
more Republican voted for the passage of
the Civil Rights Act in the Senate and
in the house then did Democrats and
there's this myth that what happened is
it was a big switch in the 60s when all
the racists from the South left the
Democratic Party and joined a publican
party when in fact if you look at all of
the Democrats that voted against the
Civil Rights Act in the house and the
Democrats of all of them only to switch
parties became Republicans the first
Republican senator from Tennessee since
reconstruction was a guy named Howard
Baker who was a guy who's in favor of
integration so it's it's a big lie and
Republicans have done a poor job in and
telling the truth the other thing is
Republicans are gentle when they're
called racists they often just don't say
anything or ignore it I hope the moment
goes away recently Mike Kelly from
Pennsylvania a Republican member of the
House squared off with Maxine Waters it
was this bogus report that purported to
show that auto dealers jack over black
people by charging a more interest rates
to get loans when in fact all these
