alright guys first off sorry about the
delay there I'm just gonna start slowly
here today because we had another link
that we normally set up through the
TriCaster through our studio cameras and
the whole freaking thing and then the
TriCaster some of you know about the
TriCaster the TriCaster is like one of
the few ways that you can sort of build
out a studio and control all the cameras
and all that it is a notoriously
herky-jerky thing that often has crazy
bugs and a mirror here our director who
was an absolutely pro at all this and
has been doing this for years she did
every possible thing imaginable so that
we could be doing this normally as we
normally do it through our regular
cameras and all that good stuff and I'm
miked up and it's lit well and
everything but for some reason the
TriCaster just didn't want to play along
I don't know what the hell's going on so
we're doing this old-school people I've
got my laptop right in front of me and
we're just we're gonna do it this way
there's a whole bunch of stuff that I
want to catch up with you guys on you
know I've been on this tour with JP
Jordan Peterson and because of that for
the last whatever it is almost six eight
weeks I haven't been doing direct
messages at the front end of the shows
and that's usually where I'm able to
tell you guys what I've been thinking
about what's on my mind what I think is
relevant and important and all that
stuff but we just haven't been able to
do that because although we've taped
some shows in advance usually when I'm
doing something that's on my mind at the
moment there's a bit of a topical nature
to it so I don't want to tape a DM even
a week in advance and then lay it out
when it feels stale or also I haven't
had a moment in the last couple weeks to
just go directly to you guys what I have
had is a couple chances to do that with
with those of you who are on patreon
because I do the one-on-ones and the
group hangouts and all that kind of
stuff so I've been able to share some
thoughts about this tour and just all
the kinds of stuff that's going on and
then I want to share some some personal
stuff some business stuff we're gonna do
an AMA you guys can ask me anything you
can do that on super chat right here so
for those of you that don't have super
chat works if you throw in a couple
bucks in the youtube comment section it
pumps your comments up I'm pretty sure
that the more you put the longer it
stays up there then my guys can see it
and they send it to me we've got to
trust the iPad here with patreon
questions rolling in
and with with super chat comments
rolling in and all that good stuff we
are streaming right now we're only
streaming on YouTube sometimes we stream
this on on Facebook as well but because
of this whacked-out TriCaster situation
we're just doing it this way yes I am
wearing the classical liberal t-shirt
many of you guys saw no this is a good
place to start actually so last week we
posted I believe it was was it last
Tuesday if I'm not mistaken a week ago
today we posted our first-ever Rubin
report animated video it was a two
minute 37 second video a short that I
wrote and did the voiceover for and we
got a great animator who came in and we
did what is classical liberalism it got
something like last I saw I think it at
around 650,000 views on Twitter I think
it's got about a hundred thousand on
YouTube which is kind of an interesting
little thing about the algorithms and
whatever else is going on here with the
feeds or however you guys ingest this
content there's something interesting
happening so think about this I have
about last night so I think it's around
400 some odd thousand Twitter followers
the video on Twitter got about 700,000
views we have almost 800,000 subscribers
on YouTube so basically double the
subscribers that I have on Twitter the
video got at last I saw it was a little
bit under a hundred thousand views now
you guys keep bumping into you guys on
the street or when I go to the Petersons
events from you guys email me and keep
telling me I'm subscribed but I don't
see the videos I know what's going on
with the feed I get the usual nonsense
from YouTube hoon I don't know what the
answer to any of it is anymore I'm just
gonna keep putting out stuff and
hopefully for those of you that don't
see the videos in your feeds or whatever
they are hopefully you do a little extra
legwork to find this stuff but we're
doing we're doing the best we can we're
also working on a couple things that I
can't quite get into yet on that front
how is that for a tease we're just
working on some stuff on that front
anyway we put this video out and what I
wanted to do with this was because
obviously in the last two years and I
think it has a little something to do
with what we've been doing around here
the ideas of classical liberalism have
been catching on and something sort of
beautiful happened today that I'm sure
many of you saw Barack Obama former
President Barack Obama was given a
speech
and he talked about how you cannot
automatically dismiss people's opinions
just because they're male or just
because they're white I mean I suspect
that the conversations that we've all
been having here between Peterson and
Rogan and the line Stein's and Sam
Harris and Shapiro and everybody else
but these conversations we know I mean I
can't get into every little detail of
how we know everything you know but we
know that these conversations have moved
up the ladder and then a lot of people
all over the world important powerful
people are taking note of this and
taking note of the massive amounts of
numbers of people that are listening to
these podcasts and being influenced by
the stuff and the fact that Peterson has
sold about two million books it may be
more than two million already about a
month ago is one and a half million I
mean this thing is it's it's actually
incredible when I was in DC a couple
weeks ago for the Petersen event and
then I did a I did a sold-out show I'm
back doing stand-up and I did a sold-out
show at the DC Improv it was awesome
thank you for all of you guys that came
there and we did a meet-and-greet after
which was totally fun it was great I
brought up christina hoff sommers for
the second half the show's great but
anyway I was in DC and I went to this
little party and I got on I can't say
who was there because I don't know if he
wants to be known as somebody but there
was a senator there who was a very
influential senator one of the most
influential senators and all of the
Senate and he was there and I walked in
and he's like hey Dave Rubin I know
you're on tour Peterson I'm reading this
book right now so cool things are
happening this stuff is starting to
percolate and I don't think it's a
coincidence that Barack Obama came out
and did a real that was a real swipe of
identity politics and you know it's
interesting because there's so many
things happening here at once and we're
watching the massive realignment of
politics and media it's all happening
together this is the fertile ground
we've been talking about for the last
couple of years here we're watching it
sort of all shake out right now and we
don't know what'll be on the other side
but it's exciting I think if you're
aware and you're you got a couple
neurons still firing and you're paying
attention to what's going on
so when Barack Obama does that that's a
signal I think to some of the same
lefties and by the way there are sane
lefties right I used to know a lot of
them
and we need I think a Seine left and a
Seine right and I would love to see for
all of my frustrations with the left
that you guys know I talk about all
times and I hate identity politics and I
hate what the Democratic Party has
become and the oppression Olympics and
all of this nonsense and I think they're
way too big government and all of that
for all of that if the same part of the
Left came back the part of the left that
for those of you that are libertarian or
conservative or whatever that you may
disagree with but I think you believe
our principles or should at least
believe their principles so if the part
of the left that say Brett Weinstein who
considered himself deeply progressive
for his whole life believed in or his
wife Heather I believed in if that same
part of the left were the part of the
left that I once was part of when I
considered myself a Democrat and when
Democrats were actually liberal not
leftist when they were open-minded not
so talat Arian if that came back that
would be good for everything so there's
something interesting going on right now
because I see right now I see three sort
of distinct pieces or we could say I see
three distinct units on the right so
right now you've got the Trump people
the magg of people okay big column right
there that's a that's an ideological
column then you have the never Trump
pers the sort of more old-school
conservatives BAM okay these are very
separate people but they're thought of
on the right or they're thought of as
Republican or conservative whatever you
want to call that then there's also what
I with the part that I like the most
which is I think there is a very strong
growing libertarian wing of the
conservative party when I go to these
Peterson events when I speak at colleges
when I do stand-up I talked about
libertarian ideas and that's when people
get most excited so there's three
distinct ideologies right now within the
right so to speak right so we've got the
trunkpeople the never Trump people
old-school conservatives and we've got
libertarians they're all fighting for
control of their thing of their party of
their ideology all that that's great
that's a beautiful thing you know it's
unfortunately when you just see them
fighting at each other to the point
where they hate each other and these
people are evil and those people that
gets nobody anywhere what a beautiful
thing you if you have an idea
logical war the right way like really
fighting out ideas that's a beautiful
thing and I think that's what we try to
do around here
right now on the left unfortunately we
don't see as much of that because there
has been a purging of the Liberals and
the progressives and the Democratic
socialists and that crew that wants
really big government and that does
judge on your skin color and your
immutable characteristics and thinks
that government can solve all the
problems they have basically purged out
all the same
San Jose saying all the the more
pleasant thoughtful liberals let's say
and I do see and that's why I said this
would be the year of unusual alliances I
see a lot of old-school liberals finding
a lot more in common in common with
old-school conservatives are certainly
the libertarian people and I guess some
of them are Magga people too but there
isn't an ideological fight there really
because it's basically just been a
slaughter where there's almost nobody
left so that's why today I thought was
so interesting because by Obama saying
in effect he said identity politics are
 and you have to be able to
listen to people even scary
white men yeah you have to be able to
listen to them because they might have
good ideas that's pretty powerful and if
that signals some sort of comeback on
the left of that theory and and that
takes root a little bit I think that
would be great and you know Peterson in
a lot of the events that we talk about
because one of the things that happens
is we do a Q&A at the end of what
happens is we use an app called slide oh
so when we first started we were just
letting people come up to the mic to do
the Q&A but what happens is people are
so excited they end up telling their
life story and they very long-winded
things and sometimes they're very
nervous and they lose their train of
thought and a whole bunch of stuff and
we want to get to as many questions as
possible so what we do now is there's an
app called slide o SLI do and people
that are in the audience and they're
usually three to four or five thousand
people at the audience in these shows
and it's just been incredible I'll tell
you a little bit more about that later
people submit questions on the app and
then while Peterson is doing his thing
so basically the way the show works is I
go up there for about 10 or 15 minutes I
do warm up I welcome everybody we do
some silly stuff I talked about lobsters
and cleaning your room
I just get everybody going and
everybody's in a great mood and people
are screaming and it's and it's just
wonderful it's none of the things that
these awful articles and slime ball
you know hack pieces are saying about it
what about what's going on there so
anyway so I do my thing that I bring out
Peters and Jordan talks about everything
everything under the Sun for an hour
sometimes he talks about the 12 rules
sometimes he talked about the media
sometimes he talks about the
intellectual dark web some 90 talks
about what what whatever else is on is
mine every single one of these shows has
been different it's been it's been truly
incredible being on this tour I mean the
guy is a true tour de force and whether
you love them or hate them or you're
different or whatever it's like it's
just so cool being around it I've just
thoroughly enjoyed every every second of
the end I've enjoyed also just bouncing
around from city to city and figuring
out which cities I like orange and just
the differences of the people I gotta
say many of you guys were at the
Nashville show you were the happiest
freaking bunch of people I've ever seen
in my entire life I don't know what is
in the water in Nashville but that's the
one that really stuck out to me and we
were in the Ryman theater which is from
the Grand Ole Opry and just the history
there but we've been an amazing theaters
and it's so cool cuz we go to these
really old school theaters that are kind
of like Phantom of the Opera that we've
been to some some newer more modern
theaters and just and the people are
great name
in any event people submit questions
during the show and then while Jordans
doing his thing I basically look through
them and Jordan made it very clear to me
from the beginning he said nothing is
off-limits I want you to challenge me
etcetera etcetera so I go through I find
some silly ones I find some funny ones I
find some some some painful ones I find
some hard ones some political ones some
not political ones some personal ones
psychological questions I mean all sorts
of stuff now and we do that at the end
for about 30 to 45 minutes and it's just
it's just been absolutely great and you
know it's so funny because being on this
tour with the guy it's like as were on
the tour hit pieces come out so like
that ridiculous enforced monogamy
article came out in the New York Times
and I had met the author of it two or
three days before she was sitting in the
green room with us at our first show in
Toronto and it's like she seemed like a
great gal I talked about this a little
bit when I
had Jordan in here with Eric Weinstein a
couple weeks ago and it's like and then
just writes this piece that as if Jordan
is trying to force anyone to be married
or force women into monogamy or anything
enforcement either he meant marriage
that's all he meant and it's like you
watch these people in these slime bags
and often I've invited people to come to
the show after they've written bad
pieces there's been a writer a guy from
the Blais who spent a couple days with
us who's writing a piece right now and
wrote a profile piece on me a couple
months ago that I think is gonna be an
excellent piece coming out about the
tour because I took the time to learn to
trust the guy as much as I can trust a
reporter and and we spent some time with
him and all that but unfortunately you
know what's happened these days because
of the clickbait machine that you guys
know about that these guys real all of
these reporters but they're activists
they're not journalists and what they do
is they go holy cow
Peterson's got the number one book he's
selling out these theaters now he's
doing these things with sam harris where
they're getting you know 8,000 9,000
people overseas and it's like well
instead of learning what's actually
going there so instead of actually
showing up to the show and reporting on
the truth that has nothing to do with
racism or misogyny he's actually giving
you the tools by empowering your own
life by cleaning your own room he's
giving you the tools to not be racist to
not be beginning to not to hate cultural
Marxism and the progressive politics of
the oppression Olympics of all of that
stuff he's telling you hate that but
also well not not hate it that's not
even the right word know what it is and
know why it's wrong and then he's also
saying the identity politics of the
right are just as bad he focuses more on
the left as I focus more left
because that seems to be the thing
that's the cultural norm that is jammed
down our throat every day but these
reporters they don't even show up to
these things because they just want to
write something so that they can get
more clicks they're just in the click
business and and I don't think any of us
you know this whole crew of people IDW
whatever you want to call it I don't
think we're in the click business
there'd be a lot of ways for us to get
more clicks I mean you can look at the
way we tag and title all of our videos
we know if we use certain buzzwords
we'll capitalize certain things differ
Lior gotcha destroys it's like we know
we could get more clicks but it's really
not about that we're doing good and I
try to treat the channel the same way I
treat the conversations that I'm having
with you guys and I think one of the
things that's really happening here is
that out of this whole crew of people
it's like we genuinely respect you I
want to hear from you the fact that we
go out there now and it's so awesome
there's been a couple nights where
Jordan and I have just walked out into
the audience there there was sometimes
there's a line around the block I mean
literally around four square blocks in
Seattle
wrapped around it was awesome and we
just go out there and say hi to people
when I've been wandering around the the
cities during the day people come up to
me and they want to take me out to
dinner and drink and I join some people
some time one night where the hell was
it Portland I was I was pretty beat
after the show because it had been a
long run and I went back to my hotel and
I was just gonna have half a glass of
wine at the bar and it turned out that
like 40 people from the show were there
we hung out did our thing there so it's
just it's just been wonderful and
inspiring and for me look you guys know
I rail against the mainstream media all
the time and it's like wow this thing
being part of this thing has just it's
been the proof in the pudding you know
what I mean like they say the proof is
in the pudding well all the things that
I'm always talking about how these
