[Music]
joining me today is the founder of the
American conservation Coalition an
organization committed to efficient
effective conservative environmentalism
hashtag green GOP Benji backer
welcome to the Rubin reports great to be
here I feel you are long overdue
even though twenty years old you didn't
have a lot of time to get here but you
know you got here we've met a couple
times I kind of found out about you a
couple years ago we're gonna talk about
what kind of put you on the map in the
political world and got your activism
going and all that but it's good to have
you here I like that you you dressed
ready for the party oh yeah you gotta
gotta look good to feel good alright so
you have a really interesting story of
what got you in this mix but first I
just thought I'd like to ask my guests
just kind of tell me a little bit about
your upbringing yeah Emily that kind of
thing
yeah so I grew up in a family of five
completely non-political very close
family we traveled a lot together
youngest I had two older sisters my
parents were actually entrepreneurs they
started a business when I was I want to
say ten which was a software company
based on mortgages and really started to
take off but it was during the recession
and it was a really bold move for that
time mind it really paid off and they're
now retired and kind of lived the
American dream which was a really cool
thing to be brought up by yeah what
about the politics at home were you guys
always kind of conservative or it didn't
talk about it so actually you've got
really different views my sister is a
liberal one of them and then one
is more just not into it very much my
parents are conservative but they never
told us really about their views they
wanted us to decide for ourselves
obviously their morals and values I
think played into how I feel about
things but it was never forced upon us
or they were not adamant about politics
or volunteered or donated to my
knowledge to campaigns so it really
wasn't talked about in the house you
know they'd have the debates on or
they'd you have the news on but nothing
really more than that so I was able to
figure out my opinions for myself when I
was a little bit earlier than most
people when I was 10 but yeah what kind
of opinions does a ten-year-old have why
was Washington John McCain
Obama debates which 10 years old yes at
10 years old I found it really
interesting and I wanted to figure out
where I stood on the spectrum of what I
support John McCain or what I support I
think Senator Obama at the time yeah and
so I looked up online kind of just a
basic outline of what each side believed
in and I figured out that I was
conservative and so for that couple
years I kind of I I forced my parents to
put signs in our yard for John McCain I
forced them to put bumper stickers on
our cars
what are you various what did your
parents think about this they're 10
you're like all right well support you
in whatever you do they were very I mean
it's it's I think that they were
surprised and I I don't know if any
parent thinks that their 10 year old kid
is gonna get super interested in
politics because it doesn't really
affect you at 10 years old it doesn't
really affect you until after college
really so that was kind of a surprise to
them but they were supportive they let
me you know research as much as I wanted
to and again they allowed me to put the
signs in the yard the bumper stickers on
my RipStik you know that type of thing
so it was a pretty cool time and then I
got injured and decided to volunteer
because I couldn't play sports no all
right so I would I want to get to that
in a sec but wait I just want a picture
there's 10 years old you're watching me
you guys soon you're watching with your
folks probably er yeah right ok you go
online to figure out the issues what
mattered to you at 10 years old that you
said at the end of it ok I'm a
conservative or I'm gonna vote for
McCain well my pet my parents were
always really fiscally
be conservative was just how they spent
money you know we were never like in a
really really tough position when I was
super young but we always were saying
you know buy the cheapest product you
can save as much money as you can
and that was something that I was
brought up with so that really mattered
to me and knowing that the government
could take away my parents hard earned
money and knowing that the government
could come in and and harm my dad's
business by putting a ton of
restrictions that kind of struck me
pretty harshly and then also my family
we were raised on family values right
you know close-knit family it kind of
happens that way so those two things
were kind of the main drivers I would
say yeah it's just hard to imagine a ten
year old is but it's at but it's pretty
cool and it explains why you're here
right now so okay what put you on the
map and when I found out about you and I
think nationally when people found out
about you and now this makes sense now
that I know that this was brewing a ten
year ago 2013 you're 15 years old yeah
what happened yeah so I had been active
in politics for three years before that
and what does that even mean well I was
gone
carry on Scott Walker's campaign Senator
Ron Johnson scam pain I helped out Mitt
Romney as well in 2012 and people
believe it started throw up but could
people even believe it like here's this
12 year old kid 11 year old kid working
on these campaigns actually funny the
first campaign ever worked on did let me
use the phones at first because they
could you know we need to try to do a 12
year old on the pill you can tell us
like hi is Michael yes yeah they're like
yeah but like who are you and why are
you 12 and why are you calling me from a
congressional office through a channel
campaign and so people were actually
really surprised conservatives were
really supportive they're like whoa look
at this 12 year old kid is volunteering
for us and the left is like why is this
12 year old and cheering for them so it
was pretty funny again I was injured so
I needed something to do in like any
twelve-year-old I decided to volunteer
for politics so yeah it's a very
interesting dynamic because this is also
hilarious that an injury got you into
politics what what kind of injury was an
ankle injury that the
doctors couldn't figure out I was on
crutches for a year and a half Wow
gained a lot of weight
it was during middle school which does
not help because those are the worst
years for that anyways and so then again
I went into congressional office and
they didn't want me to do the phones
they didn't want me to go door-to-door
cuz imagine the 12 year olds coming to
your door like hey you should vote for X
Y or Z like I might why should I trust a
12 year old right so this is a very
interesting dynamic at that age so
alright so now what puts you on the map
yes 13 years 15 years old something
happens yes so in high school early on
in high school and middle school
teachers had really come out for me for
my political views because I was trying
to make local headlines for my activism
especially in the recall election for
Scott Walker in 2012 mom so tell me that
tell me a little bit about what your
opinions were and what your teachers
were yes I was really Pro Scott Walker
guy I was I actually ended up becoming
close with his family and then and a
great guy but I even better policies you
know I talked to a lot of teachers who
were sick of being forced to join unions
and sick of starting out with $30,000
base pay when senior senior teachers
were making $100,000 with benefits mm-hm
and it took them 40 years to get to that
level even if they're a better teacher
so people were really kind of sick of
that but it was a very small minority
because the unions really had a lot of
brainwashing in the state and I'm sure
in other states as well and so my view
is that Scott Walker is really helping
out the state because he helped balance
the budget and he kind of freed the
teachers up and helped their pay become
more of a fair shake but they the
teachers did not like that the majority
of them I mean most people know of the
huge uprising that happened the protests
were there are thousands of people death
threats to every Republican in the state
legislature and the governor and so the
teachers would leave school they
protested they take leave they would cry
in class I mean it was it was pretty
insane yeah and then you know you have
me over here bald little Benjy going out
there and saying Scott Walker they did
not like that at all so they would say
pretty disparaging things to be in class
in front of my like what kind of things
would they say to you there
my family for being business owners and
saying that they were lazy and saying
that they assumed that my parents golf
every Friday by the way my parents don't
know how to golf so that's not true
I don't know how I golf and so that was
that was one thing that that uh that
they would always say and they would
call me a racist or weird for being in
politics at such a young age what's that
like for for a kid of that age I'd be
dealing with that it's one thing to be
outspoken but I hope your teachers your
authority figures are attacking you
publicly in school I actually had a
minute rank than me because at first I
was pretty taken aback and I was kind of
sad about it but my parents really
pushed me on and said you're doing the
right thing and just kind of block out
as the Millennials say block out the
haters yeah so I I didn't really care
that much as long as it didn't affect my
grades or how my classmates viewed me
because I do care about the people that
I am friends with so so that was kind of
frustrating but after a while I just
kind of got used to it because it would
happen in a class every single quarter
of every single semester of every single
year seventh grade until til I started
coming out nationally about this issue
did it ever affect your grades because I
could see a teacher in a subjective
class maybe not math where it would be
tough to screw with your grades but a
social studies teacher where you're
writing an essay or an English teacher
or something actually harming your grade
it did actually my lowest grade ever was
in a social studies class in middle
school I've never gotten anything really
below like a high B level and there I
got a d-plus Wow in that social studies
class its middle school so at that point
was middle school so generally matter
per se but you could say you could see
that there was a trend going and that
I'd be worried in the future years
whether or not that it would affect me
and in other classes I don't think it
did as much which is good but in that
class I did see I mean it's a pretty
obvious correlation between me getting
good grades in every class since that in
every class before then and then getting
a d-plus in that class right not weird
and also probably not a coincidence that
social studies is the class that you
were probably talking about this
right most right did you did you try to
fight the teacher on that did your folks
get involved or anything oh we actually
I actually ended up switching schools
Wow I mean it's incredible yeah so so
that was that was a big change it
actually ended up being for the better
because the school switch to is one the
feeder school to the high school that I
was going to so I ended up making better
connections there but it was an annoying
change that shouldn't have been
necessary it was a teacher who had a
history of these types of behaviors not
just on politics but on other things so
so it's interesting because you were
fighting the unions which in your
estimation was actually Pro teacher
because you felt the unions were too
powerful I mean while you have teachers
fighting you which is really only
feeding your initial premise right in
the first place yeah so that was really
it really enhanced my opinion on the
subject it made me really want to to
push further because I could tell that
some of these teachers were really
worried about their job or their job
security because they knew that they
could actually be held accountable now
man some of the senior teachers knew
that oh I actually have to perform well
to get paid well I don't my age isn't
just the deciding factor yeah so I think
that's why people came out so strongly
in certain areas so some people just
didn't really understand the full scope
of the situation and call him down once
they figured that out but some I think
were really worried about their their
future pay because they had kind of just
been relaxed for the last twenty years
since their pay had gone up right so
basically they weren't doing a great job
and rice isn't just unique to Wisconsin
this is happen all over America where
you have these teachers that have been
at it forever I've kind of given up or
are not working that hard anymore but
they're protected by the unions their
salaries keep going up they get great
benefits etc etc that's what you're
fighting and you're seeing the the
fruits of what happens with that as
they're cracking down on you so what
actually put you on what was the
specific incident that that put this all
in motion yeah so I kind of took all the
information that I had of all the
experiences that I had gone through and
wrote it up in a blog for Freedom Works
it ended up going to Drudge and then
Todd Starnes at Fox wrote something up
about it
Town Hall had something it started to
get in that space and then eventually
Megyn Kelly's show reached out to ask me
to come on and talk about it
so that kind of put me on the map there
and then I started to be invited to
conferences to speak about my experience
and kind of how other young
conservatives shouldn't be scared to
speak out in the classroom even if their
teachers or other fellow students come
after them
it wasn't easy because it was my
sophomore year of high school actually
my fresh end of my freshman year of high
school and the after that Fox News
interview I received death threats
people were threatening me at school
because some of the teachers that I had
called out which I never named their
names but I called them out they were
popular with the students so people
weren't happy about it
so it was it was not an easy time for my
family either
yeah I want to focus on that a little
bit but I think because everyone gets
this these days and rice is one of the
themes of what we do here is everyone's
just like afraid to say anything because
they don't want a deal they don't want
to deal with just the hate they get on
Twitter and you got plenty of that and
that's how I found you after this but
but the other stuff like you had to go
to school the next day so literally what
what is that like well I I don't have
ever said this publicly but I carried a
knife at a school so he's so scared with
my life and I didn't tell my parents I
had a friend give it to me that was
worried about my safety it was a pretty
hard time because no matter if people
think I was doing something right or
wrong I think part of the problem with
our culture and it was the same way for
years ago or five years ago is that if
someone's doing something you don't
agree with you're just gonna completely
attack them wholeheartedly without any
respect for what they're doing or their
opinions or anything like that and so I
was honestly scared for my life you know
I couldn't go anywhere I got my bike
stolen when I bike to an ice cream shop
and I live in a very safe place and it
was somebody from my high school that
just really didn't like me you know I'd
be walking my dogs and someone would
flip me off and say after you Benjy
backer you know suck up whatever what
about your family at that time because I
know you said your folks were always
backing you and telling you right do
what you believe in was there any
repercussions for them or their business
or anything like that no their business
was fine I think you know most most
adults who knew what was going on
treated me with a lot of respect I think
it is mostly the young people who who
were a little bit ignorant about what
was going on so my parents didn't have
any negative repercussions that I
no of again they might have been not
telling me because they didn't want to
make it any worse for me because they
don't know that I care about them so
that was that was a tough time for them
though because they live through their
kids and having something like that the
constantly going after our people
constantly going after your son is not
the greatest thing in the world
especially when they know that what
you're doing is right so they were
coming by biggest supporters at the time
telling me to keep pushing on and you
know again bluff the haters and just
kind of and do what you think is right
because at the end of the day people are
gonna realize it eventually and I had
tons of people come after or come up to
me and years afterwards and apologize
and realize that what they did was
immature people who said the worst
thanks to me or told me to kill myself
or whatever those people would come up
to me and say I'm really sorry because
people mature they start to realize that
that's not OK dialogue even if you
totally disagree to someone so yeah
sadly we have a lot of people who don't
mature these sounds but that is that is
not right here though what about the
support you got from you guys I mean
where your where your friends that
supported you willing to publicly
support you because that's enough see
that's another there's there are certain
things that's why I think this is so
interesting there are certain trends
with all of these whether it's you
taking an unpopular but principled
position or it's a guy like Brett
Weinstein at Evergreen there's all these
different people that come out come out
I mean it's a coming out in the way that
the same tactics happen every time and
in this case the idea that your your
friends or whatever won't back you
publicly but privately probably had no
problem doing it yeah I had friends who
came up to me or text me saying I
support you and I feel terrible for what
you're going through but I can't
associate myself with you and those
friends ended up trying to associate
with me later on in a way those are the
worst ones right because it's like if
someone just tells you to go after
yourself it's like big deal ok whatever
but the friends it's like am i your
shield am i you know gonna be like am i
the guy that's supposed to just be out
there while you sit quietly and do
nothing you're not helping me right yeah
I had one really good friend named
Brandon who supported me through it all
and would come over every this death
threat stuff started to happen right as
summer started which was
the worst time is in high school as a
freshman you don't really do anything
during summer so you're just like at
