joining me today is an activist and
advocate who co-founded the student-led
gun control advocacy group never again
MSD he also helped organize the March
for our lives nationwide student
protests earlier this year cameron
Caskey welcome to the rubin report
thanks for having me I'm really happy
that you're here for for many reasons
mostly because you strike me suddenly as
someone that's trying to find some
common ground these days and we're gonna
get into that and a whole bunch more but
of course I have to mention up top you
are a survivor of the parkland shooting
in Florida before we go whole into that
and everything that you've been through
since just tell me a little bit about
life before because I assume you have a
life before and now a new life well you
know I spent most of my life as your
typical little shit-stirrer who just
said whatever you wanted to had a voice
I was always so convinced that I was
right about everything whether that was
nature or nurture is kind of up to
interpretation but I really grew up just
dead set on the fact that I knew
everything everything I said was right
and I was a genius I learned the hard
way recently little too recently that
I'm not and that was a crazy awakening
learning that you don't know everything
in the entire world is actually an
interesting experience but one of the
things that helped me a lot was doing
theater I was a big theater kid because
I had this voice I always wanted to
express myself I was you know I was
flippantly loud all the time and do I
didn't know what to do with it you know
I was knocking doors for Obama when I
was seven Wow yeah I was really
interested in you know being active with
all that I mean I knew nothing I thought
that John McCain was running with Tina
Fey not Sarah Palin because I really
only seen the news and I guess I got too
mixed up I was seven yeah I didn't
expect myself to be a policy expert but
you know again I think the point is I
was always really excited to to speak
and I got involved to drama and drama
said hey you have a voice here's a way
to use it and you learn a lot of lessons
from doing theater have you ever done
anything on stage that's cool not in
height
school I did spend 12 years doing
stand-up comedy in New York City which
is a whole other nightmare but I am I
always wanted to do stand-up and then I
tried it once when I was 7 years old I
was on a cruise with my family and there
was a kind of adults-only nightclub it
wasn't really the you were able to get
in if you were younger but I was the
only person there under maybe 40 and
they had an open mic and I kept on I
kept on raising my hand to get on him
but the host was saying know what that
was this kid doing good and finally he
just caved in I was like all right let's
let the kid get up here and and I walk
up there and I drop a 3-minute routine I
make a joke about my dad's penis which
was an interesting experience and the
thing is I did not know that while I was
sitting alone in the front row I snuck
out of my room my parents went to the
club and I didn't see them Wow so I'm
not there I'll say I'll send you the kid
the clip privately I'm out there and I'm
4 foot 3 and and everybody's drunk so
they think I'm a riot so I think I'm a
riot and I just kept going and going to
the point where though the guy who's
running the open mic was just looming
behind me waiting for me to be done but
I guess he just didn't want to grab the
mic from a small child without looking
kind of weird stand-up is probably best
done once at 7 years old and never again
so you're doing everybody's had their 15
minutes of fame when they were 7 on the
cruise yeah all right so so you were a
theater kid anything else we should know
about just like high school life like
high school life for a kid in 2017-2018
like what's it like I'm not that old but
I ain't 17 anymore well you know I high
school was really fun for me I really
enjoyed it on a social level I was a
shitty student my test scores were
always good but my grades were awful cuz
I never bothered to do homework I
thought I was too smart and cool for
that but um I liked high school a lot
because I I never really subscribed to
one social circle I kind of hung out
with a lot of people you know kids who
were the stereotypical popular kids you
know I was just the guy they knew that
was funny I would hang out with them
sometimes kids who were the
stereotypical Nerds we would talk about
movies and comic books which I want to
get into your comic book collection and
I'd say that my core group was the
theater kids okay I love my friends from
drama
and it's really fun having a group of
friends where you'll you'll be hanging
out in the weekend shooting the and
then you'll get to school and either be
falling in love with each other and
making out on stage or killing each
other on stage you know we just did
Fiddler on the Roof and I got to marry
one of my best friends I'm sure you're
familiar yeah yeah there I am familiar
with fiddler it's a classic yeah so all
right so it sounds like a pretty normal
childhood then so far I don't think
someone like me can be created by a
normal childhood but it was a great
childhood I'm very happy my parents
divorced when I was 10 and I'm lucky
enough to have four great parents you
know I've got two brothers and a
stepsister it's a great group well I'd
like to think that that I'm a pretty
moral guy and when I'm the shittiest
person in a family it's a great family
so I'm you have a stand-up comic in you
I can see it hopefully it doesn't come
out anytime soon all right so now bring
me to that day or later this year so on
February 14th there was a it was a
regular day it was actually a really
nice day and there was a period of time
during the day that I always remember
where I thought that he's going a little
too well hmm I was sitting reading John
Walsh's book tears of rage I believe a
familiar I don't remember the title
exactly but I was a big fan and um I was
planning out a Valentine's Day gift for
a girl that I really liked she had a she
had an endoscopy that day and she was up
she was on a lot of medicine and I was
going to give her cousin some gifts for
her and have her bring it to her and I
made her a card that said I would have
brought you this myself but I didn't
have the stomach for it right I predict
you are a crime I better hope sure of
her doctor and put it in the card and
everything and then I'm were in
rehearsal for a musical we were doing
Yale Vikings which I'm sure nobody's
ever heard of I don't know it and I was
we had just finished up a song and I was
doing and I realized wait a second I
have to go pick up my brother because
that stole my Douglas school lets out at
2:40 but the special-needs kids are out
at 2:10 so the parents can pick them up
before the buses come and my little
brother has autism and he's hanging out
there with all of his friends and the
ESC class and by the way the autistic
scene and Stoneman Douglas is awesome
those kids are the best and the school
specialized in that is it like a magnet
school for kids with autism or no but it
has a great program with great teachers
and I actually went back to parkland
this weekend to see them off to
homecoming and boy let me tell you that
squad is wild I love them and my little
brother I don't want to brag it's kind
of the ringleader over there and and I
went to go pick him up because on days
like that when my mom was at work I
would take him to drama and he would
just hang out and he really loved it
because all the girls would give him
attention yeah and you know he's he's a
bit of a cocky little bastard
and um and I realized it's maybe 220
let's say and I were halfway through the
song and I say I forgot to pick up
Holden so we finished the song and asked
my teacher if I could go run and pick
him up of course she said yes and I'm
picking up Holden and suddenly there's a
fire alarm and and I and that was a
little scary because we were close to
pickup and I was with the special-needs
kids some of whom were in wheelchairs
some of whom were not were you know a
little physically disabled and we had to
go to the parking lot where the buses
would come mm-hmm and I said oh no what
if this what if this is a real fire and
I have to sit out here and make sure
that nobody gets hit by a bus there were
teachers there of course but you know
it's a public school there may be two
teachers for 10-15 students who won't
need a lot of help sure
so we're out there sitting in the
parking lot and there were students out
there from other classes nearby who
because again this is a fire drill there
were students out there who were with us
and it was the ESC class it was a couple
of the nearby classes and one of the
kids jokingly said as a shooter I said
dude shut the up that's not cool
because how could that ever happen right
and suddenly I see everybody running
back inside and the teacher says get
inside get inside and I said okay it
wasn't a real fire and they want to get
all the kids inside before the buses
come and then we're told to go in a row
and we're told to hide get away from the
window and turn the lights off and I say
okay someone's going on and that
experience was was an interesting one
because I was in the leadership room
with a lot of the leadership students
which is a class that specializes in
leadership yeah and they planned problem
and everything sort of student
government and it was also the
special-needs kids because it was the
nearest room and some of the students
being nonverbal does not mean
can make noise and some of the students
were yelling and wailing fortunately
they had shadows and the special needs
teachers at Douglas are fantastic and we
were able to keep everybody calm but we
didn't know what was going on and we
were there for a couple hours and slowly
more details began to emerge now I
assume you're hearing gunfire and no no
Douglas is a huge school and I wasn't
now mind you I thought I heard gunfire
but when you're told being told your
school was getting shot up and you hear
anything you might think it's gunfire
yeah but I'm sitting there holding my
little brother has no idea what's going
on and and slowly I realize okay there's
a shooting I heard and people were
whispering around the room it was maybe
20 kids in the room people saying 50
people are dead two people are dead one
person is dead the there were
conflicting stories I heard conflicting
stories of who was the shooter was I
heard five different names one of whom
was somebody I knew somebody I knew
would not pick up a weapon to harm a
butterfly mm-hmm because that's hysteria
and that and that's natural and I
understand it then I saw something that
was a terrible exhibit of humanity if
you ask me which was there was a
snapchat video going around that was
that with the caption yo with multiple
O's my school getting shot up and it was
a video of a dead teacher look if you're
gonna film us shooting from inside a
room so you can have evidence to show
the police good on you if you're gonna
film a shooting in a room and say yo my
school getting shot up and send it to
everybody you know that's pretty awful
yeah and when you're sitting there in a
room not knowing what's going on and you
see videos of people you know and love
deceased and then the only video I saw
was of somebody who had I had cared
about for many years he was a mentor in
my life you start to realize that
nothing is ever gonna be the same again
yeah so well let's pause one sec because
that we shouldn't gloss over that part
where the social media component of this
is so important because you guys all
grew up on this and then you grow up
hearing about school shootings all the
time and I could own oh who this kid is
it doesn't matter I'm sure
Imperius a perfectly fine person or he
or she time but it's like you know doing
that it's like it just it almost feels
like oh that's the norm
thing to do like there's a shooting like
snapchat yeah you know several people I
knew we're just treating it like it was
normal I mean not the shooting but the
fact that there was a video and so I
understand how some people might like to
not like but you know understand having
to see that because they need to
understand what's going on but I saw and
I said how could you do that this is
somebody who is deceased and you're
filming them to show to send it to all
your friends and that's a reflection of
the social media era we're in where
everything that's going on you got to
show everyone so for how long were you
actually in that room not knowing if you
were gonna be okay not knowing what was
happening I think it was about two hours
I could look at interviews I did a days
after and have a much better gauge I for
dad yeah but I would call it around two
hours and you know when the SWAT team
broke the door down there was the big
issue that there are students who are
developmentally disabled in here who
might not be able to put their hands up
and fortunately one of the only good
things you'll see from Broward's
handling of the shooting was the SWAT
team was very understanding and was very
quick to help these students which was
good but when that glass broken the
first thing that walked into a room was
a was a rifle how are we supposed to
know that that wasn't you know us taking
our turn but and I everybody was texting
their parents everybody the phone lines
were kind of jammed because everybody in
Parkland was making a call I mean it was
Parkland it was a city with I don't even
know how many people but it was it's a
small town where there's one high school
it's there one high school there's
around one high school you know and we I
mean nobody should be equipped for this
but we weren't yeah have you guys been
taught at all like are they teaching in
high school like what to do if this
actually does happen if a shooter comes
to a school we had the discussion of
having a CodeRed drill we had had long
discussions about dealing with a shooter
but we had never participated in a
CodeRed drill at least not while I was
at school I used to skip school a lot
yeah
tell me a little bit more about the make
up of parkland because you mentioned
something interesting that it's kind of
like a little liberal parkland or some
pretty liberal area it's
you know homogenious when it comes to
being liberal you know there's a lot of
different perspectives but the majority
people in parkland are pretty liberal
and pretty classic liberal and and
that's why you'll see a lot of the
activism to come out of stoma Douglas
was less you know let's let's I don't
know it was very gun control related
yeah so let's we'll get to that in a
little bit because obviously so much has
happened in the spotlight that has been
you know put on you guys and everything
else and several of you have stepped
into it and I think there's there's
probably good parts of that and bad
parts of that I think that's probably
why you're here right now double-edged
sword yeah
okay so it ends now what you know they
tell you all right you can walk out of
this room I mean sure I can't imagine
there's so we branded like we ran with
her hands up we sat outside for a bit I
was able to go on a city bus with my
little brother's class to the Marriott
which is the hotel only hotel in
parkland and so they weren't letting
parents come no two parents were coming
to pick us up at the hotel okay but
there are a lot of different ways
students got out of the school a lot of
different places they went some kids I
know just ran which was understandable
yeah normally when there's a mass
shooting nearby you run and my brother
and I were at the Marriott hotel and our
father picked us up it took us over an
hour to get home because as I'm sure you
can understand the streets were very
jammed you know I mean after the
shooting parkland was a no-man's land
this wasn't Mad Max Anarchy where
everybody was wearing leather spikes but
it was a no-man's land there was it was
as if time and space had been suspended
the rules of physics and matter didn't
really exist it was eerie
it was seven two days at least for me
that was when that period of really
surreal fear would existed that that
nothing felt real and then that camp
news was there there was you know the
most we got was somebody at the
sun-sentinel talking about our
production of Fiddler on the Roof the
did you in that period and I'm sure it's
very hard to even remember it clearly
did you have a real chance to more
to figure out what happened I don't know
you can maybe let me know how close you
were to maybe some of the students
because it seems like and I think this
was part of the problem with the way we
deal with these things is that we go
from the incident to immediately a
special on social media just attacking
each other and destroying each other
then you guys all get thrust into the
spotlight and it's like whoa this would
be hard on on an adult you know
impossibly hard meanwhile you have these
kids who are now out there talking about
these things these kids need to mourn we
need to figure out what's going on with
life and find some reality and decency
so I I think that there's really no
formula for recovering for from a mass
shooting especially when at a school I
mean enough of happened that they're
starting to develop a precedence which
is a horrible thing but there's really
no where to look you can I could have
hidden away I could have locked myself
in my room for weeks and maybe that
would have been the right thing to do I
could have I didn't know what to do and
my way of coping has always been doing
something I had dealt with some tragic
loss this past year and I had there were
some really dark things that happened to
people that I loved and the way I always
handled them was by doing something I
never liked to have a clear head because
well I think it's important to process
your pain and deal with it I also think
that them if I if something like that
happens and I do nothing I'm never gonna
forget myself i I had survivor guilt why
should I have left that day yeah there
were fifteen-year-old girls that were
murdered and I made it out and if I
could have pressed a button to trade my
life for theirs it wouldn't have even
been hmm well maybe I should say goodbye
to people maybe I should think about
this no I would have broken my finger
pressing it to heart so what made me
deserve life when other people who did
nothing wrong if people more innocent
more kind than I am didn't get to make
it out and I realized while I'm alive
and one of my mentors wasn't Scott
beagle one of the nicest guys I've ever
met he's the reason that I'm a snarky
little I developed that from him
mm-hmm he didn't make it out there and
and he's somebody who changed young
people's lives by making them better
and making them more proud of themselves
so what makes me does what has me
deserving of this no I'm not a very
religious or spiritual person so I I
don't I didn't think there was some
great plan that got me out of school but
