[Music]
it's presidents week here on the Rubin
report working with learn liberty to
bring you five shows in five days on
five different presidents of the United
States and joining me today is professor
of history and economics at San Jose
State University and author of the book
emancipating the slaves enslaving
freemen a history of the American Civil
War Jeffery Rogers Hummel
welcome to the Rubin report it's a
pleasure to be on the ribbon report we
have already just in a few minutes we've
been sitting here we talked about almost
every other present right now I guess
we're gonna have to get the Lincoln guy
yes definitely let's do it so first off
the obvious question was he actually a
vampire hunter I doubt it it's not a
show that I watched was it a movie I
forget it was a movie I thought it was a
documentary but not all right there's a
lot I want to talk to you now it was
obvious when we were selecting our five
presidents to do this week we wanted to
do some of it some of the big ones and
some smaller ones and hopefully we'll do
this for many years to come and get to
everybody but Lincoln was the one I was
like alright we got to do it because I
think if you polled most Americans they
always say that Lincoln is their
favorite right I think probably George
Washington comes in second but I think
Lincoln is the big one so I want to do a
little bit on his bio than I want to do
obviously on the political stuff and
Civil War in freeing the slaves and I
want to talk about some of the
interesting criticisms that you have of
him in this book but first let's just
start a little bit about childhood where
should we start well Lincoln was born in
Kentucky 1809 and grew up in a in a very
poor frontier household his mother died
when he was very young I was partly
raised by a by a stepmother they moved
to Indiana and basically he educated
himself and and it was a humble
background yeah as he would have as he
as he described it himself how was that
possible to educate himself back then I
mean was he just grabbed
he was just grabbing books and reading
them at every opportunity he could get
and yeah that's basic thats basically
the story yeah do we know anything about
his further education as he got a little
bit older uh I don't know anything about
his further education I don't think he
was university educated he obviously
went on to get a law degree but in those
days getting a law degree was you
clerked under a lawyer and then you hung
out your shingle right so as far as
formal education is concerned he didn't
have very much of that yeah was his
really ambition at first to be a lawyer
I don't know whether he had a real
ambition at first I mean you know he he
he he had a lot of other kinds of more
frontier oriented jobs right that's how
he got the nickname the Railsplitter
working on the rivers and and those
sorts of things and so I think he just
sort of fell into law yeah so he's a lot
but eventually I mean eventually
politics became his passion yeah so he's
a lawyer and then politics became his
passion yes I would say those two are
interrelated because remember at that
time many of your politicians if not
most of your politicians where either
came through the military or through the
profession of law yeah
was there a seminal moment for him that
he realized this is when and why I have
to get into politics uh no I don't think
so I don't think so
you know it's like life happens yeah and
opportunities open and you take
advantage of them yeah and you know he
a legal profession in Illinois and then
he was elected to the Illinois
legislature eventually elected to the
House of Representatives for a short
time and and became very prominent in
the Illinois Whig party
yeah what were his politics like in time
and what was the Whig party like okay
well this is one of the if you look at
the two parties ideologically at that
time it was the Whigs versus the
Democrats the Whigs were the end of
interventionist party the Whigs were in
favor of high protective tariffs they
were in favor of spending a lot of money
government money on internal
improvements what we call infrastructure
today and they were in favor of a
nationally chartered bank and a lot of
these policies were the outgrowth of one
of the most prominent Whig leaders Henry
Clay and what he termed his American
system whereas by this time the
Democratic Party had become the party of
laissez faire low tariffs getting rid of
the National Bank and in fact actually
trying to divorce government from any
relationship with banks and at least
trying to keep the federal government
out of funding internal improvements
yeah that that's very interesting to me
because in a modern sense that seems to
be a bit of a reversal right where we're
at right now
right was was Lincoln really in line
with oh yeah he's I mean he really
admired Henry Clay Henry Clay what was
his hero and he he supported all those
policies down the line when he was in
the state legislature in Illinois he was
crucial in passing a very expensive
internal improvements program in
Illinois that subsequently almost drove
the state into bankruptcy
financing of canals and and railroads
yeah so fiscally at the time he was he
was spending a lot and did the the
infrastructure deal actually makes sense
well I know in other words in other
words if if what happened is that the
states went through sort of two phases
in terms of infrastructure the first
phase was Canal building and the second
phase was railroads these are often
referred to as phases of the
transportation revolution during that
period the canal building orgy was
actually set off by New York building
the Erie Canal which is one of the few
examples of a socialist enterprise that
actually made a profit and so this
inspired a lot of other states to build
canals almost all of which lost money
and created financial problems for the
states that built them which suggests
that they were not economically
justified yeah and then as a result of
the states losing so much money on the
canals initially they were heavily
involved in railroads and they continued
to subsidize the railroads but at least
by the 1840s and 1850s they weren't
owning outright the railroads the way
they had owned outright the canals and
therefore either there was a little bit
too much railroad expansion subsidized
by the government but it wasn't as
significant as the problems created by
the canal building interesting because
this is a part of Lincoln that I don't
you know we mostly think about the Civil
War right and freeing the slaves but the
economic part is sort of interesting
what do you think his sort of overriding
economic policy was because it sounds
like it was a it was a lot of he carried
this policy into the presidency the
first subsidized transcontinental
railroads were during Lincoln's
administration during the Civil War and
that resulted in many other
Transcontinental's and being subsidized
by the national government
and a whole bunch of pork-barrel
legislation in the in the post-civil war
period and a lot of scandals corruption
involved as well yeah so so so his
economic views continued throughout his
entire career and these were this was
the main dividing line between the two
policies between the two political
parties because up until the Civil War
both political parties tied to straddle
the issue of slavery so they would both
be national parties so they tried to
keep it out as best they could out of
the political arena yeah when did he
start talking about slavery really I
mean when he was in the Illinois
legislature no he doesn't really start
talking about slavery he he he had a
visceral dislike of slavery from his
youth but he didn't really start talking
about slavery until after the
kansas-nebraska act and slavery becomes
a prominent issue and it causes the
death of the Whig party mm-hmm
and the collapse of the of the Whig
party yeah can you explain that a little
bit more why why that actually yeah yeah
well see both parties initially try to
straddle the slavery issue but as as it
evolves over time the Whig party being
more interventionist tends to be
stronger in New England whereas the
Democratic Party tending to be
non-interventionist tends to be stronger
in the south and the west and so the
both parties feel the strain between
northern and southern democrats northern
and southern Whigs but the Whig party is
actually blown apart by that strain
after the kansas-nebraska Act and one
issue that causes the demise of the Whig
party
is slavery so you have the split between
northern Whigs and southern Whigs and
then also another issue that comes to
the fore during that period is
immigration
there is a nativist movement that some
Whigs end up embracing and that also is
a plays a role in the demise of the Whig
party yeah
what was his policy well actually
Lincoln was fairly good on that I mean
he in other words there was a debate
within the council's of the Republican
Party about you know between those who
were more nativist and those who were
less nativist and Lincoln was definitely
on the side of the one he didn't want he
didn't want the Republican Party to be
him to take a platform stand on nativism
opposing immigration or actually they
they they weren't proposing restrictions
on immigration so much as restrictions
on acquiring citizenship so when the
Whig Party fell apart and then basically
the remnants became the Republican Party
what well what was that like what like
where the day literally just well
actually the people or a man well well
inissia initially the Republican Party
is a coalition of anti-slavery Whigs
and anti-slavery Democrats so it it's
exclusively a sectional party it's
almost exclusively so just to be really
clear on that though so the Republican
Party actually was the original
anti-slavery party it was taking from
both sides and was right taking now we
need to be clear about this term
anti-slavery because being anti-slavery
was a was a broad tent at one extreme
were the abolitionists and at least in
America the term abolitionist refers to
anti-slavery advocates who favor
immediate emancipation of all slaves and
full political rights for all African
Americans
so there's a whole range of anti-slavery
positions and so the Republican Party
the abolitionists are always a minority
and the Republican Party succeeds where
the abolitionists don't succeed by
reducing anti-slavery to its lowest
common denominator essentially one issue
which is opposing the spread of slavery
into the territories and so you have and
again the kansas-nebraska act in which
in which Kansas and Nebraska were opened
to slavery
in violation of the Missouri Compromise
is what sort of inspires this concern
among anti-slavery northerners so just
just to be clear at the beginning of the
Civil War there are a lot of Democrats
involved in former Democrats involved in
the Republican Party Lincoln's Secretary
of State Salman Chase is a former
Democrat several Republican governors
and Senate are me yet Republican
senators and governors are former
Republicans so in Lincoln's election the
Republican Party has to sort of straddle
these economic issues to keep both sides
of the coalition together where did he
fall when he was running for president
where did he fall on that scale of
abolitionists to what what would you
call he was a would you call that other
group they were sort of well they're
just they're just anti-slavery yeah and
but what that approach that they had
what would you repeal was that pragmatic
or what did they base it
well gradualist pragmatic basically
again this is where Lincoln follows
Henry Clay Henry Clay was a favor it was
in favor of colonization in other words
not just having a plan of perhaps
compensated emancipation in which freed
slaves
are moved to back to Africa and Lincoln
was a big advocate of colonization and
in fact he continues to pursue
colonization even after the outbreak of
the Civil War by the end of the Civil
War he's probably given up on that but
during the Civil War he sponsored one
disastrous attempt at colonization in
Haiti that it just didn't yeah what
happened well what happened is that
there they got the I'm a little bit hazy
on the details but but some land was
acquired in Haiti and they got some
african-americans who agreed to move
there and then it was not just
economically unviable but does have
problems with disease and so the whole
colony collapsed in other words he
wanted to do he wanted to push in in
Latin America something similar to
Liberia in in Africa which also was also
a colonization scheme set up by the
American Colonization Society of which
Henry Clay was a participant right so
there's a couple interesting things
there so you referenced that the Whig
party itself had a sort of internal
conflict between their northern
representatives that would be someone
like Abraham Lincoln and their southern
if you were a local representative in
the legislature in Illinois did it ever
come up to talk about I mean why would
slavery even really it was only within
the national discussion right like was
it something that people were actually
voting on in anyway not at the state
level now yeah there it's hard to think
of party politics in a 20-18 lens
without everything being right national
and everybody affected by every little
thing yeah yeah no the only sense in
which it was the only sense in which the
state you got involved at the state
level was with respect to the Fugitive
Slave Law so if you look at the history
of slavery there's always this ten
in between free states and slave states
even at the Constitutional Convention
but it is usually kept below the surface
except during these instances where it
where it erupts and then it's resolved
so you first have Missouri coming in as
a slave state which leads to the
Missouri Compromise and then things calm
down and then you have the tariff issue
which is partially driven by South
Carolina's slave and then you have
things calming down with the annexation
of Texas and California coming in as a
state slavery becomes a big issue again
and it's partially calmed down by the
compromise of 1850 and then after that
you have the kansas-nebraska Act and
then then there's no coming it down
anymore and the compromise of 1850 is
responsible part of the part of what
southerners got out of the compromise of
1850 or more precisely slaveholders was
the slave was the Fugitive Slave Act of
1850 now one of the one of the
constitutional deals I mean right in the
Constitution there's a fugitive slave
provision in which it's the obligation
of free states to return runaway slaves
and the Washington administration
actually passed the first Fugitive Slave
Act but the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850
was one of the most draconian laws that
Congress ever enacted yeah
and in other words it set up a
bureaucracy of commissioners who would
hear cases of fugitive slaves they got
$5.00 if they decided that that the
person wasn't a slave and $10 if they
decided it was a slave right so you're
right they
the slave had no right to represent
gestation a jury trial no right to
testify the legisla and the the
commissioners could require the
cooperation of individuals to apprehend
Runaways and if you violated that you
could face a jail sentence $1,000 fine
$1,000 civil penalties for each escaped
slave so it was pretty so many of your
northern states began have before this
but began after this passing what were
called personal liberty laws trying to
make sure that state officials did not
participate in the apprehension and
return of Runaways and so that's that's
that's the that's the big slavery issue
in northern states yeah it sounds like
such a crazy thing because they were
incentivizing the north right yeah that
may not have wanted to send the slaves
back they were literally financially
incentivizing and then as you're saying
there were other people there were just
citizens that were going out there right
and it also also also made it easier to
engage in kidnapping free blacks yeah
bringing them south who was fighting
this the most I mean I would imagine
there must have been some states rights
people in the North that maybe you
didn't even care about slavery per se
but must have said you can't tell yeah
well this this is this is one of the
things after the compromise of 1850 that
brings slavery starts pushing it to the
forefront and of course this is when
Kelly Elliot Uncle Tom's Cabin
Henry beat what's her first name I'm
drawing a blank Harriet Beecher Stowe
writes Uncle Tom's Cabin which becomes a
best-seller and it's about the Fugitive
Slave issues so it sensitizes a lot of
northerners to the Fugitive Slave
question and so Illinois does
pass a personal liberty law because
Southern Illinois is actually settled by
from the southern the eastern southern
states but some of your other states
like Pennsylvania and states further
north
do pass personal liberty laws yeah as a
result of either before the Fugitive
Slave Act or after the Fugitive Slave
Act so before we get directly into the
presidency and the warriors there
anything else we need to know about
Lincoln's politics at the time or what
else was influencing him besides
obviously there were states rights
issues there was obviously the slavery
issue it was there anything else that we
think of as really the moments that kind
of shaped him before the president I
think I think we I think we've covered
the important issues the big ones okay
so he runs for president what what do we
need to know about that platform well as
I say it tries to paper over the
difference between former Democrats and
former Whigs it has a it has a plank
about about the tariff that can be
interpreted differently but the primary
plank is is opposition to the spread of
slavery into anymore territories and
what's interesting about that plank is
that it's essentially that plank has
essentially been declared
unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in
the Dred Scott decision
in the Dred Scott decision the Supreme
Court says that the the territories are
the common property of both northerners
and southerners and therefore the
national government cannot restrict the
property rights of southerners when they
move into the territories by preventing
them from bringing their slaves so that
so you have a you have a platform plank
that was that was literally on
Constitution
declared unconstitutional I mean most
Supreme Court most legal scholars today
think it was a very bad decision but yes
it was had been declared
unconstitutional what do we need to know
about the the tenor of the political
