[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty today and joining me is
the president and CEO of the Thurgood
Marshall scholarship fund the only
national organization representing the
nearly three hundred thousand students
attending America's forty seven
historically black colleges Johnny C
Taylor
welcome to the Reuben report so glad to
be here I got to tell you man I and I
just did tell you about now I'll repeat
it since the cameras are on you we've
been doing this thing with learn Liberty
for a little over a year or so and
they've sent us some great authors and
professors and thinkers I've never
requested anyone you sir
are the first person I requested because
I saw you speak a couple months back at
a conference for academics had to do a
lot about free speech and liberty and
all sorts of things and you gave the
keynote address on the final night and I
thought this guy is possibly the most
passionate speaker I've ever seen in my
life thank you
where does that passion come from well
let's start there before we even talk
about what you do just the passion that
you had I was just like that I gotta get
that guy on the show
so it's interesting I spent my career in
the entertainment space the media space
Paramount Pictures Spelling
entertainment blockbuster entertainment
so all of my life was doing that kind of
stuff making money right but I always
had this yearning for the community and
and how higher education could play into
in you know sort of fixing what was
going on in my community and I say the
community I mean all of Americans but
particularly african-americans and there
were so many conversations that didn't
occur weren't allowed to occur and so I
took this new role at the Thurgood
Marshall College Fund representing black
colleges I didn't attend a black college
I often say I'm a beneficiary of it
because so many of my teachers and
doctors and lawyers did but I didn't my
merits didn't attend to black college
but I thought this was such an
opportunity to come in and really begin
to influence how young people you know
our future leaders how they think about
the world and then to challenge them my
legal education by definition sort of
taught me to challenge the status quo to
be able to argue both sides or in some
instances three sides of any argument
and so that's what came from I really I
don't sleep at night sometimes thinking
about where America is headed and that's
where the passion comes from I'm
genuinely concerned about where we're
going yeah I feel that too and we kind
of hit that a little bit before now we
got to do it all over right now tell me
a little bit more about your resume
before we get to what you've been doing
these last couple years because yeah you
just mentioned some of us up I mean
you've got a pretty prime your
linkedin's got to be pretty fast in the
last somewhat like eight pages that's
right god is good
but tell me a little bit about that cuz
I think it does form sort of you know
how you end up sitting across from me
here yes so I began my career well let
me back up I did the undergraduate work
in the University of Miami I'm a born
and raised in Florida so I'm for you I
gotta give my shout out to my school and
even I finished school went to law
school in Iowa Drake University and I
came back to South Florida to practice
at a big law firm Janet Reno was one of
my was the first female partner so I'm
hating myself it takes your way back
yeah and then began my practice sat on a
plane one day melt met a I did not know
at the time a billionaire wayne Huizenga
who had this small little business
called blockbuster that he was building
I went in as the third lawyer on staff
and literally we went through this huge
acquisition spree and you know you
remember blockbuster was on every corner
in Seville yeah so did that Vikon bodice
so I've spent my time as a lawyer as an
HR executive and then ultimately once
vikon bought us and worked for some
there at Vikon Sumner Redstone and then
my last corporate gig was running a
business a subsidiary for Barry Diller
in New York so I literally have had all
the back office functions and then ran
front line operator running a business
for Barry yeah came to TMC up in 2010 as
the CEO so you've been doing this for
now about seven years and you're
actually about to shift onto something
else between which we'll get to a little
later yes but tell me a little bit about
what the scholarship fund actually does
what is the purpose because I know a
certain amount of people because I know
a lot of your thoughts on on the
diversity memo and all that stuff it
almost sounds counter to what the
Thurgood Marshall scholarship fund might
do right so the the college fund was
actually created by the way we were
created as the scholarship fund
Thurgood Marshall scholarship fund about
a decade ago we changed the name to
broaden the remit to the college fund
since they're good Marshall college fund
and we really only do four things
scholarships we provide scholarships for
the absolutely most talented students so
this is not sort of a social services
feel-good for kids who didn't get a shot
K through 12 these are the brightest
kids who frankly just have money not
what they need so scholarships that are
needed and sort of need and merit-based
then capacity building we've talked with
our schools a lot about there was a time
when HBCUs captive market if you were
black anyone to go to college you
attended a black college well everything
changed be careful what you pray for we
asked for diversity we got it we asked
for integration we got it and so now
black students have options and so black
colleges the historically black colleges
have got to step up so the second thing
is to build their capacity to be
attractive the third thing that we do is
government affairs I mean a lot of
advocacy and policy work to make sure
that we're not making emotional
decisions we want to do what is good for
our communities and what's good for this
country those are really the three
things that we focus on as as a fund and
that's the work that we do and the thing
that that most of the folks frankly
don't realize is historically black
colleges are not EBC used they're not
exclusively black colleges in fact for
currently four of our member schools
aren't majority white really majority
white so they are still historically
black colleges because the H is
historically black not necessarily
currently black yeah so West Virginia
State in Bluefield State College both in
West Virginia Lincoln University in
Missouri Kentucky State these are
schools that while technically are not
technically are actually HBCUs are have
more white students than black students
and those are some of the things that
people don't understand this is not
about race per se yeah how much battling
is there over what it means to be
historically black versus currently
diverse because I would imagine you've
got you know ideas and and
hammocks and administrators who are
probably pretty entrenched in keeping
things just looking at it by numbers not
necessarily diversity of thought that's
and all that so you must be dealing with
that constant oh you have no idea ugly
and it's interesting because I'm
surprised and I know we'll talk about
some of this but I'm surprised at the
number you'd like to think millenials
you know we think Millennials and we
group the men in their open and they're
diverse in their well I was surprised
we've had some students really not
faculty not alumni but students 18 your
19 year olds take great issue with the
fact that the institutions are more
diverse than they were they wanted to
come to an all-black institution anyway
get there and realize that we have
international students and white
students and Hispanic students they
really push back so that's been a real
surprise to me yeah how do you break
through that well you you continue first
of all you explain to them that HBCU is
not EB C you then you start with it and
then you also then explain I find myself
to oftentimes when I'm talking to them
saying let me just put yourself in this
situation so just recently one of our
campuses really what does a group of
students really upset because in fact it
was all of the national news well
students came on the campus of Howard
University wearing the make America
great again oh yeah that's right and I
said I just one of the student leaders
that pull to the status I don't want you
just for a second to ask me how do you
think this will play out good for black
students right after Obama selected go
visit Liberty University's campus they
have on the wonderful Obama t-shirts
where they're proud of this new
president and they were literally run
off of campus they were threatened they
were harassed how do you think that will
go over and so what I find myself doing
is just literally put yourself in that
situation and tell me why this is that
different and then you get that pause
that moment by the way that's what
motivates me to do my work because
that's the way you influence the sort of
the narrative
yeah and how these young people think
you have to just stop and say I get how
you feel right now emotionally about
this but for just a second let's flip
the script and tell me how this works
and you're smart you're bright yeah tell
me how this works out that's that's
really part of what motivates me to do
the work yeah and that's what we need
more all right I mean because everybody
seems
hysterics hysterical over over emotional
steps like it's see like I can
understand that if I if I was black and
I wanted to go to a historically black
college and I got there and I thought it
was going to be 80% black and I got
there and I was like wait a minute I'm
actually still a minority here the the
emotional part I can understand it being
like this doesn't feel right to me but
then when you hear that and you go well
things actually are changing integration
is really this is this is all good this
is this is the purpose right freedom
prayed for right you know I often say be
careful what you pray for this is
exactly what we said we wanted is the
opportunity to choose kind of that's
what I can tell you that's what my
great-grandparents yeah that's what I
got in fact Thurgood Marshall himself
what folks don't realize this Thurgood
Marshall didn't choose to go to Howard
University Law School Thurgood Marshall
fact of the matter is applied to the
University of Maryland was denied
admission to that law school when I went
to Howard because it was the college for
black students law students for black
students and so you just have to think
about it he then subsequently brought
lawsuits to actually stop that very
thing again this was an anti HBCU the
message was I want to be able to choose
irrespective of my skin color where I go
to school so all of us should have
predicted that we would be right where
we are today yeah what I find is the
young folks just don't understand the
history and then the older people refuse
to tell the honest history so what's
going on there because I don't play
there is so much nonsense the media is
so complicit in this yes I I don't you
know and identity Pollock says has
become so rooted in everything that I
don't blame the young people who are
misguided yeah I want to get through to
that and all that it's the other people
that you're talking with the older
people and the academics that are afraid
to speak what happened there did you see
it change
I did I saw it you know and and where I
when I was in school you were encouraged
to be a little bit of a provocateur
always respectfully you never there was
no no one wanted you to go out and hurt
someone's feelings but we were
encouraged in law school for example to
look at things from all different sorts
of perspectives I was given a case once
where you'd have to represent the
plaintiff and then turn around and go
against that winner you know defend them
so we've just lost that in education now
and I got to tell you more and more I'm
talking to students who say you know I
feel a certain way but I know that if I
either utter those my thoughts even in a
question format in the classroom I'd be
attacked but from my professor it would
impact my participation in class Green
or that that portion of my grade also
and more importantly what do you say to
kids I say when they say that perhaps
you're at the wrong school I said you
got a boat with your feet College is not
about it's supposed to be a time to
explore and to grow if you already knew
what you needed to know to sort of live
in life and be successful then you don't
need to spend five or six years and
hundreds of thousands of dollars if you
aren't the same person that you walked
in the door at the end of your freshman
year then you were cheated yeah and I
tell them you should challenge the
institution and give you a better
education and sometimes that the way you
get better is to have to confront ideas
that you don't necessarily embrace you
don't understand them one situation that
that sort of comes up and I think it
helps my students a lot understand where
I come from I said you know listen I was
an employment lawyer early in my career
and at that time there was a big
question for example around whether or
not gay lesbian sexual orientation was
covered under Title 7 mm-hmm okay big
question gender and sex was clear if you
were being discriminated against on the
basis of something else than sort of
sexual orientation that wasn't covered I
actually brought those cases and made
those arguments I defended them that was
not the intent of the Congress and this
was ridiculous etc that gender is
something that's innate you're born that
way and well gay and lesbian maybe not
so much fast forward yeah what are you
early that's 1992 okay I think it's
important that's right to context that's
right put it in context now fast-forward
you began to evolve and grow you start
sitting down and getting to know people
who are different than you are or that
your family is or that you you just you
began to evolve and it challenges your
own notions of what is right and what is
wrong and maybe you conclude there is no
right or wrong here this is just life
that we're evolving as a human species
kind
even I've had to do that and there's so
many instances of that in my own life
and so when you begin to have
conversations in the context of the
classroom with students you see the
growth that's the beauty that should be
the beauty of it instead what I'm seeing
more and more davidís they're actually
retarding the grad students you're not
encouraged to think you come in thinking
a certain way your professors want you
to think a certain way your institution
wants you to think a certain way but
here's the problem the real problem is
then you go to work and you have to
confront the reality of you know you're
not protected in this bubble you've got
to live and work next to people who
don't look like you and frankly that's
the chalice is something that people
talk about a lot when they talk about
black colleges the only I don't question
the relevancy of HBCUs I think that's a
dumb argument it's a dumb question there
is a fair question
that is posed if you have gone to a
black elementary school middle school
grew up in a black community and then
you went to a black college the first
meaningful interaction that you can add
with people who are not black isn't a
workplace you're gonna be at a
disadvantage
yeah just practically speaking and so
you it has some downside tons of upside
by the way being a majority and minority
community black colleges give you a very
special and nurturing environment to
grow in but there's a cost to that yeah
is that just the natural evolution of
the way humans are that if you have a
legit grievance you may need a different
place or for Thurgood Marshall who did
not get accepted to the Maryland law
school so he needed a place to go to
completely legit in that time and place
but that eventually we if equality works
because the arc does bend towards
justice that eventually you slowly need
these things less it doesn't mean that
there's no use for them but you but a
lot of people are sort of addicted to
that original pain or instance or
whatever you want to call it like you
nailed it I mean that none of us it's
it's it's addictive I mean that's a
problem in weaning yourself off of that
is difficult and that's not limited to
black people or any group of people it's
just that you get used to it yeah and
this notion that we were to create
remember you
the concept of affirmative action was
supposed to be remedial mm-hmm it was
not supposed to go on forever right but
what happens is if you get used to it
and it's a benefit that a new verse to
you and people who look like you it's
really tough to one day say okay that's
done I have a seven-year-old daughter
and I you know there's a point at which
she's gonna come off of daddy's credit
card and she's gonna fight me
yeah if it's a teen if it's twenty eight
if it's 38 the day that I decide you now
have to leave the nest and figure this
out yourself if it's 38 came I move in
with you done right but you write your
lunch is something that that's um it's
even think about just in real life
that's the thing that I'm intrigued by
is I could not wait until I turned 18 so
that I could leave my nest to my mama
and my daddy's house and go and start
creating my own and I'm seeing some of
them for economic reasons but just
everyone sort of staying at home and
they want it's a very different world
that we live in right now and I'm
intrigued by it yeah how much of this
also is about the family in general
that's one of the things when I've had a
couple particularly in this case when
I've had black conservatives on you know
like larry elder talking about the black
family you just mentioned your mom and
your dad so i suspect they're still
married no they're not no okay so that
that's interesting but they were for
obviously most of us back childhood how
much of that structure is related to all
of this why then you can't necessarily
deal with outside influences or any of
that stuff so I struggle with that I
struggle with that because because of
the realities of slavery the black
community was always largely maternally
run mm-hmm dad and mom were separated
family the family unit in the
traditional sense didn't exist so and we
were successful in spite of that yeah so
I I'm not so sure that I thought now
would I
all day I think the value of having mom
and dad in the home and frankly at some
point grandparents and home to build
that in that I think it's incredibly
important but I'm not prepared to say
that's why everything is wrong as I
pointed out my parents ultimately got
we're divorced and all two have two
sisters we both went to college all
three of us rather we're successful have
