[Music]
alright let's shift a little bit to some
religions okay you are a Christian
conservative that's correct just that
phrase trigger is a certain amount of
people so first off what what is a
Christian conservative
yeah which always which always stuns me
so I do a lot of campus tour I'll tell
you a quick story a lot of campus tours
and I go through my litany of what I
call hard truths told by Charlie Kirk
and I'll say you know socialism is the
greatest killer of human in the last 100
years and I'll say free enterprises of
the greatest economic system ever and
then I'll say three words and it drives
them so crazy I say God is real and it's
like they just start shaking the left
they think they don't know how to handle
it and half the place loves it half the
place hates it I don't know why that's
so triggering so I'm a Christian first
and foremost I believe you know Jesus
Christ was the son of God and he came
down and we you know he died for all our
sins and we have a good documentation of
that and we could debate and discuss
that whatever but as a Christian I'm you
know I believe that you know we are
called to try to advance the kingdom of
God and the Ministry of Jesus Christ as
many people as possible and as
peacefully as possible obviously right
so that's how I try to live my own
personal life and make my own personal
decisions as a conservative I'd say let
me provide everything so I I don't see
you proselytizing religion though in the
public way I've heard you speak before
sure and I've never heard you push that
so I say it every so often when when
asked but I look at my speaking no
different than sometimes doing a job
right so a plumber electrician that is
not going to tell every person he turns
around the corner like hey have you
heard this Craig you know what I mean so
you have to you don't want to be too
offsetting and off-putting but I also
try to you know through my some of my
platforms you know talk about my
personal beliefs no matter how
triggering it might be to other people
and I'm like campus tours I try to you
know advance but of course I could
probably do a better job of it but with
that being said I would consider myself
more as a Conservatorium which I find to
be a new breed of you know ideology
which you and I talked about and some
people have already been labeling
themselves as such and I find no
contradiction between my Christian
worldview and my political philosophy in
fact I find great amount of you know
synchrony actually between what I find
would I believe theologically and what I
believe spiritually and religious
to also what I advocate for politically
which is essentially the non-aggression
principle and you know believing in
productive people and free societies
should be able to make your choices as
you see fit as long as you're not
harming someone else how did Christians
end up as so much of the but of what the
left hates because you can open up every
day another BuzzFeed article mocking
isn't it right Chris items and Mike and
HuffPo and the they all love the Bible
oh yeah them oh yeah it's nuts but how
did that happen well so I think what
happened is that Christian conservatives
fell for a trap that they really should
have rejected which is we might hold
these truths very near and dear to our
heart theologically and biblically and
spiritually and religiously but I think
where the line was crossed is in the 60s
and 70s and 80s where we tried to impose
those beliefs through government policy
where people then inherently have a
rejection to it similarly how people are
rejecting the left imposing their crazy
worldview upon us right I think that was
a big mistake because it created this
kind of counter-revolution which is I
don't want to have to live the way some
Christian and Alabama wants me to live
does that make sense so it's it's the
imposition of those values through
legislation and government which is
something I don't necessarily support
right so I try to always advocate for
everyone my political positions through
a secular worldview because that is the
vast majority of people and that's the
actual the government system that we
have all need to decided to create we do
have a separation of church and state
and we should support that with that
being said I can still have my own
personal opinions and my own personal
you know ways to go about changing
public policy but when we start to say
we should support this law because it's
the Christian thing to do that is I
think beginning that has turned people
off for the last 30 years what does it
say also about Christians that you know
we talked about gay marriage before that
there was a shift sure there actually
has been a shift now you're basically
arguing it's a political shift or
utilitarian yes you're just you're sort
of giving me just a realist argument
yeah but is that is there something else
going on there to where there is so
could be amazing tolerance to tolerance
and
yeah and here's the other problem with
Christians and me being a card-carrying
member of this community and I try my
hardest and I fail is and I'm around a
lot of these Christians and I sometimes
fall into it is this legalism right is
that I'm somehow better than you because
I'm a Christian and I really think
that's done such a disservice to the
Christian community especially the
Christian conservative community it's
this sanctimonious approach to lifestyle
that I find to be really off-putting to
a lot of non-believers and people say
well I don't want to be a Christian
because they're always going to talk
down to me or they're gonna make me live
by this set of beliefs so they think
they're better than I am it's a
number-one critique I get it's not that
oh I don't believe Jesus Christ is
actually the Son of God or I don't
believe the Bible you know those are
actually things I think that could be
ironed out it's more so like I've always
been talked down to her when I was a
young kid I was in Catholic school and
they gave me these 15 things I couldn't
do and because of that I rebelled and
rejected so I think this idea that
actually Jesus Christ advocated for
which is hey I dined with the tax
collectors I was best friends with the
prostitutes right like I never thought
that they were any better than the my
disciples right and I and of course I
don't live this out the best I should
but where Christians have gotten it
wrong is this fierce fire and brimstone
legalist thou shalt homosexual you know
like that's wrong man yeah that's not
that's not what the the teachings and
the evidence we have of Jesus Christ
life ever taught us he was welcoming he
was tolerant he was accepting he had
standards he was fierce when it came to
eternity in the standards of God but he
wasn't afraid to go chill with tax
collectors which were considered like
the lowest form of individual possible
in the Middle East during that time
right and so I think we as Christians
can learn a lot of that in modern
societies and when we wrap this thing up
you want to go have lunch with some
prostitutes I mean if they want to hear
about the good news of Jesus Christ but
even so right he's sometimes some people
are like oh you know but the point being
is we should we as Christians have to do
a better job of not being the
sanctimonious moral conjectures which we
get labeled at summit and so much so
when you see a guy like Shapiro or a guy
like Prager preggers more than my heroes
I love them Prager basically a secular
view at this point but grew up wertha
Docs Shapiro obviously is
observant religious there have been
Orthodox Jew you guys basically from
what I can tell agree on pretty much
everything politically you're obviously
more Trump than than Shapiro is pretty
fine on any given day Prager definitely
is more proton but this does any of your
religious differences does I know that
doesn't matter to you in terms of
poverty that's very obvious but just in
terms of like your humanity or the way
your worldview does any of that matter
here you know I've had wonderful
discussions of Dennis Prager about what
he believes theological II and I mean
look first of all I think Dennis Prager
is like the Yoda of the conservative
movement he's like unbelievably
brilliant told you isn't it I know
exactly he's he's fantastic and same
with Ben I mean I listen to their stuff
every single day and Prager University
does a heroic job but it doesn't bother
me at all but I always challenge right
so I I challenge you know religious and
observant Jews with some pretty good you
know questions I think cuz I'm very big
in the apologetics of the New Testament
and the Christian you know the evidence
for you know Christianity I ask
questions I'll say do you believe Paul
existed in you know II think Paul Osiris
existed and they'll say yes I'll say
doesn't don't you think it's kind of
like weird that a Roman Jew dropped this
whole amazing lifestyle and like went
all-in for this Jesus Christ thing and
then got persecuted put in jail six
times and then reverse crucified like
would someone do that if they actually
didn't believe this that's a provocative
question obviously right but I love that
and I love that kind of you know
discussion and look Paul said very
clearly in the New Testament bless the
Jews you know these are your brothers
there is no New Testament out the Old
Testament so we agree you know with the
Jewish people and all that and look I
think we need more Jews to actually
become more observant and to understand
the roots of the Torah and the roots of
what God commanded through Moses and
through David and the the major and
minor prophets and I have such great
respect for them because they've done a
great job of I think awakening people
that there are you know Jewish
conservatives out there and it's okay to
believe these things well it's
interesting because there's someone that
doesn't come from this from a religious
perspective I agree with the wider
principle that you're pushing here which
is that some of these minority
communities so in this case you're
talking about Jews but you reference
black people earlier which I want to
talk a little short that working with
Candace
but now I see it within the Asian
community I don't know if you just saw
in the last couple of days there's this
email that got leaked from Google where
they're basically were saying we're
gonna hire people but not white men or
Asian women will be treated like white
women or something something to that
horribly racist it's it's the real
reason it's real racism though yeah it's
this kind of like it's just there's this
ranking of oppression Olympics like
somehow your skin color makes you
somewhat more you know worthy of a
position and a company or in a
university because you've been through
more just because you look different or
the scary part especially for the asian
community is that your skin color and
the way you look is makes you less
worthy because you're gonna work real
hard and you're gonna have the right
decisions on the right decision i mean
make no mistake it's like an anti asian
american worldview that the left is now
essentially embraced it's like oh
they've been successful enough now we
must discriminate against them so we can
help the it's like it's it's it's it's
lunacy but going back to your point of
the christian conservative kind of
worldview i think there's a lot there's
a lot of us that hold these beliefs very
personal but also that's that's kind of
where we draw the line is you know we
have these personal beliefs and they're
gonna dictate how we want to live
individually but how do we advocate for
a society that allows the most amount of
people to advocate for their own
personal beliefs whatever they might be
as long as it doesn't harm someone else
so your basic argument i think you hit
on this a little bit earlier would be
that the part of the reason that europe
is crumbling which it is crumbling what
the West is crumbling except for America
yeah I mean we're so we're taping this
it's gonna go up next week but we're
taping this today is the three year
anniversary of well Charlie Hebdo was a
couple of years ago three years but
today was the day that they finally
caught the guy and then there was the
shooting at the kosher supermarket in
Somers and all that today a different
supermarket was burned down I mean this
is this is still happening in Paris
right now and this is happening all
across Europe we know what's going on in
Sweden all those your basic premise
would be that if they had held on to
some of their judeo-christian values
instead of trading them in for what what
do you think secularism essentially
statism right like you but yet you're
also a secularist which is an interest
well no but no I don't think it's not I
don't think it's contradictory because I
would make an argument
that actually the separation of church
and state found in America has helped
the church we still have the highest
church-going grades rates in the West we
still the highest levels of private
philanthropy have more churches opening
than ever before the evangelical
community is growing in most states as
Alan Dershowitz would say the separation
of church and state has been the best
thing for the church because it's not
imposed upon people it's not mandatory
as you and I both agree when as soon as
you start to tell someone to do
something it becomes a lot less sexy and
appealing yeah it actually want to rebel
against that you want to reject it I
would argue Europe through their social
welfare programs have deteriorated the
church as soon as they start to say
government is gonna take care of people
government is going to be the most
important thing in your life
government's gonna fix these vastly
complex social problems then all of a
sudden the church and the individual
becomes far less significant as Dennis
Prager says the larger the government
the smaller the citizen you're seeing
that play out in France and Spain and
Portugal and Italy where you have
individual philanthropy disappear where
you have business startups neccessity
totally evaporate and the final point is
what it really lends itself to is more
dangerous ideologies to take forms such
as radical Islam which is I think one of
the most dangerous widespread
ideological movements happening the West
that no one is talking about and here's
I can understand I mean you're a gay guy
I mean I would probably be worried if I
start to see you know radical Islam
start to take root in Europe right
you're a Christian I'd be worried too no
I mean trust me I'm on that program okay
they want us both dead my friend Yeah
right
I mean they and that's something I find
to be horribly inconsistent with the
left is they try to be the champions of
all these minority groups and all these
supposed to depress groups yet here they
are kind of joining forces with
countries and movements and you know
theocratic fascists in the Middle East
that give homosexuals flying lessons on
the top of buildings all right so then
how do we I spend I think a good chunk
especially the first year of this show
trying to talk about radical Islam
making a distinction between radical
Islam and the nominal Muslim person who
practices their faith privately however
they do just like most sure people I try
to separate Islam as a set of ideas
worthy of criticism as Christianity is
and you
service and republicanism and all of
that okay
versus people versus criticizing people
and treating people differently I think
a lot of people in our space have tried
to do that and you don't get a lot of
credit for it but okay fine I don't I
don't need bonus credit but how how do
we talk about radical Islam well in an
honest way and I do there is a
differentiation that needs to be drawn
but it also we also do need to talk
about the broader implementation of an
is of an Islamic government and
worldview
right so Islam as its core at its core
has always been and will always be tied
into the state and as soon as they can
demonstrate that they can be a majority
in a country and not be a theocratic
government then I'll start to cede some
territory against that so for example
Saudi Arabia right so if you are
Christian and Saudi Arabia you lose your
head if you're a Jew they'll find your
family and kill all of you that's
there's something wrong about that right
so I think we need to draw a great
critique of that same in a land which is
Shia and Saudi which is Sunni and
there's something really I think not
correct about in modern society that you
have obviously a Muslim majority country
and you know there's no Christians and
no Jews and no churches and no
synagogues there's something very
intolerant about that however people
that want to reform Islam I'm your
biggest advocates right people that want
to go through a reformation of you know
Islam and try to differentiate that know
Islam does not have to be tied to the
state and yes Islam can be tolerant of
Christians and Jews and gays and the
modern feminist movement and they should
be allowed to vote and drive and you
know be able to make decisions as they
see fit and not have to wear a full
hijab
I want those Muslims that succeed I'm
frightened that the more radical voices
which are in the tens of millions if not
hundreds of millions are actually
getting more more of an audience they're
they're they're creating you know
sectors of Europe that are quite
troubling that are advocating for the
advancement of these more dangerous
ideologies that support honor killings
and don't think women should have the
right to drive or to vote or to be able
to have representation in any sort of
form of government and so I think a
broader critique of Islam needs to be
put forth because they've been doing it
against Christianity for the last 100
years I walk into a lecture hall and I
hear about how important
and Christians are and how they're
terrible people find hard stop you go to
the Vatican a woman is allowed to wear
shorts and you know a cut-off t-shirt
you go to Mecca and you're a Christian
you get your head cut off I mean you
literally can't go no you literally are
not allowed they're literally not a lot
so there there's there's a discussion
that needs to happen where a broader
Reformation is necessary but the more
radical voices of Islam are actually
succeeding right now
you look at the most viral members of
the YouTube community in the Sunni you
know Saudi region though they're the
ones that are advocating for a holy war
and the extermination of Christians
they're the ones that are really taking
root we have to support we have to
reinforce and we have to really
encourage the more reformist muslims to
get a broader you know platform but i'm
just not seeing it yeah i mean i've
tried to do a little bit of it you know
