[Music]
on television they tell you that every
episode of every show is a very special
episode well in the hundreds of episodes
of the Reuben report I've actually never
said this is a special episode until
today
joining me is lubed Achmed a free
thinker and chemical engineering student
who has spent her entire life in Iraq
lube mill was a guest on the Reuben
report about two years ago via Skype but
right after our talk Ludo was subjected
to death threats and had to go into
hiding after two long years Lubner has
finally made it to the United States and
now today I welcome my new friend into
my home and into my studio lube nach med
welcome to the Reuben report thank you
for having me again and I'm very
grateful to you and for all the people
who helped in my case and for all who
had seen my first interview and you know
come to conclusion to think about things
again and about situations and you know
in my country and other countries around
in the Middle East yeah so thank you and
um I'm grateful welcome to all of you
know tell of years ago yeah
well I think a lot of people are
grateful to you to for having the
bravery to tell your story and and be
open be who you are even come here now I
mean the other one we did was was two
years ago and at the we reposted that a
few days ago so people have seen that
already hopefully if they're watching
this right now but when we did that
interview two years ago you had reached
out to me and I didn't know I didn't
know if you were legit I didn't know if
this was some sort of hoax or something
but then we Skyped privately and you
told me your story and then I talked to
my friend Faisal who obviously was from
Iraq too and then he talked to you on
the phone and he basically said to me
that if I won't talk to you
and that you're an adult and you have
capacity over your mind and can make
your own decisions that if I won't talk
to you that nobody will talk to you and
that you'll never get any help and
that's why we decided to do it
did you think that after we spoke that
it was gonna get so bad so quickly I
didn't think so actually back that time
I was more into talking I want I wanted
my my voice to be heard to the other
people around because situations in my
country are bad and for you know people
like me you know I'm good I have a you
know a very good family I was raised in
a in a very free space but there are
millions of people in my country they
have no rights they have no space to
even to think about themselves
so it was important for me to share my
story and to share my thoughts so the
other the other side of the world can
get you know a view and an image to what
are the situations in my country and
especially for women
because as you seen after 2003 when bad
and especially for women and for
children so for myself as an educated
person I was so you know I was abused
and treated badly in my society from my
people and you know by my religion so it
was very important for me to speak up
yeah how come it was so important for
you to show your face in the interview
because I remember when we talked
originally I said you know if you want
to wear a mask if you want us to blur
your face out and you said no I want
people to see me because because it's
very important for me see in York all
all kind of all kinds of people are they
have the right to to have their faces to
have their full identity without fear
you have the militias a groups in York
Hezbollah Dawa has been Sahar ocotilla
Hezbollah they you know they come up to
people with their faces
their identities and you have the other
side the terrorists in Iraq as well they
act you know freely in the country but
for people like me you know I didn't
hurt anyone I didn't you know treat
anyone in a bad way so why should I hide
my my identity I mean it's very
important for me to declare Who I am
because everyone has the right to
declare who they are and and and in what
they do believe in for me it's very
important to say that I am an atheist
because in my country everyone is
calling that we are Muslims we are
Sydney's we are Shia and we practice
what we want but for me it became in the
recent years very important to share my
thoughts yeah you mentioned that you
were brought up in a free space so your
mom who actually now is with you in the
United States you guys got here together
and you're living with your sister who
had moved here years before but although
you have two brothers interacts tonight
so your mom basically created a free
space for you to be able to think and
write you told me that you were reading
books by Sam Harris and Richard Dawkins
people that hopefully I'll be able to
introduce you to at some point because
because she's actually an atheist I mean
she started to think about religion from
an early age so she didn't go up in a
you know in our logistic space although
that you know her family were you know
it stricted with her you know but for
her she always thought that she's an
atheist and she tried to to raise you
know her children to be not atheist but
to think for themselves to have their
brain to work out because we were born
without knowing what is God is or what
are religions but we you know brought to
this world to our societies
the idea of God and the idea of
religions was forced into us for me I
didn't know what was God is until I you
know got to high school and you know we
have a classes that teaches Islamic you
know lessons till at that point I
started to realize what is God and you
know and what Islam is so my mom she I'm
very grateful to her because she's I
think she's my God for me huh that's the
yeah yeah this is what I think and what
I do believe in yeah that's a beautiful
thing yeah
it's interesting you talked so much
about why showing your face was
important all these all these bad people
basically get to show their face of them
and then the good people are the ones
that are shamed into it I always talk
about how I get so much email from
people in America a free society that
are afraid to say what they think while
living here which I'm sure is
mind-blowing to you like we don't really
understand the freedoms that we have
yeah I don't know but I mean America is
the land that I think it's magical it
you know it is fun and to protect the
freedom so how come people in here can
you know afraid to show their faces or
to share their ideas or their thoughts I
can understand that but for me I just
want to say something they won't they
might you know want to live one day 24
hours in my country I think that that's
the point that maybe make them try to
think deeply and the rights and the
freedom they have that I and people in
my country don't have any Ark everything
is is tracked you are not yourself in
Middle East in general you had to be
forced into something you had to be
afraid you have to
afraid of who you are you don't know
what you are or who you are until you
die but in the United States from what
you know I've been here six months so I
can see that sometimes I don't feel that
I you know I belong here because I do
miss a lot of things that I used to do
in my country but in other words you
know I enjoy the freedom that I have now
and I'm grateful to the United States of
America it's a very great nation and the
principles and the concepts this country
was built on is I think he's a
humanitarian principles from what I
learned about the history of United
States and I hope all the people and
American I think in in the Western world
and even in my countries get to see this
history so they can learn and they can
build we can build that you know the
future for the next generation we have
yeah it's so nice to hear you say that
because we do forget it here you know
and that's that's why when you reached
out to me that I thought this is
something this is a person who's
fighting for the same things that we're
fighting for here our fight is so much
easier and you were willing to put
yourself out there all right so we do
that interview two years ago and then I
think within almost 24 hours maybe two
days yeah you contacted me and said that
there were Hsieh militias basically that
had either seen the video or had gotten
word of the video and that you were in
trouble and then we had sort of spotty
communication for a couple months and
there were a few other people that tried
to help I know some people that watch
the show were raising funds to help get
you to a safe house and all that but can
you just sort of tell me about those
first few weeks I know your dealer
really was for almost two years but what
was that initial part when you heard
that people knew about what you
it well I was afraid not you know for
myself but for my family although I
asked my mom and you know if I can do
that you know I had the permission but I
was afraid for my family I didn't you
know I wasn't afraid for myself that
much to me quite honest because I mean
this is a case that if you're if I said
yes so I have to take the
responsibilities for that but basically
I was afraid for my mother and mainly so
it was very you know what happened yeah
how did you hear like what was the first
thing that you heard that somebody was I
went to the college actually and I saw
papers you know threats my name was
written on it and it says that death to
the atheists in Iraq that to you and I
took the paper and I turned that tear it
down and I went out of the college and
that's when I actually contacted you and
all the people because a lot of the
people in my community so that interview
and around my university and you know
the nearby universities actually they
even shared their thoughts on the
Richard Dawkins foundation some of this
students oh right because the the
Dawkins foundation had also posted the
video that we did so the video was going
along place and then it was hard we took
the video down but copies had been made
and we tried to contact everybody to get
all the copies taken down when did it
kind of escalate past that like did
anyone actually say a direct threat to
you in that initial yeah yeah a lot of
told me that you will go to hell we will
kill you eventually but did people know
you were an atheist before that I mean I
assume as a as a chem
engineer yeah community yeah yeah and my
college they knew because you know I had
a lot of discussions I mean I can't keep
my mouth I'm sorry shot yeah
I defined in America yeah I do speak and
I what you know every time I you know I
listen to them talk you know delusional
things I had to say something so I was
none for my thoughts and I shared a lot
of articles actually or I thinks in a
lieutenant BC treat by my name but I
didn't put my full name on it but I did
you know separate papers my name on it
just to say my thoughts the same I you
know I used to share my thoughts on
Facebook I used to always opposed verses
of Quran and you know explain it to my
friends American friends and other
people so I was known for you know for
being atheist and I faced a lot of
threats actually before the show
physical threats against me I was you
know once it slapped on the way my home
from my college actually by a guy in the
car and so and I was attacked several
times in my college so I was always done
so that's why I decided to go and you
know because it's there is no point of
you know keeping it silent for me I had
to speak up so yeah I can see it in you
I know you couldn't even if you tried to
not say what what do you think well I
don't know but for me it was important
and I think I want to say that American
people should now read their history
again and remind themselves that what
they have is very great I can't even
describe it in words
they should learn more about it and they
should protect the freedom because
America is you know for all of us for
all of the people who had their rights
gone who don't have any you know hold on
have any rights in their countries I do
think that it is very important to fight
for this country and to stop the Islam
disease to get into it this is very
important for me now so so alright so
suddenly you saw the the letters at
school people were saying things to you
yeah I remember we were trading some
emails and sometimes you didn't have
internet for days and you were moving
around and things yeah kind of tell me
what happened over the next couple
months you were put in a safe house for
a while I know at one point we had some
people that were trying to get you maybe
to the Kurdish regional area because
it's more western friendly there and
there are more Americans there what was
that whole year I went into I think I
moved around
I changed the places a lot how does that
even happen like how do you make the
contacts to know that you're going to a
place that's safe because I didn't know
I just moved around i disguised actually
to be quite honest I didn't go with my
phony face because I would be recognized
but I said meaning you were wearing the
hijab Italian yeah Wow yeah that's how
did that feel for you just knowing
everything with you well I felt nothing
to be quite honest and I'm coward at the
at the end because I do believe that if
you are if you believe in something you
would do it too the last thing that's
right but I pad because maybe because of
the positive feedback
I received maybe because I believe that
although that I'm a very tiny person and
and you know and that there are lots of
you know worse cases than mine but I
thought maybe I can stay alive and share
my my experience with a lot of people so
I think that's what drove me to put a
job and to disguise that just to save
you know my life and to be able to speak
up again yeah but other than that I
don't feel that to be quite honest um
special or or anything it's just um I'm
coward and I I lost the passion I used
to have back in my country now I sense
that maybe a new passion will be I don't
know we'll be starting while you're here
I don't know I used to put myself into
things I think you're doing that right
now and you know I was a stopped by a
lot of you know army soldiers there are
key soldiers for trying to take pictures
of some of the establishment for like
Harrogate Ansar Allah it's in Arabic
there is something like Hezbollah ok
yeah I tried to take some pictures of
their building so I can post it online
and I was started by some of the Iraqi
you know soldiers they told me this
dangerous to take that and they took my
iPad and delete the pictures but I get
the chance I got the chance to post it
it and keep carving my friend yeah he
posted that so for me I do put myself
into things not because I love troubles
no it's just because I wanted you know
share a view of the country that maybe
you didn't see get to see because I
a lot of reporting things they don't
tell you the whole truth about Iraq but
for me you know I can't tell you the
truth so yeah yeah I hope in the future
I might you know change my views I don't
know for now but hopefully yeah well you
just got here yeah you're just getting
your feet wet so to speak so you
mentioned Keith there's there's a couple
other people who we both know that I
don't know that they want to be
mentioned publicly so I'm just not gonna
mention names even though they all did a
lot of yeah a lot of good things but
what was it like to be in communication
with people a crow I mean there were
people literally across the world that
we're trying to help you as you were
yeah running it must have that must have
given you like some a little extra
glimmer of hope or something right yeah
and there are you know special people to
me I can't say names but one person who
put hoping you know in me and uh you
know I believed in him for several
nights I you know I even missed my own
voice I didn't speak I didn't say
anything I was alone and one person who
kept me alive and you know all I owe him
my life actually to be quite honest and
were you with your mom the entire time
that this was all happening from the
beginning now but at some point she got
into with me because she phased try it's
about me so she had to be with me
actually
so um I'm grateful to that person
particular one and all the people who
helped in my case and especially I'm
very grateful to you
I can't I'm grateful to you get the
moment that we talked and and you are a
friend and you're a family for me now so
yeah I'm very grateful to you and
thankful tn all the
people yeah David yeah well I'm grateful
for you two because this is what it's
all about you you're doing something
that right this very second you're doing
something that this is what people need
this is what people need to understand
if as you're saying if we're gonna
protect the things that are great about
this country when we have to hear from
people like you yeah and and the fact
that you were so brave in a place you
know we have people that aren't brave
while they're free and you're brave in a
place where you learn it free it's
incredibly inspired because the
situation's Drive you to because you you
have you don't have the right to be who
you are it's you know a kind of and.and
you know believing in yourself can drive
you to be to talk and to be who you are
for me it's very important from what I
learned about you know nature about size
it's very important to shape who you are
because every one of us has a unique
personality we don't have to be the same
we don't have to follow others to be a
picture of others or if I reflect as you
can say so for me it's very important to
share that with you people and for you
to protect this you know free space so
we can be creative that's what matters
for me yeah so all right let's get I
want I want to get to you're part of
your life in America so how did okay so
you bounced around from these safe safe
houses basically when did you get a call
or where were you when you realize that
actually you could get out because in
the midst of all of this by the way it
was everything happening with this
supposed the Trump travel ban and Iraq
wasn't on the list I guess it maybe is
on I'm not even sure right now where the
list I'm not even sure where that whole
thing stands at the moment actually but
I remember thinking and then we had lost
communication for a while and I had
reached out to some other people and
they didn't know where you were and this
whole thing but when did it actually you
start getting some signs that
right well it's um early and I think in
august-september from the people that
were in touch with me yeah so this is
lasso a little over a year ago yeah
2016 yeah and I was contacted by other
people through my email that I might
have an interview with you know for an
immigration status or something and it
does you know started and I managed to
go and do that actually it was hard for
me but you know I did it basically
because since I told you I disguise so
sometimes it easy for me to move this
you know disguised and I did it and I
think in in the last year but after the
travel ban everything has ended in
earlier in 2017 but another way so
