[Music]
as I'm taping this right now there is a
massive wildfire burning about 70 miles
north of here in Ventura County as of
just a couple minutes ago it had already
burned over 50 thousand acres and over
30,000 homes have been evacuated I'm
sure by the time you see this those
numbers are gonna go up significantly
here in Los Angeles there's soot flying
around all over the place and there's a
dark gray haze and deep smell of smoke I
just walked my dog for literally two
minutes two minutes and not only
couldn't I see all the way down to the
end of the block because of the smoke
but my clothes absolutely stink right
now we just finished up our interview
for this week with Jessica Flanagan from
the University of Richmond and although
we never edit for content on this show
we actually are probably going to edit
out a couple coughs and hacks as the air
quality in the studio is pretty bad
right now
ironically our interview had a lot to do
with Public Health so stay tuned for
that I don't mention any of this for
pity for me dealing with some soot and
some smoke today as much as how things
can be put into perspective pretty
quickly of course a quick perusal of
Twitter allowed me to see people saying
California's burning because of its
leftist sins and others saying it's
burning because of global warming and
lack of regulation yes even natural
disasters are political these days as
we're in the midst of the holiday season
perhaps let's try to be a little less
political as we run out 2017 the spirit
of the season is about joy and giving
not fighting and bickering yet
unfortunately it seems we do the latter
too a lot more often than the former to
these days the people being affected far
worse than me by these fires are on the
left and on the right they're pro-choice
and they're pro-life they're black and
they're white and they're Christian and
they're atheist it's not just good ideas
that can bring us together but also bad
events so let's not make them worse with
an extra helping of hate I'm gonna try
to be a little less partisan a little
more open and a little less political as
the year comes to an end I think I do a
pretty decent job of being fair and
open-minded in general but a touch more
of those traits never hurt especially
around holiday time politics is
important but it isn't more
port and then finding some room in your
life to be grateful to be decent and to
be tolerant my challenge if you're up
for it is to perhaps try being a little
more tolerant yourself in the spirit of
the season I know that your intellectual
opponents and sometimes even friends and
family members often won't make it easy
but I think it'll be worth the effort as
we wind down this crazy year whether we
like it or not we're in this thing
together and perhaps putting out some
brush fires now will spare us from some
major fires in the future
[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty this week and joining me
today is an assistant professor of
philosophy politics economics and law at
the Jepson school of leadership studies
at the university of richmond jessica
flanagan welcome to the Rubin report hi
how are ya do it well yeah let's learn
some Liberty it's kind of funny we're
gonna talk about a whole slew of things
here but medical ethics are involved and
act them as we are taping this at this
very moment there is a massive wildfire
about 45 minutes from here the smoke and
soot outside right now that's even
seeping into the studio at the moment I
was just sneezing right before we
started I can feel it in my lungs are
you are you feeling it at all yeah no
it's pretty intense out there yeah you
were you were gonna walk here from the
hotel which is only about four blocks
away and you were like no yeah I bailed
so there's something about medical
ethics or something with smoke and fire
or as you said right before sorry maybe
that's more environmental ethics perhaps
yeah I don't know what it is out there
but yeah it's a lot it's alright alright
so we're gonna talk all sorts of things
but let's start with medical ethics we
talk a lot about health care in America
and there's this sort of endless crazy
debate about Obamacare and Trump care
and Olson single-payer and all the buzz
words and phrases what do you think
we're really missing when it comes to
the general health care debate or what
do you think of the tenor of the health
care debate in general I think a lot of
what people focus on in the health care
debate is with regards to access with
health insurance like how
insurance we have single-payer a
free-market healthcare and I think
that's an important debate and that's
been the focus of a lot of political
philosophy and a lot of political
conversation about health care but one
thing I think we overlooked our kind of
clinical ethics like the ethics of what
happens and within that clinical context
within the system setting aside who pays
for it how we pay for it
things like pharmaceutical regulation
drug policy public health issues so I
think that a lot of times people will
sort of think about public health more
in an instrumental way of like how do we
promote the public health like what's
going to save lives and balance in terms
of public health policy but not asking
the broader question of should we be
involved in thinking about public health
as the kind of thing that public
officials should be promoting so those
are some things I think are overlooked
so things like regulation public health
ethics criminal justice and at health
like how those two areas of policy
intersect and the clinical context
informed consent and self medication
things like that things that happen in
the doctor's office yeah so I want to
dive into - all of those things for sure
so in terms of just the the general idea
of healthcare are you for having the
government have people buy into the
exchanges and all that one thing to say
about the United States system is like
here's like a place for like everybody
can totally agree like this is not the
ideal system I think you might not a
good system yeah whatever your favorite
system is I think this is like like a
non-ideal non-ideal solution yeah it's
like very robustly bad is there a system
that you look at elsewhere and say
they're they're really doing it right I
mean not really I think that a lot of
other systems have advantages and
disadvantages that we could learn from I
think that it's sort of a weird
historical accident that we have this
crazy Rube Goldberg of the health care
we have here I think that Australia may
be on the right track and having like a
kind of basic minimum but then like
markets on top although I don't my
impression is that they don't really
do like drugs the way that I would like
with respect to allowing more price
competition in pharmaceuticals but I
kind of favor a more market-based
approach is my own view but again
because we have a global marketplace
like the markets themselves are like not
ever going to be necessarily what like
your ideal of a market would be for
health care um but so you the first
question you asked was like should the
government be requiring people to buy
health insurance yeah I don't think that
they should I think that how having
health insurance fits into you know a
person's values isn't really a choice
that a public officials like well-placed
to make for everybody it might be the
case that you know people don't benefit
dollar per dollar for health insurance
as much as they do for just having the
money and so I think like a good
benchmark for like is this a good policy
is would a person benefit more if you
just gave them the money instead of like
spending the money on them or requiring
them to spend the money on a certain
things from their own money on a certain
thing I also have written elsewhere
about so that's like about individual
mandates or individual requirements to
pay into health care systems
mmm in particular I've also written
elsewhere about like employer mandates
so should employers be required to pay
for health insurance if they're they
have more than 50 employees for the
employees I don't think so
where does the 50 number come from I
think that's just in the Affordable Care
Act it's like it was I don't know how it
being implemented now but it was about
the time that I wrote that paper about
it right so the implication being that
if you're if you're that big at that
point then it's something that the
government should handle know that then
they could mandate that employers
provide health insurance over 50 yeah
employers and I think one thing I think
is that freedom of contract is an
important freedom and I think that when
the government says oh you and I we
could negotiate a contract but the
contract has to contain certain terms
like a certain wage or a certain
provision of benefits I think that would
violate individual people's freedoms of
contract and so I think people should be
able to make
agreements under whatever terms they
want for the most part and so the
requirement that the government could
say like well you have to pay people in
health insurance and that bad
requirement would fall on people who are
employing people who are already
benefiting them much more than any other
random people in the community are
benefiting there these employees I think
that that would be a violation of
Fremont contract so yeah I'm sort of
against both yes I have my gets them
individual and employer based mandates
because I think that we should trust
people to decide what in the cotton and
their contracts are in their personal
spending choices are best for them yeah
so in a weird way as at least a one-time
Obama voter right you voted for Obama at
least one yeah yeah that sort of puts
you a little bit at odds with Obama care
though
or not a little bit that kind of really
puts you at odds with Obama care
ya know yeah so is that something you
really struggled with as you were voting
for him cuz right I mean that's really
the landmark piece of legislation right
I mean that's that's the thing that
he'll most likely be remembered for the
most yeah I think you know why do people
vote the way they do I mean a lot of
reasons but no I disagree with the
Affordable Care Act right yeah so did
you make any sense of when they were
trying to pass Trump care or whatever
his version of did you know or now even
they're scaling back little bits of it
or they're defunding parts of it it's
hard to pay attention or not even pay
attention it's hard to track actually
what the real world resolution is with
this stuff did did you see any goodness
in any of that that they were scaling
back some of it I mean who's changing
like every week it wasn't hard to even
keep up when that was that health care
debate was happening my impression was
that it was worse for people in that it
like didn't really solve the fundamental
objections people had to the Affordable
Care Act but then it created other
problems in the markets and the
exchanges but so what so what are you
doing cases of if you let it completely
free market and you didn't have
companies have to do anything under 50
over 50 whatever it is what do you do
for all the people that will just be
left behind
all the people that were just going
we're either just flat-out dying because
they weren't seeing a doctor or the
people that were then going to emergency
rooms which we know the costs of doing
that are actually way higher than if
they had had you know care when when
they should have what's the free-market
sort of answer to that yeah it depends
on whether or not so oftentimes people
will say health care is a right and what
do you mean by that Bernie says another
thing right I believe it what do you
mean by right so you might think that a
right is always enforceable if somebody
has a right to something then they have
right against other people to provide it
to be clear you don't think it's a right
I don't think right well I just think it
depends on what you mean by right right
but I mean I don't
all right I mean we have the right to
life liberty the pursuit of happiness
really the right the Bill of Rights yeah
I don't think there's anything in there
that says you have the right to health
care certainly not an enforceable right
right that other people provide you with
it I'm skeptical of that claim and so
what would it mean for there to be an
enforceable right to health care what
would it mean for their beauty right
that you had to claim that another
person provide it with you well it means
that you could use the enforcement power
of the state public officials could use
their enforcement power to compel other
people to provide their compete reott
swith health care and then my question
about that is why health care like why
is the thing that people are required to
be providing their compatriots health
care and not something like a basic
income which I do support income or or
they could kind of decide how to
allocate their resources themselves in
accordance with our own value or
providing people with something like a
basic standard of well-being and then
like if you one until I provide people
with a you know set standard of
well-being a set of opportunities and
health outcomes it's not clear that like
having them buy health insurance or have
health insurance would be the thing that
would promote that mmm-hmm so it does
not even seem like health care is there
it's like health insurance is the thing
that people are saying is their right
and so in order to establish that
there's an enforceable right for the
public officials to compel people to
fellow citizens to provide other people
with health insurance it would have to
be that health insurance in particular
was this thing that was so important
like human autonomy flourishing and
well-being that it could warrant like
coercively you compelling people to
provide it now once we have that as our
bar like it was like this is the bar
like I think a lot of other things we
clear such a bar before health insurance
would I think it look like why for
example well a basic income for one I
think that like having some kind of
floor of material security we pry it so
basically once you've said this is a
right that we should have there's a
whole bunch of other things that using
that standard you think would be on the
list before health insurance right and
so if you think that there's an
enforceable right that people should
have health care you'd have to explain
in virtue of what do other people make
themselves liable to be coerced by the
government in order to provide their
fellow citizens with that right mm-hmm
in virtue of what value and whatever
value that is I would worry but there's
like a lot of other stuff we do putting
on the list before health insurance yeah
if they're also like a part of it that
it almost hardly sets people up against
each other in a weird way so if you take
good care of yourself and you exercise
and you eat right and you pay into the
system and you're healthy but then you
know you go to the supermarket and you
see someone buying a ton of soda and
eating horrible foods that's overweight
never exercising but you know that
they're going to be more of a strain on
the system than you and you're basically
paying for them you know and so it's
sort of it would make you sort of almost
angry at people for not taking care of
themselves because they there then
expending the resources that you're
putting into the system because you're
living better so to speak I do think
that there is sort of a link between
support for like kind of spreading
across the house of health care and
support for public health paternalism I
think that and I think that is the link
which is that people think that if
they're paying taxes to support programs
that are going to provide health care
for people that that gives them and
or a stake in the health of other people
right but then think it through so say
that you do think that health care or
health insurance is an enforceable right
then everybody has a right to it no
matter what
mm-hmm then people don't make themselves
preemptively liable to have their other
liberties limited on the grounds that in
virtue of their choices or permissible
choices they're gonna make it more
expensive to enforce those rights so by
that I just mean like say that you're a
person that just wants to eat like
Doritos and coca-cola all day which is
delicious
why do you college I'd be sympathetic I
do that you know and then people say
well like no you can't just do that or
you can't smoke cigarettes because if
you do then we're all gonna have to pay
for it well then you might say like oh
wait a minute
like who cares like you have an
obligation in virtue of my enforceable
right to pay for it anyhow and so like
you don't get to tell me what to do just
because subsequently you're going to
have to give me what I'm owed which is
high health care if you owe me $50 and
you don't like how I'm gonna spend the
$50 you don't get to write you know tell
me to change my behavior before you give
me the $50 I just think it could it's
not an enforceable concept but it's just
I think it would just cause resentment I
think in general like if you're just
like I don't I don't expend a lot from
the system I don't take a lot from the
system and here are other people that do
it's just sort of human nature I think
to resent like yeah just sort of resent
it yeah yeah yeah maybe I mean I don't
think that they should if they really
think that they have a duty to provide
it right well I don't know that people
really think it through all the way and
maybe a certain amount of people don't
think they have a duty to provide yeah
don't think I would do provide it their
issue isn't with the people eating
Doritos and smoking cigarettes their
issue is with being forced to provide at
other people with health insurances you
know a different gripe so either way you
don't have any kind of grounds to
present or to want to limit the freedom
of the people who just want to smoke
cigarettes named Doritos because like
which I feel like I'm like hating under
readers it's not maybe it's about to
read
everybody loves the Cool Ranch yeah
right but so I feel like you know if
you're a person who thinks health care
is a right then you have no grounds to
want to limit the choices to those
people because you buy your own lights
think that you have a duty to provide
them a health care whatever their choice
is all right and if you're you know
irritated by people making public you
know making choices that could be
prevented with public health paternalism
that you disapprove of on the grounds
that you don't want to pay for their
health insurance then what's doing the
work is really just that you don't want
to pay for their health insurance and so
then you also don't have any real beef
with people making bad health decisions
