[Music]
all right we are live on YouTube people
I have just returned from touring with
Jordan Peterson I went directly to Joe
Rogan and now we're gonna do a show
joining me today is neuroscientist
best-selling author and mysterious man
of Internet controversy Sam Harris
welcome back to the Reuben thank you
thank you how is that for any tro for
you mysterious man of internet if it
works as well as anything else in my bio
hat you seem to be somebody that wants
inner peace and yet constantly involved
in these endless i do enough to screw
that up it seems for reasons that i
can't figure out but is that a
scientific test for you possibly well
you know i've just i don't think we've
talked about this but i've pulled back
from social media to a big degree yeah
that is a variable that i mean i
obviously I'd heard that advertised to
me as a problem and yeah I had thought
about it and the abstract is a problem I
know you've gone you know off the grid
for a month or something but just I mean
I I've cut down
I was never using Facebook as anything
other than a publishing channel I never
got into comments on Facebook but I got
hooked by Twitter as you know and I'm
probably spending five minutes a day on
Twitter at most I'm just it's just a
surgical strike on Twitter just put
something out see what's there read a
couple article you know just find links
to articles that interest me so I mean
it's still a way of getting news but to
not to fundamentally not only not engage
but not even know what's going on on
Twitter has been a total reset of my
brain I mean it's it's a it's been
amazingly toxic in a way that I never
appreciated so yeah so I think my
audience knows my feelings on this that
it yeah it's endlessly toxic yet at some
level it's helped to connect all of us I
mean we originally connected through
Twitter these things kind of morph and
changing moments where they're much
worse and then suddenly they're much
better they also help you know help
start revolutions in the Middle East so
it's like not all evil but are you
afraid a little bit of getting
disconnected oh yeah they're like if you
know that you'll miss some of the
zeitgeist well I'm definitely missing
stuff
yeah and I'm I'm still trying to use it
strategically so I'm trying to use it in
precise
the way you just described with there
trying to get connected with people I've
reached out to somebody who's this woman
diakon who just did a documentary I want
to get her on the podcast I tweeted at
her I haven't spent enough time looking
to see if she's even noticed so it's
like I'm not totally paying attention
but the benefit has been just immense
because they I just realized I that is a
kind of it's a kind of hallucination
machine where you begin to think you
need to pay attention to certain voices
that in the real world you would never
see and they and I'm agnostic as to
whether or not these voices are in fact
consequential and you could sort of lose
sight of how your reputation is
unraveling online and you know just
start getting phone calls from friends
saying sorry that's happening to you
which i think is you know that's
happened to some people but yeah you
know for in my experience I maybe
there's some exception to this but
virtually all of my kind of substantial
controversial engagements on Twitter
where I've noticed somebody go after me
and then I've responded and then I
either I've done a podcast in respond
whatever that whatever that the however
that's propagated in my life
the net result has always been like
you're getting back to zero if you're
lucky yeah right it's like the whole
thing is a confection of having been on
social media in the first place and
you're lucky to get back to zero and I
mean the truth is someone like you movie
can name the you know the none of these
people exist in the real world I know
like like I mean they're not it's a you
know and I would never see them just
read in the New York Times for the most
part I certainly never see them in my
life and now it's just it's very strange
to feel like because someone had said
something about you on social media or
you know lied about you or spread an
article that was terrible about you
whatever it is that you then have to
somehow engage and and people you know
right like you know who was it
most recently Robert Wright just wrote
this you know idiotic Wired piece about
me right it's just like there's there's
not a single sentence in the piece that
needs to be responded to yeah I get
inundated with by people think well
listen you really got to respond
this is this is you know interesting and
substantial and it's nothing of the kind
it's like it's his attempt at clickbait
it's his attempt to provoke a some kind
of controversy between us on one of our
podcasts he reached out to me so I just
wrote this about you you know I hope
you'll come on my podcast or I'll come
on yours to talk about fishing yeah and
it's just it's a completely disingenuous
and insubstantial thing and yet paying
attention it is a kind of meditation
it's like it's you've become what you
meditate on yeah become what you pay
attention to and so checking Twitter 30
times a day or whatever I was doing just
built a new mind for me which I you know
I know I'm very happy to get rid of so
yeah I don't know I don't know that I'll
ever get totally off it because for the
reasons you suggest but I mean I I've
cut it down literally by 95 percent yeah
so I saw the interview you did with that
CBS News about a week or two ago and you
talked about how it's kind of making us
all crazy oh no that was an Australian
that was was that Australia's ABC in
Australia yeah so I saw that and you
said something about how it's kind of
making us all crazy and it was making me
think to your point just now that it
seems like we're almost living in two
worlds at the same time right now like
if you walk around staring in that thing
like I'm travelling a lot now so if I'm
like at the airport like I'm looking at
this thing you almost get disconnected
from the actual physical loop oh yeah
you totally do you start ending up in
some alternate world and to me that's a
little bit sort of where we're gonna end
up with with AI with all of these
they're all gonna kind of collide into
one thing that we're gonna end up in the
matrix or something like that yeah well
and you can be buried on your phone
obviously without being buried on social
media so you know I have taken it off my
phone which is a huge the kind of
gatekeeping function but what do you
know about how it changes our perception
of time because that that's actually
where I was gonna start with you because
we just figured out so the last time you
were on the show was July of 2016
basically two years ago which is crazy
and it sort of seems like yesterday to
me and yet it also seems like like 18
lifetimes ago and I think that maybe has
something to do with social media
changing the way we perceive time or so
think well I don't know I don't think
it's just social media I think it's just
I mean it's everything everything is
conspiring to make time go faster it's
you're getting older just the the the
the increase in novelty and just change
its that we have we're seen changes in
culture and technology that are clearly
accelerating so the world is different
over the course of more different over
the course of the year then it's ever
been I think that's that's objectively
true yeah but also yours getting older
so that every year is you know that much
less a piece of your the life you've
lived you know if you're if you're 40
you know at the next year's is 140th of
the time you've been around and then you
know that becomes 150th and so it's
subjectively shorter and yeah I'm a year
for me is like four months long now and
just yeah they just blast by so there
are a couple things I want to hit on
here we'll do a little bit of politics
and but I do want to talk about
consciousness and I want to talk about
your upcoming talks with Peterson and
obviously I've gotten to know his my
pretty well at this point inside
information that I should have at this
point I might I might be able to offer
you a little something and I think maybe
we can set the table for how many events
you do anything we're doing for we're
for the only of four we've spoken about
others but I think four is certainly
enough to see whether we can we can do
this so the funny thing it might be
three too many it might be for too many
you'll find out but the funny thing is
that I didn't know until I mentioned to
him last night when we were in Atlanta I
said oh you know I have Sam on tomorrow
is there anything on your mind that I
could bring up that'll sort of set the
table for this whole thing I didn't
realize that you guys have actually
never met in person know which having
listened to the two podcasts we have you
know you did on computer or on skype or
whatever that that podcast thing you
used that's kind of crazy that you guys
haven't actually sat there and just you
know looked in his eyes and not on this
does that feel weird to you that you're
gonna do all this publicly in that way
no well I've done a bunch of events with
people I've never met you know where
it's a podcast guest or you know some
what I'm sharing the stage with for the
first time and so I've actually I've I
know him better than several the people
I've recently done live events with
I've spoken him on the phone once and
we've done this to podcast so yeah but
yeah no it's it's obviously not optimal
to be having these conversations well it
selects for different things I think
there are people I think it's I think
Terry Gross of fresh air will never do
anything face-to-face I think she does
all of her interviews in even if you're
in Philadelphia I could could be behind
I think she just likes this or the
purity of the pure audio and it could
because the product is audio there's no
video component to it and I understand
that in the sense that if you're having
like it so so if we were just doing an
audio podcast now I mean now as a just a
pure audio podcaster I'm sensitive to
this you and I are having an experience
now we're looking at each other we have
various cues we know we have a sense of
how the conversations going yeah and
which can be misleading you because if
the final product is just audio you can
think there's stuff coming through which
isn't coming through and so when you
don't have any of those any of that
information and you just got the other
person's voice on the line you have a
very clear sense of what you're getting
and if you're not getting what you want
to be getting then you modify what
you're doing in some on some level so
yeah so yeah it's working for me but I
think it's as far as establishing
rapport with someone it's definitely not
ideal so and we've had moments where we
we could have used more rapport probably
yeah all right let's shelve the rest of
Peters head until after what what do you
make of this whole thing somehow the
conversations that we've all been having
often completely independently of each
other right I mean you haven't been here
for two years I've suddenly become like
the zeitgeist thing like you know Barry
Weiss wrote this intellectual dark web
article people think we have a card and
there's a clubhouse and the whole thing
as far as if there is I haven't been
invited right but that that whatever it
is we're all doing the conversations
you're having and I'm having and Rogen's
having and this whole crew of people
seem to be doing something that was very
needed at some level or another yeah
well I think we there's certainly a
diversity of opinion within this group
or
pseudo group about what's going on here
I mean we as you know we have not had a
meeting where we've agreed that you know
what about what this is yeah but is
anything we've had a quite half a
meeting where we disagreed on it yeah
and early that yeah and and did you see
Eric one signs video about just what
what this was and that and it's like so
a hundred percent of what he said on
that video was never anything that he
said to me or that you know it's like
this you know this is how he coined the
phrase in his own mind yeah why I just
brought him up onstage in Tempe at the
improv the night before and I think he
was high on comedy and just like I'm
gonna talk to people right right and so
I'm at da and everything he said very
interesting yeah and as you know I I
love Eric he's fantastic but here he
coined the phrase
on my podcast I think in on earlier
podcast but then it was reiterated in
this a live event we did with Ben
Shapiro right you mean that was odd cast
yeah and I no exaggeration I thought for
like 15 seconds about what I was going
to title the podcast it was just it was
just you know so it was a it was it has
always been tongue-in-cheek and if a
fairly superficial analogy for me and
but it but an interesting one in the
sense that there is the analogy to the
dark web is appropriate in that insofar
as there's this area where a lot is
going on that the mainstream media in
this case is basically unaware of I mean
then obviously there's many people in
the mainstream media and people who
consume the mainstream media where their
lists also listening to my podcast or
Rogen's or watching you so they you know
many people know we exist but people are
have been very slow to appreciate just
how big the audience is I mean Rogen's
audience is just north of you know and
you know but our audiences are absurd
compared to what's happening on you know
CNN for instance but you know I mean
Rogen's audience is like it's like every
episode is the finale of the Game of
Thrones right yeah it's just it's
completely and saying no one knows this
right like he occasionally brags about
how big his audiences but it's my sense
is that the people the New York Times
aren't aware
or people even CNN aren't aware that
they're in competition with me just to
take CNN is the most relevant comment if
you get invited to go on Anderson
Cooper's show tonight and give an
interview you're gonna get six minutes
you know the best-case 12 minutes to try
to make sense and try to not embarrass
yourself within a within a frame that is
really rigid it's not me the time
pressure alone modifies just what kind
of conversation I don't have there and
in primetime you're gonna go out to a
million people at best with Anderson
Cooper and how many are actually
watching the television to me the
televisions on in all sorts of rotations
that nobody's even watching yeah yeah so
maybe you know I count my audience it's
something like a million people and as
hard as you know to get great podcast
metrics but Joe's is probably 10 times
that per episode if not more so I mean
you're talking it so and and in those
cases you're talking about two and three
hour conversations that people are
actually listening to and forget about
what it's like to be the host on a show
like that the the opportunity for
someone else to come on and have a
conversation and and make sense and
correct themselves and go through the
whole warp and woof of a genuine
conversation that isn't unnaturally
bounded by a time limit of I mean I
noticed the difference between a
hour-long radio conversation that gets
ported to put a podcast where everyone
just knew clearly this they had to bring
this in at an hour like even that
defines the conversation and so I think
people are very slow to wake up to how
those two things like a big audience
with an unlimited time for a
conversation changes and also just
different you know incentives with
respect to funding of these things
because you know there's no one no one's
gonna fire Joe Rogan yeah Sam Harris I
gotta fire Cyrus yeah no not well well I
fired my my Twitter director yeah but
it's and so that that part of the
analogy is interesting because it's
allowing for a very different style of
airing ideas and and the substance is
chain
you know and so and I think people value
it I mean you you you know when you're
listening to one of our podcasts that
you're getting a a much less paranoid
much less circumspect much more
open-ended sir a search for sanity and
and and you know got kind of convergence
between you know dudes in some cases
radically different opinions yeah then
you're getting in other media I like
that open-ended search for sanity
because I think we've all tried to
figure out what are the commonalities
here because right we've got I mean you
and been basically disagree on every not
only pretty much every political
position not not everyone but 90% of the
political stuff you and ben shapiro but
of course also the existential stuff and
religion and all that stuff and yet you
guys are basically allies in that you're
defending the ability to have that
disagreement that seems to me to be the
thing that we're all doing like we here
we respect our audiences but more than
that we're respecting the ability for
people to sit here and disagree about
things that we have a couple political
disagreements that i want to get into a
little bit but to me those disagreements
aren't even that important as long as
we're defending the ability to think in
question and and i think that's what
we've all sort of done even though we
all came at it from very different
places yeah and then the master variable
for me is a good-faith disagreement so
it's like we're like I'm actually
concerned to get your position right
yeah and again some of this does I think
boil down to not having a time limit to
it's like I can take the time it doesn't
matter if we like what you know with
Peterson and I we can burn the first
hour
yes understanding one another right you
know or even blunder let me be the first
whole podcast then we do another podcast
would you so it's um it's well whereas
in any other format you just you don't
have the time to wonder whether or not
you're wrong about what you think the
other person just said and then you add
to that there's there's a kind of a
cynical point-scoring
that is just politically motivated that
you know is omnipresent and in
the usual context it you just have
people who are actually not having a
conversation it's just I'm gonna say the
thing that I think it's gonna make you
look bad
in the 45 seconds we have left yeah
that's the situation you're virtually
always in on television and and people
feel it and it's just like that no
wonder we're not making progress having
conversations about hard topics yeah
well I think we're making progress that
reminds me can you just quickly recap
you mentioned talking on your podcast a
couple weeks ago about how when when
Shapiro and Jordan were here that that
Jordan sort of misrepresented a position
your position sort of on truth and that
Ben then subsequently on Twitter
misrepresents I knew contacted both of
them and cleaned it all up and everyone
was good to go can you just recap that
real quick cuz I think sort of also
