[Music]
all right people this is my last direct
message of 2017 so hopefully I'll make
it a good one last week we put up five
shows in five days for Ruben Report
YouTube week this week we've gotten I
sit down with former National Public
Radio CEO Ken Stern and next week we'll
be highlighting some of my favorite
episodes of the year today's direct
message is going to be quicken to the
point with the incredible gratitude and
a humble heart I want to thank all of
you who helped make 2017 such a
memorable year here at the Rubin report
the ride to get here from 12 years of
stand-up comedy in New York City to my
pop culture radio show at Sirius XM to
hosting on The Young Turks to joining my
friend and mentor Larry King on Ora TV
and finally to this independent show
funded by you has been a long and
winding journey one which I wouldn't
trade in for anything it's only been a
year and a half since we made the move
to independence and as some of you have
heard me say the night before we
launched on patreon I literally thought
that my career as well as the careers of
my team might actually be over
fortunately within hours of launching we
quickly realized that not only was it
not over but we were just at the
beginning in the 18 months since then I
bought a home in which we built this
totally professional home studio we
expanded the team behind the scenes the
show absolutely exploded with almost
400,000 new subscribers and most
importantly we've continued to have
honest civil conversation that hopefully
has left you feeling a little more
enlightened and a lot less alone this
year we did an on-location shoot with
ayaan Hirsi Ali I interviewed Richard
Dawkins in front of a live studio
audience in New York City we helped put
important voices fighting for academic
freedom on the map like Jordan Petersen
Brett Weinstein and Lindsay Shepherd we
hosted a conversation on religion and
morality with Dennis Prager and Michael
Shermer we introduced you to incredible
voices fighting for liberalism like
Yasmin Muhammad and Lube de Achmed we
also introduced you to some previous
guests like Peter bagozzi and Eric
Weinstein and GAD said all of whom who
are great guests but more importantly
have become great friends of mine as
well and of course we also hosted the
infamous debate between
Blair White and Candace Owens which got
me trending on Twitter for the first
time in my life hashtag save Dave your
support also allowed me to take some
time off in August to work on my book
and take 30 truly life-changing days off
the grid in an age when we never get off
our devices when we're slammed with news
about terrorism right after we scroll
past a cat video and a picture of your
high school friends kid you guys gave me
the greatest gift I could possibly ask
for a little time to reset and to
rejuvenate and in exchange for you
giving me some of that precious time we
made sure to have all new shows for you
throughout August ready to roll while we
were gone I've got a long list of people
to thank for making everything happen
here but I have to give personal
shoutouts to David - a mirror - Alexis -
Talia and even - Emma there's an
incredible amount of work that goes into
producing these shows and the only
reason that it looks so easy is because
of the team that I have making it look
just that way I also want to give a
special shout out to those of you who
provide us with monthly support on
patreon and on PayPal or who have done
one-time donations via Bitcoin your
support not only keeps us independent
but has given me the luxury of saying no
to several big-money offers this year as
long as that support remains I see no
reason to change that and I promise that
I will do my best to make sure that your
continued support is well worth it and
of course thanks to all of you who watch
share and like these videos we've never
put a dollar into YouTube ads but the
show continues to grow because you
helped it do so the emails that I get
from you saying how you're putting the
ideas we discuss your into action or
changing what you believe because of
something you've heard or just talking
to people in a new way because of the
tone we've set here is incredibly
inspiring and I'm sorry if I don't write
everyone back immediately trust me I'm
trying so thank you thank you and thank
you this time of year is when we give
thanks and show gratitude and it's all
of you who have given me so much to be
thankful and grateful for I look forward
to kicking off 2018 with you soon enough
but in the meantime Merry Christmas
Happy Hanukkah happy New Year and may
the force be with you
[Music]
joining me today is the former CEO of
National Public Radio and the author of
Republican like me how I left the
liberal bubble and learn to love the
right kenster and welcome to the Rubin
report thanks Dave thanks for having me
on the show
you left the liberal bubble and have
survived I did you're a survivor so live
on 94 percent Democratic ninety-four
percent Democratic Ward in Washington
you see 100% Democratic household
increasingly concerned about this we may
kick you out of the house so under
debate and my 10 year old son booed my
first television appearance when the
book came out and I've been crease ly
concerned about sort of the polarization
how much we hate the other side often
without really knowing the other side so
I decided I'd spend I'd do something
about it for myself
recognizing I am in a bubble like all of
us are I wanted to spend time as much as
I can
it could trying to understand things
from some things from the someone else's
point of view and that's been a year
traveling the country communing with
conservatives with Republicans really
trying to see things from their point of
view
yeah and that did survive so yeah or we
get well you've survived so far let's
see it let's see how this hour okay and
there's a lot that I want to talk to you
about because even the use of the word
liberal in the subtitle I think is
interesting because I always talk about
the difference between the left and
liberalism and and a few other things
but first let's just find out a little
bit about your your back story what we
are doing that led you to be the the CEO
of NPR so I've spent a good part of my
career in media spent on some
international broadcasting Voice of
America and joined NPR in 1999 first as
chief operating officer and then
eventually became CEO and was there
during it for about a decade have spent
time in almost all the unpopular
professions there are law politics and
media so
thank you from EDC all right so the
whole thing here yeah so there's there's
a lot to dislike about my background
parently for most of the country tell me
a little bit about just the NPR machine
I know half my audience the my audience
that leans right is probably hearing NPR
and they're going oh I like this guy
because he left the bubble butt but NPR
like raises some flags for them and then
my audience on the left is going NPR
they're the they're the the new Bible of
truth and all that tell me a little bit
about just the ecosystem of NPR so
impera interesting place it is a really
collective of public radio stations from
around the country so NPR is a company
which I ran for for a number of years of
journalists and similar people it's
essentially a news organization but it
is connect to do 500 public radio
stations around the country so it's
unique in the sense that you know most
of its reporters are located Washington
see in similar places but you can go to
virtually any community around the
country the wilds of Alaska you'll find
public radio stations which I think
makes it sort of a unique place yeah do
they have any other connection the radio
stations other than that they fall under
the NPR well there are there all part of
the nut NPR they're all part of the
public radio system and the thing that
often people key on is that they are not
through NPR through the corporation
public broadcasting the recipients of
various federal funds support their
operations yeah what does it say that if
we were to look at all of these radio
stations that I would guess that
probably every single one of them leans
left yet they're funded by the
government so this isn't this isn't a
nonpartisan radio operation really right
yeah so I've made myself somewhat
unpopular in public radio over the last
few months by saying two things which I
think you can hold in your head at the
same time I actually have a lot of
admiration for virtually all the
reporters I know at NPR and poetry or
stations they try to do tell stories
from both sides they're dedicated to the
craft of journalism sometimes I think
they are often even to almost metronome
like and here's one point of view here's
another and so I think it is appropriate
to acknowledge that they are serious
journalism doing journalists trying to
be balanced and fair to appropriate a
slogan from Fox right I think the
challenge that I raised with emoji made
me unpopular is they all probably not
offer many of them come from the same
these are self-perpetuating
organizations they hire people who are
like them who tend to think like them
came from similar backgrounds all
problem many of them I think if you took
our census of them you'd find very few
vote for Donald Trump right it's funny I
can see how carefully you're trying to
be with your words that you don't want
to say all and of course you don't mean
every employee there but probably the
vast vast majority if not 90% or more
are progressives I think is basically
what you're trying I think that a
probably right and so I mean so I think
the challenge is not that they're
progressives but there is a consequence
of group think about what stories are
important what what policies are right
and wrong what what voices should be on
the air and I think that's a real
challenge for a place like NPR and
really for mainstream media as a whole
you know it's what I said to the folks
at NPR was you know they would never
think of covering racial issues only
with white males no matter how good
those white males are and really should
be the same with with politics they
should shouldn't cover it only with
people who largely come from a
progressive background no matter how
dead hear the craft of journalism there
what kind of racial they should be made
where well it doesn't matter I just mean
any sort of you know if they wanted to
cover you know if they had a beat on
race in America right they would not
only have they wouldn't just wouldn't
have whites on it white males only on
and they shouldn't it shouldn't cover
gender issues on okay with men I mean I
think you need to have people of
different backgrounds and different
ideas to have the right type of creative
tension that a newsroom needs right
you're not saying exclude those people
you're saying there's no of course not
all right I'm all for white male last I
checked yeah you know they it's it's
it's that you need to have divert not
only diversity of gender and race in in
newsroom you have to diversity of ideas
and backgrounds yeah so where were your
politics so you started there in 99 were
you a hardcore lefty were you a centrist
yeah liberal there I don't think a
hardcore person to write the book I'd
and take the experience but I spent time
to democratic politics on the real life
for Bill Clinton I think you know I
think I say in the book my voted
straight Democratic ticket except for I
think I probably voted against Barry and
Barry and there's various quest to be
there for life and that's about it so
the crack arrest was too much for you
that's where you drew the line with
Marion Barry yes that's right that's
right
yeah so when did you sort of start
realizing that there was this
ideological lockdown on alternative
opinions there you mean it so I think
there's an alternative lockdown and
ideas generally yes does not make this
about NPR one place because I think
that's unfair because what has happened
in this country is we've all become in
our own bubbles liberals conservatives
and it's it's a product of a number of
different things that's going on it's
really quite extraordinary it's we now
choose where we live based upon
political ideology and try to find
homogeneous neighborhoods politically
homogeneous neighborhoods it didn't
exist before our political parties are
increasingly political homogeneous
they're no such thing as conservative
Democrats or liberal Republicans anymore
they don't have homes yeah where's the
dog Democrats go they guys that I would
love to be voted right they died I mean
the Blue Dog caucus was quite important
15 years ago now doesn't exist anymore
there is no Democrat who is more
conservative than the than the most
liberal Republican and vice versa
they're the Venn diagram does not meet
anymore in the Congress and now we've
our all of our own media right so
conservatives Gillison Fox or any other
or Rush or any other place Democrats had
liberals and progressives have plenty of
choices that fit their own and it's a
credibly destructive and it means we're
all increasing their own bubble and when
that happens it's not that we actually
begin to disagree more becomes easy just
easy to demonize the other side when you
don't know them well you don't hear from
them when you don't dialogue with them
it's really easy to hate each other and
that's what's happened this country we
really hate the other side in ways that
are very different than 15 years ago
well I think that's why I do this show
and why you wrote this book yeah but
before we get out of the fully the the
radio part yeah you mentioned Rush why
does it seem
that right-wing radio so rush and Glenn
Beck and Michael Savage and the list
goes on and on seems to be commercially
viable gets tons of listens and all that
and left-wing radio it simply doesn't
work outside of what's funded really by
the government so Air America was a
catastrophe
right right example I don't have a good
answer that so let's let me admit up
front I don't think it's good answer
I'll tell you what conservatives will
say they will say I don't think this is
either I think it's a little bit of
truth and a little bit of falsehood in
is what liberals find a home a place
like the New York Times and NPR they're
comfortable with him there their needs
are met and they'll say that Rush and
others sessile because conservative
needs are not met in mainstream media
yeah
and that's you know I'm not gonna make
it equivalency between left and right I
think that's a false equivalency in
terms of media and how they operate but
it is clearly true when you look at the
the psychographics of the of the readers
and your times or the listeners NPR they
come primarily from the left yeah when
you hear people on the right it's
usually people on the right say well why
are we funding NPR I mean why is the
government and even funding public radio
at all at this point and especially if
there is an ideological bent to it how
do you respond yeah again I don't want
to let's not take this too far because
that ideological bent is it is right in
sort of an unconscious way a
subconscious way it doesn't have I think
no one sits at NPR ordinary we didn't
used to and says you know let's tell one
side of the story and not the other yeah
I suspect that's actually not quite true
I mean I think they're in their bubble
as you talked about here so much that I
don't know that they're consciously
doing it but they've sort of decided
what yeah I think it's everything I
think it's a fair criticism right but
there's a difference I mean there's a
very significant difference in how
mainstream media works and conservative
media works unless there's new knowledge
without sort of attributing anything
good or bad to it and some knowledge
that they come from a different place
and a different sort of journalistic
ethic you know a public fraud funding
for broadcast public broadcasting is an
artifact of a different era you know
they they they started in 1970
when there was no three networks and
there were just no real alternatives to
those three networks and a handful of
newspapers and it was really important
that the government as they do in
England in a lot of other places support
the public radio and public televsion
and they exist I'm probably true that if
if Paul grade and Public Television did
exist no one would create it now because
there's so many different outlets the
reason is I think it's interesting
though to actually explore the reason
why public broadcasting funding still
exists it's not because of NPR and PBS
it's because of the local stations the
people who you know don't bang on NPR
and PBS but those at least in my day the
people who actually stood up for public
broadcasting and when it came to
probation time it was Ted Stevens as
conservative a senator you ever get from
Alaska because he didn't really care for
NPR more psp2 but he loved Alaska
problem casting and he knew that that
was Alexia lifeline lifeline brought
service to parts of Alaska that didn't
get content local news and others and
that's why I think it still gets pokes
but spoke support not because of like or
dislike for the National content
providers that's interesting I don't
know too much about Ted Stevens
specifically but I wonder was he
fighting would he been okay with well
let let's the state fund it then you
know not instead of the federal
government or is this all funded I
assume is it is a partnership partly
with the states with put ups it
so public broadcasting is complicated
but yeah state we don't have to go to do
you think it's interesting
relative to so many not all many
broadcasting stations get significant
support from local jurisdictions whether
it's a state or a municipality
yeah so even though he probably wasn't
thrilled with what they were putting on
air he just wanted some of the federal
funds that helped allow it cuz he liked
it for his state's purposes yeah he knew
it was a lifeline service to Alaska and
Wyoming and other places like that they
don't have major media markets that's
really who and that's where the money
goes is to those stations right it's
interesting because the world has
changed so much obvious so 1970 and the
idea that the government I mean
me and I get access to me streets great
and I was just watching it with my niece
a couple weeks ago but the idea that the
government is funding any of these ways
that we get media now it seems very
archaic to where we are in 2017 it is
you know the interesting to think about
and we could spend the whole hour
talking about it and hope we don't get
my book yeah we'll get there but if
federal funding went away tomorrow on
the radio side I know much more about
rare than television
