[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right Wow when you get back on the
grid you really get back on the grid we
are live for the second time today I am
the guy on the show wearing the shirt of
the show I'll get into that a little bit
more in just a second but I wanted to do
just a live stream just directly with
you guys it was great to sit down with
Ben and I knew that was gonna be fun I
knew who's gonna be kind of cathartic I
knew it was gonna be a little nutty it
was just gonna be a little bit of
everything because after not ingesting
the news since August first about 34
days obviously I had missed a lot but I
also had time personally to kind of work
on some things I wanted to work on clear
out some space in my brain
there was a one-week period so actually
the last week so all of last week before
I got back on ended up being a workweek
I wasn't on my computer and I was and
you know I wasn't doing anything
obviously on social media or emailing or
that kind of stuff but I was taking a
couple phone calls and we were doing a
lot of work here because as of today we
launched a new website Dave Rubin comm
which we had been trying to get for at
least 10 years maybe 15 years there's a
Dave Rubin in the middle of the country
somewhere who had this family website
but he slowly wasn't using it or he was
using a less and less over the course of
a couple years we're finally able to get
that from him so we now have Dave Rubin
comm so all things Rubin report you can
still go to Rubin report comm it's gonna
send you over to Dave Rubin comm and all
things Rubin report will be there you
can find out more about the show you can
also find out my live events I'm back
into stand-up again I'm on tour with
Petersen actually I leave tomorrow
morning to head out to Rochester
tomorrow then Long Island my home island
on the six then we're up in Connecticut
then on the eighth I'm doing an event in
New York City with with faysville Muhtar
who's been on the show and with Eric
Weinstein a couple other people I think
Melissa Chen is hosting that one anyway
there's just a ton of stuff going on it
was just incredible to be away for a bit
you know like I saw a couple people on
Twitter I'm actually only looked at my
Twitter mentions once or twice today but
I saw a couple people like oh how can
you say you're like a news person or in
the news or whatever and take time off
from all of this like you know
it's not possible and it's like actually
I feel I feel more clear on things now I
sense like a little bit of clarity with
some things and I think getting away
from the noise is as important is as
important as being part of it all the
time and I think everyone could use a
little bit of an escape more I think
part of the problem right now is that we
don't have enough escape so yeah so
launched a new website we redid the set
which was a tremendous amount of work so
we wanted the set to look a little bit
more like my my house itself we want it
to be a little more a little more slim
and trim America we've jumped to the
wide shot for a second is that possible
while we're doing this so we look giving
me a signal we can't do it okay we can't
do it that's alright all right well what
we're gonna do is I'm gonna talk a bit
about patreon in a second and we'll do
some behind the scenes video stuff on
patreon that'll that'll show you that
we're gonna do a picture we're gonna do
a picture okay yeah so we wanted to set
just to feel a little more a little more
minimal I love the set that we had
before we had it for about two years but
it's good to just freshen things up so
we've got new artwork on the wall the
picture that is behind me and behind the
guest or done by cailin rosa janet who's
done a bunch of artwork for us and i
have a lot of her art in my house these
shelves right here I don't want to brag
people all right you can bring it back
to her you know yeah either way the
shelves over there don't want to brag
but they are from Ikea and I do have a
bunch of them in my house in the middle
of the thing there we've got some of my
old stand up tapes from the late 90s
we've got every book that is now on the
set by the way is a book of a guest of
the Rubin report we thought that was
pretty cool before we had a mix of just
some other people who have influenced me
in things we have new carpet new table
new chairs we changed some lighting
things so basically it was just like a
big reinvestment in all the things that
we're doing here I think it's good to
just say I think it's good to reinvest
in things I think it's good visually
just to mix things up and I think I just
wanted I just felt like doing something
fresh after taking a big a big break
like this so a new website new set you
may have noticed we have a new theme
song so I found so one of the things I
was doing when I was off the grid
was I was listening to a lot of music
and I've lately really really been into
non vocal music so just you know like
music but no singing no words I get it
you love a girl you lost a girl okay
it's all good so I've really been into
synth Wave lately which I really liked I
always like these sort of long melodic
sort of futuristic II but kind of 80s
throwback music interludes that you know
the movie oblivion I really love the
soundtrack Tron the movie I love the
soundtrack you know there's a bunch of
this stuff out there so I was really
into synth wave and I came across this
guy Marvel 83 and I just loved
everything the guy was doing it was just
while I was away
it was just speaking to me the tenor of
it the tone of it it felt like sort of
real but also thoughtful and decent so
there was a song by him which you can
check out on YouTube later called Venice
Beach and that was the song that I
really wanted to be the theme song and
we laid it in a couple of times we
couldn't get it quite right so we ended
up going with another song called
every evening which I did just as much
and he's kind of sampling his own song
from that and he's a great guy and we
chatted a bit he's in the Czech Republic
so Marvel 83 if you're watching thank
you for the for the song so we
reinvested in all that and as you can
see we have a new graphics package so
the the video that you saw when we came
in and the lower thirds as we call them
in the guest name pop up and swipes and
all kinds of other stuff is all new but
the real big thing and then I'll take
your questions and I'll talk a little
bit more about being off the grid and
that kind of stuff the real big thing
that we relaunched today was we
relaunched our patreon now we got on
patreon in June I think of 2016 and I we
were basically the first of these sort
of political talk show things to be on
patreon it was a lot of video game
things it was a lot of more anime stuff
I don't know that kind of thing and we
jumped in and and I've told the story
before but the night before we launched
and we had we had left our jobs at aura
TV
we left our salaries and insurance and
the whole thing I said to David and Amir
I was like look this thing could go bust
tomorrow like maybe we really just
screwed up and I don't think we did but
we shall see and within hours of
launching we realized that we
gonna be okay and the show has grown
exponentially since then we've expanded
the team we just had another hire
actually over the summer which is thanks
to you guys on patreon so we just hired
Helen who is now my assistant and
assistant to the Rubin report and she's
just great and I'm sure you guys will
meet her at some point as well and and
we're still looking to expand beyond
that with some graphics people and some
other things so the show has just grown
and grown and grown and I'm really proud
of what we've built and what we realized
though was we wanted to clean up patreon
because we were in so early that we did
some things that maybe we wanted to do
differently you guys know I do this day
I do an 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. day once
a month where I do these one on mostly
one-on-one chats with people who are the
very high tier people and we realized
that because I'm on tour with Jordan
Peterson now and this is basically we're
rolling into 2019 on this I'm about to
do another like 50 stops with him 16 in
Europe which is all on Dave Rubin calm I
don't think the European stuff actually
is there yet because we're finalizing I
might miss one or two in the middle but
we've got all our dates on there and
stand-up dates and all that but the
point is we're expanding we're building
everything we're doing and we felt that
I was just I didn't have as much time to
do the one-on-ones and we wanted to
change the tiers so in many cases if you
are on patreon and you're one of our
patrons you are now getting more for
less we're going to try to make the live
streams and the AMA is this kind of
thing a little bit bigger and more
engaging but also one of the things that
I really realized when when we were off
the grid was that look everyone looked
the Internet's great social media it's
all good you know we can complain about
it all the time and obviously we all
have issues with it and people are
seemingly acting crazy and behaviors
online or leaking into real life and
okay all that stuff but I do think that
overall the the conversations that are
happening this is a net good I still
think it's a net good but the trolls and
the haters not even the trolls as much
but just like haters and just all that
stuff are just ransacking everything
they're just like going through and
destroying everything so our feeling was
if we can build some real community on
patreon where for you know a couple
bucks you can get in and you know we
post all our videos there you can chat
with people who you might agree with my
disagree with but do it in somewhat of a
Praful manner and if you won't do that
we'll just return your money and that's
it we thought it would be a cool thing
to do so that's why we launched Rubin
select and we posted a video this
morning all about that so you know since
we launched originally on patreon as I
said back and I think June of 2016 we
really haven't done I think maybe one
other time we did a real push for it but
we do want people to know about it today
because by being on patreon you guys
have allowed me to say no I said no to
at least three networks in the last
three in the last year that wanted me to
join and be part of things I've said no
to bigger money offers a whole series of
other things because I'm controlling
what we do here and we've got a great
small business and as that as I said
we're expanding and that really is
because of you guys
so here's what I do so anyone if you go
to patreon.com slash rubin report right
now anyone that donates any amount will
get a live shout-out on the stream right
now I've got a handy iPad here with all
sorts of questions and a bunch of other
things so Reuben report comm slash
patreon and donate any amount right
there and you're gonna get a live shout
out and then we are going to oh I'm
sorry it's not any amount it's level 1
or above you'll understand it when you
get there level 1 or above I'm gonna
give you a shout out if I did any amount
it would be completely insane I'd be
screaming my head off all for the next
five hours so or if you increase up to
level one and then let's just see I want
to get this all straight okay if you
join level 5 or above while I am live
right now I will Skype with you as a
thank you after this show that's right
I'm devoting the whole day to it today
and then I head back out on the road so
if you donate to level 5 or above you're
gonna get a Skype one-on-one video thank
you from me to day I promise you that
couple just came in John and Ben thank
you very much and if you so level 1
you're gonna get a verbal shout-out
level 2 okay why am I wearing this shirt
so this was our original patreon
exclusive t-shirt so only people who are
at that the the t-shirt level of patreon
for the last two years have this shirt
it's kind of fun because I see it out in
the Petersons crowd sometimes people
have worn it
to to stand-up shows and wherever else
I've seen one or two on the street I saw
one at the mall the other day so if you
donate but we're not using these shirts
anymore because now our new patreon
shirts are Ruben select shirts so these
are the old shirts we've got a bunch
left over so there's a limited amount
cuz we're not going to be printing any
more of them so if you donate now while
I am live at level or level two or above
you are gonna get the original Ruben
report patreon t-shirt that's right
we're gonna send that to you and the
select members are getting the new
t-shirt that's at a at a higher level
shout-out to Jack okay alright so I want
to make this a little bit about that
kind of fundraising and talking about
that but I also want to answer your
questions I know you guys have a lot of
questions about about the off-the-grid
thing and just catching up on everything
and everything else so let's go let's
just start doing some stuff and I'm
gonna go to patreon first though I will
jump in on super chat as well when is
Kanye West coming on the show I am
pretty sure it's gonna happen like just
give me a little time on it it's one of
these things that's out there in the
universe this guy operates in the
universe we're gonna make it happen at
some point yo Dave where do you get your
shirts your dress shirts I think they're
awesome
so most of my dress shirts I'm hesitant
to say it because then everyone's gonna
start wearing them and then it won't
look as cool but most of my dress shirts
are Ted Baker which you there are Ted
Baker stores I think they're in
Nordstrom or Bloomingdale's but I've got
about five of those on rotation that I
that I really do dig and I know people
really like them but please don't wear
them all over the place because then
then it won't be special anymore and
that's obviously very important Rueben
always seems to come back on the grid
around my birthday 9/5 happy birthday to
you please interview Michael knows I'd
be happy that Michael on the show I
think there was some discussion about it
before I got off the grid we'll make it
happen
we've got some great shows coming up by
the way we've already booked out
basically through October because of my
troubles are so crazy we had to get
ahead of the 8-ball here our guest next
week probably is the biggest get we've
ever had we've been in the works on this
thing for gosh eight months or so we
were supposed to have this person on in
May
then there was a little hiccup but next
week it's probably our biggest get yet
and I think sort of what will be viewed
as a game-changing interview so I'm
super psyched about that as I said I
head to Rochester tomorrow then Long
Island and Connecticut then I come home
for that interview then I head out to
four different cities in Florida with
Peterson then I actually have a couple
days at my parents house then I'm down
in Grand Rapids we're all over the place
so a lot lots happened and lots
happening here remember you're gonna get
a shout out if you join a level two or
above you're gonna get a shout out right
now like Jonathan you just got a shout
out my friend thank you very much and if
you jump in at level five or above
you're gonna get a Skype thank you from
me right now and by the way the whole
point of creating reuben select as i
said not only do i want to create
community there where you can actually
chat and engage with and respond to
people without just the endless noise
look that things always going to exist
look this is the beauty this is the
catch-22 of the internet right we we put
all of these things out there or I don't
know we put them out there all of these
things got out there Twitter Facebook
MySpace
Friendster all of these social media
things and we never knew exactly what we
were doing and we started being friends
with our co-workers and then you know
connecting with someone from 20 years
ago who then you were never going to
connect with again after one connection
and all of these things and it just
became this like giant cacophony of
craziness and I know how many of you
care about these issues that we talked
about on the show just as much as I do
and I think by creating a little home a
little space for that and by throwing a
couple bucks in its going to eliminate
99% of the haters I mean that's the
irony the the ante to get in the game is
so low because you can create a zillion
burner accounts on Twitter and just a
million anonymous accounts and the bots
have been ramped up and all of that
stuff that is ruining a lot of the
goodness and it's making good people
crazy so I really wanted to try to
create or at least foster an atmosphere
where people would be able to have good
conversations and my guys will be in
there furthering the conversations I'm
gonna jump in you know when I'm on the
plane and I have time and I'll be
checking in with you guys and responding
and all that good stuff
and so the level 5 tier that we have on
Rubin select now
the Google hangout so I used to be doing
all these one-on-ones and a couple
groups we've expanded the group Google
Hangouts to a bunch of them I think
there are a hundred slots total and we
do groups of 20 and then groups of 10
and groups of 5 depending on how much
you donate and I have to tell you they
have been amazing I mean the the last
two years that I've been able to once a
month talk to a group of you guys from
all over the world sometimes I'm talking
to people from Australia and Mexico and
Japan and Brazil all in one group and
people have gotten to know each other
it's also helped me frame some of my
ideas because when you talk to people
all over the world and they're every
gender and sexuality and religion and
all that and you go wow we're all kind
of thinking about the same stuff it
really makes you see how actually small
the world is and and and that we can all
care or be concerned about the same
things it's pretty great Molly welcome
aboard thank you very much Michael how
you doing my friend all right let's see
do you see any viable way back to
civility for a political party that is
called the other side and it's 30
percent of voters Nazis so Ben and I
touched on this a little bit earlier
it's gonna be tough man there's a fly in
here a fly has made its way into the new
Rueben report set it's going to be very
tough if your if your strategy and your
go-to move is always to say that the
other people do this because they're
racist it's hard to back out of that
right and this is where the Democrats
find themselves it seems pretty clear to
me after talking to Ben that there was
no backing away from that that if
anything it's just gotten worse so I
don't know how much worse it has to get
I mean this is this is the million
dollar question how much worse does this
sort of collectivist leftist
monster have to get before it implodes
now look it could implode if they do
really badly in the midterms it could
start imploding but I don't want to talk
