[Music]
joining me today is the editor of spiked
online and a true free speech warrior
Brendan O'Neil finally welcome to the
Reuben reply day I've been trying to get
you for like a year and a half
you are not on Twitter what kind of
human in 2017 public and hers in editor
is I hate her I hate Twitter I think
it's become incredibly toxic yeah
and it's become it was supposed to be a
tool of free speech where you could
express yourself and say what you think
and maybe even a space on the internet
for people who have different crazy or
alternative views but in many ways
that's become the opposite it's become a
tool for shutting down free speech you
know the whole twitch phenomenon Twitter
mobs anyone who thinks outside of the
kind of mainstream liberal PC box can be
hounded quite easily yeah so I'm not a
fan of Twitter also I have a short
temper oh they do really doing the right
side I think I'd be suited to Twitter
because I would end up getting two
arguments I didn't want to get into yeah
for a free speech guy in and an
absolutist in this regard the mobs and
all that and the twitch policing and all
of that you're for them doing all that I
said you're not for stopping them doing
those things just talking about the
process yeah everyone doing all the
stuff yeah it's a difficult one because
you don't want any clamp down or
restrictions on their right to be a mob
right you want to defend the right to
form a mob and to say things as a mob
but it is it does have an impact on
freedom of speech and freedom of thought
and it's the point John Stuart Mill
makes in on Liberty John Stuart Mill
often argued that the worst kind of
censorship is not necessarily legal or
state censorship it's often what he
called the informal tyranny of custom
where there's just this expectation that
you will go along with the conformist
mainstream view and if you don't you
will in some subtle way be punished
maybe acid from polite society may be a
signal will be sent that you're not a
good person
I think the Twitter mob from phenomenon
feeds into that so in many ways it can
be a more insidious form of censorship
than even government censorship yeah
it's so interesting cuz I say all the
time now it's that at the moment and of
course this can change but at the moment
I'm not that concerned about
government censorship at the moment that
being said what I am concerned about is
that we're silencing ourselves really
because everyone is afraid of the
outrage machine and that's why I've
tried to consistently bring on people
like you who although you're not on
Twitter who are just out there doing it
and you're still alive and as Douglas
Murray said to me the water ain't that
cold you guys get out there and do it
yeah I think the worst kind of
censorship now is self censorship almost
cowardice is a strong word I think with
some people it's a cowardice of about
saying what they really think other
people with other people who said
genuine genuine fear that if they say
what they think they will be hounded or
demonized and so on self censorship is
the real danger now and there's a lot of
it going on people who are not speaking
freely and openly because they fear the
consequences and the consequences can be
quite severe you can have your workplace
hounded with email saying you should
sack this guy because he thinks a B or C
of course you can be hounded off campus
by informal gangs of feminists or PC
people or or even trans people the
government has no involvement in that
but it does nonetheless have this very
insidious profound impact on the general
freedom of society and the general sense
that everything should be sable
everything should be debatable
everything should be up for discussion
that idea is being demolished not by
government jackboots but increasingly by
these informal gangs of PC enforcers
yeah where do you think that the
companies themselves the tech companies
so Facebook Twitter YouTube etc what
responsibilities do they have because
everyone knows they have their own Terms
of Service nobody we're putting this on
YouTube nobody's forcing me to be on
YouTube nobody's forcing me to be on
Twitter again you're not on Twitter a
wise man but what responsibilities
related to free speech do you think they
have because they've booted off some
people yeah that I think are actually DC
I'm not talking about some of the you
know people that are actually making
death threats which of course is a legal
issue but they put some people like
sargon of akkad i've had on my show a
couple times they've booted him off
twitter i think they have a large
responsibility in relation to freedom of
speech and there was a Supreme Court
case in this country decades ago about
corporate towns which are these towns
bill
tap around corporations and so on and
one of these corporate towns are a few
of these corporate towns argued that
they didn't have to adhere to the First
Amendment because they were private
entities and the judgment that was made
in the Supreme Court case was that if
you are a private enterprise which is so
large that you legitimately incorporate
a huge amount of public space a huge
amount of the public sphere in which
people speak and which in which people
interact then you do actually have a
responsibility to defend freedom of
speech and I think that certainly goes
for social media companies yeah that's
interesting that's now the that's now a
public arena that's the if you look at
Facebook like a seventh of humanity is
on Facebook or Twitter millions of
people on Twitter millions and millions
of people on YouTube these are the new
public forums these are the new public
squares these are the new spaces in
which people stand up make
pronouncements get on soap boxes hand
out pamphlets engage their fellow
citizens so I think it's entirely
legitimate to expect that the same free
speech that we hope would apply in a
public square would apply in these
forums too so is there a little bit of a
problem there because we're going to
talk about your your Marxist libertarian
views in a little bit but as someone
that at least going off the second part
of that the libertarian side I know for
me the idea of having the government
come in and now tell Facebook and
YouTube
what to do even though I had my
frustrations with them I don't really
see that as the answer here what I see
is the answer is capitalism in a
competition and let other companies come
and hopefully you know give a little
competition so they have to give us a
better service but but I struggle with
this one and interestingly I see a lot
of people on the right who were supposed
to be the libertarians and limited
government guys calling for these places
to be regulated you know sort of like
they did to AT&T a year you know years
ago yeah it's a difficult one because on
the one hand you don't want the
government to tell these social media
companies to prevent people from saying
certain things which is happening in
Britain at the moment lots of
politicians are kind of ganging together
to force Twitter and other forums to
restrict certain things in a speech and
so on so you don't want that but on the
other hand you don't necessarily want
the government to force these companies
to preserve freedom of speech or
publish things that they might not want
to publish Nathan private organization
so it is difficult there's no question
about that but my preference would be
that we would encourage these kind of
companies and encourage social media
platforms to value freedom of speech in
its entirety which means freedom of
speech not only for people who we like
and who are agreeable and who are
interesting and sensible and and and
liberal and nice and so on but also for
people who are edgy and difficult and
controversial and contrary in' and maybe
even hateful on the basis that is only
by having the fullest freedom of
expression possible that we can all then
work out what we think is right and
wrong but you know that's the only
possibility of having of arriving at any
kind of truth where everything is up for
grabs everything is stated publicly and
then you trust the audience you trust
the viewers you trust the listeners to
decide for themselves using their
autonomous minds what's good and what's
bad that's the kind of culture we need
to cultivate yeah is there a doubly
difficult problem here because also we
don't know what's going on with the
algorithms that these companies make so
publicly they could say we're for free
speech yes all these things but actually
they might be writing in code that could
you know stop some of my subscribers
from seeing videos or putting me aside
could you know wipe out people's Twitter
accounts or whatever does it's like we
actually don't know now the math behind
how people get information
unquestionably that happens and I don't
I don't have a Twitter account but I
sometimes look at to it so you can't
live in the modern sphere without
looking at it and seeing what people are
talking about on there and what amazes
me if you look at Twitter stories for
example all the things that Twitter
emphasizes it's always stuff that goes
along with the Twitter mindset with
Silicon Valley mindset with that kind of
fairly mainstream conformist mindset now
you know they they emphasize the if
Twitter has a kind of intersectional
outburst and it attacks someone for
being sexist on the sojanet or racist
and so on often overblown accusations
Twitter will emphasize that up
and turn it into the daily story so
Twitter undoubtedly has an editorial
input and control and in a sense you
want to say fine that's you can do that
but then they've got to stop calling
themselves the free speech wing of the
Free Speech Party because increasingly
they do appear like a publication just
happens to let other voices chip in
every now and then so basically what I'm
sensing from you is that there really is
no good answer here yet right because
what you're saying is you want them to
self-police you don't want the
government to come in you want them to
be transparent but you don't want to use
force to make that strap in so there
really is no answer that we can walk
away from and be like well alright
that's the sensible way to deal with it
that's not the idea that you're talking
about that way yeah I like the personal
responsibility of the individual and the
company but that's sort of separate from
what actually happens when the rubber
meets the road
yeah there's no easy answer except that
we should defend freedom of speech every
single time it's under attack whether
that's in the Academy on some informal
part of campus in relation to the
government in social media in the press
wherever freedom of speech is under
attack we should defend freedom of
speech and we should defend it for the
very simple reason that everyone should
be allowed to say what they want to say
and everyone else this is the part of
freedom of speech that people forget
because they always say oh you're
defending free speech for horrible
people
the second even more important part of
freedom of speech is defending the right
of the audience to decide for themselves
what's right and what's wrong yeah and
that's the most important part because
the problem with censorship of course is
that it infantilizes people in tells you
you don't have to think we will think
for you we will decide for you and that
really weakens people's moral muscles
weakens their intellectual muscle
muscles encourages them to be child like
an infant like and and to never think
about the world yeah if it directly
feeds out raid culture it actually feeds
a if it's a very simplistic reader of
the world a very childish reading of the
world and it dumbs down culture
censorship is a far greater threat to
intellectualism and peace and liberty
and all those things we think are good
then freedom of speech ever could be so
it's important to always defend freedom
of speech in every sphere and through
doing that I think we might eventually
encourage people rather than forcing
them to protect freedom of speech within
the spheres in which they operate yeah
do you think we're getting some wins
right now I mean I you're doing a tour
with a bunch of people from Brett
Weinstein and Laura Kipnis and Steven
Pinker and a whole bunch of people in
this space and you know I'm doing the
college thing too and obviously spiked
is working this show is working other
people in this plate in this space it's
all working do you think we're actually
starting to win here I'm you know I'm
hopeful as a human yeah I know I'm an
optimist yeah otherwise I couldn't do
this but there's so much bad stuff it's
hard to it's hard to place it I there
between optimism and pessimism and which
are both valuable emotions as it happens
optimism is good because you feel
buoyant and you want to go out and fight
in the world and pessimism is good
because it makes you reflect and think
well what's going wrong so I don't have
a problem with either of those takes but
I flip between the two on the one hand
I'm optimistic because I see lots of
young people and on this tall that
spiders doing the unsafe space tour
whether they're on two campuses and what
we're trying to do in fact is move away
from the pantomime debates that have
been taking place on campus in recent
years where some member of the so-called
alright we'll come in and irritate all
the feminists and the idiots in the
audience and then they will you know the
alt-right gets a kick because they wind
everyone up and then the audience
members get a kick butt because they get
to shout fascist at people they don't
right and all you do is strengthen the
extreme you straighten these dreams and
it's all heat and no light and it's
entertaining and everyone watches on
YouTube and it gets hundreds of
thousands of hits but no one learns
anything so what we're trying to do with
this tour is go onto campuses and and
convince people using hopefully
intellectual rigor and and substantial
historical arguments and and clever
people yeah that freedom of speech is
the most important value in a civilized
society and in fact civilized society is
not possible without it so we're trying
as best as we can to
the discussion away from the rather
pantomime black and white unhelpful
clash that it's become the cultural war
that it's become to explain the origins
of freedom and the importance of freedom
and I'm optimistic because we've were
having a good reception and I'm meeting
young people in New York and Washington
and and other places in America who are
really really keen on freedom of speech
but feel like they don't have a place in
which they can say how keen they are on
freedom of speech yeah so I'm optimistic
in that sense I'm pessimistic in the
sense that I fear that the argument of
freedom is being colonized by people on
the right who I don't think are always a
hundred percent convincing in their
defense of freedom and the thing that
particularly worries me now is the
left's abandonment of the ideal of
freedom I think that's actually the real
crisis we face in Western societies now
which is that the left and so-called
liberals and you know the word liberal
is about the word liberty you know are
turning their backs on Liberty that's a
real problem yeah okay so I really want
to dive deep into this one because
everyone watching this at least my
audience knows that I mean this is where
I've spent most of my time you know I
came from the progressive world I wanted
to fix the left subsequently two years
later after endlessly talking about this
I did a video with Prager you which day
titled why I left left because I've come
to the position that liberalism in the
classical sense the John Stuart Mill
sense no longer has anything to do with
modern leftism yeah so let's really go
deeper yeah so first off let's start
with why are you let's start with the
roots of why liberalism should be
connected to the left let's just start
there
well the way I put it is that I didn't
leave the left the left left me because
the left abandoned everything that it
used to represent and the way I see
political correctness which is this kind
of rehabilitation of the racial
imagination so everyone is now black and
white or man and woman in this constant
divisive nurse and shoving people back
into biological boxes from which they
spent 200 years trying to escape or it's
a liberalism so it doesn't want you to
be
controversial or daring or contrarian
what's everything to be sedate or even
the modern PC people's agitation with
things like economic growth or exploring
nature or even dare I say exploiting
nature for the good of mankind on all
occasions right I mean that's super
controversial yeah all those things
suggest to me that the PC culture you
know people call it left in my mind it
runs counter to everything the left used
to stand for I think it is reactionary I
think if anything is right-wing I happen
to think left and right aren't
particularly useful the categories now
but it's certainly more right wing than
it is left wing do you might remember a
moment when it happened because that's
what a lot of people ask me they ask me
when my specific wake up was or when
your specific wake up was but do you
think there was a cultural or political
moment that really was the hammer that
kind of whacked it and then started to
go in the wrong way I think it's been a
long-standing process I think it's been
growing for a long time I think you
could even trace it back to the 60s when
the left shifts from being interested in
economic issues and the working class
towards being interested in you know the
new left interested in cultural issues
and the problem of advertising and
consumerism and so on and that shift
from being interested in production how
are things produced and who owns them
towards being obsessed with consumerism
why are we always pressured to buy
things and so on and that was a very
important shift from economy and power
towards issues of culture and then that
grows through the 70s and the 80s and it
becomes the dominant theme of the left
and you know the way I see it is that if
I look back because I still call myself
a Marxist libertarian I partly do it
just to we're gonna do it just to annoy
people
because no understands what it means
yeah even I don't understand what he
owns but I always considered the left to
be universal pro-growth that was one of
the most important parts of the left and
interested in autonomy interested in
pushing away all the priests and princes
and and bureaucrats who wanted to tell
ordinary people how to live and trusted
ordinary people more than
experts that's how I saw the left now I
see a left a so-called left that has
abandoned those three things
so it's ditched universalism in favor of
the rabbit-hole of identity politics and
the rabbit-hole of biological difference
