[Music]
all right youtube we are live with a man
who i think at this point needs no
introduction jordan peterson welcome
back this is
number four if we count our live event
at clemson two weeks ago this is your
fourth appearance on the reuben report
amazing that we can think of anything to
talk about that much time you think
we're gonna figure out something well
you yeah we're both pretty noisy so i
imagine we'll probably figure out
something people say you know peterson
he's talking a lot could you think
perhaps in the course of this hour hour
and a half we could get you to the end
you know could you run out of words by
the end of this thing i don't know i had
a reputation when i was like four years
old for never not talking so i don't
think it's going to go away that's like
51 years ago so well it's funny because
i just did a behind the scenes video
that we put up for our patrons only
today is actually a very special day for
me because uh november 1st 2016 is the
day that i moved into this house and and
started building this studio which took
a couple weeks and you were actually my
first guest oh yeah right while we were
between studios i had to do it in the
other room we did it on google hangouts
there was crappy internet connection
construction noise there was
construction noise i could barely hear
you at points i couldn't see you and it
was really my intro to you i actually
didn't know that much about you at the
time you had just sort of come on the
map in in a newer way so we did that one
then we've done a live sit down here
then we did clemson and and here we are
again two weeks later and uh yeah well
it's a good deal we got a lot to get to
we do you're you're writing a new book
coming out in uh january
you bet end of january i think the 23rd
i think is when it comes out it's
already yeah so
yeah i'm pretty happy about that so you
sent me the the advanced copy pdf is
that the official advanced copy have it
ah there's a little bit of changes since
then but the actual galleys will be
ready within a week i think it goes to
print next week yeah waiting on a few
illustrations and then it's ready to go
yeah so as an interviewer you actually
made my job really easy today because
your chapters i told you before we
started your chapters are so perfect
that each one i think we can lay into a
question here but i want to start with
some other stuff first because we just
did clemson about two weeks ago it was a
great event it was totally sold out kids
sitting in the in the stairwell trying
you know because there was no more room
in the chairs and all that
did you walk out of there feeling as
positive about the college stuff as me
because we know about all the bad stuff
we all read it all the time and we see
all the all the terrible stuff on
college campuses but i really leave a
lot of the events that i do
feeling good well a lot of the bad a lot
of the stuff that's that's unsavory
let's say is the work of a very small
minority of students i mean this is true
particularly perhaps not particularly
but it's it's certainly true of the
university of toronto which is
um i would say
like a center
conservative institution as far as the
students are concerned most of them are
children of first generation immigrants
like they they've got their eye on the
prize you know they spend most of their
time working it's not a party school
it's not a radical school but there's a
small percentage of radical people
including people who come in from
outside the university to cause trouble
and a small number of radical
disciplines and it doesn't take that
many people who are really uh
focused on activism to produce an effect
that's far beyond their their numerical
significance and so it and you know you
don't want to give university kids a bad
name because the vast majority of them i
think are i don't think they're any less
hardworking for example than the baby
boomers yeah quite the contrary in my in
my estimation
so yeah i usually go to the universities
and come away with a positive feeling
you know so and clemson was certainly an
event like that yeah what do you make of
the ability for that small minority to
affect such a big amount of people you
had a tweet about a shepherd it only
takes yeah it doesn't take very many
dogs to to shepherd a lot of sheep yeah
how is it that they've been able to do
that because when we go out there i mean
look we did that q a for an hour after
we had to end we had to end it early
because they they literally need you
know they needed the room they were
kicking us out but there were still 50
people that wanted to ask us questions
we waited we stayed around for another
hour and still we had they had to drag
us out i mean we could have done it all
night long but what do you make of that
that little group that has somehow
they're really good at it they've been
like first of all you know the the
radical leftist
position that they put forward has been
an activist movement since let's say
before the russian revolution right i
mean it's not like
the ground hasn't been prepared for this
sort of thing and the disciplines that
are leading this like women's studies
for example they're activist disciplines
they train people to do this that that's
what they do it's pretty much all they
do except not educating them
propagandizing them feeding them you
know sets of lies um and and
oversimplifying the universe in a in a
radical way so and and so it doesn't
that's the thing it doesn't take that
many people who are committed to a cause
to have a an impact beyond
their numbers and i think that might
even be more true with the onset of of
social media
so do you think that's why what you're
doing is is sort of hitting it the way
it is because you're basically
i mean obviously you can explain
post-modernism and marxism and all of
that
stuff but really what you're telling
people is to own their own life i mean
from the even from the amount of your
book that i was able to read today that
to me seems to be the the thrust of what
you're doing you're saying sort of
get your together and then
deal with all this other stuff yeah well
i mean i don't really consider myself in
some sense a political person and i mean
that really in a very particular way
i've i've thought about a political
career many times during my life i
worked for a political party when i was
a kid you know at like 14
and quite intently but what party was it
was it was a socialist party in canada
the ndp that was back the new democratic
party which is part of the mainstream
and canadian politics um
that was back when i would say they were
a valid voice for the working class you
know and i knew the leadership of the of
the provincial party and the national
party to some degree i i had some access
because the person who was our
representative
was the leader of the alberta ndp and i
knew him and his wife quite well
um and they were
at the upper echelons of the party at
least at that time those people were
actually concerned with giving the
working class a voice like it was a
genuine it was a genuine they were
genuinely committed to that but i
noticed that the lower level punk party
functionaries you know i didn't like
them much and i couldn't put my finger
on it until i read george orwell and you
know orwell said
he was criticizing british socialists
even though he was a socialist himself
he said well
typical british middle class socialist
doesn't like the poor they just hate the
rich it's like and that was that was
exactly the feeling i got that this
this so-called
sympathy
empathy let's say for the oppressed had
a hell of a lot more to do with
vengefulness
and resentment with regards to the
to anyone who was seen as having
privilege and i certainly think that
that's just and i was thinking about
that the other day i just did a talk in
dc and i was thinking about you know the
marxist claims to sympathy with the
working class because you might say well
they actually have sympathy for the
working class are they really trying to
put their
um
their their their
positions forward their needs forward or
do they just hate the successful
depending on how that's divided up
i thought well how do you make a
judgment like that and i had the this
personal experience but then i thought
well that's easy with marxism it's like
you just look at all the murders
and then you know whether that was
a movement that was genuinely motivated
by empathy right and a lot of people die
in all of this leftist yeah a lot
yeah like an unbelievable number and
yeah and
not just
members of the oppressor class let's say
like everyone
and it happens over and over you know
and it's really worth thinking about
because well when
you might not think well is that somehow
embedded in the marxist doctrine is it
an inevitable consequence of the
unfolding of these ideas and someone
like ayn rand for example would say
definitely and solzhenitsyn made that
case too in the gulag archipelago but
it's not self-evident but i think
there's a level under which underneath
the ideas that you could go and say
what's motivating this is it actually
like saintly compassion for the
downtrodden or is it resentment about
the fact that life is unfair and tragic
which it definitely is it is well
you know by their fruits ye shall know
them that's the answer to that question
it's like well if if 30 40 million
people die in the aftermath of the
revolution and a tremendous number of
them are ordinary people
and that happens repeatedly it's like oh
well i guess it must be resentment and
hatred because like how else do you
account for all of that the proof is in
the pudding so to speak well if you know
and if you're not willing to accept that
sort of thing as proof you've got to
also ask like well okay what would you
allow to falsify your theory like how
many corpses have to stack up before you
think and the number the number is
pretty high already so it's it's
uncountable yeah you know like we don't
know we don't know how many people died
as a consequence of communist
totalitarianism it could be 50 million
it could be 150 million those are big
error bars yeah you know like that's
that's a big that's a big problem when
you can't count in the tens of millions
when you can't get the damn estimate
right and it happened in multiple
cultures right because you might say
well it was just specific to a time and
place it wasn't intrinsic to this
radical doctrine yeah well there's not
that much it's the same about the soviet
union and all of its
countries let's say broad range of
cultures
maoist china cambodia
you know
places in africa as well these aren't
the same places but nonetheless you drop
that poisonous seed in there and it's
like mayhem in no time flat and nothing
works like it's so
so i'm going for the
don't be thinking that you're so saintly
just because you claim to stand for the
oppressed it's like examine your
conscience and
well that thing that thing though is a
drug to people right i mean that you
know what we refer to as virtue
signaling and all that but that that
feeling that you're always looking out
for everyone else you'll always
sacrifice yourself for anyone else
you'll always attack the the privileged
and supposed people above you it really
there's something in that that that has
like an addictive quality well the
question is what's the drug you know the
question the drug might be oh i'm a good
person
maybe but like a more
psychoanalytically minded person might
say no that's not actually the drug the
drug is
the hatred
and the
rationalization for the use of power and
the and that and the wish for
totalitarian control
and tyrannical rule
that the
that the mask mask of virtue covers
so the virtue signaling actually that's
that's not what's really providing the
big kick
you know it's like i'm a good person
it's like no it's even better than this
it's like i've got a place to direct my
worst
my worst impulses i don't even have to
notice them myself because i've got this
mask of virtue and so i can let the
let's call them
you know the demonic forces that make up
part of the human psyche i can let them
have carte blanche and and then also say
that i'm virtuous you know i would say
that's a powerful combination yeah well
it looks like it's a powerful
combination i mean if you if you look at
the way people behave
historically speaking it it looks
i mean it's often that
that great horrors are perpetrated by
people who
mask them in a utopian covering right
right because nobody knows nobody comes
out and says hey well i'm satan himself
you know it's like i'm out here to do
harm right that isn't what people but
but somehow harm gets done yeah and so
you know one of the things i really like
about the american
[Music]
political system is that it's it's not
predicated on a utopian ideal you know
the the founders of the american system
of course they were basically english
but you know the founders of the
american system said okay well you know
you can't trust people to do the right
thing it doesn't mean they're all bad
but
you can't assume that they're going to
do the utopian thing that isn't what
people are like and they tend to take
care of themselves first and maybe
that's okay maybe it's not but it has to
be bounded but
given what we know about the um
imperfection of individuals and
societies let's try to build a system
that no idiot can screw up too badly
yeah and i think that's so mature man
it's so it's so psychologically informed
and so wise it's like no we're not
aiming for the utopia we'll aim for
for not too murderous how about that
right and that's the thing because
humans are the flaw in the utopian
system right i mean you can't create
utopia because we're part of it and
we're not perfect well so the idea of
the perfect system created by an
imperfect creature us
it actually doesn't even stand to reason
yeah well and you can't also blame our
imperfections on the imperfect social
structure which is of course what the
marxists tend to do because it doesn't
help it's like okay the social
structure's imperfect well who produced
that
it just pushes the question back one
step
you know and so so while i said at the
beginning of this that i'm not
specifically political and i haven't
been addressing everything that's been
going on except when i drift i would say
politically i think instead no no the
right thing to do
is this is why i'm a psychologist it's
like
the right level of focus is the
individual
and what individuals can do
first is like what a physician should do
first do no harm
right like assume that you know
you're probably a force for mayhem in
trouble unless you've got yourself
disciplined and aimed right you know
because you're complicated and
troublesome
and so unless you've got your act
together you're trouble and everyone
knows that and they know people like
that so the first thing you do is
constrain the amount of damage you're
likely to do and you do that by
disciplining yourself and by also
admitting to yourself that you don't
know what you're doing that there's lots
of things about you that need to be
improved which is actually that's a
beacon of hope right it's like well my
life is miserable
yeah but you're doing a bunch of things
wrong it's like oh good because if i'm
doing a bunch of things wrong then maybe
if i fix them my life won't be so
horrible
well that's good and everyone knows
about the fact that they're not doing
things right fundamentally you know they
don't have to examine their conscience
that much to figure that out and then
you can start
aiming for something something good
start not lying any more than you have
to or maybe not at all if you can train
yourself then you start to discern truth
from falsehood and then you can find out
empirically
does your life get better or worse well
you know i've got hundreds of letters
now maybe thousands of letters
um
from people who have been trying that
you know and they say well you know i'm
way better you have to do way better
than you know i went into than i thought
that i was before i went into a
restaurant the other day in toronto and
this kid came up and he shook my hand
and he said i just want to know that
since i've been listening to you i've
got three
promotions at this restaurant and i said
well you know
good work man like way to be and he said
yeah well i started coming in on time
and i'm working really hard and i'm
trying to figure out how i can do a good
job here instead of being above the job
you know i'll take this until i get
something better it's sort of beneath me
it's like
no probably not actually it's not that
easy to do most jobs it's actually hard
to do most jobs especially to do them
well and it turns out that the world is
constituted if society is set up well
that if you do a good job
invisible doors open in front of you
because people and i know this i've had
lots of contact with businesses and
academic institutions and
like the people who run things
competently
are
often but not always interested very
interested in finding young people that
they can
mentor and move forward it's actually
one of the pleasures of being competent
