[Music]
alright let's shift a little bit to some
specific issues cuz I think we've done a
nice little broad okay job to start here
you mentioned to me briefly something
about daca that I thought was really
interesting how the black community is
sort of split on this can yeah yeah you
know daca is on its surface isn't easy
it should be easy but what I've come
talking about the complexity of and the
nuances so increasingly our students on
HBCU campuses are raising they have real
beef with this is the way they described
it said one of the students put it in it
made me pause cuz I was like that's an
easy one you're not gonna send to a
million people home these kids were
brought here by their parents didn't
have a choice if I tell my daughter
we're going somewhere she's gone right
so that's what it is so I get it yeah
and then one of the young women put it
best she said you know think about the
she called it she said the irony of this
is that they're very the America is our
rallying around providing not only the
ability for these students to enroll in
school but oftentimes full scholarships
for these students the daca students Wow
she said and Here I am the legal
descendant of slaves we were forced to
come here and I have to figure out how
to pay for my education and so there's
this tension there's real tension and
they have to whisper it so I asked her I
said well why don't you just talk about
that in class and she said oh I would be
killed that you can't talk about that in
class she said but there's an
underground sort of conversation about
that doesn't seem that there if America
has enough money to provide additional
scholarship assistance to students then
shouldn't you take care of people like
us who were brought here our parents
were brought here and we truly are and
so I was like wow that's really it was a
really hadn't thought about it yeah made
me pause there's also a recent article I
think it's the Chicago times where a guy
wrote an editorial about Rahm Emanuel
wants to spend 1 or 2 million dollars on
providing IDs for undocumented
immigrants and the black aldermen had a
meltdown I mean literally is quoted all
over the papers saying this is a
and enough so enough we have Americans
here african-americans in Chicago who
need XY and Z and instead you want to go
spend a bit so there's a tension America
is that a really inflection point that's
just not black and white or conservative
and liberal there's tension now amongst
people of color yeah and it seems to me
that obviously that conversation is good
and it's nice to hear that a student
said something to you that made you
reevaluate because that shows you
practice what you preach obviously
that's right is there some is there
who's the leader right now if there I
know I know you probably get this one
all the time and I don't even like the
question in a certain way no but I can
but but who should black America
whatever that is it's so it's so stupid
talking about that stuff like who should
be in your opinion should the black
community be turning to to make some
sense of this because there's the usual
cast of characters right and we can name
all the ones that you don't like that
are on MSNBC today and I don't like them
either so let's just forget those guys
but others some people that we should be
looking at that and I don't even mean
just black America but no for people
that really care that's very that's
right about freedom so you make the good
point I don't even know America
generally you know that we can identify
someone who is sane and rational and
logical and thoughtful but in the
african-american community you've nailed
it I we had a generation of leaders and
they were right for that era and what
was going on fast forward 20 30 years
I'm not sure and I've actually sat with
a group of my counterparts you know 40s
successful and said who's the leader
who's the voice what voice captures
what's happening in afternoon American
community about to be fair it's not
monolithic African of course you know
like any other that's why I don't write
that's why we don't like it yeah but it
was never monolithic but we had leaders
Martin Luther King was a leader although
you know he he wasn't from industry he
didn't you know so but still he
represented just he caught and captured
the voice of the community I have to
honestly say and it's something that
bothers me I don't know who that person
is and and I'm not so sure that if you
asked him like people none of them would
say I'm not sure who that leader is yeah
and it's so complex because do you
remember a couple years ago when Oprah
said the thing about how
what we just need these old racists to
die and issues referee
she was referencing some people's
grandmothers and grandfathers and I
remember thinking and I have no beef
with old but I remember hearing that and
thinking this is so dangerous it gets
back to what we were talking about
earlier about how you just live in your
times and all that like no one wants to
look at their grandparents who live grew
up in a different time thing I don't
wait till you just drop dead so you
can't vote anymore with the and it makes
me think huh you know I had as my
grandmother taught school 46 years in
Brown County Florida and I remembered
she said something to me now and I think
the world of my grandmother she's still
like 93 years old 94 just had a birthday
and I remembered going down to the
University of Miami and I came home and
I was said I think I've met someone and
it was she assumed it was a white woman
because I'm in a majority institution
you know Lily white University of Miami
and she said son I'd rather you bring a
man home Allan
now this is someone who I adore and I
think the world of her but I had to stop
and pause her stuck me I remember that
I'd rather you bring a man home than a
white woman and I had to realize that a
lot of folks hold these racial so that
things and they are products of their
era like right so when I see you know an
older 90 year old lady or old white guy
who has and harbors some racial animus I
wasn't around then I can't really put
that in context I'm not justifying it
I'm not saying it's right or wrong but
what I am saying to your earlier point
is I love my grandmother and if you
tried to attack my grandmother because
she espoused that worldview
I would attack you yeah because I look
at the totality of her contributions to
this country and her her racist
tendencies are one a product of the
error that she grew up in but they are
also a very very small part of the full
woman that I know yes and that's the key
part everyone wants to define everybody
said earlier you could figure out
something that you did when you were 18
but something that I did when I was 26
and go man
right exactly but that's that's the
point that we're just pieces that's
right of all of this easy to and that's
that's a problem we just want to
collapse on the one thing that someone
did that's by the way unpopular now what
do you think Martin Luther King would
would think about the identity politics
stuff it's I I would like to think and
by the way I say that because you read
so many versions of what Martin fought
I've heard people say he was a
Republican and I've heard people help
he's a womanizer he's of this you just
don't know yeah I think you can make
interesting argument sometimes that he
was a conservative and now he doesn't
want his children to be judged by the
color of their skin that actually sounds
a little more like a conservative idea
because that's not an identity politics
idea yeah a lot of his economic stuff
was bearing more towards socialism in a
way so I think you can argue both but I
think on balance I think he would I
believe that he would be looking he's
looking down saying you know no system
is perfect no set of rules is perfect
but this is a lot better people today
than it was what we inherited back then
mmm-hmm is far worse than what you have
today so why don't we look at the
progress that was made and figure out
how we build on it I'd like to think
that because this nature was one of
working together finding commonality and
peaceful protests
you know people now you know not
allowing people to talk when you
disagree with them literally shouting
them down
think about that era when Martin Luther
King we were the minority then we're
clearly I mean really in a literally
they they could have silenced him by
yelling and shouting him down and
somehow the country allowed that voice
to - and people embraced it because they
listened to it even people who were
probably not inclined to agree with him
you know for that at that time yeah but
by listening they said huh maybe he's
done to something and it really piqued
their heart it got to the heart and said
you know what I'm this is probably not
the right way to think about my fellow
Americans it was because they listened
but if you aren't even being if you
can't hear if you're unwilling to listen
Martin has to be
and right now yeah yeah that I was just
at the mind minute I was telling you I
was just in DC gone all these things and
that's what I felt I just felt things
have gotten so much better for everybody
it doesn't let me right there isn't
racism it doesn't mean some people don't
like gay people or any of those things
but we are laws basically are fair yes
and it's like where else are they doing
it better that's right well are you
gonna move somewhere and I said the same
thing right after even after the Trump
election you know I remembered all those
folks if he's elected I'm leaving the
country
no she's still here right all of these
folks who Rosie named the group who all
thought they're gonna leave the country
I'm like you're not going anywhere
I don't want to go too far down the
Trump thing unless you want to go there
but no but do you think that whatever is
happening with him right now and as you
said as we're taping this today metaphor
it was was indicted by the FBI it sounds
like it's not even directly about the
Trump all right aim that it's about some
Ukraine stuff before but but we'll see
where all that plays out but as a
general rule what do you make of what's
happened because to me what I keep
trying to say is if you just let go of
the tweets for a minute you're like over
the media hysteria basically nothing bad
has happened basically well two things
first of all you'll leave on I know it's
hard to get rid of it no no you've only
had eight months up so yeah nothing bad
could really happen in eight months see
anyway this is a republic that has been
around for a very long time it's gonna
be around a long time after you so
that's the beginning the other thing is
it goes back to smiie do thing if you
are continually there's a barrage of
information that says everything this
person does is bad at some point you
believe it mm-hmm right and I think
that's a part of it he's trying to
figure it out
could he stay off the tweet a little bit
Twitter off yes yeah could he be a
little bit more presidential hell he
admitted it this weekend when he said
that but I'm about to say about Michael
Moore great well news alert President
Trump
several of those sorts of things have
not been president I'm glad you're
acknowledging yeah but no way he can't
though great because that's what got him
there that's what's got him there and
that that's what people forget it worked
and frankly as much as we talk about
he's not reflecting America yes he does
he
you know 43 million Americans voted for
him 46 for Hillary and people don't
factor the sin but three million Hillary
won the state of great state of
California or though by 3 million votes
people forget that so pull those that 3
million person spread was like here yeah
well for the record I in California
voted for Gary Johnson judge me however
you and all to another judge me however
you want but I suspect you would have
liked a lot of the ideas of Gary I did
in fact I did yeah but you know we knew
he wasn't gonna win
so that's a whole different conversation
but I but I I'm in California it didn't
matter which right that's like me in
Washington DC yeah oh yeah I know for
the Democratic candidate was gonna win
full-stop right yeah and again that gets
back to the issue this country is just
you're you're in one camp or the other
and it is when you think 46 and 43
million people
we're calling we really divided I mean I
just don't even know where the center is
anymore mm-hmm that's that's troubling
so to me the center basically is
somewhat economically conservative in
that yes you earn your money you should
keep it and I thought sorry always argue
that's the best way if you hate Trump
the best way to limit government is to
stop giving it so much money and power
it's right because sometimes you know
what you might get Bernie and he can use
a lot of power that you like but then
sometimes you're gonna get a guy you
don't like so let's just stop giving
them so much power but in a weird way
does this all show that our system is
working properly well that's you know
you mentioned earlier this is it's not a
perfect system but I don't there's no
other place in the world I'd rather be I
thank God every day when I wake up and
and so you know that I'm here and
because we could have all been born
somewhere else and this could have been
a really bad situation it's not a
perfect union but we're working towards
it and that's the optimism but it's only
if we have conversations like this the
two of us this doesn't appear on
mainstream television oh by the way
that's the thing that I gotta figure out
how to get you up and let me be your age
all right but we have to get out believe
you could do it I don't even know that I
want it but I believe they really could
because this voice is what's missing
you're either MSNBC or Fox News you're
Rachel or you're Hannity
and that by the way doesn't get us any
closer to fixing this because people
then divide out yeah that's what we've
got to do because rational people can I
think reasonable people can come to some
conclusions that this is good for all of
us
yeah you know relating this to sort of
where we started as you're saying this
I'm thinking you know there's something
interesting here if this identity
politics stuff wins the day and they
start taking down more monuments and we
start judging Thomas Jefferson and the
rest of the founders on the morals of
today it's not just that we'll remove
them but we'll actually all of their
good ideas all of their good ideas will
have to go away
they won't even if you like a lot of
those good ideas you mean like they
won't just magically keep some of the
ideas what you're gonna actually remove
all of those ideas and then what are we
left to it and it ain't pretty right and
it's not America that that's the reality
it's not America and that's something
that we've all got to come to grips with
is that this is not a good direction the
trajectory is all wrong I'm pleased to
say and all of us in the markets are
performing the financially you'll do
well but by the way if you don't have
any money you're not participating in
the markets anyway you're right right so
people like the two of us we're gonna do
fine yeah and our families and
significant others and stakeholders all
gonna do fine it's the rest of these
folks who being left out and they
unfortunately are buying into this
narrative that America is bad and
somehow the magic fix is to tax the
wealthy like oh where does that end like
oh and so is there is the appeal of that
just because it's sort of lazy thinking
you know you mean like it just doesn't
take much to be like I want what
somebody else has like it's kind of an
easy answer like I don't have somebody
all got they should give me some of that
like you don't have to think that hard
relax it to think harder to understand
why you shouldn't or don't deserve
someone else's money let's see I don't I
and why maybe but it's also equally lazy
to think if I were you know a
millionaire I wouldn't want to give more
of my money than someone else if I
earned it yeah even if I bought a
freaking lottery ticket you know just
basic take some person who's from a free
who's got limited resources and you say
to them you won the lottery tomorrow you
won two million dollars five million of
it goes to the federal government in
your state how does that make you bad
yes that's lazy I mean you don't think a
lot to say that's not a good result
right yeah
so I don't know why this is I don't know
that it's easy I think it's we have just
pounded into people's heads that taking
that the rich people are bad you're
vilified for going to work every day and
making some good decisions and some luck
and some God and some fate all of that
in the totality you're bad for having
done well and the media plays it
consistent they love it you believe it
yeah you believe it what do you think is
the right amount of government for us to
have as much as we need I know that's
not a great answer but I would literally
I'm sort of concerned not sort of I'm
very conservative in that respect I
don't think you can have no government
cuz then you have an R key we need so
you know what Mad Max right I don't want
that I mean if my house burns down I
want a police department to show if I
don't have to rely on my three neighbors
or the buckets to come so I've got a
fire department to show up so I think
government the infrastructure is
important of any society that will
endure I do think that we've gotten too
far though when you have just huge
bureaucracy and departments designed to
solve problems that frankly will solve
themselves amongst people yeah but we
become completely dependent on it is
there any way to scale it back that's
one of the questions I try to ask a lot
of my more libertarian guests yes like
it seems like this this thing has gotten
so big and when you factor it in with
you know handouts and all of this stuff
that if you were ever to take it back a
lot of people think will you just be
screwing over all the poor people all
that then I have some people who come on
and say no you just cut it tomorrow and
we see what happens will charities come
in will churches and synagogues and
mosques and all that will they pick up
the slack you know will if you cut the
funding to Planned Parenthood would
Barbra Streisand and Rosie and the rest
of them suddenly put some of their money
towards that I tend to think the answer
is yes me too
I do but how do you how do you get that
point across to people well they're not
going to do it unless force to do it so
I think so that's something to be said
for just
stop I mean what we saw Puerto Rico is a
classic example we're all forced you
know worried about what's happening in
Puerto Rico but this didn't start with a
hurricane mm-hmm Puerto Rico was a
