joining me today is an entrepreneur a
venture capitalist and author the
co-founder of PayPal the first outside
investor in facebook the founder of
Palantir and Silicon Valley's ultimate
contrarian thinker Peter teal finally
welcome to the Rubin report David thanks
for having me on the show it's good to
be here with you I normally don't have
this many cards for a guest but I've got
a lot of cards for you today are you
ready to roll ready to go all right so
we have to start obviously Rogan had
Elan musk on last week last week and
they smoked a joint so do you want me to
put the joint on the table right now or
how are we doing this you know mine my
number one rule is never to compete with
the Elan man oh you know I would never I
would never bet against Elan it's it's
been like this I've been I was a close
partner of his at PayPal in the in the
late 90s early 2000s and and after
PayPal you know Ilan set out to start
these to the you know both the rocket
company and the the electric car company
SpaceX and Tesla yeah and I think the
conventional wisdom on Elon was these
were both completely harebrained
projects and if one of them had
succeeded that you have to sort of
question it and when both of them
succeeded it suggests that you know he
knows something people other people
don't all right well that is a matter of
luck
I'll keep I'll keep the joint right here
for a now don't compete with you on all
right but look that's a good place to
start because first you know it's
interesting because we've gotten to know
each other a little bit in the last
couple years and it seems to me that the
person that I know privately is sort of
different than the way the media
portrays you so I thought maybe at the
beginning let's just do a little history
about you and then we can get to some of
the controversies and some of the ideas
that you're really interested and things
like that so let's start with with
PayPal since you mentioned it already
where did the idea of PayPal first come
from well you know it's it's when you
start one of these companies uh it's
it's typically not the case that you get
the whole idea fully formed you know
instantaneously we certainly there was
this incredible internet boom going on
in Silicon Valley in the late 90s it
felt
there was sort of this open frontier
open Gold Rush
one of the natural things to look at was
you know was finance I I was sort of
very interested in the cryptocurrency
could there be new forms of money
there's always something you know super
mysterious powerful important about
money it was it was it was the way that
this this was going to change so we had
I think we had this general idea to do
something with security with money with
payments from very early on of the
founding of the company and then you
iterate a lot on how to how to get the
idea out and the the critical question
for any consumer internet product is
always not what the idea is but how do
you get it out how do you get the
distribution out and we spent there been
a lot of payments companies Internet
payments companies that already started
and failed by 1998 there was one called
when one called up other cyber cash
there were you know there's sort of a
variety of these different ones that had
tried to create these you know
comprehensive currency schemes and they
would work if everybody use them but you
could never get even the first person to
start but the challenge was how to make
it viral how do you get something to
work where it's good for the first
person for the tenth person to the 100th
person and once you have millions of
people you have a network you have
network effects and that was sort of the
chicken and egg problem yeah so how did
you guys overcome that hurdle
well we eventually stumbled on this idea
of linking money with email because they
were ready 300 million people in 99 that
had email accounts and and so if you
could send money to an email address you
know it send it to your email and then
you get an email saying you've received
cash and then you'd obviously click on
the links and do the work necessary to
get the money out and so and so you
didn't need both counterparts to a
transaction to be part of the PayPal
Network only the sender could be part of
it and then the recipient the recipient
would sign up as they took the money out
and and then we started with the 24
people in our office those were the
first 24 customers and they sent money
to friends and to other people but gave
these referral bonuses we gave you $10
who signed up
ten dollars you got something to sign up
and it just grew exponentially when we
were you know it grew about seven to ten
percent compounding daily and now if
you're you know and you start with a
small number if you can get seven to ten
percent daily compounding and after
about a month year at a thousand people
by those mid November of 99 by end of
December of 99 it was a twelve thousand
by February third two thousand was at a
hundred thousand by mid April two
thousand was up two million and so so
what did you do look in terms of getting
people to understand the way you could
work with money differently because I
actually remember the first time I used
PayPal I think it was in 2001 I was a
struggling comic I had moved into a
roommates little apartment because I
didn't have much money and I had but I
had to pay him a couple hundred bucks or
something a month for for rent and he I
was gonna give him a check he said
PayPal me and just the idea that I was
somehow linking my bank account to
something on the computer we didn't even
have I don't know if I'm not mistaken I
think I was still using dial-up I don't
even know that we you know had had Wi-Fi
or anything like that but it's about an
idea that this can even happen how did
you train people to realize well it's
this is something that's real and it's
always on its is it normally you serve
to get people start doing something like
that it has to be something where
there's an intense need and and maybe
it's not too dangerous and so the in one
the natural places that started was on
the eBay auction site where at small
dollar transactions maybe $40 the
typical amount and if you send check
across the country that's like a seven
to ten delay 10-day delay it's slow most
people aren't set up to process credit
cards you roommate probably couldn't
process credit cards and so and so you
know but since you could make PayPal
payments with a credit card you could in
fact send a credit card payment to 300
million people whereas they're only
something like three or four million
that are set up to process their like
hundred fifty million people with emails
in the u.s. at the time there may be
three million that were set up to
process credit cards small businesses
things like that so we expanded it by
you know 147 million do you remember
what it felt like as it started
compounding the way you're talking about
like what it was like
as it was growing and you realize like
wow we really have this well you are
you're new you're at the forefront of
like some sort of revolutionary thing it
it's incredibly exciting and it's
incredibly scary and it was a is like
going to take over the world we're all
gonna die and move several times between
you know that those two several times a
day yeah was there any bizarre pushback
from banks or any anyone that was doing
financial tradition that was
traditionally there were certainly like
more than more than our share of
challenges you had a you had an enormous
problem of fraud where people just
figured out ways to hack the system and
steal money mm-hmm and then and you
can't simply get rid of fraud because
you always get rid fought it and make it
cumbersome but it's easy then it's also
easy to defraud so your challenge was
how do you get it to be easy to use but
hard to defraud and that took it took
some time there on certainly banks
didn't like there were you know they're
all the the incumbent players that that
didn't like something new and then of
course it was sort of in this in this
strange regulatory zone where you know
was a new form of payments a new form of
moving money and and you know the way
often thought of it at the time was that
we were in a race between technology and
politics and you know the politicians
didn't like us but if we got the system
the PayPal network to be big enough it
would sort of overwhelm the regulators
and they'd have to accept it as a fait
accompli
so the libertarian party you must have
loved that concept like you were
actually doing something that
libertarians or suppose there was a
early 2000 conversation you know one of
the one of the execs at PayPal said that
you we need to hire a whole bunch of
lawyers else what we what we can do or
can't do else we can't do so we have to
just go ahead and not hire the lawyers
and just just do it yeah now you know
the the sort of uh I I actually I do not
know if a company like PayPal could have
been started even two three years later
so you know in the in the aftermath of
9/11 we got the Patriot Act in the US
and that that attached you know much
more regulatory scrutiny to to financial
transactions to payments that no your
customer rules became much much trickier
and so so I do think that there's a
weird way in which there was an opening
to start a business like PayPal
in 1999 2000 even three years later I
think it might not have been possible
yeah and it's so cool to me just knowing
a lot of your ideology and the
libertarian ideas you care about and
just going ahead and building what you
want to build instead of waiting for
other people to do it I mean you
actually did it and and that's a pretty
pretty great thing well it was it was um
it was sort of the sense that you know
we were gonna change the world we're
gonna know give people more control over
their money we had all these ideas about
you know getting rid of central banks
and creating a new currency we never
quite you know got to the Bitcoin ya
stage of it we'll get to that later but
but certainly certainly these ideas were
you know we're incredibly motivational
in doing it and it is always a little
bit of a contrast from you know I always
have this view on politics where it's
both you know incredibly important and
then in many ways incredibly frustrating
yeah as it's so on it's like the air we
breathe that permeates our whole system
and then it's also so hard to ever
change you know as a as a college
student I started you know this
conservative libertarian newspaper and
Stanford the stanford review and and
there's a lot and it's important to have
debates to discuss things and then it's
often so hard to change things indeed
the the PayPal hack was in a way and
we're gonna stain the world we're gonna
ask for permission yeah you know we're
just tech technology over politics well
speaking of changing the world let's
flash forward a couple years so we're
just doing some business background
first before we get to a lot of your
ideas of the day you were the first
outside investor in facebook 500 grand
to this Zuckerberg I did you know him
well before that had you guys
communicated a lot how did that even
come to pass
not really was the sort of actually
literally the first day we met we
thought wow he for an hour we came back
and we gave him the term sheet about an
hour later so it was how was it was a
fast decision I think I think people
always have the sort of Shark Tank image
of these things the exam sort of you
know super sophisticated pitch and you
could say just the right things right
that's what works and I was nothing of
the sort and he was a he was a you know
kind of introverted 19 year old you know
sophomore between sophomore junior year
summer summer too
2004 and and and the the main and and
and and and the main thing I'd going for
was it was just growing fast they were
they were at something like twenty
college campuses they had about a
hundred thousand people on the network
and they just needed more money for
computers because there was such a
demand for for the product is they were
gonna launch at more colleges in the
fall so as that would appeal to you more
than the product itself just that you
saw engagement was already it was
already working yeah um and then but I
would I would say the other the other
part of it was that there was like a
prehistory to it so one of my one of my
good friends from PayPal back from
Stanford's guy named Reed Hoffman
he started LinkedIn later years but and
he'd worked with me at PayPal in the
late 90s early 2000s but before that he
had started a social networking company
back in 1997
seven years before Facebook and they had
they already had you know they had
social net was the name of the company
so there's social networking in the name
of the company seven years before and
there were all these things that they
had they had thought about doing so I
was gonna be you know
it was gonna be you're on the 1990s
version of social networking was we're
gonna have these avatars in cyberspace
and I might be a cat and you might be a
dog and virtual cat you're a virtual dog
we have to figure out how we relate and
it turns out people aren't weren't
really interested in that they weren't
really interested in since of a
fictional an online persona it was much
more about real identity and and somehow
Facebook was the first one to crack the
problem of real identity where you know
even those always a little bit curated
certainly for the most part people on
Facebook are who they they say they are
yeah for the most part at least so am I
mistaken you're the only person who's
been on the board of Facebook the entire
way out except for mark right right
right since the beginning yes yeah what
can I ask you about that that Facebook
won't get too angry about if I ask you
well just what's the experience like of
being a but you're part of a board from
the beginning of really the thing of the
internet what seems to drive
conversation the most on the internet
well there's um you know there's I mean
it's it's been sir like this incredible
trajectory you know uh where it's it's
it's gotten probably much bigger than I
would have thought possible at the time
you know I was you know I was incredibly
optimistic and bullish on it's certainly
back in back in 2004-2005 I think that I
think that one one kind of perspective
for a lot of the world-class
entrepreneurs is they're not specialists
there there's something close to
polymaths and so you know if you have a
conversation with Mark Zuckerberg he'd
be able to speak you know with with you
know surprising amount of understanding
about a lot of things so we could speak
about the details of the Facebook
product you could talk about you know
the way people think about social media
the psychology the the way the culture
is shifting the management of the
company has ideas on that his ideas on
and then how this fits into the bigger
history of technology and so it's uh you
know it was sort of an academic view is
often that you're like a sort of a
narrow expert on one thing mm-hm and
that's what you do and and what it is
about it's it's much more sort of this
this polymath like intellect to
understand all these different things
the kinds of board conversations we've
had over the last you know 13 14 years
have it's just been this crazy range
yeah it must be particularly interesting
for you though as sort of the outsider
in Silicon Valley and we're going to
talk about you why you moved down to LA
and all that stuff that you've been
there the whole time that it's not you
know they didn't for all the reasons
that Silicon Valley may be what it is
you weren't ever booted off the board or
anything like that they've they've let
you be the contrarian guy there so that
that actually must that's a good thing
about Silicon Valley I suppose or at
least within the little microcosm that
you sit in right no I I you know I I
don't experience you know a great deal
of hostility to me personally you know
people you know it's it's it's you just
you you always you know it's it's it's
sort of manifests in all sorts of other
way so I do think Silicon Valley at this
point has a bit of a conformity problem
it has you know a bit of a way in which
people are
- too much all thinking the same way
it's just like the there was you know
the the Apple I saw this this meme on
the internet the other day where was
sort of the Silicon Valley 1997 : think
different that's the look in valley 2018
: think the same yeah and and so there
is something that's uh that's gone
that's gone a bit wrong even though you
know it's it's I'm hard-pressed to cite
things were you know it's really
affected me personally yeah all right
well I was actually gonna push that to a
little bit later but let's just stay
with that for now then do you remember
moments did you see some markers along
the way where you realized some of this
groupthink was affecting the actual
products where where the actual ability
to create new technologies or new
products where that was actually causing
stagnation because I sent I said it's
been sort of a long road to get here but
you have sort of been talking about this
for a while now and I think there's a
direct connection to the diversity myth
which we'll also talk about what you
wrote you know twenty years there great
right well I I do think Silicon Valley
has shifted a lot over over the years so
I was in an undergraduate at Stanford in
the late 1980s Stanford was sort of a
very liberal politically correct place
but the Silicon Valley surrounding not
so much it was vaguely libertarian you
know it was it was a moderate Republican
congressional district and and then so
by the late 90s I would say to shifted
to being sort of a moderate moderate
Democrat which is around the time I
started PayPal and he fast forward
another twenty years it's sort of it's
it's it's sort of a pretty hard left
yeah so what is it what do you think has
there because it seems to me that if I
was taking the people that I wanted to
be the most creative the most outside
the box the most to look at the system
and go how do we fix the system from the
outside you'd want a lot of libertarian
thinkers that's that's the way I would
at least look at it so you'd think that
everyone in Silicon Valley would be
pretty libertarian they want to do
things on their own and yet somehow in
those twenty years it became the Opera
well it's it's all I can only ask the
question why is it why is it so so long
I think these things are you know
there's somewhat over to term
so I would say part of it is on is that
it's probably the most educated part of
the country in terms of how much time
people spent in college mm-hmm and I
think one of the downsides of too much
education is that you get the most
brainwashed and so it's it's it's the
most educated can also mean that it is
it is the it is the most brainwashed you
know this is perhaps not so true of the
