[Music]
all right Saget we did career that was
it that was my career is just beginning
literally our career ended my career
completely it ended
we never got best fuller house / no we
did Benjamin we're good we did Benjamin
we you know we got weird all this stuff
coming yeah we didn't even talk about
half-baked
but we'll just know that we'll just say
that it never actually did that in real
life my love never did the real life you
know got it okay all right let's talk I
just want to about politician just kind
of what you think is going on in the
world because that's what you do here
that is what I do here but even though I
only know you a little bit from the
conversation we had at dinner I got just
got a sense that like you actually
you're obviously very sensitive like
that's pretty clear I'm overly sensitive
little like you want people to be
treated well and fair ever think of
myself as a liberal must be well what
did I think I look at myself as a
humanist I was on a plane the other day
which no comedians ever said and the
gentleman was on the plane and he had
and he was about 60 years old and he
seemed like a successful businessman of
some kind and I was in the first class
section because there was a cat back in
coach it was a cat for a case you get
sick she had her security animal to keep
her what do you call those animal the
you know special animal yeah the may use
special needs
yeah animo or whatever but I'm a deathly
allergic so I was up front I know cats
do same thing so I was saying to this
gentleman and he had on big bright red
america-first
shirt and so if I was a I guess a what
you brand as a liberal I guess that
shirt would bother me but I just looked
at the guy and he seemed like a nice guy
I didn't I just said do you have an
allergy to cats he went no my wife's got
a cat I said so you have a cat ago no my
wife has a cat and when we laughed a
little bit and
what it said on a shirt on his shirt
isn't a shirt I would wear it's not
where I'm at I mean I do believe I do
believe I love America I believe that
where you live you want to put first you
want to take care of your people you
want to take care of your hometown oh
you're coming out with that far-right
craziness or you want to take care of
your country oh but down the narrow
narrow down down down down down but I
don't but I'm not if you're if you're
kind and you're not out doing some
closet hatred or blatant hatred I don't
know but I just look at my dad's whole
thing was be kind to people so it sounds
like a pacifist might bother people but
that's what we're supposed to do yeah is
the problem with that that you just get
nipped off by both sides I mean I see
that a lot now that I do think there's
this interesting Center developing I
don't even know other's sides I mean I
of course not yeah of course I do
yeah but you know and the and people go
well you're a Democrat right now I'm
like I'll vote for anybody that can get
us out of this mess
you know I bring my dad back from the
grave and vote for him he'd be such a
good candidate a living a Grateful Dead
video yeah I don't know
try agree where are you when you
consider yourself a liberal is that
where you are yeah I still consider
myself a liberal but most of the liberal
things that I believe in I can pretty
much explain from a libertarian
perspective right and that I just don't
want the government involved in my life
that's it and I think you should live
your life however you see fit and I'll
live mine however I see fit like you
have a lot more money than me right fair
to say I don't know but we're gonna do
spreadsheet exams right after this is
over let's be clear I'm on YouTube
you've been on network television you've
got three chickens outside I don't have
three chickens I don't know their value
but you could have chickens the point is
I don't deserve any of your stuff just
because you make more money than me
right I can't have any of your money it
would be nice I suppose but I don't
deserve any but that's what taxes are
about and that's where our incredibly
rich society and our incredibly
poor society are at odds with each other
and that has been since the beginning of
time since you know castles were built
with a dictator and a king living in it
yeah and everybody had to go build all
this stuff and they were slaves so I
mean it's it does it the metaphor
doesn't change the representation
doesn't change that the downtrodden are
downtrodden and are disgruntled and then
other people are angry at things that
that they should just take a freaking
chill pill over yeah
well that cuts an outrage thing well
there's a lot to be outraged over also
because all the the problem with you
know wanting to entertain people was
wanting to be a comedian is it's nearly
impossible when there's so many deaths
when there's so many tragic things
happening which there always have been
but we are at a news ratio where it's
coming at us you just you know you hit
your computer on and it says you know
news alert and you hit news alert and
you're like you're afraid to hit the
button you're afraid to get up at the
Morton and hit whatever news service you
yeah go to so that's just a matter of us
knowing about it more because I have
Steven Pinker on next week who's a
Harvard psychologist who and his whole
argument is actually that things are
better than they've ever been abusing
empirical scientific evidence about the
amount of people that are being exposed
quicker well because we actually have
more people out of poverty now worldwide
than ever before more people with
drinkable water than ever before more
people that live in mobile environment
Enlightenment values and everywhere but
we see more people with drinkable water
yeah more than not around the world no
way around the world more now than ever
before
well that might be true is that our we
hundred percent that's true I'm pretty
sure that's true but what about what
about more people being murdered what
about the safety of our kids what about
you know all these things over but
Gonzo's most of those markers actually
they're better than ever before
it's just that we hear about them all
the time now right and we obsess over
them not and we and we obsess over the
negative yeah because we're now
presented the positive and if we're
presented the positive it's through a
skewed broadcast it's it's it's not
really presented by someone that
comforts you this show comforts you more
than most shows because of the way you
handle it
that's just a fact this is you're trying
to watch use several times you're trying
to put two factions together that might
have similar or opposed views discussing
opposed views and are saying why can't
it be like this because if you try to go
toward an idealistic goal the dream of
it is how you can almost get there
that's that's how the country was
founded besides you know taking a lot of
things away from the people that lived
here that's a whole other show that
you've got three in your yard
pretty good so I just try to get you out
of this now yeah I'm not really
politically astute but did I make any
sense yeah well you are making some
sense but I think you actually are I
mean you're around Mara all the time
well that must be I saw just last night
and he said Aloha cuz we were in Hawaii
together yeah but I do say that I'd
rather get my news from you know from
John Oliver and and Bill Maher and
Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers and
Jimmy Kimmel then the newscasters what
does that tell you about just media we
we need a relief and so the news itself
is already a parody and it's also so
obsessive no matter where it's coming
from and we're also dealing with a
regime which flip-flops in the media and
on Twitter faster than I then its ever
existed because we never had a president
tweet us you know this just did we did I
mean Obama did but right but it wasn't
it was it like I hate this I love this
you know
18:21 you know 21:18 it's like you're in
Vegas yeah you know just double down do
you see him as the problem though or is
a symptom because I
really see well I think that the symptom
he is a symptom it was it was voting for
a guy that was on a show that said
you're fired so what do you expect to
get you know if you're gonna if you're
gonna get the host of America's Got
Talent
you're gonna get the most out of people
it's good to be the the best procession
ever it could be dancers and singers and
yeah if you had been the president
people would be getting big jokes no you
you would from me I guarantee you a dick
joke a day and I would tweet them and
not three in the morning I do not tweet
well three in the morning no one should
know well no one except the president
because but but I just think you know
what did we expect but I think a lot of
people were surprised and I think it
doesn't matter it's happening yeah and
this is it and so we want a better
humanity and there are great people in
the world and there are great people in
other countries leading the world the
best they can and there's a lot of
slackers and there's other people that
are just part of the political bunch of
crap but they're still great people and
there's great people watching this
there's nice people watching your show
yeah you're a nice person nice people
you don't I don't think you get a lot of
haters do you get I having a ridiculous
amount of haters you do yeah because I
talk about the problems that I see with
the modern-day left and the Liberals and
they don't like someone to address those
things that was once one of them but I
got this great fake manner why can't
they they don't fall don't fall for that
well I'm like a perfect shrink come on
could you could calm me down through
tightrope walking that was because we
slipped a little thing in your water
there is something in my water I'm
feeling different yes notice the tone is
change I'm not leaving I'm on the show
tomorrow are the walls vibrating it oh
yeah oh I bet he's moved in yeah there
anyone that is an eye chart behind you
you know that it says Los Angeles but
it's an eye chart
pretty clever huh yeah that's really it
we call that art well done Mr
Bond pretty good is there anyone that
you're paying attention to these days
that you
he's making some sense because I
appreciate all the comments but the
compliments but like that's what I think
I'm doing here is just trying to make a
little sense of something to me to be
honest John Oliver has been I can't
think of anyone political that has made
me go well there is a great hope there
and I'm interested in something some
people had to say that seemed wow that
was noble but they're not gonna do
anything about it or they're not gonna
run or but I'd like to think there's
someone out there you know I'd like to
think you think that's part of it that
we all talk a lot but we don't do I
sense that's sort of what's happening
here yeah so is that everyone's saying
 that's all it is
we're fighting always just a bunch of
 voices it's frequencies
everywhere gone all through our heads
it's just noise so Trump was like
alright I'm gonna do it none of you do
anything and Trump's like alright I'll
do it I'll run for president you morons
and guess what he was right yeah and the
way he does it he can turn anything he
wants into a rally if he feels the
moment and he gets the right South Park
background behind yeah but he's doing it
and I don't know I just don't know
anything it's too you can't predict a
thing and we want that security is
feeling secure that you know at least
what tomorrow brings we don't know what
an hour from now brings we have never
been on our haunches more not knowing
what's gonna come out of him out of the
White House who's going to get fired but
that's not the issue the issue is
where's the world at and where's our
kids at and where are the things that
really matter what really matters is
people this is sort of like you're
giving me the ending of a full house
episode and you know I want to tell you
something else see honey I don't want
you drinking beer at the prom and you
cannot have a horse in the living room
this is where the synthesizer music yeah
yeah and you know what always follow
your gut because your guts not wrong if
you feel it deep inside then take
imodium because any moment there could
be a release
I wish I could have done full house like
that that would have been nice totally
didn't give you a chance for bloopers
like that where you could just Oh their
bloopers yeah grills that were that I
said horrific things yeah
theirs is I wrote a book called dirty
daddy and i stoled I talked about
something I did on the set once and I
got in a lot of trouble I won't say what
it is because it's it's not repeatable
on this YouTube channel but it is in
that book and it was something I should
not have done with with a well I can't I
can't say it but it was something that
happened because big something okay I
did something that we had stand-ins for
the kids that were mannequins and I was
alone on the set with just the crew and
the monitors were on and I didn't know
that not acceptable under these
conditions no we're under this time do
you ever worry about that because you
you still I mean no because everything
someone goes oh someone's gonna come for
wind when's you're being bad thing gonna
come out I don't know look at my last
special yeah you want it it's right
there in a weird way that's like you're
it's like your saving grace sort of like
you know I am a confessional yeah I mean
and there's a story in there in 0 to 60
this special where I say I was given
ludes by a club owner which were serious
drugs it was a yes like a roofie
terrible drug from wolf of wallstreet
Jonah Hill and and Leo DiCaprio and a
club owner told me to give it to a
waitress and I could have my way with
her and I instead to cut to the chase
and ruin a joke I actually took it
myself to knock myself out so because
she was kind of hitting on me because I
did it too that's kind of guy am so all
my stuff's out there because I didn't I
didn't do anything
diabolical that I can recall seeing
yourself right can you yes yeah can you
can you add that I can recall to every
single thing I said on this entire
interview that's what politicians do
okay so I'm gonna come in and I'm gonna
voice-over this new hire interview
so that I can recall yeah I feel we
should end this either with something
hitting you in the nuts or Sun or a song
or else we could do a song but you
already gave me the nice full house
ending what do you think is you you are
the one here with the brain tell me what
you think is the hope of know how this
how we connect it is communication yeah
that this is happening now that people
are doing this that you know what I mean
your divorce your fiance Kelly came
across me we traded a couple messages on
Twitter I was like oh she gets it like
she's trying to find some answers I'm
trying to find some answers and she we
went out for dinner we all became
friends immediately yeah and that people
and that whatever differences that we
may have we're you know you're probably
still a little more left than I am on
something or what just doesn't even
matter
yeah mine I think on some things
probably you're probably a little more
yeah I know it doesn't erode I dress
left
I don't know that counts it just doesn't
even matter but the point is that that
the reason that shows like this are
working is because of this that you were
willing to come here sit down
I wanted to come here yeah yeah you
immediately said to me that you wanted
to come but at that point it's like
people want this now they are so tired
of the other thing and all we're doing
is exactly what Tom Snyder did and he
was just talking to the camera but or
what Carl he had a guess or what William
F Buckley or any of these people who
said let's try to find some answers and
you can get I think as many answers from
Bob Saget as you can from the guys I get
I think you get far more answers from
listening to someone like you who has
some life experience and that cares then
you can virtually listening to CNN all
day long well you can get what we never
got into which we don't I don't want to
get into which is all the death that I
have in my family so much death of
friends I just lost someone today they
just I think man we can go there I'm bad
luck well all I was gonna say was that's
what centers everybody because the
things we all go through our birth and
death and they all happen differently
and when they happen at an unfortunate
age like I lost two sisters at 34 and 47
that's that's what centers you that
bigger than everything is the loss of
life and when people die when young
people die there's nothing more that's
all that matters
yeah the rest of it is your belief this
is that this is that it's yes you want
to solve in a civilization how to keep
people alive but the empathy is what's
missing and just quickly to touch on
what we didn't touch him but we talked
about before the show started you know
okay
I like the talk shows that exist at
night the chat shows as they call them
in England when I would do Johnny Carson
show and before him was Jack Parr who I
got to meet and before him was Steve
Allen who I got to meet and these are
guys that they all had The Tonight Show
those gentlemen
and then Johnny ended up with it that
was viewed how they would tell their
guests you're coming to a cocktail party
mm-hmm how do I dress like a cocktail
party how do I talk you're at a cocktail
party you're in Johnny's living room and
he's sharing that living room with
everybody well why does he have a desk
in his living because he wants a desk he
wants a place for his ashtray he smokes
got a little maybe he's got a drink
there whatever that's why I believe even
that that they used to do that I mean I
there's a lot I can like what they're
smoking they're drinking you know Burt
Reynolds is wasted I mean it's amazing
and that's not what we want we don't
want to see it although sometimes we do
we see some strange things that happened
I mean Letterman certainly had some you
know Joaquin Phoenix moments those kind
of things we're still gonna see more
stuff like that people are gonna do
whatever trippy stuff they're doing but
the truth of it is those late-night
shows are supposed to be entertainment
that's what they're supposed to be
they've become a bit of let's attack
everything today yeah that we've been
through because look what happened today
because it's been getting ratings and
people that necessarily might not do
political comedy like James Corden he's
an entertainment oriented man he's been
