[Music]
[Music]
all right people we are back I jokingly
said that we were gonna crash the
internet and I'm pretty sure we crashed
YouTube literally out of every live
stream we have ever done we have never
had an issue I don't know what happened
there I have conferred with these two
fine men and we're not willing to
completely go down the conspiracy theory
yet we're gonna have to just recap what
happened in ten minutes I believe well
first off Ben Shapiro to my left
ironically Jordan Peterson to my right I
believe that we are fully right now in
an idea revolution we talked about this
for about 10 minutes we'll try to recap
a little bit of what we started with and
then get to some more all new stuff as
I've said to the guys they're welcome to
talk directly to each other if they have
questions for me we can there are no
rules here there are never rules in here
but truly today there are no rules and I
think that these guys are in the thick
of something just tremendously important
right now and relevant and that's why
they're blowing up the way that they are
ok let's try to do some of that again
although you guys were both quite
eloquent the 10 minutes ago idea
revolution do you believe that we are in
an idea revolution right now well this
is what I think's happening I think and
I think this accounts for the
attractiveness of the content that I put
on YouTube so when Nietzsche diagnosed
the death of God about a hundred and
fifty years ago and his he made three
predictions he said people will as a
consequence our culture will shape - the
roots will become nihilistic or
totalitarian in response or will invent
our own values ok those were those were
his three possibilities and then and
then of course we became nihilistic and
totalitarianism totalitarian through the
20th century and many tens of millions
of people died as a consequence which
Nietzsche also foretold specifically he
said that a hundred million people would
die because of the rise of communist
ideas he said that in will to power so
then he predicted that while we would
have to invent our own values then the
psychoanalyst came along they said well
wait a second you can't you can't create
your own values because you're not
master in your own house there are
forces operating inside of you that are
autonomous and for Freud those were
proud
primarily biological forces but young
took that a step further and he said
wait a minute biology is a lot more
sophisticated and complex than you think
and there are symbolic forces at work he
thought of the archetypes as images of
the instincts for example but the
instincts were a lot more sophisticated
than people thought so it's not just an
instinct to aggression let's say there's
an instinct to operating properly so
that you walk up hierarchies human
hierarchies of competence it'd be
something like that and that's a that's
an archetype of the ideal in some sense
Jung thought the gods didn't disappear
they went inside they went into the
psyche and so he dove down as far as he
could dive to find out what those
eternal images were and to bring them
back up to the surface and that's what
I've been continuing I would say in my
lectures I'm saying look there's there
are elements to the ancient story that
are not only they're deeply correct and
you cannot live and you live in hell
unless you know them it's something like
that and that's the case so and I think
that's I'm hoping that's what is
happening is that people are starting to
understand that people people's lives do
have a transcendent purpose that's the
most appropriate way of looking at life
that our brains are in fact evolved to
reveal that purpose to us which I also
believe I think the neural neurological
evidence in that regard is quite clear I
believe that and so I hope I'm hoping
that what we're we're at the end of
postmodern despair that's what I'm
hoping yeah so to me what you're giving
there is sort of a realist version of
religion you're you're saying these
stories are needed for a very real way I
suspect you basically agree with that
yeah I mean I do and what's what's
fascinating about this is I mean Jordan
may be closer to Aristotle than I am to
Plato but I think that we almost have a
platonic versus a wrist is healing an
argument going on here because it seems
like what you're talking about is the
idea that if we dig down deep enough
into our biology's and into our neural
networks what we find is a common set of
shared values that if you refuse to
acknowledge them leads to grave
unhappiness and well I'm almost every
level right and what I'm coming from is
almost a platonic idea which is that the
mind of man reflects the mind of God the
extent that you can
not only is I would argue in Orthodox
your revelation is necessary but even if
you don't use revelation that using your
capacity to reason you can find a
purpose in something above but we end up
at the same place which is the set of
values that if you actually if you if
you stray away from this common set of
values and I'm talking like the most
root level values personal
responsibility freewill it's your job to
be responsible for members of your
family it's our job to make good
decisions and responsible decisions and
not to blame the society around you for
failures that you are yourself
responsible for you can't surpass your
own innate capacity and in in terms that
you can expect society to make up for
your lack of innate capacity in certain
areas you just have to make the most of
what you have in front of you you and I
agree on values but I think that the
source of the values there's gonna be a
slight disagreement I think I think it's
a it's a it's a profound place for
disagreement because and I don't
understand how to mediate it exactly
because I'm not willing to dispense with
the metaphysical no when I did my
biblical lectures last year I called him
up it's like a psychological approach
for a typical stories right because I
wanted to push a secular interpretation
a scientific interpretation which by the
way is not interrupted I think that
that's supremely useful to people
specifically because I mean despite the
fact that I come from a religious
background I'm trying to make arguments
that are not religious and orientation
and never cite to the Bible and I talk
about values for example I never cite
regulation it's valuable to me because I
think that that's a good source of the
values and I think that it's a relevant
source of the values but it is not the
only way to achieve those guys I've
never suggested for example that
atheists can't be moral or that you can
be an agnostic and not believe in
judeo-christian systems of Revelation
and come to the same exact set of values
that we're talking about now well and
it's also a simpler argument to make
because you constrain the number of
necessary very exactly so but that I'm
but having said that I'm not willing to
dispense with the metaphysical and I
think like I think it's and I'm like
stretching the edges of my cognitive
ability when I'm talking about this sort
of thing because I'm in realms that I
don't understand that it's it's that I'm
just getting vague pics ISM but I think
it's as if there's a there's a
revelation from evolution that matches
the revelation from above the new things
come together and I
I don't understand how that can be
possible I think it has something to do
with the fundamental nature of
consciousness which is something we
seriously do not understand and so I can
see you can make a straight biological
case for the evolution of archetypes but
I don't think that the biological
explanation exhausts the archetype
there's more to it and because and what
I've learned too in delving into these
religious stories but also into
religious experience is that it's
bottomless like there is a point where
as you dig into the archetypal
everything turns into one thing
biological spiritual transcendent it's
all one thing from the top to the bottom
and I think people get intimations of
that when they have profound experiences
experiences that are generated by music
for example it might love for my sex or
there's a variety of ways that they can
be anytime you have an experience of
meaning in your life and I can also see
that and I believe this to be the case
is that you are you're neurologically
adapted to a universe where meaning is
the highest instinct and I mean that
technically is that when you're sitting
in a situation where what's happening
around you is meaningful what your
nervous system is signaling to you is
that you occupy the optimal position in
the dynamic territory that you currently
inhabit and that's and that sense of
meaning is it's not just cortical it's
it's way deeper than merely cortical and
so that's a very exciting that's a very
exciting discovery I would say I think
that because the again a place where we
agree is that meaning is uncovered it's
not some it's discovered it's not
something that you're making up yourself
and that's why I think it's revealed
exactly and because we're going
happiness exactly and I think that one
of the reasons that that the message
that we're putting out there is is
making people happier actually mmm even
though we're both pessimists by nature I
would think is that what we're basically
saying is that in this land of chaos
where you could have wandering around
with no meaning there is a meaning and
if you search for it you'll find it but
you haven't be open to the concept that
there is a meaning yes we discover yes
and if you shut yourself out from that
by just saying there's no meaning to be
discovered meaning is to be made up by
you and you can do what you want a
phenomenal right exactly
it's just something that you experience
but it's not really real
you know that that kind of stuff is is I
think disquieting to people and so
there's something that quiets the soul
yeah that says you have purpose and and
if you don't have purpose then maybe
it's because you're searching in the
wrong place yeah whatever
yes possibility that's right there's a
few interesting things that you said
there because it's like I know you guys
pretty well at this point and and this
crew of people that were sort of in when
when we're off camera we're actually
talking about the exact same thing it's
like we are lit whether this camera was
on right now or off like we're living
this thing all the time I think it's I
can speak from my own experience in this
regard it's made me a better person and
I will and I'm still striving to be
about I'm more authentic I'm more honest
I'm constantly I mean I sit in this
chair when it's over there and look at
the person over here every week and I
actually hear and I listen right and I
sit across great minds and I go wow I
have to reevaluate some of the things
that I think and I sometimes it's
because I disagree with someone you know
and I'm like they really don't know what
they're talking about but often it's
hopefully that I'm hearing somebody say
some great right this is what's really
interesting and I think what's what's
great about conversations like this one
is when yeah if I have Jordan on my
facebook live and I ask him questions or
he'll have me on his YouTube and he's
asking questions what we're all really
in the business of all of us who are
occupying the spaces asking questions
and we're treated as weird because we're
asking the questions if they're actually
listening to the answers yeah exactly
I always think well you know you might
have something to tell me that's my rule
number eleven by the way yeah right
assume that the person you're listening
to might know something you don't
right I mean because then you can they
can tell you that to you and if you
learn it then you don't have to run face
first into a brick wall
exactly it's really helped and and from
Jewish tradition that's deeply embedded
in Jewish tradition that the wise man is
the man who learns from every man around
him hmm and so this idea is is it's what
unifies this really disparate stream of
people yeah the three of us people like
sam harris people echo rogen right I
mean like you look at me and Joe Rogan
what we have we like asking questions
right we actually look like you and
there's different species well that's
how I found the same thing when I was on
Chaco willings podcast it's like you
know we're we're very different people
but that's what's in common is that
we're able to have a conversation we're
actually able to have a conversation and
and that we're aiming I think we're all
aiming at making things better rather
than worse which is also a very
important thank Tomas
one of the things that makes that happen
is the fact that we are as you say
talking about first principles all the
time when people will talk at the top of
the iceberg then it's impossible to for
them to even see sometimes that they're
actually standing on two different
icebergs right they're not seeing the
commonalities of and they're not seeing
what's different like if I argue first
principles with somebody then you can
see how those first principles manifest
in political differences in the business
that I'm in but if you're just arguing
about a certain political policy without
examining anything that goes underneath
there then you just end up clubbing each
other and not even understanding what
the other person saying cuz you don't
understand the set of values they're
deriving those political polls part of
the problem that we have right now in
our culture is trying to diagnose the
level at which the discussion should be
taking place and I think the reason that
this is a tumultuous time is because it
actually is a time for discussion of
first principles and it's it's that
first principles are virtually at the
level of theology because first
principles are the things that you
assume and then move forwards like well
what should we assume well the dignity
of the human soul let's start with that
you can't treat yourself properly
without assuming that you can't have a
relationship with another person you
can't stabilize your family you can't
have a functional Society so what does
it mean for this human soul to have
dignity well the part of the idea is
that you're participating in creation
itself and you do that with your actions
in your language and you get to decide
whether you're tilting the world a bit
more towards heaven or a bit more
towards hell and that's actually what
you're doing so that's a place where the
literal and the metaphorical truth comes
together and people are very they're
terrified of that idea as they should be
because it's a massive responsibility
it's a massive realization of
responsibility to understand that all
the decisions that you make during the
day are decisions between hell and
heaven essentially and but I think there
is no truer way of saying that so as you
guys have both sort of hit the level
that you're at and I was at the turning
point thing with you couple weeks ago
and you literally came out it was like
the Rolling Stones came out I mean
people people were going bananas I
talked about all my political
differences with them that we've
discussed about being pro-choice and for
gay marriage although they're basically
okay with that and and being pro pot and
all that and I got a standing ovation we
did our thing in
sin and the line for you after was
longer than the line for me and I told
you this but I was like man that makes
me want to be better I have to I wasn't
jealous of you I was like man he's doing
something great and I have to be better
so my question for you is this was all
meant to be right I mean without going
to religious or metaphysical but the
internet sort has now allowed all of the
people that were watching television and
seeing pop culture and gone something is
really wrong here something is missing
the Internet has sort of forced us
together I mean that's this this growing
group is because we're it's not because
we're all looking for it it's because
we're being forced together and what's
really funny is the way that everybody
is introduced to our work is is the same
way but it's the way that you wouldn't
expect so most people I think Jordan
originally saw you in a confrontation
with somebody over transgender pronouns
right and that's how most people began
to engage and then suddenly you are
getting 500,000 views on discussions of
biblical stories from Genesis which I
mean let's be frank if if the first
thing never happens 5,000 because right
and the same thing is true for me right
the way that I originally kind of drew
public attention was because I was on
Piers Morgan's show and I shall act him
on a show and so all of a sudden people
were now listening to our long lectures
about about you know my ideas on
philosophy and root principles of the
founding fathers if it came for the
scandal and stayed for the content and
that's and that's I think the advantage
that it takes a particular skill set for
everyone in this space to be able to do
that but that's that's the beauty of the
of the YouTube moment and of the
Internet moment is that people are
engaging it in the news level if you
just watch any new cable news channel
the news cycle is about 30 seconds long
then there's the headlines again and so
that's the level at which we consume but
if you see every sees the flashpoint for
you or the flashpoint for me or the
flashpoint for Sam with Ben Affleck or
the flashpoint for you with number many
of them for you and then they and then
they want more and it's the introduction
of it it's basically the gateway drug
like there's a 30-second video that's
the gateway drug to these two hour-long
lectures about deeper principles and
people and the reason that the question
is why those flash points flash and I
think that because what makes those
different what makes it that people want
to see that and then they go okay now I
want to see the rest of their content
and start streaming tons of videos from
these folks happy newman video so is a
good
yeah so let's get to that one second I
just want to leave that is is just that
I think it's incongruity they see
something different and if you notice
difference in the society on any level
then you are automatically a pariah and
an outlier and we all know deep down
that there are distinctions and
differences to be made logically between
I'm not talking about groups of people
ethnically you know for some odd reason
I'm talking about just logical
distinctions between modes of thought
and logical distinctions between between
certain policies and if you are willing
to draw distinctions instead of just
saying that we have to exist in this
morass of identity politics that's it's
a flash in the darkness and people
gravitate toward the light like mom well
it's partly because the problem with the
problem with relativism let's say let's
say that that did produce a radical
state of equality well the problem with
that is that there's no up and the
