[Music]
as of this recording almost a million of
you watched my chat with jordan peterson
and ben shapiro last week on youtube and
a couple hundred thousand more of you
have listened to the audio podcast while
the mainstream media continues to
spoon-feed the masses soundbite
clickbait we're here doing some real
proof of concept work to prove that you
guys are a lot smarter than they think
while mainstream media focuses on trumps
diet coke habit we're here talking about
the Marxist roots of post-modernism and
the secular and religious arguments over
where rights come from i received a
bunch of emails from you guys after the
livestream saying that jordan often says
things that go over your head but you
actually go ahead and pause the video
and do some research for yourself I'll
be totally honest with you sometimes he
says things that fly by me as well and
while I usually try to pause him to
clarify obviously I can't always do that
in the midst of a conversation while
you're learning through these
conversations know that I'm learning
right next to you
after the Petersons Shapiro live stream
Jordan got in a well-deserved nap and
then spoke to a sold-out crowd of 2,000
people at the Orpheum Theatre here in LA
Jordan was nice enough to let me
introduce him as a special surprise
guest to the audience and I got to tell
you it was truly the best reception I've
ever received on stage I did a couple
minutes to stand up cracking jokes about
lobsters and the importance of cleaning
your room but there was something beyond
just the laughs that I could feel on the
stage the room felt lit with intellect
and curiosity 2,000 strangers coming
together to hear a middle-aged
psychology professor talk about how
fixing yourself is the only way to fix
the world
this simply wouldn't have happened even
two years ago because so many of you who
dare think differently were silenced by
false cries of racism and bigotry people
like Jordan and Ben are using their
intellect to say what they believe and
that in turn is showing millions of
people out there that they can do the
exact same thing whether you like or
hate Trump this idea revolution is
directly related to his election
everything is up in the air right now
from our political institutions to our
educational institutions to our media
instead
toons as Eric Weinstein and I discussed
a few months back perhaps some of us
would have preferred less upheaval to
get us to address the problems with
these institutions but perhaps that more
selective tactful upheaval actually
never happens as I said to Eric he
wanted a panther in a china shop but all
that was available was the bull as the
Rolling Stones taught us you can't
always get what you want but you get
what you need as most of you probably
have already seen we followed up our
chat with Peterson and Shapiro with the
brothers weinstein Eric and Brett it was
their first public appearance together
ever and I have to say that my brain is
still in recovery mode from taking in so
many high-level important ideas if the
dial of ideas was turned too low for the
last few years it's quickly moving into
the hot position the dial is moving
because the conversations were having
here are finally starting to leak out
into the rest of the world
that's why thousands of you are showing
up at Jordan Peterson events and at live
Sam Harris podcasts and by the way Sam
and Jordan disagree on pretty much
everything especially the most
fundamental existential questions that
exist yet we're all on the same side
because the only real enemy is the
authoritarians who want to control us so
that they can have a silenced once you
realize that you'll suddenly find
yourself with many more allies and many
less enemies so it probably goes without
saying that I'm feeling incredibly
positive about the direction things are
heading and I hope that you are too this
month we're gonna continue having real
conversations with people who are truly
affecting the world with their thoughts
and their actions we've got a five-time
bank robber who became a Georgetown Law
professor we've got a former head of
FEMA and we've got a nuclear power
expert running for governor of
California also I'm thrilled to share
with you that we're doing five shows in
five days with five experts on five
different presidents of the United
States to celebrate presidents week from
some founders like Jefferson Adams and
Madison to JFK and Lincoln the stories
of our past are as relevant as ever as
we fight for the liberty of today oh and
yes we'll be doing plenty more of the
three-person sit downs as well who do
you want sitting down across from each
other let us know in the comments right
down below after all there's an idea
revolution happening right now and it
may not be televised
but it's definitely
to be streamed we're continuing our
partnership with learn liberty this week
and joining me today is an associate
professor of law at Georgetown Law
School as well as the founder of prison
professors dot-com
Sean Hopwood welcome to the Rubin report
all right thanks for having me so I got
to tell you man I have been in
partnership with learn Liberty for about
a year and a half or so and it's a great
partnership they send me a list of great
professors and academics from all over
the country they say if you want to talk
to any of these people
we'll make them available easy enough
you have by far the craziest bio of
anyone that they have passed along to me
I suspect you know that in advance you
don't have many public intellectuals who
have gone to federal prison for robbing
banks you are the first one out of the
law I mean they've given us lists of
hundreds of people that we select out of
I I've gotten used to be on the Freak
Show
yeah at one point it used to bother me
but I I tend to embrace it now yeah so
yes you spent 12 years in a federal
prison for bank robbery we're obviously
gonna have to hear that story should I
be concerned at all that this is in my
house you've now seen my security system
and everything else I think you'll be
okay yeah when I took a meeting while
you were sitting in the green room I
thought maybe he could be you know doing
some stuff but yeah yeah probably
emailing with students yeah all right
that's my new life these days
that's your new life you have cleaned up
you're wearing a suit you've got legit
as they say I've cleaned up I brought my
First Amendment socks with me yeah yeah
Oh
given the finger to the man that's right
all right I'm a big believer on the
First Amendment I'm pretty much a First
Amendment absolutist me too all right
well then we're in good company here all
right so here we go so let's just start
with it with the big story you've robbed
a bank what are you doing
yeah robbed five of them what was I
doing I was a young 20 year old man who
had no purpose in life and did not way
out the consequences of my actions on
myself so it's not hard to realize that
I wasn't really thinking about the
consequences of my actions on anyone
else and everyone always wants to what
was the big reason why and the reason is
I was young
20 and stupid and part of my Redemption
out of that was just growing up all
right so just tell me how this even
happens when does the idea of I'll rob a
bank like you can be young and yes and
misguided and everything else and Daffy
you might you know steal some stuff from
the candy store
it's a robbing a bank differently yeah
no that's right a friend of mine invited
me to the bar in my hometown sprawling
metropolis of 2,500 people and rural
Nebraska and said hey what do you think
about robbing a bank and most people
would have said no you're crazy laughs
done anything and my response was that
sounds like a great idea
and so we discussed it over beers and I
don't think either one of us thought we
were gonna actually do it yeah that
night but we started taking steps and
then once we got into it it was kind of
took me on a downward spiral yeah so
from that conversation to to the first
robbery how long was that probably six
months okay so now just had that we had
to hype ourselves up to actually do it
yeah
so what were those conversations like I
mean what were their multiple plans of
how to go about doing this was this all
like the way you see it in old western
just showing up at the know yeah give me
some yeah we planned it out we had
stolen a car went to the bank ran in the
bank with guns yelled at everyone
grabbed as much money as we could we
never intended to hurt anyone
the guns were there pretty much for show
and then we left and dumped the stolen
car and got into a grain truck because
this was August in Nebraska and no one's
gonna think about bank robbers being in
a grain truck and we drove lives and you
did this five times yeah you know once
we started doing it I had to use drugs
and alcohol to kind of get over the fact
that I had a lot of guilt it's not like
I didn't know this was wrong yeah and so
once we got into it we started spending
money when you make using money it's
easy to spend it yeah just was a year
of trying to party that's fascinating so
you get all this money and now the guilt
of the action is now the financial part
that's fueling yeah sure your need to do
it again yeah and I was going through
depression and some other issues and I
just I needed I needed somebody to say
what are you doing and I never really
got that and the guys I were with we're
all in the same place early 20s didn't
have a job didn't know what they wanted
to do with their life and we kind of
filled each other for this year-long
spree yeah
putting aside the the drugs for a second
I mean what about the rush of just doing
it I would imagine you know even though
it it's a criminal act obviously but
just like getting away with something
that sounds so crazy ya know it's not
really a rush every time you go in the
bank everything in your body is the only
you do not do this you kind of have to
shut that off yeah you kind of have to
shut rational thought down because if it
was rational you would not be doing it
if you were thinking rationally you
would not walk into a bank because you
know at the end of the day I got less
than $200,000 for all those banks well
served 11 years in prison and ended up
having to pay all the money back anyway
and so rationally didn't make much sense
from a cost-benefit analysis maybe isn't
the best idea well this is this is why
this is one of the big reasons why we
impose long sentences on people in this
country is this belief in general
deterrence if I give you a 20-year
sentence it's going to deter everyone
else all the literature says that that
doesn't actually happen
yeah people that commit crimes are a lot
of it is young men 18 to 25 these are
not people that weigh out the
consequences mm-hmm drug addiction
alcoholism mental health issues again
not people that weigh out the
consequences of their actions but even
if they did let's just pretend they did
mm-hmm what would they have to do to
find out how long they would be
sentenced for a particular they would
have to find one of five thousand
federal statutes right that sets the
mandatory minimum and maximum penalties
then they'd have to read a 500-page
guideline manual that judges and lawyers
miss apply every day to thank
anyone's actually doing that is
ludicrous yeah I never met one person 11
years in prison who knew how much time
they were facing but this is the primary
argument that people like the Attorney
General and other the tough-on-crime
crowd believes we should pose long
sentences because it will deter everyone
else yeah so this is what you've really
devoted your life to since and I want to
get to all that obviously and we just
briefly spoke about the Attorney General
I want to talk about him because I'm
frustrated about some stuff as well okay
so how much time cook place for those
five bank robberies like what kind of
time frame are we looking at less than a
year less than a year so within a year
okay now you get caught you end up in a
federal prison for I thought it was 12
you said 11 but maybe there's three
months we'll have a sentence but I got
good time for behaving in prison okay so
I served less than 11 years okay so less
than the 11 years just tell me what that
process even just tell me first what
that first day of showing up at a
federal prison is like it's not what you
would think it's not orange is the new
black it's not orange is the new black
the first day in prison and the first
week in prison felt like freedom and the
reason I say that is I was moved around
like many people that are pretrial from
County Jail to County Jail where you're
locked down maybe 20 hours out of the
day and when I got to prison I could
actually go outside I hadn't been
outside in oh oh nine months well when I
got to prison I could go outside I could
go to the library I could pick out books
I could do something to occupy my mind
and so the first couple weeks in prison
outside of the part of being scared to
death felt like more freedom yeah what
was the scary part beyond just being in
car being like just all the physical
threats here like physical threats
threats of sexual assault you know I
watched a lot of people with medical
issues die in federal prison because
they weren't adequately treated and you
know then the real punishment is you
don't you're cut off from all your
family and community ties which is a
problem because we know that people that
are able to maintain community and
family ties is key for people coming out
of prison especially if you come out of
prison you get a
and you lose the job or get fired if you
don't have family or some sort of
community to fall back on that's usually
when people go back to committing crime
right and that's part of the reason of
high rates of recidivism yeah in all of
this stuff
yeah the rates of recidivism in this
country are not good they range from 45
percent to 75 percent we have some state
prison systems that within five years
everyone leaving the prison seventy five
percent of them will come back I mean
that's just mind-blowing
like putting everything else aside that
we're going to talk about for the next
hour if just the idea that you put
people here to punish them for this
crime and then more than half in many
cases and you're saying sometimes
significantly more end up back there
man I mean what it what a failure what a
true failure what what I mean government
programs that fail three out of four
times and no one really it is disturbing
yeah you know anyone who has an out date
and is going to come out of prison we
should be trying to rehabilitate those
people for a number of reasons one
public safety do not want people coming
out of prison and committing new crimes
new victims it costs a lot of money to
reprosecution der and then their
incarceration so you got that issue but
you also have an issue with we want
people to come back and lead law buying
successful lives and if you've just
warehouse somebody for 10 years and then
you kick them out to the streets with no
or little support and no family or
community ties and then you expect a
miracle to happen and then when it
doesn't we say oh you were evil because
we you were gonna fail and go back to
prison commit a new crime anyway yeah
now you were truly the aberration in the
system because you have a little bit of
a Shawshank kind of story here because
Andy Dufresne took things into his own
hands one in a couple different ways
legally and by digging the the tunnel
but you started getting into law this is
fascinating to me yeah I got a job at
the president law library and for the
first couple months all I did was hand
out the books they were big they were
thick they were intimidating when I did
whole one down off the shelves and read
it felt like it was written in another
language right who was reading the books
I mean was everyone there trying to
solve their case with now there were
people there was there were a lot but
there were people trying to fight their
case especially in federal prison when
when a lot of people were getting twenty
thirty year mandatory minimums for a
handful of crack cocaine mm-hmm so
people are trying to fight their cases
and I didn't want anything to do with
that until June 26 of 2000 the Supreme
Court handed down a decision called
aprende V New Jersey I like everyone
else in federal prison thought that this
might apply to the federal sentencing
guidelines so I started learning the law
on my own and was never able to get any
relief for myself but what I found was I
enjoyed solving this legal puzzle and
kind of writing out the solution so I
started helping other people in prison
keep going then what happened this is
where it gets good that there's always
up to here to your career now and your
whole life yeah I started writing memos
for people friends of mine their lawyers
saying hey check out these issues and
here's some case law the lawyers often
time would be like yeah whatever I mean
do people think you were now yeah I did
what about their prisoners think like
well I mean they don't know good legal
work from bad right so many of them had
bad lawyers to begin with and they were
desperate so they would help me and I
finally started to write a briefer to
and we would file post-conviction
motions and the third legal brief I ever
prepared was for a friend of mine named
John fellers who was filing what's
called a petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Supreme Court I
didn't know a great deal about the
Supreme Court but I knew it was
different than filing in other courts
that court gets 8,000 petitions 7,000
petitions a year they grant 70 to 80
cases got a 1% chance that the 1% is for
lawyers filing breaks to a court when
you are filing pro se as an indigent
prisoner with no lawyer and you're the
prisoners name is on the front cover
yeah a chance of getting one of those
heard is about 1% of one
Wow and so do you know how many times
that was done before you
I think it's been done 20 times Wow
25 times since the 1950s not a lot yeah
so you know I didn't think a great deal
about John's case I thought we were
right on the issues and I thought the
issues were important
John transferred to another prison and I
I forgot about his case until one
morning at 6:30 in the morning a friend
of mine came running and screaming out
of the housing unit Sean Sean you know
let's be in federal prison I thought
what did I say to him yesterday it wants
to come fight me at 6:30 in the morning
yeah usually when people are running and
screaming at each other not present it's
not aggressive but you don't normally go
to a fight carrying a newspaper in your
hand and what he had was a copy of the
USA USA Today saying that the court had
granted John fellers case how unlikely
