[Music]
we're continuing YouTube week here on
the Rubin reporting partnership with
library to bring you five shows with
five youtubers in five days joining me
today is a skeptic a musician a model
and one of the first guests on the old
Rubin report many lifetimes ago
Jacquelyn Glen welcome back to the Rubin
report it's been a minute it has been
like 27 years I think since we did this
on camera Wow I was really young that
first time Oh 29 you're 29 you know two
years old years old we were talking
about atheism in skepticism it was a
pretty advanced two-year-old yeah yeah
so yeah you used to be one of the
regulars when the Rubin report was on
The Young Turks now yeah it was a
different show we did more of a panel
thing and did sort of hot topics yeah I
was it was more controversial back then
oh yeah Burnett but we did you know we
sort of click baby it was just it was
just a different thing but you were one
of their regulars on there that
legitimately seems like a lifetime ago
to me yeah it was a long time ago but
here we are again reunited here we are
here you are one of the first people
that we brought on we were like oh
that's someone doing something
interesting on YouTube you were sort of
an early success of YouTube what
possessed you to get on YouTube in the
past oh man well it was a hobby of mine
actually that just kind of turned into
something more I just would go onto the
internet to rant about things that I
couldn't talk to like friends or family
about because they were all very
religious and conservative so I just
kind of used the internet as an outlet
to vent yeah people started listening so
for the people that don't know you at
all so you are you're an atheist that's
what sort of got you that sort of was
your claim to fame or something or a
skeptic or saying we're gonna get in to
some of that stuff but tell me a little
bit more about what it's like growing up
as a conservative having sort of these
other feelings and then going to the
internet to express them yeah I mean I I
did I grew up very conservative and very
religious I went to a Catholic school
from kindergarten through my senior year
in high school and actually after I
graduated high school in college I
became even more
just so that was a very interesting slow
painful transition for me but actually
whenever I started making videos I was
making videos as a Christian but I had
these ideas that didn't go along with
like the Christian traditions so I would
say things like this was before you know
gay marriage was legalized so I would
say things like you know as a Christian
I think people should have equal rights
and I just liked at the time that was
like such a you know controversial
statement right now it's more accepted
but whenever I started making videos
like that was just not something that
you said especially to my family yeah so
it's a-you know it's changed now how did
your family take it that you started
putting these videos out there did they
know any of your sort of evolving
feelings as you were putting this out on
the Internet yeah we would have some
conversations like I remember whenever I
first started talking about equal rights
that was kind of a hot-button issue for
some for some people but they didn't
know that I was on the internet I kept
that to myself that was like my dirty
little secret he was my safe little the
Internet was my oddly my safe place yeah
the most public places your private
place no one was really watching me like
no one you know cared what I had to say
so it was just you know I had like a
small group of people that I felt like I
could relate to and it was a community
for me I wasn't doing it to get viewers
or anything like that I was doing it to
talk to friends and find people who
would agree with me because I didn't
have that in my personal life yeah and I
kind of kept it as a secret I was in
medical school at the time and I didn't
tell any of my classmates and I didn't
tell any of my family and then it kind
of just started picking up momentum and
people started finding me and I was
mortified it's kind of funny that yeah
in medical school and have to kind of
keep it a secret that you either
that you're an atheist or a skeptic or
questioning I mean seems like that would
be pretty pretty okay in medical school
there's no way that they would have been
cool things I was saying in my videos
though I was very I was very opinionated
and I would use profanities and make sex
jokes and all those things so there's no
way that my very professional school
would have been like it's okay that
you're doing this yeah I just kind of
was you know but pretty stupid because I
used my name
as my channel so whatever was it the gay
rights thing was that the first thing
that sort of woke you up out of whatever
the religious dogma was yeah that was
the first thing that got me questioning
the you know traditional values of the
Bible I was just like well you know
maybe I would but I slowly moved away
from it I was like maybe God's cool with
this mm-hm you know maybe I'll just I'll
just call myself an agnostic not even
really knowing what that is and slowly
like move away like maybe I'm not
Catholic maybe I'm Protestant and then I
just kind of slowly stepped back maybe
I'm just a deist maybe there's just
something out there and then I was like
just eventually I landed here yeah but
it was a very slow thing because I
didn't I didn't want to be an atheist I
wanted to be religious like it was
something that I grew up with it was
important to me important to my family I
felt like it was core to my being and
it's nice to think that there's someone
out there or there's afterlife or you
know that when you die it's just it's
not all gone it's comforting to have
that so I didn't want to let it go but I
did yeah yeah let's knock out I know we
did this way back and on my show before
you had your natural hair color that you
have now yeah this is my color you were
dying it I believe Brown at the time
yeah that's to see the natural color
[Laughter]
let's just define some of the terms
which I know we've done together but our
so you mentioned
well obviously atheist agnostic and Di's
let's go through each one
okay well ideas to someone who
disbelieves in a God and they don't put
a label on it like they're not a
Christian God or a Muslim God or
anything is just like there is a being
out there that I can look up to and pray
to and is watching over me it just
doesn't have like the the organized
religion part of it or any set of rules
it's just like a broad like there is a
god thing yeah there where can it be a
there is something out there because I
think that's where probably most people
if you really believers and
non-believers if you really whittled
them down I think there's a huge chunk
of people they'll just be like there's
something there's something yeah maybe
not watching me and judging me yeah yeah
they just believe that there is more
mm-hmm and that's that is you know
comforting and
it's it's harder to debunk that kind of
thing because you know with with
Christianity you can look at specific
parts of the Bible and be like well
that's not true that's not true because
you know facts but whenever you just say
I'm a deist and there's like a thing
that there's no definition to you know
it's more difficult to you know ask
those types of like very specific
questions so it's easier to believe and
more comforting I think for some people
mm-hmm
also it doesn't come with a lot of a
negativity that specific religions might
have so there's that but agnostic is
another word that gets thrown around a
lot and and that's I mean I identify as
an agnostic still but but people kind of
make the mistake in thinking that
agnostic can be a position of belief and
that's where I think the confusion is
because the root of the word agnostic is
Gnostic which means knowledge so to say
that you're agnostic just means you
don't have knowledge which everybody
should admit to like if you're being
intellectually honest like no one knows
the facts of what happens after you die
like there's just you know no one's died
legitimately and come back and been like
yeah I met God he's cool dude
yeah people claim you know it's funny
because there's a lot of like there was
a story of a boy who said that he died
and came back and then later admitted to
all of that big faith just for the book
sales yeah so you know there's a lot of
there's a lot of people who claim to
know but no one actually knows so for
being completely honest everyone should
be agnostic whether you believe in God
or you don't because you know you can
believe in something without having like
concrete evidence you know well that's
sort of the point of belief right I mean
you're sort of you're choosing to behave
in something that you would Hallett
prove right so taking that leap of faith
everyone should say they're agnostic
because no one has the knowledge but if
you're talking about whether or not you
believe something that's where the word
theist comes in so you can be a theist
and believe in these things or an
atheist and not but agnostic should
apply to everyone hopefully right so you
put these videos out there you start
talking about this stuff when did the
family realize what you were doing those
naughty things that you were doing on
the YouTube oh man
probably a good year and a half into be
doing it it took a little while and I
think it came as a shock because I was
living
in Florida at the time and I decided to
I was very unhappy with my life for a
bunch of different reasons when I
decided to make the move to California
with my very small youtube following and
try to pursue that and I think at that
point they were like wait with your what
yeah and then I had to have that
conversation which was weird which led
to them looking at my videos which
caused some problems yeah so what was
that huh
you know it was just really hard for
them because they took my my positions
and my beliefs or lack thereof as a
personal attack on them like they had
failed somehow and raising me that I
didn't hold on to my faith or that I
thought they were stupid for having it
which wasn't the case I was just talking
about my feelings and why I didn't agree
with certain things and why certain
people who are very religious do things
that I don't
epically agree with and they took that
as an insult to them saying that I think
you're stupid and that's never never the
message I wanted to or want to send how
do you talk about these things without
doing that you know because I think
there's a lot of you know I'm my
audience I think all over the map I you
know in terms of belief and lack of life
and all that I really don't know
actually but I get emails from plenty of
atheists and plenty of Christian
conservatives and Muslims and Jews and
everybody and I find that there's a
certain set of the of the atheist
community that does this thing where
they are making it seem like if you're
not an atheist that you're just an idiot
like oh that all the believers are
idiots yeah how do you avoid that hmm
maybe you don't know that I you know I'm
sure I don't know the time you know it
depends on two things it depends on the
person you know in the video and it
depends on the person watching the video
for me for example when I first started
I was much more angry at things and I
was more along the lines of a person
that you would think is judging you
mm-hmm and I've made an effort over the
years to change that I think I've calmed
down a lot and realized that maybe
aggression isn't the best approach for
these types of things I mean I still do
get fired up about certain things but I
don't attack it as hard as I used to and
I think it also depends on the person
watching because you can choose
to view a person simply asking questions
and get offended like if I if I sit in a
video and I could be as calm and
collected and kind as I want to be and
just be like you know this thing doesn't
make sense to me and I wonder this and I
you know ask this and this and that
question people sometimes get mad at at
even questioning their beliefs and they
take that as a personal attack so if you
can view another person going through
their own you know mental process and of
like figuring things out and sorting out
their own ideas and if you can separate
your views from their views and
understand that this is just their
experience and not take it personally
that's way more effective but some
people some people just take any
disagreement with them even if it's your
own as as an attack on them which is
really sad yeah we seem to be suffering
that in like every part of society right
yeah just everyone you say anything
everyone feels like it's like a personal
attack when it really is that you know
we're all sort of evolving on all sorts
of things that's really the point of
having a human brain I think yeah I mean
no way I mean people do want to live in
an echo chamber but I don't think that's
healthy
yeah I like to surround myself with
people that have different thoughts and
opinions than me because otherwise I
would never grow as a person and over
the years I have changed a lot you you
actually I can't quite explain what I'm
trying to say at the moment but you do
seem a little different to me like you
seem a little more like confident or
something I mean I mean the best sense
like yes I appreciate that yeah I mean
it's been a couple years well I think
what it is is I'm more just I settled
and in my in my beliefs you know I I
don't need necessarily to get angry
about them or you know rant about them
all the time I just kind of know that
that's who I am and I let that kind of
guide my life and sometimes it comes out
in videos and sometimes it doesn't
yeah you get sick of talking about the
atheist stuff hmm sometimes yes and
sometimes though I think what it is is
like you know there's only so many times
in so many different ways you can say
I'm not religious this is a thing I
don't believe right but you know with
you even like you know recently with
with Trump he brings up religion a lot
he talks about the war on Christmas and
it's like there's always always
something coming up yeah
politics that relates to religion yeah
so it's it's very easy for me to
continue talking about it not
necessarily directly in a video being
like I don't believe in God but you can
make a video talking about how religion
is affecting politics in the world in a
certain way that maybe you disagree with
or wish we're different so that's kind
of a way that I can continue talking
about it without driving myself nuts
yeah yeah what do you make it like the
sort of broader skeptic community in
general because there's a lot of
skeptics I don't YouTube yeah and I see
a lot of infighting these days it's so
sad yeah that's so sad because we are so
few a number yeah that the infighting is
you know not productive well what does
that mean - if I say skeptic community
what does that even mean to you well
that's that's another thing I feel like
the skeptic community has changed also a
lot over the years whereas like a couple
of years ago it was very heavily focused
on atheism mm-hmm and now it's social
justice or anti social justice warriors
yeah so that's kind of where the
conversation is shifted and I think that
anything how do you think that happened
cuz I do see a lot of that - it's like
they were always talking about the god
stuff and yeah and all that and then
just in these last couple years and
obviously I talked about a lot here yeah
something did shift where they became
sort of the leaders of the anti SJW
stuff yeah I mean I think it's because
you can be skeptical of more than just
religion and it's a reflection of you
know the society that we're in right now
the super PC culture has kind of
affected us in a way that you know has
caused a backlash I mean you see it even
in like South Park you know like there's
just this this conversation about these
just really ridiculous people who are
just so offended at everything and
you're like walking on eggshells
constantly and it's gotten to the point
where this just victim mentality has
taken over so many people and it's very
frustrating to see happen so I think you
know the skeptic community reacting to
that is just kind of a natural response
to what's going on around us and I think
it's good I think it's I think it's a
good conversation to have but I tend to
stick more with the religion stuff still
yeah I do talk about social justice is
there anything you don't like about the
skeptic community
the infighting that you said that kind
of makes me sad because it can get so
vicious but like if you look at the core
of what a lot of these people believe it
is similar mm-hmm and I kind of wish I'm
so idealistic I wish we could all just
work together for a common good because
honestly there aren't a lot of people
out there asking these questions there
aren't a lot of skeptics a lot of people
just kind of accept things or they don't
think about things at all yeah and you
know I think it's important for people
to be outspoken and I wish there were
more people that were willing to go on
the internet and like face the criticism
that you get with being skeptical of
things and and criticizing things and
thinking you know in ways that might be
offensive to people not caring but you
know the few people that are willing to
do that it's it's a little sad to see
constant fighting yeah do you think some
of the fighting is just the nature of
YouTube I mean we're doing YouTube week
week where I tried to pick people that I
think are doing interesting cool stuff
but there's so much of it where it's
like you know I could love 99% of what
Jaclyn Glenn does but she said one thing
and now I have to make a video about it
and I got to make 20 other people get
angry about it so I can get clicks like
it becomes this sort of self-fulfilling
prophecy or this monster that just keeps
yeah eating itself that is the nature of
YouTube drama gets views yeah so if
there is a controversy somewhere it
it pays literally to indulge in that and
also people do have a hard time
separating like if there is like just
feel like you said if I agree with money
if I agree with 99% of what somebody
says and they say one thing I don't like
I have to hate that person right well
why do you have to hate that person
because of one thing they said that you
don't like just be like okay yeah we're
not the same human that one's the same
is there anyone you agree with a hundred
percent I find the phrase all the time
I'm hearing I don't agree with him a
hundred percent right to me it's the
most idiotic thing ever if I've never
met someone I agree 100 percent
including myself you don't agree with
yourself upon two percent right
sometimes I'm not exactly yeah I change
yeah that's true
yeah no I mean there are people that I
