[Music]
joining me today is a New York Times
bestselling author a presidential fellow
at Chapman University the founder of
skeptic magazine and now a four-time
Rubin report guest Michael Shermer
welcome back is right my fourth time
here at times that's a record or without
it you are close you are you're
definitely in the top two or three no
cool all right depending on how this
goes do I get a pay bump yet no but
there's plenty of booze that's right
yeah that's right so alright there's a
ton I want to talk to you about you've
got a new book coming out I was saying
to you right before you started you're
the only guest that has two books all
right mark skeptic okay good well you
you were doing well we could bump we
could bump the skeptic and put heavens
on earth there because I hate to be the
life book guy that kicks the other
person off the out of the lifeboat we
will swap those two I thought a fun way
though to start this conversation with
you would be to tell a little story that
happened to us both when we spoke at
University of Arizona about two or three
months ago we were we were speaking
there with who were with that night we
were at Steve Simpson yes from the I
Rand Institute we're just able to talk
on free speech about an hour talk half
hour or so Q&A and in the middle I
jokingly said to the audience by a show
of hands are there any Nazis here it's
very and to our surprise someone raised
their hand or a woman raised her hand
and said that she was a Nazi and she
started to ask a question I said you
know what hang tight he'd respect our
free speech we're gonna do our thing but
then when we open this up to the Q&A
we're gonna throw the first question to
you so this person then proceeded to ask
a question can you paraphrase what the
question was basically oh well it was
something about she had encountered me
before it's some public event about the
Holocaust story and you know some
details about the gas chambers and you
know one of these kind of technical
arguments that they come up with that
are supposed to stump Holocaust
historians but that I've refuted before
and then she wanted to revisit
that so basically it was she was a
Holocaust denier and the beauty of what
happened why I wanted to start this
conversation with this antidote was she
asked you this question about the doors
at Auschwitz and why they didn't lock
and all of this I'm sorry was bad that's
right the doors of mad housing yeah
right yeah yeah and basically you gave
her a great answer of why the doors
unlock and they didn't want to scare
people with doors that lock at an
obviously very scary place and all this
stuff and it was it was a really nice
moment for free speech I thought she
actually respected our free speech we
then allowed her to have the question
you then answered her question now it
was pretty obvious to me that you didn't
change her mind at the end and that's oh
that's the first question I would ask
when you when you come by as someone
that debunks conspiracy theories all the
time and created skeptic magazine when
you come across these people that are so
sort of tightly held to their conspiracy
theories or the ideas that they can't
prove but they just believe them right
how often can you actually break them
you can actually I get letters all the
time I don't have it like a data set
from 25 years with 10,000 subjects or
anything like that but I get a ton of
letters just from people saying you know
I used to believe X and now I believe
why I changed my mind after reading your
book or you and Dawkins or Paris or
Hitchens or you know whatever this sort
of a list of people that we know and so
I do think this idea that you can't talk
somebody out of something that they
didn't you know you can't reason
somebody out of a belief they didn't
reason their way into I think it's not
true
even though probably they didn't reason
their way into the art the belief in the
first place once you have the belief in
place then you find reasons to believe
it and smart people are really good at
this educated will first people can pile
up the arguments and data in favor of
their belief and and disconfirm ignore
the disconfirming evidence you know the
confirmation bias so but you can do that
you can and so and now their Studies on
on this by cognitive psychologists like
you know if you're teaching critical
thinking and and the students believe
this how do you get them from there to
there whatever it is ESP or UFOs
conspiracies er or some political
economic idea so you can do this
by not standing at the blackboard
yammering away but by getting them to
debate and engage with each other like
okay so you're pro-choice okay you're
now gonna argue the pro-life position
against this person here who's gonna
take the opposite position what they
believe and that sort of forces them to
think well okay what are the arguments
in favor of this now I got a make up and
then this forces them to listen to the
other person and think about that and
then they can they really have a sense
of what's the best arguments because
they have to make them so really it's
just engaging in a process it's like
you're not gonna learn to play the
violin by reading a book about violins
or listening into a lecture about how
the violin works you got to just do it
in your years of doing this have you
learned anything about the mind of the
type of people that are prone to
conspiracy theories is there like a
certain set of ideas that they more
broadly subscribe to before it gets to
whatever the yeah yeah so there's kind
of a global cognitive style that
everything happens for a reason now for
religious people this is you know Jesus
or God is sort of directing things
everything from the parking spot you got
to the college you went into your spouse
that you met and and so forth the little
to the big questions for the
conspiracists it's the government it's a
little g-god government that's you know
pulling the strings and even if it's you
know if the Illuminati or the one-world
or whoever the Rockefellers the
Rothschilds it's still kind of a
government type that there's somebody up
there pulling the strings so that
everything that happens for a reason so
and we know that from surveys that
people that tick the box that that you
know JFK was assassinated by a
conspiracy are also more likely to tick
the box that Princess Diana was murdered
you know Elvis is still alive you know
that you know the aliens are being
hidden in area 51 you know so they they
go down the path they tend to accept
more and more ideas and we might call
that you know a gullibility tendency or
something like that but there's
something beneath that which is
everything has a reason for why it
happens and that they downplay the role
of chance and randomness so it's
interesting how you relate that to the
religious
because there's a desire really to
understand what's happening and yet
right the desire I think you would argue
that you then have to take a lot of
things that aren't true
for fat like there's sort of no ending
to it right that's right they never get
to the end of the conspiracy theory and
then it's exposed really it just sort of
takes you further and uh and the rest
like an x-files series it's like one
episode leads to the next and they keep
pulling the strings the thread and that
keeps unraveling forever so it's really
a self-fulfilling prophecy in a way
right if you can never be proven wrong
because that's right yes yes yeah so I
was just debating just online for the
UFO people about this new story about
the Pentagon had this program to study
UFOs now they call them unidentified
aerial phenomenon UAP sounds more
technical right and that is goofy but
but of course you know they're
interested in an unidentified aerial
something or other because it could be
the Russians or the Chinese or who knows
what you know so it's perfectly
reasonable to also then understand that
well the government's that you know they
lied to us yeah no kidding government's
do lie to their citizens right you know
but but a good counter to this is you
know the the WikiLeaks you know here
here we have you know millions of
documents that were secret that we
weren't supposed to see and now we see
them and there's nothing in there about
9/11 was an inside job the alien bodies
are being held at area 51 the UFO was
engineering technology was back
engineered and this is how we got the
Space Shuttle nothing nothing like that
so then this is a good example that
they've released yes that's right yeah
yeah well but presumably you know the
WikiLeaks guys weren't you know hiding
the good stuff and and releasing only
because they've released you know
millions of documents so this is an
example of the absence of evidence is is
evidence of absence
in terms of that argument usually that
doesn't that doesn't hold water but in
this case I think it does so where are
you just sort of personally are you
feeling good about the state of
skepticism at the moment or are you
feeling that fake news and the
authoritarian control on both sides
these
just that everything so up in the air
yeah I feel good about what it is that
you do and I know it seems like we're
not supposed to and they are of Trump
and all this stuff but really things
just keep grinding along and in a
positive fashion the counter to the fake
news and alternative facts are all the
new fact-checking sites like pull it
effect and Snopes has gotten huge now
and that's skeptic we're just we're
gonna launch a fact-checking site
because this is the kind of thing we
should be doing and and there's I don't
know there's half a dozen of those sites
that every political speech now given is
followed by really clickbait tweets on
here are the 27 facts that are wrong in
this speech oh my I want to see what
they are yeah so really that's the
market counter to that not censorship or
we need laws about fake news no we just
need people thank Jackie and then when
you're having problems with even that
that people go to those sites and then
even if you fact check it they still
don't believe the facts that they don't
like like we've really yes yeah that for
the ground sort may be but on the other
hand the moment like post modernists and
or even like behavioral economist say
that you know we're incapable of reason
yeah what are your arguments and reasons
for that statement then the moment they
open their mouth they've refuted them so
right because we still use arguments and
reason even if you're even if your
arguments are your data or fake or you
know questionable you're still trying to
make a good argument so that
enlightenment program of we use science
science and reason to make political
progress is still in place yeah well
that concept I think is really
interesting because you have all these
people right now who think either you
know the Armageddon is coming tomorrow
or everything everything's never been
worse I think we hear that over here
we've never hated each other more ababa
and I'm pretty sure it was the first
time I had you on the show and we were
talking about the moral arc which is
right over there that you were saying
that the arc of progress has bent so
that actually things are better but it
but it seems like we don't really stop
and smell the roses that's that seems
like a bigger problem to me at the
moment and if and when something does
get exposed as you know here's this evil
in society that now we're alerting to
like me to movement and
and some of the other ones that have
happened in the last year or so that
just exposes how far we've come and how
sensitized our moral compass is to
things that are really bad and that
we're gonna jump on it and not allow
this anymore so that if anything it's us
and like with the stuff we've talked
about with the student protests you know
complaining about Halloween costumes
okay this is actually a sign of progress
I mean no one worried about Halloween
costumes in 1950 okay the moral
Crusaders like Martin Luther King
weren't you know Oh what are the
Halloween costumes good they're worried
about you know the KKK costumes that are
real okay so that's how far we've come
when it can be so finely tuned that
we're gonna pick these little knits over
here does that also show you why the
level of hysteria maybe is ramped up so
much because the less stuff there is to
really fight about yeah there isn't some
stuff but the less stuff that really we
don't this isn't the 1950s KKK it's and
maybe a couple losers with a truck that
it could be that's why the people that
scream don't have to scream louder
because they sort of need it you know I
think so yeah
yeah and I you know the fact is they say
students at colleges like at Evergreen
they have their moral modules ramped up
to 11 like any of us do on a cause we
believe in it's just that from a bigger
picture when you look at well what are
you all ramped up about what why is your
moral module dialed to 11 over this
silly little thing here well they don't
know what it used to be like you know
half a century ago they weren't even
alive so they have the issues they're
concerned about but they have the same
moral modules everybody else is so what
do you make of the state of education in
general I mean everything we talked
about everything you've written all
these books about yeah it's based in
educating some people first yes yes it's
still the most important thing we can do
I don't think higher education is gonna
disappear I don't think brick-and-mortar
universities are gonna disappear I think
they'll just be more options
online options say you know all these
MOOC courses and and you know teaching
company courses and audiobooks and
podcasts and so on these are just more
avenues for dispersing information and
ideas and discussing them I think that's
just going to continue and along with
standard educational things now again I
mentioned earlier about you know the the
professor standing at the
blackboard yammering away for hours
while the students are on there now
they're just on social media not even
listening okay so that's what has to
change I think professors teachers need
to get more engaged I'm a professor I
know this is harder to do it's easy once
you've got the lectures written you got
the PowerPoint setup you just walk in
boom and off you're off and running 50
minutes later you're done and you're off
having your coffee okay
it takes more preparation to think about
okay I got how am I going to get these
students to engage in this subject in a
way that they'll actually get something
out of it and that takes more work so I
think you gave me an example already but
tell me a little bit about how you
prepare so you're teaching skepticism
101 yeah Edmund from everything I know
about Chapman who's the the Dean that
danielle east Rupa yeah is the president
is the president yeah so I heard him
speak a couple months ago in Alice at an
event and it was an absolutely wonderful
defense of free speech of seers of
enlightening values of what academia is
supposed to be that's right I wanted to
say hi to map an adventure that you've
been on my show a couple times but so it
seems like you guys are doing something
right over there is that fair they are
yes absolutely they they are not a
politically left or right University
they're just open to ideas the fact that
they have the you know statues of the
civil rights champions like Martin
Luther King but also economic freedom
champions like Hayek and and von Mises
you know they're on campus you know
others might think oh this is a right
wing you know libertarian nut job can't
no actually I had my students one
semester for their research project new
try to sample the faculty on their
political beliefs now I talked to
Danielle about this and he and the
administration are not allowed to do
this they can't ask professors what
their political persuasions are but the
students can just you know just sort of
email take my little survey and it was
pretty centrist there was still you know
a slight leaning toward the left you
know I don't know where you'd put it on
the scale but left-leaning and but but
by Berkeley or evergreen standards this
would be right wing all right you know
nutjob campus but really they're just
kind of centrist and I actually think
there's probably a little bit of a bias
that you and I have been subject to in
the sense that we focus on the
evergreens and in the Middlebury
incidences because they do stand out and
we forget all that you know so evergreen
has like 4,000 students right there was
maybe 200 involved in the whole Bret
Weinstein thing all right what were the
other 3,800 doing they were probably
holed up in their dorm rooms they don't
want to get involved they're not
interested they just want to study you
know I but I think but my fear with them
is that it's a little bit of
intellectual hostage-taking that yes you
might be right the the large bulk of
them may not care about this or may
think it's silly or whatever but I think
there's a huge percentage I don't know
what the percentage is that are just
afraid to speak you know every time I
speak in colleges that's what they asked
me in the Q&A s what can i I don't want
to get kicked out of college right at my
fraternity
I had my professor flunk me all that
that there is this feeling of that I
don't know that anyways I've never seen
numbers on that that would be a good
question hard to get the data itself
report data and people it's hard to get
people to be honest about that sort of
thing but I'm let's say it's 50/50 half
don't care have to care and keeping
their mouth shut
every semester I ask my students how
many of you self-censor because you're
afraid to say something like the
politically correct language or whatever
and you know the most of them raised
their hand yes they do some self
censoring so for sure that that happens
but I was encouraged by the Reed College
incident where you know the humanities
101 was protested its to white male you
know Shakespeare and Greeks and Romans
and then filing some black students you
know said get out I want to get my
education I'm paying $50,000 a year yeah
and it's like good alright so fighting
back what do you think it makes it the
audacity of an 18 year old to get up I
mean I watched that video people can
find it on YouTube I think the classroom
is about Greek the history of Greeks who
have given us over but every balance
that logic and reason that we have right
now yeah and talking about how it's
white supremacists and all the usual
nonsense but to me it was like those
kids who get up and do this it's not
like the level of self-importance Maury
so off the charts that you dare it's not
even what you're doing to yourself it's
what you're doing to all of these other
prime paid to go to school and you think
you're wiser right the professors and
