[Music]
you guys know that I try my best to stay
out of the day-to-day political
bickering and focus more on Big Ideas
and the philosophies which are behind
all the fighting this doesn't mean I'm
ignoring the issues of the moment be in
North Korea the gun debate or the
general state of trumpism but focusing
on why people believe what they believe
is far more valuable to me than adding
fuel to the fire of whatever the story
of the day might be toss in a healthy
dose of political gridlock and we seem
to have lots of people who are yelling
but very few people who are doing
there's one issue happening in American
politics right now which is a great
example of the stagnation we face but
that is totally flying under the radar
right now dozens of countries some of
them key strategic allies don't have
u.s. ambassadors because the Senate has
refused to vote on their confirmation
according to the rules of the Senate
right now the Senate needs 30 hours of
debate to confirm an ambassadorship you
can imagine with all the nonsensical
waste in d.c how impossible it would be
to spend 30 hours debating each of the
new ambassadorships when a new
administration comes in we'd be talking
about literally thousands of hours of
debate for a branch of government which
can't seem to agree on which flavor of
yogurt should be served at the Capitol
Hill commissary back in 2014 when the
Democrats controlled the Senate then
Majority Leader Harry Reid used what is
known as the nuclear option to get many
Obama appointees through the Senate in
effect Reid changed the rules so that a
simple majority rather than a 60-vote
supermajority would be enough to confirm
ambassadors federal judges and other
positions though I was firmly on the
Left at the time and I had no issue I
can remember with the Obama appointees I
was against Reid using such a drastic
tactic to me if you change the rules
when you're in power it's incredibly
obvious and probably quite deserved when
those same rules will be used against
your team when you're not in power you
can rightly blame Republicans for not
voting on the Obama appointees in 2014
just as right now you can rightly blame
Democrats for not voting on Trump
appointees in 2018
this is exactly
why people rightfully hate the political
machine in Washington it either does
nothing or it changes the rules to suit
itself while usually leaving the people
it's supposed to serve far behind the
Republicans now led by Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell could use what is known
as the nuclear option right now just as
Reid and the Democrats did back in 2014
for whatever reason though McConnell
refuses to do so some are saying he has
such an old-school affinity for the
rules of the Senate that he doesn't want
to stoop to what Reid did in a certain
way this seems like a principled
position but at this point in American
politics
I wonder if clinging on to the old ways
while your ideological opponents chisel
away at those very institutions at every
opportunity
makes much sense at all let me add
another wrinkle to this story the
highest-ranking ambassadorship that we
now have open germany has been offered
to former US spokesman for the UN
Richard Grinnell Richard is the
longest-serving UN spokesman in history
working for four different u.s.
ambassadors he's also served several
other positions in the government as
well as worked for a few other
high-level political campaigns by every
measure he's supremely qualified and
I've seen plenty of people on both sides
of the aisle that praise him as the
exact type of person that we need more
of in politics Richard and I have become
friends over the past few years and I
can personally tell you that he's truly
a decent guy who just wants to serve his
country oh and there's one other piece
to this Richard happens to be gay you
may remember back in 2012
Richard was briefly a spokesman for the
Romney campaign until the media decided
to attack an openly gay man for daring
to work for the Republican candidate
Mitt Romney thus causing Richard to step
down from the campaign because he didn't
want to be a distraction apparently
although Romney felt it was just fine to
hire a gay man and Richard felt it was
totally okay to work for Romney the
media just wouldn't let it be gay
conservatives like Richard much like
black conservatives like Larry elder or
female conservatives like nikki Haley
challenge the orthodoxy that the
Democrats must own all of these groups
of people I mentioned Richard sexuality
not because it's in
horton or even relevant unless you play
the identity politics game as so many do
in effect the Democrats are blocking an
extremely qualified openly gay man from
serving his country aren't the Democrats
and lefties supposed to be for gays
isn't that part of their intersectional
worldview immutable characteristics
often Trump qualifications if you
subscribe to this line of thinking
shouldn't this also mean supporting gay
people whose political positions you
might disagree with because you believe
in their ability to think for themselves
or perhaps the so-called tolerance ID
really isn't Pro gay or Pro any minority
they are actually only Pro those who
believe as they do now obviously you
know that I don't think anyone should be
confirmed because of their sexuality nor
should their sexuality matter in the
least when it comes to being nominated
in the first place I just think that
this particular case is interesting on
so many levels we have the gridlock of
Washington with Democrats refusing to
vote on Trump nominees we have a
majority leader in McConnell that
refuses to use his option to confirm
nominees even though the previous Senate
leader Reid did exactly just that we
have dozens of qualified candidates
waiting to do their civic duty and we
have just as many countries waiting for
our ambassadors to move there and get to
work caught in all of this mess is a
good man Richard Grinnell who I happen
to know personally who doesn't want
extra credit for being gay but just
wants to get to work how can you make a
difference in all this call your local
senator and ask their assistant at the
office why they aren't voting on these
nominees and you can also call Mitch
McConnell at his DC office by calling
two oh two two two four two five four
one actually I'm gonna give him a call
right now
[Music]
joining me today is a guy who's seen an
awful lot of people get hit in the nuts
a man who's lives in a house that
constantly seems to be getting fuller
and a stand-up comic who's new special
zero-to-sixty is now streaming on Amazon
Bob Saget welcome to the Reuben report
thank you
I'm excited to be here you're a very
smart man I cannot keep up with you
mentally but we did have dinner and I
seem to keep up with the entrees is that
why you were applying me with so much
alcohol during dinner - kind of dumb me
down no I just said that we could get on
the level I wanted to see what you were
like unconscious yeah we did good
because that's the world Britain right
now that's an opposite day kind of
statement in other words years ago when
you would say I want to see what you're
like unconscious that would be a joke
but unfortunately we are in a world
right now where that's actually happened
so a lot of things that are irreverent
and could be considered funny or not
yeah and so there's this buffering that
goes on before but either way you did
not get overly inebriated and you were
more than pleasant and we had a lovely
night with both of our significant
others who we both adore and we laughed
and and we had good food yeah now we
will do it again we will do it again and
that's all I want to talk about but I
don't wanna talk about my career what do
we have as entree well I believe I had
the fish you did I think you had
something not as healthy date I think it
was maybe no I didn't know you didn't
say you had some kind of chicken
something maybe all right let's focus
here Saget come here that's a good place
to start what you just did there just
the state of political correctness let's
just do a little bit on that and then I
want to do Saget 101 all right for this
next hour I'm teaching that course at a
community college yeah yeah how many
kids are taking it it doesn't matter
whoever applies that doesn't turn me in
he let him Wally
everybody comes in yeah send a trailer
what do you think of that you're doing
this we're live to tape so right we
don't edit and this did not exist four
years ago this existed but it didn't
exist like this I mean you got millions
of people that watch this yeah this is
crazy
what do you think about that like you're
used to doing I mean obviously I want to
talk stand-up and everything else but
you do scripted series yes you do
movies things like that but you also do
you do panel on talk shows things that
are sort of they're kind of old-school
now like that's very different than
coming in here and right before we
started I said to you we're just gonna
go for it you were like whatever you
want I mean I don't have to look I can
just do that yeah you can yeah where you
get a little bit back again those are
the smallest cards I've ever seen your
interviews of microfiche it's just I
just write little silly things no that
looks all smart yeah I I love the fact
that this exists because years ago if
you wanted to go on a show and have a
one-on-one with someone it was you were
a baby but it was Tom Schneider
maybe all of you do oh yeah getting that
that you might be tiny bit older than a
baby yeah the camera was always very
close to his incredibly close at Dan
Aykroyd on Sarah Night Live and the very
beginning we know an impression of it
yeah and was this tight and he would be
smoking and tom was just talking to
camera yeah do his discourse which is
very much like a podcast is today like
Bill burr friend of mine gets up in the
morning talks for an hour once a week
it's unbelievable to listen to a lot of
our great podcasters that's the
everything has changed and in that
regard this has changed for the better
because you get to have an articulate
conversation that you can't normally
have in commercial television because
commercial television is meant to be
entertaining yeah only I don't know what
we're meant to be over here well
interesting interesting I guess yeah and
my fiancee Kelly turned me on to your
show and I said I really like him and I
like what he's talking about and you had
guests on and you were ever you're able
to be a diplomat which is very difficult
to do when you have people with
different points of view a conservative
and and a liberal which I don't
understand I don't understand any of it
yeah I just mean I understand it but I
mean we were mammals yeah we're supposed
to live yeah we're supposed to be nice
to another mammal not supposed to hunt
it and kill it depends which kind of
mammal you are at if it's delicious
yeah then you have to go for it right
yeah it's just food well we're gonna
we're gonna dive into all that because I
did note
that for you it's interesting I think
because your stand-up is so different
than your your television persona
between America's Funniest Home Video is
in Flast well they're the old ones
though but yeah an entourage that kinda
like a thing but then but then I did a
bunch of acting stuff too and I've done
Broadway work which was some of it was
similar to my stand-up but I've always
done something that's every 7 years
there's some new incarnation that people
go who the hell is he yeah well that's
why I think it's interesting because
especially with celebrities people like
to just get in or anyone that's public
that they like to just get a kind of
image of you and then just run with that
forever and you're instantly challenged
and Kelly I used to be pigeonholed
because it sounds like something you
should not do to a pigeon now see that's
the kind of joke you guys still do you
can still do that because it's not a
human being
yeah it's a pigeon yeah the only people
are gonna be really upset about that
would be the Humane Society yeah and
they are right the ASPCA is all over the
show
they're just haven't I don't see their
name anywhere anymore I think they're
out you think they're done I don't know
I think it's the ASPCA NRA
I think it's they've combined so that
you take care of the bird and the new
fire at it it's that gonna fly well on
this show I think it will you know we've
got those chickens out there and one day
people always happen what are you gonna
do when they stop laying eggs are you
just women but they're so beautiful I
thought they were males because they had
the red millet malay malay was to call
me and we're very excited to say cockle
I said you have three beautiful
but no those are actually those are
female hens that lay eggs and what are
you doing this for the eggs not just
test Woody Allen yeah which was Groucho
Marx I need the eggs I need the eggs but
that's yeah Annie Hall that's the truth
all right go ahead hi this is the
problem with me as a talk show guest as
a comedian yeah and as someone without a
script I free associate and I sometimes
do not stay on track but you are so
smart and linear you were going to keep
me on track and I will do my very best
to accommodate all right will do my best
to accommodate you okay this is fair
let's start at the beginning you are
born in Phil
Delphia I was yeah and Einstein Hospital
Einstein Hospital yes and it is still
there is that an honor of Albert
Einstein it is huh
it is and it's on Broad Street and and I
was born there and my dad worked for a
supermarket company called Food Fair
pantry pride supermarkets and he was a
meat executive that all sounds legit
what about your family what what
background what business were they in I
was born in Brooklyn grew up in Long
Island lived in Manhattan my whole life
went to college upstate New York so I'm
a true New Yorker so we're both you had
the life I wish I had yeah I was in
Philly I lived at home during college
you had it you had that's why you're
smart and I go out and tell a bunch of
wiener jokes I know but I'm going back
into that now as you know you are you're
gonna stand up I told you I'm going back
in this and you were very excited I'm
excited you also told me you're playing
the Irvine improv yeah and when is that
oh that wasn't even public till just now
that's great okay to say back to April
8th my first headlining gig in 10 years
and this is one of the nicest clubs in
Los Angeles and in in anywhere really I
mean it's it's like six hundred people
seven hundred people it looks like a
spaceship it looks like a Disney exhibit
and it's it's an Irvine which is why
they call it the armed by an improv and
I couldn't put that together why do they
call the Irvine improv and there's but I
don't know but there's smart people and
and nice people there you will bring
smart people because you you have so
many people that you will bring your
audience which is that's the advantage
of what we do yeah whatever we do
whatever media we're on
that's who comes to see us that's got to
be the most beautiful shift in comedy
right do you remember that moment when
you went from like being a guy that was
just you know trying to get on 8th out
of ten comics at the end of the night
nobody knows you are do you remember the
beginning of when people were going I'm
going to see Bob Saget something weird
happened with meit which was I started
doing stand-up when I was 17 and I want
to were that that was a human 73 Wow so
because I'm 104 on the freeway look at
that head of hair though for 100
dope very umbra but I had to do the
drops I take the thing I take
propecia that's push on the propecia he
seems fine oh please don't compare me to
that that's the hair we'll get there
we'll get my sonic comb-over yeah I know
it's gonna happen if we get right on
Trump I actually I I believe but I don't
wanna I'm not doing I'm not doing
anything to bash anyone I will not do it
even though it's possible that his
comb-over is from an onion in the
kitchen that just snaggletooth along the
ground and then crawls up his back yeah
did you see that moment I saw that video
on the airplane yes that done CGI was
that done with effects because that
doesn't look possible it looked pretty
it look pretty fake but let's let's
write with Trump aside I want to talk
Stan yes because do you remember that
moment when when things change yeah what
happened was I came out to LA I went I
had won the Student Academy Award for a
documentary I made about my nephew who
had his face reconstructed when he was
seven and I won this student Academy
Award for documentary and then I went on
at The Comedy Store the next night and
mid to the owner of the Comedy Store
said you should work here so I started
getting spots right away Wow and then I
started then she posed a fight for that
people fight and I didn't work the door
Wow
and I was I guess likeable but strange
very strange jokes like my first joke
was I have the first show I have the
brain of a German Shepherd and the body
of a 16 year old boy and they're both on
my car and I want you to see them now
it's just an odd rambling but it
symbolizes I think it answers the
question of how did he become this
because he was that yeah you're gonna be
third person on myself yeah but and then
I started going on a college tour she
put me on a committee sure for the
comedy stuff put me on a college tour
and I was a guitar act just two parodies
and I would sing while my guitar gently
weeps turn a valve and water poured out
of the guitar and you could only see it
in the first ten rows so it doesn't
really do work for the big stage cannot
play the Irvine improv with this bit
yeah and then I was headlining right
away so in my early 20s I'd go out on
the road while I was taking five years
of acting classes with a teacher named
Darrell Hickman
in LA while I was doing improv classes
at The Groundlings while I was doing
spots at The Comedy Store I'd go out on
the road and then headline and then make
money but not enough to get a career and
then I was like eight nine years of
hosting the Comedy Store in Westwood and
and that was hard it was but I got to
befriend people that I worshiped which
were Richard Pryor Robin Williams and
David Letterman was one of my first MCS
and and so I was 22 years old and this
the place was it's packed like it was
then kind of now bad sentence but in the
early 80s
it was you could not get in to any room
and every single person on the lineup
was like and I was hosting a lot of the
shows so but then everybody went off and
got TV shows and I was still at the
comedy store hosting and thinking this
is it I'm never gonna make it and then I
got in a Richard Pryor movie and then I
