we feel that we're finding ourselves in
the middle of a generation and maybe
even at the beginning of an era where we
struggled to sit down and have a
difficult conversation oftentimes I
don't believe that echo chambers force
you to interrogate your own beliefs and
censorship doesn't foster personal
growth but I believe that these things
can only be accomplished through
conversation through civil discourse
which is exactly what we're hoping to do
here tonight we're hoping to reestablish
a culture of conversation on this campus
where neighbors can disagree often to
the core of their beliefs and stand out
from that conversation stand up from
that table and walk away and still come
together knowing that we're all part of
the same community that we're all
Wildcats and so with that we invite you
Turning Point invites you everyone here
from the left of the aisle to the right
the front of the room to the back
everyone in here and outside to join in
this conversations in this conversation
and all conversations move forward to
have an open mind open ears and the
willingness to participate in civil
discussion with that I'd like you asked
join me would put your hands together
for the host of the Reuben Porte de
Reuben
thank you guys Wow I gotta tell you guys
I did not think my day was gonna end up
in a hockey rink when I woke up this
morning but here we are any hockey fans
here we have some hockey fans all right
I am wearing a cup because it's a free
speech event Ted you know I asked them
if we're gonna do this at a hockey rink
can I come in on the Zamboni but
apparently you know they didn't the
turning point doesn't have the money for
that kind of thing unfortunately that's
tough look at you guys you all came out
here to a hockey rink to listen to me
talk about free speech that's pretty
cool I'm very excited you guys feeling
good all right there's more outside I
think we have room there let be a seat
back there somewhere I think we could
probably let anymore I mean it's kind of
fitting that this is sort of how we
ended up right I had a hockey rink right
now if you think about it I mean you
know all that all the officers and and
policemen that are here securing this
thing these guys are doing their jobs
doing a great job actually give them a
round of applause for making sure that
nothing crazy gonna happen I guarantee
you you're not gonna hear anything
remotely close to hate speech or
anything like that there actually is no
such thing as hate speech and we'll talk
about that too but you're not gonna hear
any hate out of me I guarantee you you
know Candace Owens who seven words
really put her on the map this week I
love the way Candace Owens thinks from
Kanye and just seemingly has has changed
the world
I actually think putting aside where
your feelings are on Kanye for a moment
I think that him saying that offering a
little oxygen for people that want to
think a little bit differently just a
little bit differently if you don't want
to just take democratic dogma or leftist
dog more progressive Dogma if you don't
want to take that as the Bible you know
as the word from God but you need a
little room to think differently and I
think you guys probably do think a
little bit differently I hope
have I can see some interesting
diversity the left loves diversity
meaning the color of your skin and your
sexuality and all that stuff in your
gender and that's all that's all well
and fine but that's actually not the
diversity that matters the diversity of
the matters is what's going on in your
head what do you actually think right I
mean imagine if I was to look at you
guys and I can just I mean I can look
any of you and think all right white guy
there you must think that black guy
there he must think that asian girl
there she must think that that actually
is the essence of prejudice okay that is
the essence of prejudice prejudice which
means to prejudge and if you look at
someone and think that you know what
they should think because of the color
of their skin or their sexuality or
anything else you actually you're the
one that is acting bigoted I mean that's
that's actually the truth that's sort of
the reverse of how it spun these days
but the only way that we can actually
have conversations the only way that we
can actually figure out what's going on
and figure out how can we really talk to
each other is if you look at people as
individuals not as a collective and this
is kind of the key to everything that's
sort of wrong with society right now
we've somehow figured out that if we
group each other right if we group each
other and we play this really awful game
of identity politics that's really the
reverse of everything that this nation
was founded upon you know think about
this for a second you guys are here
University of New Hampshire I assume oh
so you go to the University here you're
at a great school I guarantee that
virtually every single one of you have
it better than your grandparents or your
great-grandparents virtually every if
really think about it think about your
grandparents for a second think about
your great-grandparents probably didn't
know them I guarantee you what you have
at 19 20 21 years old hell over you
however old you are is is a lot better
it's a world better than the way they
had it no matter what color you are
religion you are anything and this is
what identity politics has put us up
against it's placed us in this situation
where we're grouping people based on
their immutable characteristics so if
you're black you should think this if
you're Muslim you should think this if
you're gay you should think this
this which really as you guys know this
is what intersectionality is all about
the idea behind intersectionality being
that if you take all of these groups you
can kind of put them together like a
transformer or something and that there
will become something stronger but
actually what's been proven and
everything that's happening in society
right now is that they're becoming
weaker they're actually in a sort of
oppression Olympics where they're
competing with each other for victimhood
and and victimhood is not virtue and
that's really important you know what's
virtue you guys it's what the model of
this state is Live Free or Die do
whatever yeah I mean that's what we're
kind of depressing about the fact that
we had to switch menus here I mean the
state motto is live free or die or it
goes live free or go to hockey rink but
that's what virtue is living free or die
figure out what you believe what do you
believe and fight for that relief fight
for that even by the end of this thing
and we'll do a robust Q&A and I'm happy
to hear from any of you guys that
disagree with me on all this stuff
whatever you believe if you fight for it
honestly and and using your mind and
your faculties and not because you
silence people or because you pulled
fire alarms or called in bomb threats if
you fight okay can someone shut off the
robots I don't know how we're gonna do
this
guys I got you we'll get to it do you
think anyone's here for you guys is that
what you think what's going on here guys
[Music]
I like this guy more listen that is guys
guys guys do you think anyone's here for
you do you understand what you're doing
right now hey listen listen listen
guys guys guys look at me look at me you
I mean you can at least look at me there
you go all right look look look look do
you think anyone's here for you do you
think anyone's here for you I agree
black lives matter
I agree black lives matter do not play
the quiet game we'll try it that way
guys guys you listen you got the script
down I'm gonna impress two with the
repetition you know guys okay let's try
this I see some black people in the
audience could someone ask them to be
quiet would that maybe work guys guys
come on you see thank you sister
guys guys guys you are what is wrong
with society right now you you are
proving it right now you are proving it
right now this nonsensical guys this
epic nonsensical self-righteous
sit down sit down yeah I know yell
louder Oh God
get laid like go do something with your
eyes so pathetic no one's here for you
yeah you know what I'll give you a
cookie if you can say something else how
about that I got a whole tray of cookies
back there no yeah do you think I don't
think black lives matter what are you
going she's checking the phone to make
sure she got the script right okay come
on now
come on you can do it you can do it take
a seat take a seat yeah okay remember
guys were the intolerant ones we are the
intolerant ones right you know you can
see all you guys getting real violent on
them you know nobody's here for them but
guys okay seriously shut the up
shut the it's pathetic you're
pathetic human beings really I'm all
about open exchange this is what I do
for a living I will gladly take all your
questions all night long
you are what is wrong with society you
serve right there you are what's wrong
with society and you ma'am you what's
wrong with society I know the police are
happy to kick you guys out well just
refresh me for a sec what were you
saying again cuz I yeah just relax relax
okay I believe black lives matter I
believe every life matters I believe
that we should not be prejudiced towards
everyone anyone and we should not have
laws that are dictated that are
different for anyone we should be
treating everyone equal that is the
beauty of America I'm gonna talk to my
friends right here the beauty of this
country is that people from every walk
of life have come here no matter the
color of their skin or their religion or
whatever they came with look what it
says on the on the Statue of Liberty you
know what I mean she didn't say bring us
your best she said bring us your poor
your huddled masses and you know what's
happened because of the incredible
freedoms that we have given people in
this country everyone look around this
room this is diversity but it's as I
said earlier it's not just diversity of
color its diversity of thought and I'm
gonna come up here I'm gonna talk about
a lot of
things that the Conservatives aren't
happy about and conservative groups
invite me to do that so I appreciate
that you've quieted down and if you
grant me the same respect that I'll
grant you that's how you change things
but that what you just did right there
that's not how you change things it is
how you change things just not change
things for the better anyway how's it
going on this side guys anyone want to
get anything up there their chest so
this scourge of identity politics it
truly it truly is rotting away at
everything that's right with this
country the country was founded on the
idea of the melting pot right that you
come here from wherever you came
wherever you came more people have come
to America to make a better life for
themselves than any place in the history
of the world that is absolutely true
does that mean it's perfect does no does
that mean we don't we've made mistakes
absolutely does that mean that there are
n justices now of course but there is no
place which is why no one ever leaves
any of you guys planning on leaving
America yeah nobody goes even Lena
Dunham she's still here it would be nice
if she left but she's still here okay
nobody leaves and that this is the irony
so you have this set of people now who
go on and on about identity politics and
everything that's wrong with America and
where this evil patriarchy and where
this evil racist society and they demand
at the same time I love this one they
demand at the same time that we should
have open borders so that I guess the
other people can share in the horrors
that are America that is not sensible
you see what I'm saying it's not
sensible people what is sensible is
coming together regardless of what your
differences are in the only way you do
that is if you view people as
individuals that every single one of you
that I can look at you right there
looking at me with the glasses you we
were we were having a moment there
you're looking away from me okay I'll
look at somebody else how you doing
buddy right here the only way I can
judge you I know nothing about you
nothing about you I know nothing about
you but all I can figure out is that if
we had a conversation I could figure out
what you think and why you think it and
hopefully if you thought some things
that I thought were wrong
through civility I could get you to
think differently and perhaps you could
get me to think differently so let's
talk about some of our differences
actually because turning-point
rights meet all of these things and
Charlie has no problem being on stage
with me and we have plenty of
differences I am I'm for gay marriage I
even married a dude I mean that's yeah
I'm gay okay Zippity damn dude I thought
I was gonna get an applause for my
oppression but alright yeah it doesn't
matter it just doesn't matter what you
should want are equal rights so any of
you can marry whoever you want to marry
you want equal rights that's all you
want you don't want extra rights the
conservatives invite me to these places
I'm what I would describe as grudgingly
pro-choice I think it's a horrible
decision to have to make I know two
women in the last year in my life who
had to have abortions or who chose to
have abortions I know this is for the
Conservatives this is this is a bridge
too far and I've had plenty of people on
my show I had a debate with ben shapiro
about abortion and you know I've picked
20 weeks as the I like where this one's
going oh is that rain is that I'm gonna
need a little more on that one yeah is
this a local thing what's going on do
you want to ask me something yeah you
could ask me something see this is this
is what happens every time
truly ma'am if you want to ask me
something I'd love to hear a question
from you no so you don't have a question
is there anything I said that you didn't
like did you not like anything you don't
want to comment on that either you see
what's going on here I really want you
guys to understand this because this is
so consistent we can get some robots and
clones here you know repeating some
stuff and now you have a jar with a
whatever the hell you got in there and
I'm I am seriously willing to have a
conversation with you right now let's do
it let's do it but you won't question me
and you won't tell me you didn't like
anything who's winning here do you think
right now who's changing more Minds me
or you
yeah I think I think I made my point all
right yeah no it's yeah he's got some
moves over here it's not true what they
say about white people can't dance I saw
that that was very impressive
he had that two white guys have two
moves like a shoulder thing and a little
toy but see this is what's happened this
is what has led us here to the irony
this is so ironic you guys don't
remember this but ten years ago when you
guys were whatever you were 10 11 12
years old the Conservatives were the
intolerant side the Conservatives
were the ones that were screaming
against gay marriage and the
Conservatives were the one talking about
all sorts of other stuff that was
actually intolerant this is intolerant
now and you don't get extra credit for
your skin color I hate to tell you so
yeah I mean that's just how it is I I
would love to have a conversation with
you and you want to rattle around a can
okay so that's fine but this is what has
happened you guys the Conservatives the
conservative how many of you actually
consider yourselves conservatives make
some noise make surprised if you
consider yourself a turd let's do it
yeah good for you guys you're gonna have
jobs in the future you're gonna have
cars and family and property and things
and it's pretty good that's sweet all
right how many of you consider yourself
libertarian any libertarians you can you
can do Moyes instead of clapping you're
here I love I mean really fundamentally
I think I'm probably although we're
gonna talk about classical liberalism in
a second I think actually more than
anything I'm a libertarian in that I
want you to live free and I want to live
free and the only exchange that we can
have there is that basically I'm gonna
have my stuff you're gonna have yourself
and you can't just come onto my property
and take my as long as we'd get
that far
that's a pretty good Society and that
means that occasionally people are gonna
say things that upset you that means
that people are gonna do things that
upset you but that's the beauty of this
thing you know there are some societies
where nobody's gonna say anything that
upsets you you know where that is that's
North Korea you don't want to be there
want to be there you are gonna be upset
every now and again but you know what
words are not violence I know that the
left has tried to trick you into
thinking that because somebody says
something that upsets you that you're
either allowed to punch them or silence
them or call in a bomb threat or force a
venue to have to move but that is not
your right you have the right to free
speech and your right to free speech the
whole purpose of your right to free
speech is that you have to respect
someone else's right to free speech now
what you can do by the way is protest I
hope that there are thank you I hope
that there are protesters are or world
protestors out there with as many signs
as they want to have doing their thing
and as long as you do it peacefully and
you don't encroach on anyone else's
rights that's your supposed to do that
in a free society it's beautiful but if
you use your free speech to infringe on
somebody else's you're actually not part
of civil society at all so all right
back to the libertarian so I like the
libertarians I voted for Gary Johnson I
had Gary Johnson on my show he didn't
know his name he wasn't the best
candidate ever not a great candidate he
was the first that ever turned me
against weed because he couldn't
remember a thing I mean he
really was just this would have been the
year 2016 would have been the year for a
Libertarian candidate I mean we had two
of what I would say are the worst
candidates in in at least as candidates
we can talk about Trump in a second but
at least his candidates we had two of
the worst most polarizing candidates
ever and all a libertarian had to do was
come in and understand some basic
and Gary just dropped the ball he just
every interview it was like watching a
muppet right it's too easy to beat up on
him so forget how many of you guys
consider yourselves classical liberals
classical liberals all right a couple
classical liberals they're very
respectful that's what I like so
classical liberalism this is interesting
because people say to me well what's the
difference Dave you say you're a
classical liberal and how is that
different than being on the Left how is
