[Music]
we're kicking off presidents week here
on the Rubin report and partnership with
learn liberty and we're talking about
five different presidents in five
different days with five different
academics and joining me today is a
professor of history at the United
States Military Academy at West Point
Rob McDonald Rob welcome to the Reuben
report thanks Dave it's great to be here
I'm very excited to talk to you I'm glad
we're kicking off presidents week with
you because we're gonna talk about the
man that you have written this book
about and edited several other books
about Thomas Jefferson everyone knows my
feelings about Thomas Jefferson this is
this is my favorite founder I think this
is the person whose politics have sort
of affected me personally the most so
let's let's just dive right in so let's
just you know so I really want to do
some one-on-one stuff and then I want to
extrapolate on sure on his greater
political philosophies and things in
later life and all that tell me a little
bit just about childhood first let's
just go into some history well you know
Jefferson was born and what was
essentially the edge of civilization in
1743 in the Piedmont of Virginia
his father was kind of an interesting
guy's name is Peter Jefferson he was
sort of a planner you know sort of an
aristocrat but also kind of a pioneer
and with a William and Mary math
professor named Joshua fry Peter
Jefferson plotted this map that would
serve is the kind of signature map of
Virginia for a good 100 years so you
know he was out there in the wilderness
and Native Americans would come through
Jefferson's house and you know travel
with his dad to Williamsburg where his
father was a member of the House of
Burgesses so were they actually
surveyors so they were doing sort of
what Washington did as well and really
looking at the land and parceling out
where houses were gonna be where roads
were gonna be mainly what they're do is
they were plotting the boundary line
between Virginia and North Carolina you
know so there was sort of an agreed-upon
location of it but they were putting
that within the context of the actual
you know natural topography gotcha so
what else do we need to know about his
childhood specifically its siblings
anything we know about his education
anything like well I mean you know
Jeffers
has a first memory and I guess we all
have first memories in his first memory
I think is especially poignant and maybe
relevant to what I predict will come up
in the rest of our discussion when he
was three years old his family was
moving temporarily from near
Charlottesville to a house of a relative
and the James River between the
Williamsburg in Richmond and Jefferson
was being carried on a pillow looking up
into the face of an enslaved man so I
mean this is a the world edged into his
mind and this result this is the world
into which he is born Wow that that is
incredible
what about education-wise do we do we
know anything about high school you know
just the later before before the
politics yeah so you know he had a
number of different teachers when he was
at this this house this family house
that they moved to called Tuckahoe
he had essentially a grammar school
teacher later on he had a teacher who
focused on Greek and Latin and then you
know in his late teens he moved to
Williamsburg and became a student at the
College of William and Mary and it was
kind of a an interesting time to be in
Williamsburg
you know when Jefferson was reading for
the law he was I believe 21 years old
and you know he heard Patrick Henry in
the House of Burgesses I'm talking about
the Stamp Act you know and he and he
said essentially you know Caesar had as
Brutus referring to King George the 3rd
and you know people shouted treason
treason and this is when Henry said if
this is treason make the most of it yeah
and you know here's young Jefferson kind
of hanging in the doorway listening in
and you know clear of those years were
formative for yeah are there any other
formative moments like that that kind of
set up his political beliefs um it's
interesting I mean that's a good
question I don't know I mean his his
beliefs are being formed in part by all
the different books that he reads and I
mean there a lot it was a vociferous
reader I mean when I went to Monticello
which we'll talk about yet I mean they
talked about all his library and he was
inventing things I mean this guy loved
knowledge he sure did so much that he
had
the largest library in the Western
Hemisphere Wow I mean that's pretty
incredible
is that you know at the house in
Monticello is that it well he had
several different libraries over the
course of his life you know it's a shame
one of the things that we don't know
about his childhood is exactly you know
what he was reading as a youngster we
have a list of books that his father
owned his father unfortunately died when
Jefferson was about 13 years old so we
have an inventory of his estate but you
know Jefferson's family house burned in
the 1770s
and you know he lost essentially his
first library so there are a few
questions about you know his early
intellectual development but you know
over the course of his life he owned a
number of different libraries including
the one that he would sell to the
Library of Congress after the British
you know burned down the Capitol they
needed new books and you know the books
that he supplied you know increased
their their collection tremendously I'm
always fascinated by that particularly
because it's like did these people learn
their political philosophies by reading
or that they were alive during the
founding of the country they knew why we
came here right you know and and that
it's always just sort of built into them
what freedom is and I suspect it's
probably a little bit of both I think
you're right I mean you know Jefferson's
law professor was this incredibly
significant guy named George width and
you know he trained a generation of
Juris through his perch at the College
of William and Mary and George Wythe
introduced Jefferson to a ruthie kind of
elite circle Jefferson you know played
the violin and the the governor at the
time when Jefferson was were a student
the royal governor in Williamsburg would
have these dinners slash jam sessions
guns you know young Thomas Jefferson
would be included and you could just
sort of imagine the kind of
conversations that he was you know party
to yeah and you know it was it was a
kind of formative moment not only for
him but also for the country that would
become the United States do we know
about any of his other big influences at
the time as far as individuals yeah just
people that he was around
anyone else that maybe flew under the
radar yeah I mean you know he had a
really good friend named Dabney Carr I
think their friendship was was you know
pretty pretty typical for the time they
when they were boys would would run up
this mountain that was near Jefferson's
childhood home and they would hang out
there under this this oak tree and they
made a pledge to each other that the
first one to die would be buried by the
survivor under that tree and that
mountain that they were you know hiking
up became Monticello Wow where jefferson
built his home and when car
unfortunately passed away jefferson made
good on his promise and that's the basis
for the the Monticello cemetery wow
that's interesting I didn't know that
yeah I must have seen it and or maybe
it's part of the tour yeah well I'd it's
at the end of the tour so uh it's a
quick walk yeah
but definitely worth seeing and you know
I mean that cemetery includes people who
have passed away
you know since Jefferson's life but it
includes you know many of the most
important people in his life including
his his wife you know his wife and he
married and I believe 1769
and they you know had many children
together including a few who didn't
survive infancy we know also that she
had some some miscarriages and
eventually she would die of
complications of from childbirth you
know before he hit age 40 so she's
buried there as well and that out she
has a big influence on him so what do we
know about his political philosophy
around the founding time yeah I mean he
Jefferson wrote that in some ways the
most elemental books of public right
were John Locke's two treatises on
government he thought very highly of
Montesquieu he felt very highly of
Shaftesbury so essentially you know he
he was imbibing these works of people
who we could probably call classical
liberals um you know John Locke had a
that's where I was trying to get you to
go yeah well I was hoping you were gonna
say you know I think it's it's a point
that people would agree on I mean you
know John Locke has this unenviable task
to explain to the British people why the
Glorious Revolution of 1688 was was okay
why is it legitimate to overturn one
monarch and bring in new ones like
William and Mary and essentially you
said you know in the state of nature all
people have have rights they pre exist
government you know you have the right
to life and liberty and property problem
in the state of nature is you don't
necessarily have security and so people
band together with others to
reciprocally protect their rights and
that's the origin of government that's
what government is for to protect
individual rights and if government you
know should cease protecting individual
rights or worse right if government
should trample upon those rights people
have the obligation to first petition
right and in complain but if the
government continues a long train of
abuses and usurpations right then they
have you know the obligation to rise up
and have a revolution and establish a
government that does the job that
government is supposed to do yeah and so
it's interesting because he was writing
about that at the same time he was also
building the institutions that have
given us so much freedom I mentioned
right before we started I mean the the
Jefferson Memorial which is a little off
the beaten path so people don't go to it
as much as they go to the Washington
mind him in or the Lincoln Trail or
whatever else but I was just there a few
months ago and you know it's it's a
circular building and they have these
giant plaques with some of his writing
and it's like man this guy his
understanding of what freedom is what
tolerances tolerance in the dry sense
his understand you know he's writing
about God but also at the same time
talking about why we desperately need a
separation of church and state yeah he's
he's writing about as later in life he
was writing laws to help free the slaves
while he owned slaves I think all of
those reasons are why he affected me so
much because it's like he was a complex
man of his time really grappling with
with really hard issues and wasn't a
perfect human while doing it yeah he
wasn't um and and I'm sure that will
come up but you know I think in some
ways one of his most interesting
monuments is the one he designed for
himself his gravestone and you know in
the spring of the final year
his life he designed it you know he
wanted it to be an obelisk and he
brought his epitaph and he wanted it to
read you know here was Barry Thomas
Jefferson author of the American
Declaration of Independence father of
the Virginia statute for religious
freedom and and father of the University
of Virginia and it's amazing when you
think about all right let me think about
what he didn't put on it Yeah right
he didn't he didn't mention I was a
member of the House of Burgesses he
didn't mention that he was remember the
Continental Congress there's a member of
Congress under the Articles of
Confederation didn't mention that he was
our ambassador to France
our first Secretary of State our second
vice president our third president yeah
he mentions instead that he's cutting of
the of the resume well it is been but
think about what it means right I mean
if he focuses on the Declaration right
which gives us political freedom and he
focuses on the Virginia statute for
religious freedom and in the University
of Virginia I mean you know the body and
the mind and the spirit and I think what
he was trying to tell us is that as far
as he was concerned his greatness came
not from the power that people gave to
him right but by them happen but from
the power that he restored to people
yeah I love that I mean that that sums
it up right there this may sound like
this sort of a mature question but do we
know how much work everyone was doing
together on the Declaration of
Independence actually um you know he
does it's probably fair to say that
Jefferson writes 95 percent of the words
that appear in the final text there were
there were some changes that we know
were made by by John Adams for example
in Jefferson's one of his early drafts
instead of writing we hold these truths
to be self-evident
he had it as sacred and undeniable you
know the exact same what's the nature of
the change there because those don't
sound - at odds with each other I don't
think they're at odds with each other at
all I think I think that in some ways
the Declaration is I mean this this
won't be a very satisfying answer for
people but I think that some changes in
the Declaration were made because they
sounded better and you know not to get
too much you got to sell this they've
already do what you do and you know so
there's this late scholar it's Dan
her name Jeff legally wrote a book
called declaring independence and he
made this pretty cool discovery so there
is an early engraving a printing of the
Declaration of Independence that has all
these strange punctuation marks littered
through it and you know five seen this
thing and for the longest time I thought
what's up with this and it turns out
that Jefferson in his library had a book
on rhetoric and it essentially said that
there is this natural like human ear
like people hear things in a way that
they find compelling and there are
certain rhythms certain patterns certain
ways to emphasize words that helps make
ideas more compelling and he suggested
that when people wrote speeches or you
know arguments they should use a system
of abbreviations and symbols to
demonstrate ok here is where you pause
here is where you add F emphasis to take
note of the rhythm and these symbols
correspond to these strange punctuation
marks that appear on this engraving in
other words it's as if Jefferson had and
early drafted the Declaration that we've
never seen yeah because it was passed
along to this printer and and so why did
Jefferson go with life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness instead of you know
the classic Lockean formulation of life
liberty and property yeah I think in
part because it just says better flow so
I wanted to ask you specifically about
that like life liberty and the pursuit
of happiness
okay so life were here okay liberty our
freedom the pursuit of happiness yeah is
one of the most to me it's like the most
incredible phrase you could possibly put
in a founding document I think maybe
only one other country is there one
other country that is pursuit of
happiness do you know I'm not sure if
yeah I think one other country and I'm
blanking on who it is has something to
that effect but it's such an empowering
statement to put in there because it's
really saying it's on you people like
well you know we'll protect your life
you know will protect your Liberty but
pursuit of happiness get going sure it's
fascinating
absolutely yeah I mean I think the
Declaration of Independence just
deserves its reputation as this world
historical document and it kind of sums
up a philosophy of freedom I mean just
think about you know the sentence from
what
that that quote is taken you know we
hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created equal that
they're endowed by their creator not the
government with certain inalienable
rights that among these are life liberty
and the pursuit of happiness and then
here's the part the quote often ends
there but the sentence continues that to
secure these rights governments are
instituted among men deriving their just
powers from the consent of the governed
so there's kind of a twin test of
legitimacy as far as governments are
concerned first they have to protect
individual rights that's their goal
right but the means by which they
achieve that goal you know need to be
democratic there's so much there so
let's let's unpack all of it so endowed
by their creator was there any debate
with them on whether that needed to be
in there or because they it would seem
like they all basically there was a
belief in God I think sure by most of
them at least I don't know that were any
of them known to be atheists I don't
think anyone was known to be a theist
but there was definitely a spectrum of
belief well you know so but that's that
phrase is interesting because they
purposely put that in there to say that
something you own something yourself
before government which is really
interesting and yet at the same time he
Jefferson especially was so clear about
the separation between church and state
right which is really kind of
fascinating well I mean the church is
too important to be contaminated by the
state right I mean you know in the
church when you think about it what was
that really the view or was it that he
didn't want the church infecting that I
think it was both it was both
it was absolutely both I mean you know
what absolute power corrupts absolutely
when you think about the Dark Ages right
I mean you have tremendous collusion
between the church and the government
the King receives his legitimacy from
from the Pope right and in turn the king
would require everyone to support the
church and you know if you went against
the state you were going against God and
when you went to the when you went to
your execution as punishment there was
not only a government you know
executioner but there was a priest
standing next to him to tell you that
you were gonna go to hell I mean this is
an incredibly powerful combination and I
think
- powerful yeah and I think a lot of
people don't really know that because
even for myself in a pretty well-versed
in this stuff I'm watching the crown on
Netflix and our - yeah and I didn't
realize how intertwined the monarchy was
Ronnie Church I guess I I guess I should
have known but it really was and that
was part of what they were trying to
protect against sure and and so I mean
when Jefferson is thinking about all
right so that's a wonderful moment for
reform we have declared our independence
we have a blank slate and you know how
can we make it so that we actually have
a fighting chance of surviving as a
