[Music]
all right so let's get back to that 10
seconds of videos you know the exact
line even though everyone says a heck of
a job brownie they don't even get that
right you actually say brownie you're
doing a heck of it yeah yeah I just want
to clean that up for you because even
that line day they don't get right ok
how many days into the hurricane was
that oh gosh I want to say is maybe four
maybe five days I've kind of I can flake
time but four five okay so four or five
days yeah what now I watched plenty of
other video today of what you were doing
at the time and there's you're standing
there people can see this on YouTube
you're standing there with giant maps of
the whole area it was very clear to me
at least watching it now that you had
total command of where things were who
was supposed to be where where water was
going to hit harder and this you know
and drugged bush you know it's his
credit he it seemed that he was
listening along with you and you know
doing the best job I think that he could
after was it it was it three minutes
after he says that that you realized
there that the media went crazy with it
that was the minute it was the minute he
said it because here's what you don't
know but you what most people don't know
is that I had told the I called Air
Force One and said when he lands and
gets here I need five minutes before we
do any sort of public photo-op and when
you even if my level of the
undersecretary even when you say I got
to have five minutes with the president
they still want to know why and I said
because he's got to understand before he
walks in front of cameras how bad things
are New Orleans because we're gonna
leave that Air National Guard base get
on marine one and we're gonna fly to New
Orleans and he's gonna start seeing how
screwed up it is in New Orleans and I
want to make sure he understands that
before he gets there so sure we got
plenty time so we walk into the green
room I'm just starting to talk to the
president and they come in and say we
got to get moving presses out here we're
already running late and they pulling
that and I don't have time to breathe
man it is Wow so the moment and here's
what really happened Bob Riley who was
the Governor of Alabama former
congressman good friend of mine we were
doing great now Alabama things were
perfect in Alabama perfect things were
very good in Mississippi it was just
Louisiana so Bob Riley being the
supporting guy that he is said oh by the
way mr. president I just want you to
know the theme was doing a great job in
Alabama and that's when the president
said boo
slapped me in the gut and it was that
moment Dave that I knew oh my god now
three things have happened the press
knows that I've got a relationship with
the president I have a nickname so I'm
one of the few people in the inner
circle that has a nickname to the press
knows how bad things are in New Orleans
and now both me and the boss look like
we're totally out of touch about what's
happening down the Gulf I mean there's
so much there you really realize how
this was happening yeah I I was if you
watch that closely you'll see me grimace
because I was just like holy yeah so
okay so once that happened how much of
what your job became was just dealing
with media craziness total total not
just the media but now with a Secretary
of Homeland Security by the name of
Michael Chertoff who had never done any
sort of operations in his life he was an
appellate court judge yeah an appellate
court judge has clerks that bring your
briefs and say here's what we think your
decisions should be you sit behind the
desk you take your time you don't
realize that if you put off a decision
for 30 minutes in the middle of a
disaster that translates to three hours
and that costs lives so now I'm dealing
with a Boston DC that doesn't have a
clue what he's doing
who's mad at me because I'm on a
Gulfstream trying to get from mobile to
Gulfport to Baton Rouge to New Orleans
and trying to keep my fingers on
everything going on who tells me I'm
tired of you flying around because I
can't find you and I'm thinking you
can't find me I'm on a government
Gulfstream that's got saddling you can
find me anywhere in the world if you
want to
so tells me to plant life
in Baton Rouge and I turn to my staff
and say this is the beginning of the end
they're after me
the media is after me Chertoff after me
they're looking for a scapegoat I'm not
that stupid I know what's going on yeah
are there any points of criticism during
that time that you think are yes yeah
yes I have a friend who is a
psychiatrist at the Kennedy School of
Government and the School of Public
Health and I asked him one time I said
there was a point during Katrina where
you haven't known me but a few minutes
now but I think you can tell I'm a
pretty type-a person person pretty
energetic I'm pretty engaged in whatever
I do I'm passionate about what I do and
I asked my buddy I said so I know that
there was a point where I was just
frozen I literally could not make a
decision what happened what happens he
drew me a cartoon and it's a cart you
know the great Wizard of Oz well it's a
picture of me in the first panel pushing
all these buttons and levers and turning
wheels and stuff and in the second panel
I'm staring at that same group of
buttons like what's going on and in the
third panel I've gone around look behind
and all the wires have been cut and he
says that physiologically whether it's
it's a it's PTSD it's a natural
phenomena in the brain that when we are
trained like if I if I have trained
myself that when I tell my staff do X I
expect X to happen when you and I turn
on these lights or flip a switch we
expect the lights to come on now you add
all of the physical stress the emotional
stress and nothing is working the brain
starts to shut down and I will freely
admit and this is why I I to this day I
saw a firefighter the other day on the
street was having lunch and I walked up
to him and I said what are you doing
we've been doing training and I'm taking
the guys out for lunch and I said well
you don't know who I am
let me just tell you that
yeah you know making sure those guys
have time off and that they get rest
that's the most important thing you can
do because if they don't get rest when
they're fighting the fires they
themselves can become victims of that
disaster so we've got to learn to train
ourselves that when we're under that
kind of stress you have to be able to
step back and this is when I speak about
resilience I've learned to try to teach
audiences that we all have a network and
what we have to do is learn that when we
find ourselves in those moments that
we're either not making the right
decisions
or we're not making decisions we need
some external force to come in and kind
of slap some sense into us and say
change your perspective what I see is
this if somebody had helped me do that
during Katrina
- still had the presidential bus running
over but at least I would have known why
and what was happening but is that
almost counter to the way a sort of big
government has to operate yes it is
right like you can't go running around
smacking people are trying to get him to
wake up because the machine is so stiff
right but but what I needed and you
could my very best friend of my lawyer
Andy Lester who went through all the
congressional hearings with me to this
day he'll tell you he regrets not
getting in his car and driving to Baton
Rouge because he's watching this from a
distance and he's seeing what's
happening and he knows me well enough
that he could tell that I'm just frozen
like nothing's working what do I do next
and I just needed that external force to
come in and say you're right nothing's
working here's why let's take inventory
have you slept no I haven't slept for
three days maybe you ought to go try to
take an ambien at least get four hours
of sleep it's that kind of stuff that
makes a huge but at that point also with
what was happening because of the media
you were sort of just in a feeding
frenzy oh it was like a self-fulfilling
absolutely self-fulfilling it's right
you know to this day I am always amazed
I mean I could I could go through the
litany of falsehoods that I'm no longer
defensive about because they're
falsehoods and it is what it is and I
love talking about
them in front of you know corporate CEOs
and titans of industry who think they
know that they can run everything well
let me tell you someday the prefer the
proverbial feces is gonna hit the fan
and you're happening and you're gonna
want to learn these lessons and learn
them well that's why I run a small
business here we have a very very very
good what what do you make of just sort
of the I guess this is just part of the
human condition the idea that we always
need someone to blame now you are
acknowledging that not everything went
right you didn't make every right
decision we're acknowledging government
over you know nonsense and all that but
just this need to blame because I think
you are one of the first examples
because maybe it was sort of it that
just at the beginnings of social media
or lines and I'm just like let's just
take this guy didn't know who he was yes
long enough and let's just destroy that
let's we'll destroy his career and then
we'll try to destroy his life yeah what
do you what do you make of just that
general psychological well then there is
a there's two ways to look at it in
Judaism there is the the philosophy of
finding the scapegoat and putting all
the sins of the community putting all
the sins of the village and escape on
the goat and throwing the goat over the
cliff well I think that really is
applicable to life in general and we
have through social media I can't I
can't even imagine what I would have
been like with social media back in 2005
it was brutal enough without it but I
think we have when you think about the
hierarchy of needs that people have the
long love power social media has
amplified all of those and the the
feeling of being superior to somebody
else so permeates our society that any
chance we have to squish somebody it
makes I don't know whether it's an
endorphin rush adrenaline but something
that we now have this horrible horrible
desire to just destroy people they have
lives they have families now some people
maybe they deserve it maybe them but I
like to think that everybody unless
you're just totally the doofus people
are actually trying to do the best they
can
yeah I mean I'm a firm believer in that
yeah but yes of course there
are people that want to just destroy
them unfortunately I think social media
amplify the best antidote to that is me
because I refused to stay down there
were people that actually advised me you
need to slither away and I was like are
you kidding I cannot wait for these
congressional hearings because I can't
wait for some dumbass congressman or
dumbass senator who thinks that he's
God's gift to creation to ask me a
question because I'm gonna telling the
truth whether he likes it or not so
let's talk about those hearings a little
bit because when you see it just any
here right any hearing related to any
yeah it strikes me as patently obvious
that pretty much the senator is M
congressman have almost no idea what
they're talking about really right but
they've been handed a brief career and
they've been told by probably you know
handler or whoever these are the three
questions you got to ask because we got
to get you on CNN tonight so then you
can push this and blah blah just did the
hearings when they're trying to
unpackage all of this do the hearings
ever make things better at the end like
is there a hearing that ends and then
they go we really solved the problems of
why Katrina happened why the levees fail
what the problems were with Nemo or
other responders etcetera etcetera
rarely in fact let me tell you it's
actually worse than what you think it
right it's just more government growing
it's no it's more government growing but
to tell you how bad it really is and
there if as the undersecretary if I'm
gonna testify now I was a private
citizen when I testified in the in the
Katrina hearing yeah wait just to be
clear so how long after the the yeah
brownie you know until you until you
resigned well I actually interestingly I
resigned on September 11th of 2005 but
then they came to me and said oh we need
you to stay on because we've got to
figure out just what's going on because
they're gonna come after the
administration so we went to plow we
want to keep you in the fold for a while
so they kept me on as a consultant force
I want to say four or five months
afterwards and then I pulled it you must
be seriously pissed at that but now you
knew you were just yes so I pulled the
trigger and said no more consulting I'm
a private citizen
and so when I'm called to testify the
White House has to do one of two things
they have to be there except that I'm
gonna tell the truth or they have to
invoke executive privilege and prevent
me from testifying and we deliberately
set it up with Susan Collins and Joe
Lieberman for Senator Lieberman to ask
me a question
so about conversations with the
President or the White House so that
when that question was asked my lawyer
could say my client wants to answer the
question but he cannot if the White
House is going to invoke executive
privilege which then allowed senator
Lieberman see how the charade works yeah
then allows senator Lieberman to ask is
there anyone in this hearing room from
the White House who wants to invoke
executive privilege and of course the
room silent thank you sure that works
right and since early Bruin laughed and
said well I'm sure there are plenty of
people from the White House here but
apparently nobody wants to invoke
executive privilege mr. Brown answer the
question and then we were off to the
races but to go back about just a
regular hearing yeah if an
undersecretary or any other government
official is going to go testify his
testimony is cleared through the Office
of Management and Budget that testimony
is given to the senators and congressmen
in advance the questions are given to
the witness in advance it is a show it
is a production how much of it also is
that they're asking you things as if
everything sort of works perfectly in
any of the hearings you know in Hillary
the Benghazi knows where they're asking
minute by minute what did you say then
to this person that person I mean I know
in my own daily life you ask me what
happened three three days ago at noon
right you know I don't know I don't know
I'd have to think about it for a while
but me and maybe I can maybe maybe no
you come up with it right yeah but just
that they they're trying to get you on
every little thing plus the pressures of
your you're under oath right the media
watching and everybody else I mean it
just seems like it's a recipe for
nothing - nothing good nothing
substantial to comment nothing
substantial does come out of them now I
think there's an exception if if in the
House or Senate if they are truly
conducting an investigation and here's
how to tell if they're truly
conducting an investigation they'll
deposed witnesses outside the hearing
room they will ask a witness either
voluntarily or with subpoena to come in
and subject to a deposition by staff
lawyers that's a real investigation
that's really sitting you down and
saying swear to tell the truth the whole
truth nothing but the truth
now let us ask you a series of questions
and that can actually result in
something productive now for the witness
you have to be very careful because like
anything else to your point what you
doing Wednesday at noon I you know I
went to went to this bagel shop down the
street and had lunch what was the name
of it well I think it was X they find
that actually you went to a burger stand
and had a burger now they got you in
perjury yeah
it's crazy really is quickly so what was
the resolution and when the hearings
ended like what do they do so then they
issue a report the report they're a part
brand and the report what the report I
get a kick out of this because the
report virtually acknowledged everything
that I had said was wrong about the
integration of FEMA and these other
agencies in the DHS there was a virtual
admission to that then the things that
they wanted to do to correct were I
don't want to over exaggerate so let's
just say 50% they in essence adopted
about 50% of the things I've been
arguing about now is it working it's not
working because the way things go in DC
whoever has the money has the power and
you can't won them I'm using the FEMA
current FEMA director who's a former
employee of mine is an example you can't
expect him on a day-to-day well what's
his name Brock Brock long okay used to
be the at the National Hurricane Center
emergency manager in Alabama he's a
great guy I love this guy
probably should have said that because
that he'll probably regret having said
that we don't know but you probably made
his can
yeah exactly so it was like my family
well that the the reports the reports so
if you're fighting on a day-to-day basis
for your budget with the Secretary of
Homeland Security and all the other
under secretaries and then when a
disaster hits now you're the boss and
the secretary is subordinate to you can
you imagine doing that in the private
sector
one day you're the CEO but under certain
circumstances you as the CEO are
actually subordinate to somebody else on
your staff I mean that's an untenable
situation but that's kind of the
situation they created with the post
Katrina act that's crazy
so we touched obviously on the media
portion of this and I mentioned how when
I was googling you this morning as I'm
doing research half the articles come up
or about the 10-year Android sorry and
they're still attacking yes
now again you have sat here and
acknowledge that you did not do
everything perfectly but but what is it
what do you make of that in a more broad
sense about the media because I talk
about the media out here and I'm
extremely frustrated with mainstream
media and it's almost gotten to the
point where every time they write
something bad about somebody I start
thinking that they're actually the good
guy no because I see the way I do it to
me right that the media really has
completely gotten out of control
they've lost they've lost all integrity
they've lost all this is what I do in my
own radio program is I don't tell I
don't ever try to tell people what to
think I try to give them a different
perspective so that they can with their
own minds maybe think about something a
different way the media if you look for
