[Music]
YouTube week in partnership with library
continues this week and joining me today
is a stand-up comic a writer and an
actor
Yoko Dakar welcome to the Rubin
reporting of having me Dave glad to be
here you're looking sharp man thank you
it's not very stand-up is it the suit
and things like that I feel like I
should have come in just like a t-shirt
looking you're looking sort of old pro
standup oh wow not candy three year olds
okay but I just won't have the wisdom
that an old pro has not yet but I'm glad
you like the dress yeah very very I like
when a guest says I'm you know I'm not a
big show this thing's on the YouTube
thank you yes a great job being a fan
for a long time and I'm very happy to be
here
cool well I'm happy that you are here
and I look fan of yours as well thank
you thank you very much and there's a
lot that we're gonna talk about from
from stand-up to the videos you create
you live in Australia which is a far-off
I darius place for us american 15 our
flights geez yeah it's it's forward
right as it's a day forward in Australia
so when I'm talking to everyone I'm
talking to them in the future
Oh what you did you wouldn't think about
it cuz Australia is kind of sort
backward anyway so it's kind of an
oxymoron going on there yeah so this is
part of YouTube week what we're doing
here and I get to be when all these
youtubers this week I don't know that
you quite consider yourself a youtuber
but you consider yourself a stand-up
robably more than anything else right
that's see I used to be a really
skeptical skeptical of the term youtuber
because there was a certain stigma
attached to that because you generally
be associated with people who just do
pranks or vloggers but since then I've
kind of learned it and I thought yeah
I'm a youtuber because it's the medium
where I put out a lot of my content
which is comedy and short films but I'm
happy to be referred to as a youtuber
all right would you say stand up first
though if we were raised a comedian
first yes I think a lot of the writing I
do is very comedic even the acting it's
quite based in character comedy and
things like that so I just comedian yeah
so you came onto my radar about two
three years ago you did a video called
modern education yeah pretty much tore
up the internet yeah where did you get
the it we're gonna play a little clip
from it I static him but where did you
get the idea for this video modern edgy
well I was doing a lot of comedy as I
said and there seems to be this
pervasive idea of like what was good
comedy and there was like a lot of
social policing going around and I
always considered my comedy quite
progressive if anything I mean at face
value some of the jokes could be quite
broad aja sand in your face and
aggressive but underneath all that there
was an underlying message of you know
social liberalism basically but I
constantly got attacked for being racist
and sexist and I suppose I had my like
red pill moment then and yeah exercising
your white privilege exactly all right
like I'm clearly like I'm a white
nationalist I'm all of that and from
there I I didn't really look I wasn't
too interested in politics or anything
like that but I started to research a
bit more into it and and look into it a
bit more and and I sort of understood
the underlying cultural themes and ideas
that were you know contributing to this
kind of left-wing authoritarianism I'd
call it in I wanted to create something
that as you said told them apart because
I really I just didn't like that at all
and I've done a sketch a few months
earlier called hashtag equality you
might have seen that one as well that
one went quite well
my audience was very Australian prior to
that sketch so it was reaching an
audience here in North America and all
across the globe and and then I went
with modern education I really wanted to
go even deeper and try to not just sort
of say like hey look the left is
annoying in there they're LCCs or
whatever but I wanted to try to go
deeper a bit more and try to say like
that the emphasis on continued social
equity as the major aim is actually very
detrimental to just basic meritocracy
and that's probably the main message I
wanted to get across with modern
education I wanted to make it funny it's
quite a dark it's a very dark tone yeah
but you know I wanted to go for the
humor and the satire and I put it out
there and we were you know I mean my
friend Tim who I worked with on that
video and a lot of my other short films
we were skeptical as to how it would go
because it's the internet we thought you
know any video that doesn't get to the
punchline with
thirty seconds it's not gonna go well
yeah and this one there's no dialogue
for the first minute yeah and overnight
it got about twenty thousand views we
thought well that's quite good we're
happy with that
yeah then when we woke up Australian
time in the morning it had about 700,000
I think in a matter of hours it had
literally blown up and once you guys are
from the future over there so exactly
portend what was gonna happen yeah we
knew that was gonna you know we could
predict that and that week it just went
it went truly viral like I got millions
of views you got reuploaded on a lot of
Facebook pages we counted something like
20 million views all up when you take
into account the views on the YouTube
upload and all of the Facebook uploads
so it's very gratifying and there's a
lot of hate surrounding it okay we'll
get to the heat after so let's play a
little clip and and I just want to add
what was so beautiful about it was not
only because it was funny and because it
was poignant and relevant all that but
it was beautifully shot it wasn't
professional you know I try to put out a
professional show on YouTube and you
made a professional video on YouTube and
you see so many things that are just you
know webcam this or yeah silly graphic
this or that but you you actually made
saying that is really great I think we
talked it up enough let's throw out of
the clip
well done little bees you do Simon six
out of ten hey be careful you've been
staring at her for ten seconds what it's
a form of harassment to stare at a woman
for more than 15 seconds straight and
when I used to turn straight I don't
mean to offend any persons of a
non-traditional sexual preference and
when I used to turn non-traditional I
don't mean to offend any persons who
oppose historically normal eyes okay I
get it
unfortunately sunshine your research
assignment is only worth a word out of
10 I've used Fourier transform in
mathematical methods in the electronics
to analyze the electro diagrams of
at-risk patients and calculate their
risk of experiencing a heart attack I
mean it's a new method but it could
potentially save thousands of lives
seven you barely even read it you used
red pen what ready is considered
offensive in many religions why would
you belittle everything down to a
singular color
well Humanity is a rainbow of beauty and
spirituality yeah okay fine
seven out of ten but that still means I
get to go to the summit right the
marking process isn't over yet now
because we live in a society based on
equality the total amount of marks are
to be divided equally among our students
you've got to be kidding me
well that students we're all equal we're
all but then who gets to go to the
summit hi we haven't added our
privileged points yet don't you know
anything that is correct now never pee
you are females or that's passed one
privilege point
however you were white so that's minus
one I will do bisexual plus one that
leaves you with a total score of six out
of ten Simon unfortunately you're
straight white and male and cisgender
yes so that's minus four privileged
points which leaves you with a total
score of one so me fair now you your
mail and I don't like you so that's
minus two privileged points but you are
brown and sexually ambiguous so that's
plus two that leaves you with a total
score of five wait why am i sexually
ambiguous and finally sunshine I'm gay
I'm trans I'm Asian I'm overweight I'm
lower class I'm unintelligent
unattractive I've got hairs on my
nipples and I always caught body odor
and I can't really run properly or tie
my shoelaces by myself I once watched
the pigeon die wonderful sunshine that's
thirteen privileged points that leaves
you with a total score of 18 out of 10
well done sunshine you're going to New
York
sunshine you could do it let me see this
they've just written equality and drawn
love hearts on a piece of paper he
expressed himself and it's beautiful
he didn't even spell equality correctly
we don't discriminate he says nothing to
do with mathematics you think you're so
great with your maths and your signs and
your backs
what about feelings what about feelings
what does that mean that's the perfect
point to end it yeah what I like about
watching that with you is you still get
a kick out of it which out sometimes
it's hard to watch your own stand-up or
some of the things you produce yeah
usually we might stand up in other
sketches I find it a bit mmm a bit
disconcerting to watch but that one I
like I like it yeah yeah what's that
feeling like when something that you do
like kind of rips through something else
you like when it really actually makes a
mark it's very satisfying sorry sighs
well because that's what you want to
achieve as a
as a writer as any artist in general and
to just observe how well it went and to
see how many people caught on to it and
that it meant a lot to a lot of people
and it really resonated it's very
gratifying
what does it say that comedy is heading
in that direction because one of the
things I've noticed lately is that the
left unfortunately has sort of killed
comedy at least here in America and I
want to talk a bit about the Australian
scene as well but that what I find funny
these days is coming more so from the
right sort of the libertarian right
yes but the same people that are mocking
the same things that that you're going
after yeah I I agree and that's really
interesting because growing up you know
was the opposite yeah it was always the
left that were the the funny ones
basically because they were fighting
against the the authority yeah and now
the tables have turned essentially
because the left is kind of one the
culture war sorry to fight against that
is provocative were you worried at all
yeah will you worried though that you're
gonna put this out it goes against what
all the sort of norms are even accepted
just career-wise like the accepted like
oh I want to get the right agency to
pick me up and I want to get the
television show and all that but I'm
gonna do something that goes against the
very grain of what they sent as funny
even if it is funny you know yeah I was
very worried very well and especially
when it went really well to begin with I
was quite shy and a lot of institutions
were offering interviews and things like
that and I kind of backpedal and I
thought ah what's happening like what
have I done I've ruined my career
forever yeah but I like to think the
film itself is is quite accessible
because I think a lot of people on the
Left would also watch that film and say
that's true see I think I've what I've
done with it as I've created a picture
and like Illustrated an argument that
it's not just your typical like all the
left is stupid all the left is annoying
I've kind of gone a bit deeper than that
so it's it's not that easy to just kind
of dismiss it as like oh this is just
some right-wing trash yeah I like to
think anyway I did check yeah on the
Google today and what you said earlier
is true you did get a certain amount of
hate I did I saw articles written about
you yeah you know you're in it with the
all right I'm yeah I'm fine all right
that's naughty
insult any mother's makes you're not far
left so I'm just like yeah whatever I'm
all right like cool what was that like
yeah we could snip that and like ruin my
career just make sure you use all of
what I said before that it's all snip a
bow and the fact now you asked them to
do that means that they can't do that
that's sort of how it works I've ruined
it now now I'm OVA now you've really
ruined it what was it like though
getting that level of hate
it was surreal it was a bit I felt a bit
uneasy to begin with I had luckily I'd
had a big viral video a couple of years
ago within Australia that had achieved
like a million views in Australia within
a week which is like one you know five
percent of the population so I kind of
knew what I was dealing with bits
I just became a hermit for a week I
didn't really look at social media too
much Tim my friends in here now directs
a lot of the films he would kind of keep
me updated with what people are saying
and and and things like that i well i
backpedal backpedal a little bit which I
kind of regret right now I did these big
posts saying like hey look I'm a I'm a
centrist don't like bucks me in with the
riot and things like that which no I
kind of regret that because like I'm
giving in in a way but at the time when
older heat was coming on me I think that
was just like a natural response yeah
but they never stop right so you could
you could say that as many times I'm a
centrist I'm a good guy don't worry
Bobby well there's never enough that
they're like are he's cool he's cool
well they just throw out those like
labels so much that they've just lost
all meaning so I got like I said I don't
if people say like your race is still
like internalized racism or something
like that I'm just lying yeah yeah
doesn't affect me one of the things that
I thought was so cool about it was that
I I mean I didn't know who you guys were
beforehand but the fact that it came
from Australia I thought wow yeah the
stuff that I've been talking about that
so many people are talking about right
now that's just kind of bubbling up they
get it in Australia too and that means
how many other countries do they really
get it it's glow and then when I did a
little more research on you and I found
out that you're Indian and all that I
was like wow it does show that none of
this has to do with the immutable
characteristics that color your skin or
your sexuality or any of that it's what
it's what's right and what's wrong
that's it and that was
the beautiful moment for me which is why
I shared that thing like a thousand
times
it's about your opinions and your values
as a person and you know your skin color
or genders shouldn't matter I'm am I'm
not entirely dismissive of identity
politics I think there are some
conversations that identity politics is
relevant like particularly if you're
talking about issues that do affect
certain race or gender it does hold some
authority to say like hey look I am that
race I am that gender my opinion should
be given a certain level of authority
but this idea that like because you know
because I'm brown I'm only allowed to
talk about Brian issues and like a white
male is just not allowed to talk about
it I disagree with that
yeah if anything I think that's well
that's quite patronizing cuz it's the
the assumption is that like as a
minority I can't handle views that like
opposed mine and I'm such a snowflake
that like anyone that says anything
against me I'm gonna just crumble and
that's actually quiet
well it's discriminatory because it's
assuming that like I'm less like well
that's what a lot of people describe is
the soft bigotry of low expectations
exactly yeah
which is pretty depressing when a watch
how I'll use that to get to this next
question yeah I wasn't thinking of until
just now
okay but did you see that there's this
documentary now about a poo from from
The Simpsons I did say that yeah it's
called I think that the trouble with a
poo or yeah it's not something like that
but in effect basically saying that this
is somehow a bad stereotype and now
meanwhile everything in the Simpsons is
awful stereotype exactly the clown is
James the worst type of Harold a
stereotype but but the idea I haven't
seen the documentary yet I will watch it
maybe in my opinion will change after
but the idea of up who being offensive
or something they've taught so much
about Indian culture and had an Indian
wedding and yeah family and the children
and you've met his parents and the
episode where he's going to be deported
and he becomes the you know proud
American and shows Homer not to be a
bigot and all of this stuff it's like
man this is actually becoming racism
this is your coming what what did you
want them to do you know is a beloved
television character on probably the
greatest comedy
in modern times exactly I mean I do a
joke about that where I do say like it
is there's a bit of complexity to that
issue because I think as a growing up
like when up who is the only
representation of brown people that can
be quiet it's it's just it's not nice
and I used to be more like Oh get him
off the air like any sort of like
stereotypes like that are harmful but
I've sort of realized there's a bit more
nuance to that in that when you're in a
minority
you can't expect like everyone to kind
of bow down to you like you're in a
minor I'm understanding in Australia
like brown people are not like they're a
very small percentage of the population
so like not everything's going to like
revolve around us I do I do think like
the outrage that's happening now I mean
that was a show that came out in the 90s
so it would be different if they created
that character today that's
yeah like the whole outrage machine it
just doesn't it's it's like just just do
it then like the best way rather than
sort of complaining and saying like hey
change this change this to the people at
the top do something yourself you know
that was my philosophy like yeah I don't
like this like taxi driver kind of
character that much but I'm gonna show
that like not all Indians elect oh I'm
gonna do that myself and be an
individual and like I like to thing I've
done that you know there's not many
videos where I'm just like a very
stereotypical India I do make jokes
about that like don't get me wrong
particularly in my comedy I have all
sorts of you know Brown jokes in there
as I'm sure many people would know but
yeah that kind of like dependency and
and like sort of like demanding that
like you know this this character needs
to be taken down it's just it's not
empowering because you're saying like I
can't do it myself therefore someone
else has to like change that for me it's
also it's in a ratio of history don't
you think like even if they yeah if they
