[Music]
all right people we are live on the
YouTube I've got the lobster and I've
got the hair it sounds like some sort of
70s guys that could that be a rock band
or is that like it could be some kind of
violent flick or a mafia movie or
violent rock band a violent rock man
yeah all right I've wanted to get you
guys together you two have never been
seen on camera before I think that's
true as far as you know I did appear in
front of Jordan but we never intersected
onstage at the Masonic when you decided
I should open when you mean harmonica
harmonica solo out of all the same
moments that we've had in the last two
months would you say that bringing Eric
Weinstein mathematician out on stage at
the Masonic to play the harmonica and
have 3,000 people give him a standing
ovation would that be the time yeah that
was good that was good it worked really
well too because he turned out he
actually could play the harmonica yeah
she's a good thing if you're going to
try it in front of 3,000 people I'd do
that first for me I didn't play in front
of a smaller crowd before that so I was
uh it was a bit of a it was pretty sweet
all right so good night yeah all right I
want to cover a hundred percent of new
stuff okay for the next two hours
there's a bunch of stuff obviously that
we've been hitting on on tour and some
things that we've been sort of catching
up on as this has all been going on so I
thought the place to start I think would
be something that I've been starting a
lot of the shows with when I go out
there and I do a little intro and I get
everybody going and warming up for for
Jordan the idea that we're starting to
win and when I've been saying win
there's a feeling in the crowd of like
whoa maybe all of this madness that
we've all been talking about for all
these years may be enough people have
woken up now that there is something
shifting so I've brought that up up a
bunch and you've sort of picked up on it
on a couple of shows and talked about
why winning isn't necessarily the way we
should view this or what winning
actually is so I thought that would be a
good place to to kick us off here well
it's like it's more what winning
actually is you know because one of the
things that has to be contended with in
the current situation is that
especially in the United States but also
in the rest of the Western world there's
a political divide Americans have been
voting 50% Republican and 50% Democrat
for for elections pretty much split
right down the middle and they're keep
there can't be any final victory by one
side over the other because everyone has
to live together so the victory is how
can we continue to live together
peacefully and productively and and and
and we have to figure out the pathway
forward to that but then I think there's
another kind of victory that it's deeper
than that that's on the horizon which is
that I think the narrative that
underlies our culture as a whole has to
shift and I started to think about this
when I was working for a UN committee
about five years ago I worked on a
committee on sustainability for the
secretary-general and I had a chance
with the people that I was working for
and within Canada to rewrite the
underlying narrative because it was very
pessimistic it was a real Cold War
narrative North against South and
capitalists against socialists and doom
and gloom on the horizon and it seemed
to me to be outdated really by about 40
years and I started to read a lot of the
economic development and ecology
literature and mostly what I found was
that things are getting better globally
so fast and on so many different
dimensions that it's almost
inconceivable and yet no one seems to
know that and in the aftermath of that
there's been about six books published
in the last five years that like
Pinker's book right but but but by no
means that's by no means the only book
detailing out a revolution in living
standard progress and and ecological
progress for that matter around the
world so I think there's two victories
to be held here to be had here one is to
pull us everyone out of the pessimistic
apocalyptic Cold War narrative that
enveloped us for four or five decades
and to notice that the future could
actually be bright if we were careful
and the second is to make sure that the
political dialogue in the West doesn't
polarize to the degree that we start
doing things that are fatally stupid
yeah all right so let's talk about the
second part first because I think that's
where we've really been for
seeing the political part so it's
interesting to note this fifty-fifty
divides I don't think that's a reason I
guess I have a strongly different take
and maybe it's the same we'll have to
figure that out to me the 50/50 mark is
going to more or less hold as long as
these two parties can calculate what's
the maximum they can what with the
minimum they have to give up to win an
election and so the key issue is what is
the 50/50 composition look like and
unfortunately what it keeps looking like
is the two parties becoming more and
more nightmarish in my mind and less
trustworthy so we the fifty-fifty
continues to hold but what it represents
is attention attention increases is
getting much worse so the key issue is
that those of us who are sort of Center
I mean I don't love the left-right
spectrum but let's just use it as
shorthand that the center left and the
center right have to see each other as
our natural allies and the center left
has to clean house and get rid of the
nutty left and the center right has to
get rid of the far right and that's the
optimistic scenario I think winning is
incredibly important okay well that's a
good interesting way of conceptualizing
it let me go a little bit further sure I
think that we have to stop being
apologetic about winning and what
winning means winning means that the
advance guard of the radical Center has
to make this a safe and habitable space
again and so in order to do that and the
reason I you know try to focus mostly
most of my negative energy on the left
is is that it's my responsibility to
clean house on the radical bad
progressive movement that is almost
certainly going to fuel the far-right
mmm it's not efficient for me to go
after the far-right because I mean if of
course I'm gonna be anti-nazi and it's
you skinhead right but well we've we've
talked about that a lot too because when
we do the events you know you all these
hit pieces that come out and we'll talk
a little bit about that well when they
say that your audience is all these
angry white men and all of this nonsense
which every night it is proven to be
it's like yeah you address that every
night talking about the bad identity
politics of the right but it's not
something that well believe the thing
that's strange and that ties in to what
what you're saying as well is that it
isn't obvious to me who the dangerous
right are you know it's obvious to me
who the dangerous laughte are because
they occupy the universities but it's
not just the universities this isn't I
mean this is so miss thunk if you will
that we have to really break the frame
and and re weave it so the journalists
keep saying oh you guys are focusing on
a tiny problem afflicting a few
universities that mostly nobody's ever
heard of yeah that's definitely not true
well the first thing is is that it
deflects the problem from the number one
problem isn't the universities its
journalism and so the idea is that the
journalists are saying you guys are
complaining about this small story in
the universities like no you're getting
it wrong we're complaining about the
number one story which is the sense
making apparatus having gone haywire and
if you think about these journalists
that we're now dealing with as like the
hermit crabs that have crawled into the
shells that we used to know right so
whether CNN or NPR or National Review or
whatever these structures are it's a
different group of hermit crabs the
shells are the same and the great danger
is is that if you recognize the font at
the top of the LA Times in the New York
Times you think you're getting the same
product but the product has become
radically different and there was a
problem back then I'm not saying that
there wasn't and you know of course the
issue is that when we criticize
journalists now they think we are
criticizing journalism far from it we
are praying for journals right we're
trying to feel ugly and the idea is is
that we are fighting this thing where
they've got their fingers so clearly on
the scale that everything is being
tipped and what you're getting is a more
distorted reality there's some point at
which and we have to talk about what
happened with I don't know how to
pronounce the best yet regenexx and
medicine right the idea that doctors are
creating a created a huge amount of the
harm Don found in hospitals
well many lawyers are the fourth leading
cause of death
right so now we have to talk not about
yet regenexx which is the you know that
which originates from the healers but
journey genex which is what is the harm
done to the truth by journalists and
that is so I have a technological slant
on that to some degree because one of
the things that I think is happening
because I've watched large organizations
degenerate because I've worked as a
consultant for a lot of years now it's
really interesting to see how fast a
large organization that you think is
semi-permanent can disintegrate it can
happen while certainly within the span
of a couple of years and sometimes a lot
faster he's not yes well and I think one
of the things that seems to be happening
to me is that as television dies under
the weight of YouTube primarily but
let's say online video and perhaps also
podcasts is that the the remaining
journalists the hermit crabs who occupy
the old shells which is a good way of
thinking about it get increasingly
desperate for attention and so they're
pushed by economic pressure in some
sense and situational pressure to
exaggerate the danger it's like and it's
a clickbait phenomena essentially and it
seems to me to be akin to what's
happened with with reports on the crime
rate so you know over the last 25 years
the five major indices of violent crime
have declined by 50 percent which is
absolutely sin in the United States
staggering decrease but the rate of
reporting of violent crime has gone up
substantially and so people think that
things are more dangerous now than they
were even though they're safer now than
they have been since the early 60s and
they were safer then than they'd ever
been in history so I think one of the
things and it's interesting to think
about the technological forces driving
this because YouTube and podcasts do
pose a fatal threat I would say
certainly to to to television and so it
makes sense to me that as the
journalists become less professional and
less in demand and their messages as as
is chasing a diminishing audience that
they're going to get noisier and noisier
about what's going on and the trick for
everyone else who's being immersed in
that is to stay sane and sensible while
the death throes play themselves out so
wouldn't you
actually think though that more of them
would start seeing this I mean what we
now see so clearly and that more of them
would be jumping ship or is that old
shell so tainted or corroded that
getting out of that thing well it's
almost impossible to do with systems of
selective pressure so Jordan raises an
excellent point that the dying throes of
an institution tend to be its most
violent because it's in go-for-broke
mode and it's not worrying about
tomorrow it's worrying about maybe serve
up you know buying another month or two
or right what right right there's
another issue of course which is that
the format's are set so that your news
comes to you in a form that is more or
less the same every day and so you know
how to consume it and so everybody
listens to NPR has a pre grooved
template in their brain I'm gonna get
the top stories at the top of the hour
then they're gonna be this many pieces
and they'll be like a feel-good story
and so you know exactly what you're
going to get and like here I don't know
what we're gonna maybe Jordan and I are
gonna come to blows I'm gonna we're
hoping you've got to change the drink
but but the other thing that is is that
in the system of selective pressures as
the business model fails you have a
fascinating phenomenon which people who
are willing to accept strange blends of
payment
so lower financial payment and security
job security but higher psychic payment
stemming from the idea that they are
crusading mm-hmm are going to start to
dominate so you're seeing many more
people who are willing to substitute
activism and the sense that they are
protagonists in a great story about the
resistance let's say yeah so that that
actually becomes more and more necessary
as the stability and and the viability
of the system degenerates right if you
could offer you know two hundred
thousand dollar salaries to good
reporters in short order so that they
could start families and buy homes and
have an easier life like one of the
things that you need to do is you need
to pay people more if you're unhappy
with them and this I think about
professors actually well sociology
professors have their salaries tripled
they'd be a lot less radically I learned
this from
New Orleans Police Department where at
some point they had corruption where
people were ordering mob style hits over
police radio and I think what happened
was that the new police chief came in he
said the first thing he did was raise
salaries mm-hmm and the idea being that
you have to have skin in the game thanks
to the see until evidence that phrases
proliferated thanks to the scene
wherever you are and you need to give
people something to defend and so it's
very important to pay the people that we
are decrying all the time yes your money
and say everybody who's listening should
go online and donate to quill its
patreon page yeah great words and
Colette is doing great well I'm saying
that we should we should try to figure
out how to get Vox more money as well
mm-hmm and we should try to figure out
how to get slate and salon and all of
these things so that you can afford to
pay people in ways in which they don't
have to take a large portion of their
payment as psychic gratification from
having felled imaginary dragon but just
to be clear there when you're saying
that you're not saying that the current
people who have screwed this whole thing
up deserve more money well you're gonna
find I can find I have a very strange
position on this which is in you know my
friend Peter Thiel and I talk about this
all the time his model is is that you
know at some level when the economy
isn't working people engage in this kind
of nonsensical you know fratricide of a
type and my point is slightly different
which is this this bad nature is always
there but it's like it a compromised
immune system when you when the economy
starts to fail you start to become aware
of all of the pathogens in the world
because it can't fight them off and so
it's it's very much the issue that if
you're the guy with compromised immune
system you're the only one aware of all
the pathogens in the world and so at the
moment our collective economic immunity
system is failing and I actually a much
more pessimistic than you are Jordan I
see lots of reasons to be happy about
the decrease in violence but you know
one of the problems with the accounting
in these theories is is that the sword
of Damocles that hangs over
heads you know his gana is has gotten
quite large and the number of threads
holding it up seemed very few in number
and so you have to do the potential
energy accounting as well as the
realized violence and also understanding
that the nature of income inequality and
differential access to financial markets
and technology is creating a lot of very
justifiable concern that the post-world
War two stability is constantly in
jeopardy and if we don't I I personally
think we should think about once every
five years above-ground nuclear test to
remind ourselves of what it is that
we've pushed underground and we haven't
seen for years because we are engaged in
some kind of magical thinking that the
world is fairly stable and that can turn
on a dime so what kind of out do you
think we could for this crew of
journalists that we're talking about
that we want to be doing more journalism
we don't want them to be attacked or any
of those things of course what is the
out so that I get it you can give me you
could fund them in a way that gives them
a little more breathing room but one of
the things that I'm seeing when we're on
tour is be everyone that comes up to me
after says well you just gave us a
little room - yeah I'm think yeah so is
there a way we instead of beating these
journalists instead of getting the wind
where you crush them so that they're
losers what's the way that we can give
them maybe a little well I mean it's
it's sort of standard behavioral
practice in some senses this is
something that was established by
Skinner a long while back even though he
used threatened punishment as ways of
altering the behavior of his
experimental animals he also used reward
but rewards a lot harder to use because
what you have to do is you have to watch
very carefully and then when you see an
increment in the behavior that you want
to want to promote you have to reward it
but it requires a tremendous amount of
attention and subtle attention and and
so one of the things that we can
certainly do and that I've been trying
to do to some degree with my twitter
account is to is to distribute good news
good credible news and good journalism
when I see it which is Martley why I
started to get engaged say with Colette
because I think they're doing a credible
job but
one possibility is to distribute those
pieces that seem to be increasingly
reasonable and another is to also leap
to the defense of people when they're
taken out as individuals and because one
of the things that's happening now is
that when an individual stands up and
says something especially that annoys
the radical left is that they tend to
get mobbed and taken out and that's a
bad thing it would be good if we could
figure out ways of defending people
against that yeah I mean brett has been
defended to some degree by the emergence
of this group of people that that eric
has been describing as the intellectual
dark web yeah and so there's some
strength in numbers there that might be
usefully applied can you just quickly
talk about that just on the personal
level cuz I think one of the most moving
things that I've heard on this show is
when I had you on and I think you I
think it was with Brett and you said
that standing with him was really one of
the most validating things that you've
ever done in your life and it's such an
example of what you've been talking
about on the tour that if you want to
