[Music]
in case all of you in the good old US of
A have missed the turkeys running around
for dear life this week tomorrow is
Thanksgiving without even a close second
Thanksgiving is by far my favorite
holiday of the year
I find that focusing on the three EPs
family friends and food usually brings
out the best in just about everybody
between the tryptophan from the turkey
your booze of choice and football in the
background all of us at least in my
experience are just a little bit better
on this day which we've set aside to
give thanks for all the goodness in our
lives
Thanksgiving is the ultimate reminder of
what it means to be American while most
of us have the usual staples of turkey
mashed potatoes stuffing and cranberry
sauce around the table we also bring in
traditions from our own cultures
ethnicities and nationalities this
blending of flavors languages and
customs from all over the world is what
makes Thanksgiving a uniquely American
holiday no offense to Canadian
Thanksgiving the melting pot that we've
created here has given more freedom to
more people from more walks of life than
any other country in the history of the
world today people still yearn to come
to America to take part in our freedom
and pretty much nobody wants to leave
America no matter how often celebrities
say that they will this doesn't mean
we're perfect or anywhere close to it
but it does mean that our tradition of
freedom based on and rooted in the
pursuit of life liberty and happiness is
a pretty good starting point for how to
build a truly liberal and tolerant
society while politics will undoubtably
be discussed around the Thanksgiving
table this year I'm gonna do my best to
try to viewer the conversation always to
what brings us together rather than what
rips us apart maybe your uncle is
pro-life and you're pro-choice maybe
your sister voted for Hillary but you
voted for Trump maybe you want low taxes
and your dad wants to redistribute
wealth whatever those differences are
they are actually the very reason that
this country is so great we all get to
have our own opinion and fight for what
we believe
Eve but beyond just the ability to be
tolerant of people who are different
from us it's more important that we can
still learn from live with and even love
people who think differently than we do
I hope you have a wonderful day tomorrow
filled with those 3 FS I mentioned
earlier friends family and food and
maybe one more F if you get lucky either
way let's give thanks tomorrow for all
the goodness we have but often forget to
even acknowledge Happy Thanksgiving to
you
and all your loved ones joining me today
is the creator of the Dilbert comic
strip author of the new book win big Lea
and a guy who seems to make some pretty
spot-on predictions scott adams welcome
back to the Reuben report thanks for
having me
before we begin I got to tell you I was
looking at these blurbs on the back of
this book how did you get these people
William Shakespeare
Mark Twain Alexander the Great Abe
Lincoln and even the Scott Adams guy I
mean how in the world did you pull this
off I stick with dead people because
they can't complain later
it's like not one of them has complained
that I've misquoted him you know Mark
Twain he said nothing about this quote
so what I saw this I thought immediately
there must be an estate for some of
these people that monitor these types of
things do you even have to think about
that does the editor or the publisher go
Scott you can't Wayne come on well
luckily my job is parody yeah and so so
I know those laws pretty well okay as
long as it's obvious parody you can do
anything you want yeah so we checked
right before you walked in we had you on
the show September 1st of 2016 about two
months before the election and when I
had you on you were one of the only
people that I thought basically was
making sense of what was going on with
Trump at the time you you didn't say you
were a trump supporter I think you
actually said you were not a trump
supporter you had sort of said the thing
about your you know in a hostage
situation with Hillary but you know
basically you were saying here's what
Trump is doing I I don't necessarily
support it I think you by the election
time you officially did support him
right
yeah the because of one issue basically
when when Clinton came out with the
a state tax plan and I realized that I
personally would pay roughly 75 cents on
every dollar I would earn for the rest
of my life which would basically make me
retire
yeah I wouldn't possibly work for that
so that that changed my mind yeah I
wasn't gonna jump into the estate tax
but I do find it one of the interesting
things I don't stand to make a windfall
from the estate tax but I find it one of
those things where it's like this money
has been taxed for someone's entire life
your money that you earn through all
your hard work has been taxed your whole
life hopefully you've made good
investments and whatever else you've
done I met at the end the government
just says okay we're gonna just
basically take more than half of it at
that point after we've already taken it
the whole time the whole tax thing
there's no way to make it fair because
there's always somebody who's gonna
complain but some things just feel less
fair and that feels more like
confiscation than tax yeah but I guess
it's easy to be one of those people that
just are like well I'm not involved in
this I don't stand to win anything of it
so why wouldn't I want to take the money
from other people right yeah yeah that's
the big problem with a democratic system
people can vote vote other people's
money into their pocket if there are
enough of a motive yeah all right so
it's a little over a year ago
that we had you on you're making some
sense of the techniques that are that
you're writing about in this book about
persuasion and what Trump is doing and
all that around that time just like two
months before the election did you
really think it was real I did really
believe that he was going to win those
weeks that we're talking about and most
of the time up to them the only time my
confidence was really shaken was at the
same time everybody else was you know
after the Access Hollywood was a
gay thing got dropped I don't think
anybody thought that day that he could
get out of that I haven't heard of one
person who said yeah that didn't bother
me at all but it was just amazing there
was so much news that that whole cycle
and so much more came after that that
even something that large didn't have
the impact it would have had because it
got lost and you know the the the
enormity of it all yeah what does that
tell you generally about truth right now
now the subtitle of your book is
persuasion in a world where facts
don't matter facts and truth have a
little something to do with each other
what does that actually tell you that
something like that could happen
regardless of whether you think it was
just something he said or locker room
talk or all that nonsense but that
things don't stick in a way yeah they
used to let me give some context for
people or new to me yeah in addition to
cartooning and writing and stuff I'm a
trained hypnotist yeah and I've been
studying persuasion in all its forms for
four decades so I was looking through
that filter and one of the things that
hypnotist learned is that people are
irrational pretty much all the time and
they just rationalize their decisions
and believe that it made sense all along
and that's the normal way of things
until you get in that mindset the whole
world looks confusing you can't
understand why you gave your good
reasons and your facts and your logic
and and the person you're talking to
didn't change their mind
so my view on the election was that our
certainly by the time that the excess
Hollywood tape dropped probably almost
every mind was made up they didn't know
why but they had made up their minds for
emotional irrational whatever reasons so
it's tough to dislodge somebody you know
he would have had to murder somebody in
public to change minds at that point
that late stage because people are
really hardened in their opinions by
then yeah what does that tell you I mean
as we're taping this this will be up
next week so a little right before
Thanksgiving we're taping this me
today's the 8th yesterday they done
right okay that sounds you're good
you're a pro what does that tell you as
I'm watching all these people on Twitter
in the last day or so with this Thank
You Hillary hashtag and all this stuff
and this continued worship of her even
though by every estimation she probably
was the worst candidate in the history
of American politics pot that might be a
bit of an overblown statement but what
is it what does that day that they're
still on this they're still on this
thing that but Rumble but consider that
statement we consider it now a given
that she was one of the worst candidates
we've ever seen prior to the election
and really maybe up right up until
election day the general thought on both
sides was this is one of the strongest
candidates we've ever seen for
everything from funding to experience to
it was
time for a for a woman people were you
know emotionally in every other way the
world was ready for that so it's only
after the fact that we've now
reinterpreted what we saw as well she
was the worst candidate ever and I don't
know if either one of those is true I
think we had two candidates who had some
real big pluses she had lots of pluses
and some real big flaws in both cases
yeah do you think that basically Trump
from before the elections oh so during
the process until now after a year of
governing basicly or ten months or so of
governing has basically used this book I
know he didn't have it but you know what
I mean like has he is this really what
he has done from beat one that you saw
before a lot of people did so you have
to understand his entire life arc starts
with going to a church where his pastor
was norman vincent peale the famous
author who wrote the power of positive
thinking and so that's that's the first
place you probably learned persuasion at
least one corner of persuasion because
in his time norman vincent peale was
actually accused the big a hypnotist he
was that influential so that optimism
you see him using it all the time to
make us think into the future when he
talks about the GDP he doesn't say well
we got 3% that's pretty good that's what
a normal president would say he says
we've got 3% but without the hurricanes
I think it would have been four we'll
probably got 4% I think we'll do better
than that he's actually talking us into
the future and if you if you consider
how an economy works unless you have
shortages of stuff and we're really you
know in a great time because we don't
have shortages of anything it's
psychology that drives it so if people
think we're heading to 4% they're gonna
invest a little bit more this year to
get ready for that and that's what makes
it 4% he's actually taking what he
learned as a child and you know that
that persuasive thinking into the future
and driving the economy that way and
then if you look at his full full range
of he you know sort of cell marketing
branding nobody doubts any of those
skills at this point and then
negotiating he wrote literally you know
authored with a co-author a book on
negotiating so
Sene persuasion from every every angle
including design you know he is the one
who I believe came up with or at least
approved the the hats and make America
great again and and I think people will
look back at this for four years and say
that was the best branding we've ever
seen yeah it's interesting to me because
you said the the positive way he speaks
and then you gave some examples but if
you listen to the just the general
narrative out there this is the most
divisive president all the time he says
all these horrible things what do you
make of that portion of him the the
Twitter portion that's fighting with
people still all the time doing things
that in my opinion are below the office
of the presidency and I say that as
someone that that I really did the
reason I wasn't surprised when Trump won
was because I actually sat down with you
right before and I listened and I
started seeing this stuff so I wasn't
thoroughly I was on Brogan Joe Rogan the
day before the election or maybe it was
election day actually and I was like
yeah I think it's possible and did I
actually change your mind on that well I
don't know that you I don't know that
you fully changed my mind but you made
me aware of what was happening I think
basically before I sat down with you I
was sort of where I think a lot of
people still are which is they're just
grabbing for anything you know what I
mean like they're just they have nothing
that they're really basing any decisions
on they see the tweets they scream about
the tweets or they don't even have a
chance to scream about the tweets
because the media gets outraged before
they can even process it and and you
sort of framed it in a way that's
basically said to me there's something
sensible about this yeah what I think
most people have kind of missed that one
of the things that is deeply important
for a persuasion is first you have to
get people's attention that's like you
know phase one at this point can can
anybody argue that he's the best we've
ever seen at getting attention all right
let's think that one even his biggest
haters might say yeah like the way he
has dominated the media and every
conversation yes
so step walk and get attention and the
way he does that because he he operates
in what I call a narrow band of
wrongness meaning that if this is
appropriate behavior he just takes it up
to this band you know with the nicknames
and the the provocative things he says
but he never goes up here where you'd
get impeached
be put in the insane asylum and start a
nuclear war if you look how long he's
been doing this and how how consistently
he stays in that narrow band of
wrongness which is persuasion perfection
because you can't look away and then
you're thinking about why he wants you
to think about now consider also that
he's also been meeting with a lot of
world leaders at this point he doesn't
do that in that context so it's clear
that he can modify his behavior to get
the effect he needs we didn't know that
for sure I'll say other people didn't
know that for sure you know when he was
running it looked a little crazy and
maybe out of control but now we've seen
the fine control he puts on it you know
on Twitter that narrowbanded wrongness
every time in real life he can modulate
everything being equal as a smart guy
and a bright guy and an author and
someone that cares about words and all
of those things putting Trump aside for
a moment would you prefer that we just
had a president that was a little more
within the common standards of decency
or seemed to really appreciate you know
I keep telling the story that I was in
DC a couple weeks ago and I went to all
the monuments I was reading all the
great things that Jefferson wrote and
George Washington all like it's very
different then when they look back and
they put Trump's tweets next to all of
it well I have I have mixed feelings for
one a lot one of the things that the
people on the left let's say the the
anti-trump errs whoever they are don't
get is how entertaining he is to his
base the people who actually like what
he's got to offer find it amazingly
entertaining and funny so the things
that people are saying oh I can't
believe he said that he's he's an
affront to all civilization that's why
it's funny it's funny because we know he
does it intentionally and we know the
effect it'll have on us or a group of
people and that's sort of the joke that
it has that effect now to answer your
question we were never offered somebody
who had his his talents and his specific
policies that appealed to a lot of
people who voted for him without the
flaws you know nobody offered the you
know the Trump without the tweets that
make people angry and I would argue that
probably 80% of the things that feel
like they're over the live actually are
functional and the 20% then there's you
know how do you mean functional gets
attention it puts a nickname on somebody
that actually takes them completely out
of the primaries we saw that with Low
Energy jab and I think the crooked
Hillary thing was was quite effective
but there are other things that are
maybe just too far you know a little
they don't have they're not so far I get
some peach but they're you know not
useful but they also don't seem to hurt
him in the long run we've seen something
we may never see again which is a
complete disconnect between approval
ratings which are terrible mm-hmm and
people's image of what the economy is
doing for example business confidence is
great yeah yeah I don't think we'll ever
see those disconnect again and it's
because of his style does that also show
you that people just don't care about
polls anymore I mean I saw a poll on
Sunday on CNN and it said you know half
of Americans don't trust Trump and I
thought well half Americans don't trust
CNN I mean that all of the nut you know
you mean it's like you guys threw all
these numbers at us before you through
all this nonsense at us before and now
you're still throwing nonsense and I
don't try I really almost trust none of
it and I it makes it harder to siphon
some truth out and now the onus is on I
was just saying a poll that was saying
that something about what people think
the leaders think of the president and
I'm thinking how do we know what leaders
in other countries think of the
president what what good is that poll
right oh yeah we're a little why is that
even relevant in an odd way you know so
if they fear us certain countries we
want them to fear us so they probably
won't like the president whether it was
Trump or Obama or anyone else well I've
been saying from the beginning one of
the big things has scared people about a
president Trump was that how our other
leader is going to deal with this guy
you know is are they going to be
frightened will they make them you know
the nucleus just in case no problem so
far it turns out that if you're the
President of the United States and you
have good table manners when you when
you talk to other leaders there's
there's nothing that they would rather
do than deal with you because it's in
their best interest and it works so I
listen to you
on Sam Harris's podcast and Sam
obviously been here a bunch of times I
find him to be one of the brightest and
most thoughtful people that I know you
guys obviously differ greatly on the on
the Trump thing probably more than
anything else but when you hear him make
a couple of those arguments
