[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay we are live on the YouTube
everybody has it gone people man there
are so many things that I have to tell
you we're gonna do a lot here I've got
about an hour things have just ramped up
to sort of crazy levels 99% of it all
good there's just a lot of cool
announcements that I'm gonna make today
I want to tease a couple things that we
have upcoming my travel schedule has
completely bananas the next two months
are probably gonna be the craziest two
months of my lives my lives my life so I
have many lives of my life I just did a
really awesome interview through learn
Liberty that we're posting next week
that was just great I'm still vibrating
a little bit because it was just like
one of those ones where you just you're
kind of just right there with the guests
the entire time and we talked about all
the all the stuff that that I'm
constantly talking about on here
alright cool so we've got about an hour
here's what we're do we're gonna do some
Q&A so if you are on patreon you guys
get first dibs but we will take
questions if you want to throw some
questions in the facebook comment
section but if you're first dibs on
patreon which we already have some
loaded up I have a fancy iPad right here
and then we will also take questions via
YouTube super chat so I think you guys
know how to use that already throw in a
couple bucks it boosts your comment up
because obviously the comments section
and a live YouTube chat can be quite
bizarre yeah so you can go ahead and do
that and then I want to give you a
couple updates on things first off more
than anything else what I want to tell
you about is I am finally making my I
would consider this really my official
return to stand-up comedy this Sunday
April 8th at the Irvine improv which is
outside of LA right here about an hour
away from LA I am I am headlining and
it's just me people just me I'm gonna do
probably about an hour maybe there'll be
a special guest maybe not we'll see
about that we'll do some some crowd
interaction play with you guys some Q&A
all that good stuff
but basically so I think some of you
guys know this so I did stand-up in a in
New York City for about 12 years and I
had I lived that life that I lived the
good parts of it the bad parts of it the
struggling Road comic the guys standing
out on Times Square corners for
literally six nights a week for
sometimes two hours a night handing out
tickets no matter what the weather was
middle of storms we were out there doing
it sometimes perform for four people I
had sort of ups and downs of success at
one time I think I was the youngest
comic ever passed at the Comedy Cellar
at least that's what I was told the
Comedy Cellar sort of the it Club in New
York City
and did it for about 12 years then I
kind of shifted away from it the last
like six years or so I've been in LA
about five years started going more down
the political route I was always kind of
doing political stuff we stand up anyway
but obviously what I'm doing now is not
sort of strict stand-up so I'm getting
back in I did a gig about a month and a
half to go at the Comedy Store here in
LA and it's funny like I don't need it
that much so it was really freeing and
good so I've just wrote up a ton of new
stuff gonna try to blend in some old
stuff and just kind of see what happens
and I'm psyched to do it so it is at the
Irvine improv on April 8th I'll probably
do about an hour or so and you will
truly see like someone working through
everything and I think it'll be really
cool if you dig what I do so we've got
the link right down below for tickets I
think there's some tickets still
available it's about a 400 C Club from
what I understand I haven't been there
yet actually but I had Bob Saget here a
couple weeks ago who told me it's one of
his one of his favorite clubs in the
country so I'm super psyched for that
and that's one thing that I wanted to
tell you okay couple other things so
here's a big one because you guys have
been asking me about this literally for
years and I know I say literally a lot
but I literally mean this for years you
guys have been asking me when is this
thomas sowell interview happening about
a year ago we were told it was gonna
happen and then we were having trouble
coordinating I believe that he is 87 I
mean either 86 or 87 years old so he's
not traveling a ton so we are going up
to Stanford next Tuesday a week from
yesterday people we are going up to
Stanford we are renting a studio at
Stanford University we're flying up the
whole team up there and we are doing an
hour hopefully an hour plus an interview
with Thomas all I know he's been making
the rounds a little bit he did I think a
phone interview with Ben Shapiro and one
or two
other people but we are doing a live
full-on unedited video interview I am
beyond beyond beyond beyond thrilled to
do this I think he's probably the most
requested guest that we've had on since
we've been doing this show I think the
basic foundational principles that he's
talking about about classical liberalism
and libertarianism in role of government
and role of the individual and all that
stuff that you guys know I love I think
he is basically the the Jedi master of
all of it and he's been talking about
this stuff for 40 some-odd if not longer
years so I'm thrilled to be doing that
and just quickly you know shows like
that so we're going up to Stanford so we
have to fly our whole team up there so
fly a bunch of people we're renting a
studio for a couple thousand bucks
there's obviously other expenses related
to travel and all that we can do that if
truly the only reason we can do that is
because of the support that you guys
give us on patreon so that is a big
shout-out thank you to those of you that
support us on patreon or whether it's on
paypal or however else you do it which
you can go to patreon.com/scishow burn
report if you want to support that but
we'll never make the money back through
YouTube Rev on what it'll cost the
thousands of bucks it'll cost to rent
the studio and all that so I just want
to thank you guys for that I'm super
psyched to do it I couldn't be happier
to spend a couple thousand bucks on
something like that that we're gonna do
all right let me jump into a couple a
couple questions here and then I'm gonna
give you some other some other cool
things that are happening all right
super chat no question just want you to
keep up the good work I shall my friend
patreon how can we get this crazy world
back to a place of talking real issues
and not defending ourselves against
hateful comments because we're talking
about facts and not emotion I mean this
is really kind of the issue of our time
right and this is where social media you
know it's like it's just a tool you can
either use it for good or you can use it
for evil look how did you guys find what
I do here well I'm able to reach you
because of YouTube I'm able to reach you
because of Twitter and Facebook and all
those things but at the same time the
the endless amount of fighting and hate
it just seems to be ramping up and
ramping up and ramping up and I have a
very dedicated group of anonymous trolls
that really do not like me they pop up
usually on YouTube and Twitter more than
Facebook because Facebook is a place
where generally
have to have a real picture and be a
real person but yes there are there
there seems to be this sort of subset of
humans right now who are not trolls in
the sort of good way of trolling there's
a way to control and make memes and mock
people and be funny and silly and
subversive that's actually kind of cool
and if you get it they can insult you
and it's like a compliment and I get
some of those sometimes I share those
those memes or videos when people are
kind of mocking me or whatever it's all
good there's this sort of other set
though of people most of them are
anonymous but not all of them who just
want to watch the world burn
to quote Alfred from The Dark Knight
when he was talking about the Joker to
Batman they just want to destroy
everything they just want to fight with
everybody they want to upset everybody
they want to trigger everybody and I
think that unfortunately because for
whatever reasons our brains seem to go
to be more affected by negativity than
positivity although I think we should
all be working on it I certainly am we
seem to be focusing on those people and
they're really ruining the conversation
and by the way I'm not really I'm not
even mocking or belittling people for
anonymity online I have actually no
problem with anonymity online and for
those of you that are actually trying to
engage with ideas that are you know
dangerous ideas or whatever you want
talk or even not even that dangerous but
just ideas that you're afraid if you say
something about healthcare you're gonna
get fired I mean that's the
ridiculousness of where we're at at the
point or if you say if you come out as a
conservative or something you're gonna
have trouble at work or whatever it is
so I'm not mocking anonymity in that
regard well I think what I would say is
that if you use anonymity as like this
bludgeon to relentlessly attack people
and to only add evil into the discourse
I think you're actually a big part of
the problem right now but I know you
don't care if you're watching this in
one of your those you're one of those
people you're probably doing it at this
right very second so I think we have to
figure out a way look my Twitter bio
says Twitter is not real life Twitter is
not real life social media is not real
life what's real is being with people
talking directly to people really
exchanging ideas and that
but we're living in a time where that
that social media stuff it's leaking
into reality and I did a TM about this
about a year ago I said you know that
real life is becoming social media that
it's it's becoming all the trolling and
the hate and the anger and it's breaking
up friends and marriages and all this
stuff and we've all had to deal with
this but I would say the best thing that
you can do is stand for what you believe
in that's it
like there there's no magic answer to
this other than any of you I suppose if
you're watching this and you dig what I
do what you probably like is that I'm
here and I'm expressing ideas with
people that I sit across from and I tell
you what I think and I share my thoughts
for better or for worse or whether
they're correct or wrong or debatable or
whatever you want to say but not enough
people are doing that these days and I
suppose when I started this show a
couple years ago if there had been many
more people doing that I probably
wouldn't have seen an avenue to go ahead
and do it like if there had been this
great national discourse about ideas and
we were really honestly dealing with
things and all the problems especially
that I was seeing at the time with the
left and all that if that had really
been happening well then I probably
wouldn't be doing this I don't know what
I would be doing but you know here we
are so say what you think I mean it will
and I say this all the time but if you
are afraid to say what you think right
now it will not magically get better
down the road so say what you think
you've got to fight for what you believe
in because don't leave it for other
people to fight for what you believe in
all right a couple other things that I
want to tell you before I get back into
the to the questions here which are
loading up pretty quick okay so April
8th Irvine improv link in the
description right down below we've got
Thomas Sol next Tuesday we're taping it
next Tuesday it'll be up a couple days
later in San Francisco and then as most
of you probably know at this point I am
going on tour with Jordan Peterson so
I'm opening with Jordan we've started we
did one in LA at the orpheum and we did
one last week at the Beacon Theatre
which is this gorgeous 3,000 seat
theater in New York City it was a
surprise that I was going to be there
and the PA guy came on he said you know
shut off your earphones no flash
photography and now the host of the
Reuben Porte and before he could even
say my name the crowd went bananas I
have never experienced any
like that before it was particularly
cool because my folks were in the
audience and I'm warming up the crowd
getting everybody going these people are
super excited the line was around square
block in New York City it was down
Broadway down 73rd down up as it were up
after dam and back up whatever that is
73rd and 74th over there
but a full square block over there it
was just the energy was amazing so I
will be opening up for Jordan I'm doing
11 of the first 12 events so if you're
going to any of those and you can check
I think on Ticketmaster or you can check
on his website what the dates on all of
those are I'm doing 11 of the first 12
including the UK I'm not doing Detroit
no offense Detroit I would love to do it
at the Fillmore theater I've been there
before it's a gorgeous theater but I've
got a conflict related to actually doing
this show so I can't do that and then
Jordan tacked on about an another 20
dates I'm gonna do as many of those as
possible we're trying to figure it out
with my schedule at the moment but I
hope to meet as many of you guys out
there as possible I've been meeting you
guys all over all these stops that I'm
doing everywhere and it's it's really
been it's really cool I mean it really
is cool like people are waking up I
think in in big numbers to the craziness
so it's very exciting so I will be with
Jordan Peters and it's just been awesome
I mean spending time with Jordan and
it's like man I will tell you I will say
this now and I'm sure it's the exact
same thing I will say at the end of the
tour this man is is there's no
here they got everything that this guy
says publicly is the same exact stuff
that we talked about privately I had
dinner with him right before the event
in New York City and we did two hours
there were agents there and and a bunch
of other people and his daughter and his
wife and few others I mean we did two
hours of cultural Marxism and
post-modernism and all that right at the
dinner table then I go to the event with
him in the car we get up to the green
rooms up there we're talking about it
the whole time he that needed five
minutes of alone time just to get his
thoughts sorted out and then just goes
so it's awesome so most of them are
gonna be me warming up the crowd at the
beginning then Jordan giving his lecture
and then me coming out and sort of
facilitating the Q&A with the audience
it sounds like some of them might
actually be sit-downs where we're both
there the whole time and all its kind of
Q&A I'm on the on the 12 rules for life
but we don't have a exact
plan on that yet but I'm just super
sighted excited there's great energy
around it and I think that this whole
crew of people that you know as it's
become to be known the intellectual dark
web whether it's the weinstein brothers
or Sam or Ben or Jordan or whoever else
it is a lot of us are trying to do more
public events and and live podcasts and
things like that I'm potentially working
on an Australia trip that sounds like
it's coming together so there's just a
lot of cool stuff on that front
so I hope to meet as many of you guys as
possible okay here we go
patreon can you please have somebody on
to discuss psychiatric drugs and their
connection with mass shootings also what
is your personal opinion on the matter
thanks ed I love your show Dave yeah so
I do want to do this so look hey we
obviously are gonna do more on guns this
is becoming the discussion of the day
and we have to touch on it more and I
want to touch on a more I want to learn
more about it truly about you know I
know a lot about the laws that we have
but I honestly I don't know a tremendous
amount about the differences from all
the guns and it's pretty clear that most
of the people online including some of
the pros on this don't know much of a
difference either when everyone's
talking about semi automatics and all
this different stuff so I absolutely
will do more on guns I agree with you
that we need to have the mental health
discussion on this we are not discussing
it enough if you go I think by the very
definition if you go to a school or a
church or a temple or a mosque or a mall
or wherever it is and you shoot and
murder and maim innocent people by
definition there is a psychological
condition there does having certain
weapons make it easier to kill and
injure a lot of people very quickly it
does but we have to have an honest
discussion in a holistic sense and
unfortunately we're just not doing that
at all I got into a little Twitter
kerfuffle yesterday with Michael Ian
Black who I've had on the show before
who's a progressive a lefty you know
when I had him on I I obviously didn't
agree with a lot of stuff he said but I
was happy to sit there and listen to his
ideas but he sent out you know what I
think was in effect basically a crazy
tweet yesterday blaming the NRA for what
happened at you
tube but before he even had any concept
of what had happened cuz it was right as
it was all unfolding and calling the NRA
a terrorist organization I mean this
this is what is destroying the discourse
in this country and we've got to all
kind of reel back and realize that the
whole point of living in a free society
is that you're supposed to disagree with
people and you're supposed to argue and
get to a place that you can just
maximize freedom for as many people as
possible if your starting position is
the NRA it's a terrorist organization or
ban all guns or on the other side that
everyone should have tanks we got a real
problem there right we got a big chasm
there we got to get this thing to be a
little bit more manageable so I
definitely want to have those
discussions and yes it seems that a
disproportionate amount of the shooters
do seem to be on these drugs right it
just it just does seem to be that way
obviously there's not going to be a lot
of discussion about that on mainstream
media because so much
go watch mainstream media for a while
and Counting how many of the commercials
are for these very drugs so we have to
have some discussion about that too so
yes I promise you that I will get in on
that okay there's no Jesus there's a lot
here okay you're defending my liberal
principles is now a conservative
position quote is one of my favorite
starters in political discussions now
thanks I think it's probably the most
quotable thing that I've said in the
last couple years that sort of resonates
with people if you are a liberal and you
want liberalism really means
live-and-let-live as you guys know
without getting into a whole classical
liberal thing briefly if you believe in
the individual and that you should live
your life as you see fit that's the
foundational principle of liberalism if
you believe that we should judge as
groups and we should be caught in an
