all right people we are live on the
YouTube or we're at least live until the
stream crashes we shall see what happens
and I am sitting between the famous
Weinstein brothers
I've got Eric to my left I've got Bret
to my right in no order by the way did I
intro you or seat you the order in which
we were born
that's perfect sentence the order in
which you were born as you guys know I
believe that there is an idea revolution
happening in this country I think these
two a right at the center of it they
happen to be born from the same two
parents we're going to talk about that
and a lot more first off you guys
arrived together you took a car here
together you actually like each other as
brothers that's pretty good quite a bit
yeah quite a bit quite a bit we don't
see each other all that often but this
is the first time we've ever appeared
the same place like ever ever with all
the professional stuff that you guys
have done you in the math world you in
the biology well this is somehow the
first time you've done this this is the
first oh no I have no idea what happened
I guess I first should ask you the
family hair what's going on here we have
the other didn't you as the more temped
burger yes thank you haven't glad I'll
ask you what is going on in the in this
family with the hair holy-holy curly
well the hair is a is a is a bit of a
curse and the problem is that there are
a lot of people who who enjoy pointing
that out and I'm actually I'm not going
to bring this live until March but I'm
gonna institute a rule where it's fine
to make nasty comments about the hair as
long as they come with a helpful
suggestion mine is always on your
YouTube comments
yeah he's the managing director of teal
Capital why can you afford a decent
weave yeah well I love the fact that we
could talk for like two hours you
mentioned 87 theories or go way over my
head and 90% of the comments are about
your hair alright let's just do a little
history with stuff with you guys first
because obviously we're gonna talk about
so much more stuff here but obviously it
seems to me at least from the outside
your parents must have done
thing right that they got two brothers
who so care about ideas but are true
experts in their field of math and
biology and that care about doing what
what I see as what's right and and being
brave enough to constantly do that what
did they do that was right or where did
this this passion for education and all
of that come from older brother you
first oh boy well I mean I think that
the family history has a few ingredients
and not all of them are about the
nuclear family I think that we there
were four families that came out to
California we grew up not too far from
here and the they came out to make
mayonnaise it was the gelfand who
figured out how to make mayonnaise not
separate properly the Kern extermo
glands and the Reubens and the Reubens
were the weakest branch
families that buy no no we are Rubin
chicks yeah and so we were raised by
Harry and and Sophie Rubin as well as
our parents and Harry Rubin was a
chemist who couldn't finish college I
think there's a family history of
learning issues and there was a lot of
question about how to how to ground
one's idealism and rationality so that
you are fundamentally thinking with your
head feeling with your heart and that
the two of them remain connected and I
think that there was a lot of emphasis
on not taking shortcuts to a better
tomorrow and taking massive risks yeah
I'm glad you mentioned the head heart
thing because I think you're
particularly in that space these days
well you know it's tough because I think
that you know as we've been talking
about this group of people who's sort of
growing up outside of the standard
channels of communication you know and
made a joke about the intellectual dark
web and then it got repeated we sort of
ran with it but the only part of it that
was dark was that the media and the
institutions weren't you know we're sort
of making sure to avoid any reference to
this group of people as much as possible
and you know I think that you know this
intellectualism outside of the
mainstream was definitely a part of our
family growing up and I think that the
learning issues in some sense
disconnected us from standard
institutional structures and you know
one of the things I think we'll get to
hopefully today is that well people are
tuning in to this conversation that that
Bret and I have been having for a long
time there were a lot of previous rounds
where there just wasn't anyone to talk
to and there were a lot of different
issues that got brought up and I it
would be great to use this current
passion where you you may see it over
free speech perhaps I see a little bit
less so over that but it would be great
to talk about some of the previous
battles that we've fought that involve
things like drug testing or wealth
transfer by using the CPI as a closet
way of raising taxes and slashing
benefits so we've been at this a long
time and the great new thing I think is
is that there's so many new voices and
there's this channel to go around and to
disintermediate this very strong thing
that I call the gated institutional
narrative which we've never been able to
crack through so easily and now we have
channels where we can we can actually
get to the yeah well as I said to you
guys right before we started I mean I've
scribbled down a few things here but I
fully want you guys to take as much
control here as you see fit I mean he
teed you up on a couple things there but
just first just on the family stuff
growing up I mean we're in the house
like was just education and education
and education just constantly drilled
into you guys well I mean the funny
thing is the concept of education was
was quite prominent but as Eric points
out neither he nor I had a comfortable
experience in school they were different
uncomfortable experiences but both of
them were troubling for you for example
what does that mean oh I was actually I
think Eric figured out some mechanisms
for getting through school that were
more effective than what I did and in my
case I actually remember being in the
second grade and
my handwriting and spelling in
particular were so bad that I remember
somehow I remember school giving up on
me and declaring me off in some way and
I you know this is the adult me looking
back but I felt a choice
I can either submit to what it's
judgment of me is and I can try to
confront it or I can stop playing ball
and that's what I did
which caused my academic life to come
apart and really it didn't go back
together arguably ever although I did
find a home in graduate school but but
the process of walking away from the
formal education and then having our
grandmother died relatively early but
Harry our grandfather was a he was a
really interesting intellectual person
who had the unique characteristic of
taking children very seriously and it
doesn't mean he wasn't fun he wasn't in
it he was extremely fun but it meant
really if I think back on it you could
ask him any question any question if it
was a good question he would do his best
to answer it and he would let you know
at the point that you'd topped out what
he could address and that it was like
having a personal intellectual tutor and
you know that was that was one faster
that was particularly important maybe
especially for me but it sort of picked
up where school left off and because he
was an unusual mind in his own right I
think some of the stuff that Eric and I
picked up from him ended up being sort
of jumping off points to places that are
hard to get to through the standard a
standard model yeah I'm curious did
either one of you even now where you're
both obviously public people and and you
were sort of thrust into it just eight
months you know that what was it if it's
about yesterday right
did you ever anticipate that you'd be
someone that is talking about these
things publicly you know to me like you
had this is a very long piece of work
but now you end up sort of talking about
this stuff from a zillion different
angles well I I don't think either one
of us wanted to become a public figure
per se I think we wanted to do work and
we wanted the work to go into the world
and then it turned out that the the
opposition to the work like it's
important that this work never be heard
is a very different thing then it's
important that this work be heard and
that it be evaluated properly and if
it's found to be wanting discarded so I
think that we ended up spending a lot of
our energy just mystified as to hey I've
come up with this great new thing I've
got a new discovery I've got a new way
of seeing things why are people so angry
and hostile and that created a choice in
some in some sense where we had to give
up a certain amount of privacy and I you
know I still value our privacy like you
know I don't think either one of us
tweets pictures of our children or
something like that or even names them
and I think it's in some ways a little
bit uncomfortable oh yeah oh yeah
tremendously uncomfortable and the ideal
would be to have the ability to speak
into the public dialog in an important
way but not be recognizable so that you
could have your your anonymity and your
influence simultaneously but nonetheless
you're saying the Twitter avatar people
might be doing something a little wiser
than the three of us is that it these
they're maintaining their anonymity and
at least at some level getting in on the
conversation yes on the other hand I
think part of what is driving the sort
of surprised interest you know I feel
surprised interest in me and an eric is
the void of authenticity and so the very
fact of anything authentic it doesn't
matter if it lines up with the way you
think things are or not just a simple
fact that it's unpolluted by is
so powerful that it
it causes people who wouldn't otherwise
be interested in what you had to say to
listen so at some level I feel like
that's the trade is that we have given
up the anonymity part in exchange to
illustrate that this really is authentic
and that that that is driving a lot of
the interest yes I feel like our hands
are somewhat forced that it is
astounding all of the interesting and
important things that aren't simply not
being said mm-hmm in a world where you
know you go through these news cycles
and just repeats the same mind-numbing
perspective that doesn't really I mean
it can't be made some sense of upon
reflection I think you know just getting
back to your original question I think
our grandfather Harry Rubin in
particular refused to teach and in at
least in my case you know I remember he
gave me this guitar and he said all you
need to do is tune it you don't need to
play it and it was a very strange
instruction like why would you have a
guitar if you could only tune it and his
point really was
it'll be so frustrating to have a nice
guitar that is tuned that you don't know
how to play then he will figure out that
it's a mystery and that you do not need
a teacher and I remember going to UCLA
music library and xeroxing all of these
beautiful guitar pieces I could barely
read the notes on the page but it turned
out that you know this was a very
strange and interesting form of teaching
for two people who couldn't actually and
and I just I it really needs to be
emphasized you can think all you want
about privilege about maleness or
whiteness or this or that but if you
have a learning disability that is
conceived of by the educational system
it is almost impossible to lead a normal
life and so you either find some crazy
way of overcompensating and then you you
have an original perspective because the
system can't serve you or you sort of
accept that you are the problem
and I think neither of us accepted that
we were the problem and it's sort of a
radical overreaction to to the mismatch
in education so oh good well there's one
other thing I just want to add before we
move on from it which is
there's an important question about
birth order and where we end up birth
order is an interesting mystery because
if you imagine that where you fall on
the birth order causes you to lead a
very different life than you would have
if you had been born somewhere else in
it that almost sounds like a failure of
evolution to function because whatever
you should be doing optimally you should
do on the other hand you're born into a
world that is altered by the siblings
that were born ahead of you and so for
me
I think part of why I end up where I do
is that I was born into a world with
Eric in it and Eric was a very unusual
intellectual presence to be in your
natal home you know yeah I do say so you
know if you think about it
eric has a extreme talent for
fundamental thinking and when I say
fundamental I mean the most fundamental
levels of thinking that meant that the
niche in the home I was born into that
niche was full fundamental thinking
wasn't wearing was going to be at and so
it is I think totally fair to say that I
ended up as far away from the
fundamental as you could get right
biology is about complexity and
emergence and so in order to you know
maximize the chances of contributing
something that was not already taken
care of I went to the other end and I
got very fascinated with living systems
and it turns out that actually that pair
of toolkits is pretty useful together
Eric is much better at understanding my
toolkit he's quite good at evolutionary
thinking in a way that I will never be
good at mathematical thinking and so
anyway there is a a way in which I think
the the Williams sisters the tennis
players provide something of a model of
one of the aspects that was very unusual
in our house which was there was a kind
of and you've said it before on maybe on
your program about a kind of
intellectual arms race you know a
friendly sibling intellectual arms race
that resulted in us you know both upping
our
just to keep up with try but it was also
like a off-script in other words it was
like two twins speaking a language that
nobody else was speaking and you're
competing inside of this ring it's like
a system that nobody even knows that
this competition is going on and I think
you know bread is actually slightly
inaccurate in that what he did in
biology was to take this emergent system
and treat it as an as if fundamental
system and I think that's where so much
of his power comes from is is that he
treats evolute like most people think of
evolution as kind of bedrock and I think
Brett goes below that and says look
they're the critiques of evolution have
more to it than you imagined but the
solution isn't a religious solution it's
actually better more fundamental
theorizing about a layer that can
actually support that even though
there's no reason you should be able to
do fundamental thinking in such a high
level emergent layer so I feel like he
sort of copied the same behavior pattern
and I also think in terms of birth order
just to be entirely honest about it I
don't think Brett really became Brett
until I left the house like he was
almost mute he was very very shy I
wouldn't say anything and when I left
the house suddenly you know I'd been
pretty good in Speech and Debate
and Brett would just clean up from
public speaking in a level that I
couldn't and you know there's also this
aspect where you feel that as an older
sibling you are in part suppressing you
the younger sibling unintentionally so
that it's not mean-spirited it's just
something those things are already
occupied and so as soon as you leave the
house suddenly you have an as if Brett
became an as if older sibling or an only
child and I think that really catalyzed
the transformation all right so there's
a lot here so it seems to me that for me
personally my whole life has sort of led
up to this right I sort of mean this
actual moment because this is what I do
but I mean what is this thing that's
happening right now that we can all feel
the reason that you know all these new
people loved you that didn't know who
you were a year ago
or that you know two or three years ago
when you message me and you said can we
just jump on skype for a second I had no
idea who you were and I did a quick
google and I was like this guy's seems
bright let's talk and and everything
that is sort of flowered out of that but
it seems like there's something
happening right this moment that is way
bigger than certainly than three of us
sitting here
when did you start tracking it early
eighties the Reagan transition was very
violent very interesting and the
university system was the first place
that I was able to notice that the
institution's contained fundamental
structural laws that they'd been built
in a different time and they required
growth that could no longer be supplied
and so can you give me an example of
what that means sure so I think I
mentioned this before but I think
pre-war we educated about 8% of the
population at a post-secondary levels of
some kind of after high school training
and then we went to about 50% of the
population so that's a huge expansion in
a very brief period of time from 1945 to
about 1970 and the university system
couldn't keep growing you can't have a
professor leaving you know fifteen PhDs
who all become professors who leave
fifteen PhD so that structure works as
long as the system is growing and as
soon as it hits steady-state then you go
from saying one professor should leave
fifteen students to one professor should
leave one student over a career well
that doesn't work because you need the
students to do work under the professor
same thing for lawyers you know and then
partners and associate same thing for
doctors you know maybe an intern you
need growth to have these structures so
then almost all of these institutions
stopped growing in this particular way
and then they had to have a story to try
to attract people in to pay in and it
became akin to Ponzi schemes and that's
why during this period of time you know
I wrote this this essay called anthropic
capitalism in the new
economy and the whole idea of the essay
was that we had kept these institutions
alive
by trying to figure every gimmick known
to man so offshoring downsizing
securitization playing with you know GDP
and CPI dials all of these sorts of
games were used to try to squeeze a
little bit more as if growth out of the
system so that nobody would have to
confront the fact that the whole thing
had become in some sense pathological
and my belief is is that with the end of
the baby boomer bubble if you will which
is a very long-lived bubble it's not
like a short you know bitcoin style
bubble what you have is a situation in
which the narrative is unsustainable by
2008 this narrative about deregulation
and the Great Moderation couldn't be
sustained and Lehman Brothers went down
