[Music]
joining me today is a guy who's seen an
awful lot of people get hit in the nuts
a man who's lived in a house that
constantly seems to be getting fuller
and a stand-up comic whose new special
zero-to-sixty is now streaming on Amazon
Bob Saget welcome to the Reuben report
thank you I'm excited to be here you're
a very smart man I cannot keep up with
you mentally but we did have dinner and
I seem to keep up with the entrees is
that why you were applying me with so
much alcohol during dinner too kind of
dumb me down no I just said that we
could get on the level I wanted to see
what you were like unconscious yeah we
did good because rats the world Britain
right now that's an opposite day kind of
statement in other words years ago when
you would say I want to see what you're
like unconscious that would be a joke
but unfortunately we are in a world
right now where that's actually happened
so a lot of things that are irreverent
and could be considered funny or not
yeah and so there's this buffering that
goes on before but either way you did
not get overly inebriated and you were
more than pleasant and we had a lovely
night with both of our significant
others who we both adore and we laughed
and and we had good food yeah and we
will do it again we will do it again and
that's all I want to talk about but I
don't talk about my career what do we
have as entree well I believe I had the
fish you did I think you had something
not as healthy date I think it was maybe
no I didn't know you didn't say you had
some kind of chicken something maybe all
right let's focus here Saget come here
that's a good place to start what you
just did there just the state of
political correctness let's just do a
little bit on Madeleine I want to do
Saget 101 all right for this next hour
I'm teaching that course at a community
college yeah yeah how many kids are
taking it it doesn't matter whoever
replies that doesn't turn me in you let
him wallet everybody comes in yeah send
a trailer what do you think of that
you're doing this we're live to tape so
right we don't edit and this did not
exist four years ago this existed but it
didn't exist like this I mean you got
millions of people that watch this yeah
this is crazy
what do you think about that like you're
used to doing I mean obviously I want to
talk stand up and everything else but
you do scripted series
yes you do movies things like that but
you also do you do panel on talk shows
things that are sort of they're kind of
old school now like that's very
different than coming in here and right
before we started I said to you we're
just gonna go for it you were like
whatever you want I mean I don't have to
look I can just do that yeah you can
yeah what you get a little bit back
again and those are the smallest cards
I've ever seen your interviews of
microfiche it's just I just write little
silly things no that looks all smart I
love the fact that this exists because
years ago if you wanted to go on a show
and have a one-on-one with someone it
was you or a baby but it was Tom
Schneider maybe all of you do oh yeah
getting that that you might be tiny bit
older than a baby yeah the camera was
always very close to his incredibly
close at Dan Aykroyd on Sarah Night Live
and the very beginning we know an
impression of it yeah and was this tight
and he would be smoking and tom was just
talking to camera yeah do his discourse
which is very much like a podcast is
today like Bill burr friend of mine gets
up in the morning talks for an hour once
a week it's unbelievable to listen to a
lot of our great podcasters that's the
everything has changed and in that
regard this has changed for the better
because you get to have an articulate
conversation that you can't normally
have in commercial television because
commercial televisions meant to be
entertaining yeah only I don't know what
we're meant to be over here well
interesting interesting I guess yeah and
my fiancee Kelly turned me on to your
show and I said I really like him and I
like what he's talking about and you had
guests on and you were ever you're able
to be a diplomat which is very difficult
to do when you have people with
different points of view a conservative
and and a liberal which I don't
understand I don't understand any of it
yeah I just what we're gonna get I
understand it but I mean we were mammals
yeah we're supposed to live yeah we're
supposed to be nice to another mammal
and I'm supposed to hunt it and kill it
depends which kind of mammal you are at
if it's delicious
yeah then you have to go for it right
yeah it's just food well we're gonna
we're gonna dive into all that because I
didn't
is that for you it's interesting I think
because your stand-up is so different
than your your television persona
between America's Funniest Home Video is
in Flast well they're the old ones so
but yeah an entourage that'd be kinda
like a thing but then but then I did a
bunch of acting stuff too and I've done
Broadway work which was some of it was
similar to my stand-up but I've always
done something that's every 7 years
there's some new incarnation that people
go who the hell is he yeah well that's
why I think it's interesting because
especially with celebrities people like
to just get in or anyone that's public
that they like to just get a kind of
image of you and then just run with that
forever and you're instantly challenging
I infused to be pigeonholed because it
sounds like something you should not do
to a pigeon now see that's the kind of
joke you guys still do you can still do
that because it's not a human being yeah
it's a pigeon
yeah but only if you know they're gonna
be really upset about that would be the
Humane Society yeah and they are right
the ASPCA is all over the show there
haven't I don't see their name anywhere
anymore
I think they're out you think they're
done I don't know I think it's the ASPCA
NRA
I think it's they've combined so that
you take care of the bird and then you
fire at it it's that gonna fly well on
this show I think it well you know we've
got those chickens out there and one day
people always happened what are you
gonna do when they stop laying eggs are
you just in women's but they're so
beautiful I thought they were males cuz
they had the red millet malay malay was
too calm and we were very excited to say
cockle I said you have three beautiful
 well no those are actually those
are female hens that lay eggs and what
are you doing this for the eggs not just
to us Woody Allen yeah which was Groucho
Marx I need the eggs I need the eggs but
that's yeah Annie Hall that's the truth
all right go ahead hi this is a problem
with me as a talk show guest as a
comedian yeah
and as someone without a script I free
associate and I sometimes do not stay on
track but you are so smart and linear
you were going to keep me on track and I
will do my very best to accommodate you
will do my best to accommodate you okay
this is fair let's start at the
beginning you are born in
adelphia I was yeah and Einstein
Hospital
Einstein Hospital yes and then it is
still there is that in honor of Albert
Einstein it is huh it is and it's on
Broad Street
and and I was born there and my dad
worked for a supermarket company called
Food Fair pantry pride supermarkets and
he was a meat executive that all sounds
legit what about your family what what
background what business were they in I
was born in Brooklyn grew up in Long
Island lived in Manhattan my whole life
went to college upstate New York so I'm
a true New Yorker so we're both you had
life I wish I had yeah I was in Philly I
lived at home during college you had it
you had that's why you're smart and I go
out and tell a bunch of wiener jokes I
know but I'm going back into that now as
you know you are you're gonna stand up I
told you I'm going back in this and you
were very excited I'm excited you also
told me you're playing the Irvine improv
yeah and when is that oh that wasn't
even public till just now that's great I
don't hey to say back to April 8th April
it's my first headlining gig in ten
years and this is one of the nicest
clubs in Los Angeles and in anywhere
really I mean it's it's like six hundred
people seven hundred people it looks
like a spaceship it looks like a Disney
exhibit and it's it's an Irvine which is
why they call it the arm Bryan improv
and I couldn't put that together why do
they call the Irvine improv and there's
but I don't know but they're smart
people and and nice people they're you
will bring smart people because you you
have so many people that you will bring
your audience which is that's the
advantage of what we do yeah whatever we
do whatever media we're on that's who
comes to see us that's got to be the
most beautiful shift in comedy right do
you remember that moment when you went
from like being a guy that was just you
know trying to get on 8th out of ten
comics at the end of the night and
nobody knows you are do you remember the
beginning of when people were going I'm
going to see Bob Saget something weird
happened with me which was I started
doing stand-up when I was 17 and I want
to were that that was a seven 73 Wow so
his I'm 104 on the freeway look at that
head of hair though for 100 no very
umbra but I had to do the drops I take
the thing
propecia that's post on the propecia he
seems fine oh please don't compare me to
that that's the hair we'll get there
we'll get my sonic comb over yeah I know
what's gonna happen if we get right on
Trump I actually I I believe but I don't
wanna I'm not doing I'm not doing
anything
to bash anyone I will not do it even
though it's possible that his comb-over
is from an onion in the kitchen that
just snaggletooth along the ground and
then crawls up his back yeah did you see
that moment I saw that video on the
airplane yes that done CGI was that done
with effects because that didn't look
possible it looked pretty it look pretty
fake but let's let's write with Trump
aside I want to talk to them yes because
do you remember that moment when when
things change yeah what happened was I
came out to LA when I had won the
Student Academy Award for a documentary
I made about my nephew who had his face
reconstructed when he was seven and I
won this student Academy Award for
documentary and then I went on at The
Comedy Store the next night and midsi
the owner of the comedy store said you
should work here so I started getting
spots right away Wow and then I started
the fight for that people fight and I
didn't work the door Wow and I was I
guess likeable but strange very strange
jokes like my first joke was I have the
first show I have the brain of a German
Shepherd and the body of a 16 year old
boy and they're both in my car and I
want you to see them now it's just an
odd rambling but it symbolizes I think
it answers the question of how did he
become this because he was that you're
gonna be third person on myself yeah but
and then I started going on a college
tour she put me on a committee Shore for
the comedy stuff with me on a college
tour and I was a guitar act just a
parodies and I would sing while my
guitar gently weeps turn a valve and
water poured out of the guitar and you
could only see it in the first 10 rows
so it doesn't really do work for the big
stage cannot play the Irvine improv of
this bit yeah and then I was headlining
right away so in my early 20s
I'd go out on the road while I was
taking five years of acting classes with
a teacher named Daryl Hickman
in LA while I was doing improv classes
at The Groundlings while I was doing
spots at The Comedy Store I'd go out on
the road and then headline and then make
money but not enough to get a career and
then I was like eight nine years of
hosting the Comedy Store in Westwood and
and that was hard it was but I got to
befriend people that I worshiped which
were Richard Pryor Robin Williams and
David Letterman was one of my first MCS
and and so I was 22 years old and this
the place was it's packed like it was
then kind of now bad sentence but in the
early 80s it was well you could not get
in to any room and every single person
on the lineup was like and I was hosting
a lot of the shows so but then everybody
went off and got TV shows and I was
still at the comedy store hosting and
thinking this is it I'm never gonna make
it and then I got in a Richard Pryor
movie and then I got on a CBS show and a
morning show
could it go condition oh I've seen that
I'm the young dr. Joffe who does all the
jobs that are disgusting that he doesn't
want to do because he's not a real
doctor
sounds like the emcee at a comedy club
exactly the same thing you don't want to
touch people and I remember holding
Garrett Morris from Saturday Night Live
by the testicles and Richard kept
telling me kept telling me to squeeze
harder and that was a reshoot they added
me to that scene I can see that when you
talk about it sort of and I've had this
with a couple other comics that that
were around at that time there's like a
real nostalgia for it do you remember
thinking it was as special what was yeah
but you remember it at the time thinking
like I'm really in a hundred percent
because usually people don't like the
good old days you only remember them
it's cool they were good old days yeah
because you know you're in a place that
is you know in the comedy stars a lot of
history and it's eros is the main room
and there's supposed to be ghosts in
there and Sam Kennison says he saw a
quarter floating in the air of a dead
mobster or something and I believe all
of it I spent a lot of time in there and
it was struggling you know you'd have
people come and see you Rodney
Dangerfield was kind to me
put me on a young comedians special but
it was all you know what I was the
warm-up comic for bosom buddies Tom
Hanks epistolary and it was all
struggling you know but but you need it
but you stand I used to wait in line in
New York at the at The Improv and catch
a rising star for ten hours
uh-huh sign the lineup sheet and wait
for ten twelve hours and I think there's
something if you come out of the the
dugout if you really or the trenches
sorry dugouts fine
yeah means you're gonna you're gonna
you're gonna bat maybe but but if you
come out of the trenches and you you go
through it it's almost oh guy had a
heart attack I've had that happen before
you know you know oh this guy's getting
thrown old disco there's a guy's got a
gun oh yeah yeah that happened to me in
Cleveland I remember that yeah you know
just it gets to the point where you're
almost a pilot on a plane you know it's
like I'm ready for anything
but would you want to do is make people
laugh and that was the hardest
transition for me was to take off the
guitar and to learn to be a comedian
yeah and so was that moment like for you
really hard
I had a guitar on for like four years I
took it off and I bombed for a long time
I would do it I used the club for what
it was supposed to be used for but it
didn't service me it didn't help me get
a sitcom if people saw me they went he's
amicable but he's not funny and I was
trying to do jokes and a lot of them
were there was a talent coordinator for
The Tonight Show I could never get on as
a comic I got on to do panel with Johnny
Carson mm-hmm thanks to Garry Shandling
for putting me on the first time and
then Jay Leno I was on once with him but
then I was done with Carson 13 14 times
and then in and always panel but I never
went on as a comedian because this
talent coordinator who passed on named
Jim McCauley who helped a lot of
people's careers except mine but he did
help me in a way he said you're very
funny but your act is like a stone
skipping on the water it never really
digs in ah thank you wow that's
something to really
take me kung-fu yeah Wow thank you
master take the pebble from my hand yeah
so it hurt me because I couldn't get her
on the damn show but I wasn't
I really wasn't meant to I mean I hate
to say those kind of words you know it's
not meant to be or whatever but it was
hell of a lot better to sit there and
talk a couple segments with Johnny
Carson and him like me and be able to
talk to a guy that you looked up to so
much because he was kind of the master
like that like I'm emanating true
jealousy whenever I hear any of you guys
talk about Carson it's like and and I am
not even making this up because I'm not
delusional he liked me and I still can't
figure that out but I would go I would
say something like and I David Letterman
had a lot of his amazing qualities and
it would respond the same way to this
because one of my patters that I would
say is this is true and Johnny would go
I don't care yeah I don't I don't care
if it's true just tell it David would be
the same thing yeah I would go on
Letterman and I would go this is true
because I don't care if it's true or not
it'd just make it funny just say it I'm
blanking on the title of Bill Maher's
first book the novel that he wrote about
stand-up but the first line in it he
says something about this is true which
is exactly what a comic says when they
were about to tell you something false
correct and that's how that's how the
novel the hell's the name of the book
I'll get it in a second you should know
you I sure this guy I should I know him
I saw a picture
we are donated in reading each other's
books yeah he has a read mine either
true story is the name of the book Oh
true story that's that's that's a branch
ah I also think about this but seriously
folks that is the segue into your next
show yeah our Bob Hope I want to tell
you okay so anyway that's always good
but these are all the tricks so anyway
so I'm in the car well you do learn
tricks yeah you know and if you end it's
always if you can kill them with
kindness or if you can fake sincerity
with their guys during that because
everyone when everyone talks about it's
like you could we could literally spend
the next hour you just naming all stars
right you could just do but we're there
guys
drop I'll just name drop for the next
and it'll be very easy to make a promo
I'll do that professor Irwin Corey see
no one will know that I know but yeah
but but were there guys that you thought
were true heck's transcendent yeah so a
guy like Joe Bill Hicks oh that that's
transcendent yeah that's a guy who
worshipped Sam Kinison it was a friend
of mine I got him is Burt I got Sam his
first spot at The Comedy Store was it in
the documentary no but he was he was an
unusual thing it was an anomaly it was
no one had ever seen that before and
Bill Hicks really thought about why are
we here and had a sweet philosopher in
him it was a gentle George Carlin kind
of thing mm-hmm I mean from know you
know probably saw a gentler version I
did because I I knew him and he was kind
of I knew him when he was really young
