[Music]
folks it's official we are entering the
age of enlightenment my friend a true
feminist in the best sense of the word
and a fearless defender of free speech
christina hoff sommers was invited to
speak at Lewis and Clark law school this
week here's what happened when she began
her talk
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
putting aside the creepiness of the
clone like repetitive chanting from the
protesters their use of free speech
actually isn't a use of free speech at
all while of course they have the right
to protest your right to exercise your
free speech doesn't come at the expense
of someone else's right to exercise
theirs so what this means is yes you can
peacefully protest outside of event you
can silently protest inside of an event
you can hold all the signs you want and
you can encourage others to join your
cause you cannot however use your
freedoms to trample on the freedoms of
others this chanting which again took
place before christina had even begun to
speak reminded me of when i was at UCLA
with my lowly innopolis about two years
ago protesters screamed spit through
garbage cans pulled fire alarms and even
called in bomb threats before we even
took the stage perhaps most egregiously
though was the group of students who
linked arms to create a human wall to
stop us and other viewers from even
going inside the venue itself apparently
they aren't against walls they just
don't like Trump's wall Cristina's talk
continued through the chanting and the
protesters then broke out in song
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
quite a catchy tune wouldn't you say
of course christina hoff sommers isn't a
fascist at all she's just an old-school
liberal who dare challenge modern-day
leftism ironically these people so keen
on fighting the fake fascism in their
minds don't understand that they
themselves are the ones who are actually
using fascist tactics of silencing and
drowning out their opponents until there
is no opposition remaining at all but if
you're still confused here's a simple
definition of fascism fascism is a form
of radical authoritarian nationalism
characterized by dictatorial power
forcible suppression of opposition and
control of industry and commerce which
came to prominence in early 20th century
Europe do you think that christina hoff
sommers is for dictatorial power is she
for forcible suppression of opposition
to top it off she even works at the
American Enterprise Institute which is
against control of industry and commerce
now just think for a moment if the idea
is that these students were espousing
were the set of ideas in power they
actually would be for dictatorial
control as they believe their cause is
the most just and their opponents are
simply evil how do you think it would be
going for dissent and opposition in
their system perhaps the most insidious
piece of the cultural Marxism that we
see spreading on college campuses these
days is that it is using the freedoms
that our democratic capitalist society
has against itself of course it would
never offer these same protections to
minority voices in the dystopian future
that it would bring while this event
thankfully wasn't nearly as violent as
when Milo went to UC Berkeley and the
school burned down or when it took six
hundred thousand dollars of security to
ensure that Ben Shapiro could speak
there without threat this display at
Lewis and Clark is just another reminder
of how the backwards thinking of
cultural Marxism
is coming for all dissenters cloaked in
the mask of tolerance and diversity
these incidences are happening all over
colleges all over the country and
turning places of higher learning into
places where people are just getting
high on intersectionality sadly this
story really only broke on right-leaning
blogs and was only shared by the usual
suspects who continually defend freedom
of expression as of recording this I
haven't seen any left-leaning websites
that covered it the reason for this of
course is twofold on one hand when you
can win arguments by silencing your
opponents your job is pretty easy but
also and perhaps more importantly the
good actors on the Left which I still
believe there are some who want to call
out events like this rarely do because
they know that the same tactics of
smearing and silencing will eventually
be used against them and then they'll be
purged from their former home just as
former guests of mine like Brett
Weinstein Laura Kipnis Lindsey Shepard
and others who dare speak out against
this tyrannical foe diversity movement
the silver lining though of course is
that the more that people like brat
Laura and others speak out the more room
they give for people like you to do the
exact same in your life speaking of
Berkeley I spoke there yesterday with
Heather McDonald and Steve Simpson and
I'll be speaking at many other colleges
in the coming months come join me
wherever I may be and ask me as many
hard questions in the Q&A as you would
like I ask only one thing which is that
if you sing please make it a little
snappier than what we just heard a cover
of journey Fleetwood Mac or even Frank
Sinatra would be preferable
[Music]
joining me today is the senior editor of
the Atlantic a contributor on MSNBC and
the author of the new book Trump
accuracy the corruption of the american
republic david frum welcome to the rubin
report thank you so much for having me
I'm glad to have you here I've wanted
you on for a couple years I think at
this point you were a tough guy to track
down but we made it happen
I'm findable yeah I'm not in hiding yet
you're not in hiding yet you could be
maybe by the end of this interview
because I let my guests talk and you
never know right
that's the Twitter formula that you're
you're like 140 characters away from
career self-immolation yeah well we've
got about 60 minutes we'll see you about
immolation immediately all right so a
lot of things I want to talk to you
about I thought your your personal
history is interesting and usually when
I see you on television you're talking
about the the day-to-day machinations of
politics you are Canadian I did not know
that I find that I like Canadians yet
everyone does why are you people so
agreeable because they're so
passive-aggressive I grew I grew up in
Toronto I'm just we have place in Prince
Edward County which is what to a nap
East out of Toronto to an hours east of
Toronto where my wife and I and our
children are spent summers now for
almost three decades Canada is a you
know is a kind of mirror image of the
United States with some things omitted
some things intensified and so I think
it offers Americans often a kind of well
what if examination of what the United
States might have been under different
circumstances yes that's an interesting
phrase what do you think so mitad and
what do you think's intensified well so
Canada didn't have the American South
didn't have slavery didn't have a Civil
War Canada had a peaceful separation
from Great Britain so it doesn't have
the mill it doesn't have the kind of
citizen military traditions Canadians a
very different attitude toward guns I
mean they're my neighbors in Prince
Edward County all have are not all but
many have long guns hunting pieces
shotguns but the idea of having a
handgun or a military style weapon is a
very alien idea for Canadians yeah do
you think some of the Canadian attitude
is also that just there's a lot of
geographic space and not that many
people actually yes well there it can be
kind of it can be kind of spooky tonight
I mean they're they're great city so
Canadian Canada's much more urbanized
place in the United States
Canadians are more likely to live in
Toronto Vancouver Calgary Edmonton
Montreal those places but and there
there's a I'm in a line from a poem the
wild is always there and even when you
live in the center of Toronto you can
head off you can start driving and
pretty soon you you're in the wild yeah
interesting so your mom was on the
Canadian Broadcasting YES Network or
company CBC coming in broadcasting
corporation corporation okay Linda from
tell me a little bit that was my Linda
promise my sister who's a member of the
Canadian icing on a few things are they
different no no but she's a very
prominent person to Linda from as a
member of the Canadian Senate a leader
in the Canadian Conservative Party my
late mother Barbara from was the host I
had correct here my biography Keaney
arresting you enter of Agra she was a
radio interview on a show called as it
happens for a decade and then was the
founder of a show called journal which
was one of those face to face TV shows
at a time when satellite instant
satellite communication was quite new
she died in 1992 at the age of 54 was
your family always political I mean it
sounds like probably right well but my
family was interested in politics
my late father was a businessman not a
not involved in the political world and
he had a lot of distance from from
politics but yes I mean my parents
dinner table was a place it was a
high-pressure environment and they they
thought deeply about things but they
were not ideological and one of the one
of the places where I really I mean
learned to think was around that dinner
table because you know my my mother's
very skeptical about everything
including her own children and the way
she when you were saying something she
didn't like but she would never argue
with you which you just set marching
these two lines of interrogatory
questions and you would eventually
realize I'm caught between these two
lines and she would force you to think
more deeply about and not just political
things but about everything why do you
do that why do you say that why do you
think that's funny
and it made you a more conscious person
and I try to live up to that in the way
I raise my own children you never try I
try never to tell them what to do or
what they what to think but instead to
challenge them to think and to think
more deeply and not just about the big
things but about everything do you think
that's what we're fundamentally missing
in society right now I mean I think it's
what I try to bring to this show I try
to let my guests talk even when I
disagree with them and maybe poke and
prod them in ways to to learn a little
bit more but that everyone in the media
these days is just pounding at each
other and hitting each other and trying
to destroy each other instead of sort of
going along that journey with you and
figuring out why you think that way and
yeah and more importantly how you think
I I think it's just human nature I think
I think it's human nature to be tough on
others and soft on ourselves and it it's
a real discipline and to say you know
what maybe I should be soft on others
and tough on myself so there's an
interesting story I want to get this
totally right when you were 14 you
volunteered for the Ontario New
Democratic Party yes so far so good
so far so good and for those who don't
follow Canadian politics as closely so
the Ontario NDP is the Left Party in
Canada it's a multi-party system and can
of course has a parliamentary system and
there was a provincial election and I
was interested in seeing how politics
worked I wasn't I didn't really have
political ideas but I was interested in
campaigns and I volunteered on that back
campaign so on that campaign you're 14
years old and on your commute you're
reading The Gulag Archipelago well it
was a bus subway streetcar to go it was
really something for volunteer right it
was summer holiday and so my mother had
given me as a birthday present the
paperback edition of The Gulag
Archipelago and urged me to read it
and so I had a lot of time on that
commute and had it hit me like a bomb
and I think I mean my family you know
are we're not my parents got I would
have Europe my family my families got
out of Europe before the war but they
left people behind it's Poland but most
of my father
family were annihilated in the Holocaust
and very whereas there was something he
was always very conscious in my mind and
then here was this other story that I
had not heard so much about and it it
saved me how does that shape a 14 year
old well it it what it makes you aware
of is that human history is very tragic
that you can't wrote a lot that power
can be abused and it makes you begin to
think very hard but well how do we build
a society and so there I was on the
Toronto subway system in a society that
really worked and it forces you to think
most societies aren't like this in most
societies people are exposed to random
terror and and to dictatorial power how
do you make societies that that work and
the protect people and respect human
dignity and human freedom
so I began and of course at 14 you have
no answers but you become interested in
the question and what you also know is
that when people say I have a great
scheme for Humanity it just requires a
few prison camps way you learn you know
what it's probably not such a good
scheme right although they usually don't
tell you it requires prison gifts it
usually tells you requires a lot of good
things right I mean isn't that the the
real trick but it's currently but it
tells you that at you there are warnings
early on they're warnings early on in
any utopian project like that we're
going to have to you know break break
some eggs here to make no an omelet and
at first you're right at first the eggs
are not at first the eggs are kind of
small but the first unit you can tell
those steps and that one of the things
that you know I mean this is I think one
of the reasons why people look at what's
happening on campuses with such alarm
because you know obviously those are the
people who are shouting down people on
campus they don't have police forces but
they've made it pretty clear how if they
ever did have a police for exactly how
they'd use yeah so when I first came
across you I think it was probably maybe
ten years ago you were on real time a
lot and I would say I would just see you
on different televisions and it was
probably when for me personally I was a
little more left than maybe I am at the
moment
or at least the whole Overton Window has
just shifted that it's hard to put
anyone on the traditional map anymore
but I always sort of you always struck
me as like a sensible conservative I
never watched you and was like ah that's
the guy I disagree with on the right you
know in some like crazed way what what
does conservatism because you you are a
conservative right I would say I would
use the adjective I am conservative my
I've stopped using the noun a
conservative interesting that's an
interesting distinction and it makes
sense to me relative to so many things
changing right now what does
conservatism generally mean to you well
I think it starts with the way our
brains are built that there are people
who are more conscious of risk and
they're people were less conscious of
risk the people who hanker for change
they're people who are ready to stick
with present evils rather than try new
ones and that's just a matter of brain
chemistry then when people with those
different brain chemistry's approach the
problems with society they start
building systems of ideas so the reason
I stopped using the phrase ain't
conservative and stop talking about the
conservative movement is what I would
have called conservatism when I came out
of college in 1982 was a set of answers
to the problems in the 1970s and 80s
inflation crime the Soviet menace the
disorder in American life a sluggish
productivity growth and the
conservatives of those days had a series
of policy recommendations for those
problems and by and large they weren't
and the result was that the problems
either were overcome or anyway so
reduced in significance they stopped
being the most important problems in
Americans carotenoid new problems came
to the fore and about those new problems
conservatives had the same old answers
they've had back in 1982 and it became a
kinda fetish that if lower taxes were
the right way to respond to low
productivity growth in 1982 then if you
had completely different problems in
2008 and obviously still lower taxes
must be the same must work just as well
as they did with a completely different
set of problems in 1982 so I think what
is what has happened is that the concern
movement conservative politics he's a
fossil it's it's it's interesting in
that reveal it's like unearthing some
piece of rock from a different
geological era it tells you something
about what people had on their minds in
1982 but if you say how am I going to
solve the problems of 2018 not so
helpful yeah so when people say that
they're conservatives now does that have
any particular meaning to you like I
guess there is the set that you're
talking about from the 82 that's going
you know what you know what the answers
are then but that seems very different
from now and then of course we're
obviously going to spend a lot of time
talking about Trump and that really is
flipped as well well this is what is
made from possible this is why the
conservative movement has sort of worked
itself out of a job so the actual
content of conservatism as you know what
does conservatism have to say about the
opioid epidemic what does it have to say
about the Great Recession what does it
have to say but the collapse in life
expectancy among non-college Americans
what does it have to say about America's
place in the world you know in a world
in which we're no longer competing with
an ideological nuclear superpower of the
Soviet Union but with a with these
opportunistic actors that like Russia
and China as conservatism has become
more useless to help those problems what
what it has been left behind is an
attitude what conservatism I think means
to most people say I'm a conservative
it means anti leftism find out what the
what the American Left is talking about
at any given moment and not only think
the opposite of it but actually make
your opposition to that that group of
people the organizing principle of your
politics your sort of defining principle
basically your defining principle now
what that does is first it makes it does
a couple things first it makes
opposition ISM it means you're always
against never for and the second thing
it means is you never have the
initiative because you don't know what
you think about anything until somebody
else tells you first and I think that's
one of the reasons why conservatives
were so vulnerable to Trump is that you
had an intellectual estate that was
largely untended and falling into
disrepair and Donald Trump came and
kicked the
and moved in were there any candidates
that you liked out of that crew before
Trump came in and wrecked the whole
