[Music]
one of the things that most amazed by at
the moment is how the ideas and issues
that we're talking about every week here
on the Rubin report are relevant not
just in America but all over the world
the amount of email I'm getting from you
guys across the globe whether it's
Sweden Australia Brazil hungry or Japan
is actually staggering it really seems
to me that there has been a reawakening
as to what being a free human being is
all about you are in charge of your own
life and if you start with this simple
premise you can accomplish anything
while the discourse on social media may
seem more toxic than ever I see a
growing dynamic group of people coming
together through ideas and conversation
regardless of where they were born or
the color of their skin
we're partnering with learn Liberty
again this week and our guest is Rajshri
Agarwal she was born in India to a
traditional family only moved to America
where she now teaches about capitalism
at the University of Maryland where she
is the chair and professor of
entrepreneurship
she believes that capitalism provides
maximum freedom and happiness to all
people regardless of race religion or
anything else the ideas of freedom that
once sparked in her as a young child are
the same ideas that she's now helping
further by teaching minds of young
people today that is what freedom is all
about if you want to join me in
spreading these ideas of freedom and
individuality in person I'll be joining
Jordan Peterson on his twelve rules for
life tour for as many dates as I can
possibly fit in we kicked off the tour a
couple weeks ago at the beacon in New
York City where the energy in the room
was absolutely bananas I'll be traveling
with Jordan to the UK to speak in London
at the Apollo Hammersmith theatre on May
13th and then on May 14th I have the
incredible honor of speaking at the
Oxford Union hopefully I'll get to meet
as many of you guys as possible and I
also promise to down as many pints as
possible I'm also working on an
Australian tour and hope to have some
more info on that for you guys soon you
know I've mentioned on the show lately
that the endless hysteria of the left
and the politically correct craziness
that were caught up and was eventually
gonna drag me back into stand-up comedy
and this finally came to fruition this
past Sunday at the Irvine improv the
show was billed as an evening of stand
up and sit down
as I did about an hour of stand-up and
then Bob Saget joined me on stage for
about 45 minutes of a sit-down
it was awesome meeting so many of you
guys out there in the show was a huge
success the manager of the Improv even
told me that it was the first sold-out
standing ovation she's seen at the club
in her 18 years we're gonna announce
travel dates for upcoming stand-up gigs
pretty soon and I hope that you guys
will join me for at least a two-drink
minimum and plenty of laughs and finally
after years in the making we taped our
interview with dr. Thomas soul yesterday
on location at Stanford University in
San Francisco we flew our whole team up
there and rented a studio to make it
happen it was truly a personal and
career highlight for me and I can't wait
to share our sit-down with you next week
big thanks to our supporters on patreon
who make interviews like this possible
so all these announcements aside whether
you're in the US India Oxford San
Francisco or anywhere else we're all in
this fight together keep fighting for
what you believe in and I'll do the same
[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty today and joining me is
the Rudolph pilla moan chair and
professor of entrepreneurship at the
University of Maryland as well as the
director for the ED Snyder Center for
enterprise and economics Rhodri Agarwal
welcome to the Rubin report thank you
for having me Dave I feel we're gonna
have a very good talk because we've
already sort of had the interview before
we started we've been doing it already
I'm looking forward to this because we
did meet once before we were at a
conference in DC that was sort of
focusing on academia and free speech and
we spent a couple of minutes talking and
what I thought was interesting yeah I
don't think you knew who I was before
ending that I didn't know who you were
beforehand and they sort of brought me
there to talk a little bit about how
YouTube plays a part in reaching young
people and technology and all that and
you were very interested in that so we
didn't really focus on free speech
together but we focused on how
technology is shifting the conversation
so just very quickly to start why are
you interested in how technology is
affecting the conversation related to
free speech capitalism the whole thing
so I'm not interested in technology per
se but I'm interested in technology
because it represents the manifestation
of the human mind at work ultimately
what is technology technology is better
machines but what are machines
ultimately whether they're fast
computers or whether they're the
industrialized age engines or whatever
you call it right they are ways for us
humans to make our lives easier by using
machines so technology ultimately is a
way for humans to communicate better to
live better lives and to use their mind
in doing so yeah so I study innovation I
study technology because it enables us
to be the best we can be by using our
mind I was very proud when you walked in
here because you study innovation and
entrepreneurship and this is my garage
that we turned into a studio so I
thought yes and think about all of the
creativity that went into it right not
just by you but all of the things all of
the the techniques the machines that
we're looking around it was someone's
mind that had to come up with it first
so creativity which is at the heart of
individual enterprise is what I love and
that's what I study all right so that's
what we're gonna spend most of this hour
talking about and you know when we do
these shows with Liron Liberty they
always send me just a quick one-page bio
on everybody and I really loved yours
there was a bunch of quotes in there
that I that I want to quote directly to
you but you should know that when they
asked me to write that bio I dish that
out in about 15 minutes at 4:30 in the
morning oh look at you patting yourself
on the back but first let's talk a
little bit about your history because
you have an interesting history you were
born in India and you lived there for
that for your first 21 years talk a
little bit about that well I was born to
a very very traditional family Hindu
family my father was your typical rags
to riches on the
he embodied enterprise and he in fact
I'll tell you about this one story I was
in fifth grade and I came home so upset
because the history lesson that I had
just heard was all about how the United
Kingdom Britain came in and just
plundered this golden peacock that was
India and look at all the nasty things
that they did to us and how oppressed
and victimized we were and my father who
is a very much a traditional Orthodox
Hindu at that time said no actually
Britain did more good for India than
they did bad and it's like huh what do
you mean by that and he went on to talk
about why before that it's true that
India was rich but what did rich mean it
meant that the kings and the traders
were rich but there was a very feudalist
economy at that time and of course they
were also very balcan eyes because each
of these kingdoms were fighting with
each other so one of the things that he
talked about is how the advent of the
British you know they bought the rule of
law they bought infrastructure they gave
us English as a language you know often
people my husband says oh wow you talk
better English than I do and it's like
yes that's because I was educated in
English as well yeah but at the same
time that he was such entrepreneur in
his mindset he was very traditionalist
in his views of how women should be and
so when I was 12 years old he said to me
the right and the responsibility of
finding a husband for you is mine don't
you forget that and of course any woman
in his family couldn't work because that
was a slap on his face in his ability to
provide for us but if you think about it
at 12 years old I'm being told that the
two biggest decisions any individual can
make for themselves
will you marry and what you choose to
work in and I and I and I tell you know
I'd like to think that those two
decisions under grid everything that we
do both at work and they're not work
life that we live
if those are taken away from you what
does that mean
about you as an individual you as a
person
so between 12 and 18 I had to navigate
that distance because at 12 years old I
was a daddy's girl
I said of course that just please do me
a favor find me a husband who lives in
Bombay because I can't even bear the
thought of being in a city that's
different from you and at 18 I had to
see for myself that I couldn't renege on
that decision so between 18 and 21 was
really my discovery of who I wanted to
be and at 21 I left India two suitcases
in my hand left everybody that I loved a
very generous inheritance my father did
not speak to me for seven years Wow I
mean there's there's so much there of
your formative stuff that leads you to
where you're at right now when you came
home that day in fifth grade you learn
something in school and then you hear
something different from your father who
you obviously respected and admired and
had as you said rags to riches had
provided a good life for you guys how
did you go back to school after that I
mean did you go back and start arguing
with teachers is that even these arguing
with teachers I've in fact I'd remember
my science teacher saying Rajshri why do
you ask so many wise pretty sure that's
not what a science teacher is supposed
to say that's right that's really
fascinating so you picked up and left
yes and and left an inheritance all this
you you get to America just tell me a
little bit about that initial experience
so for me this was freedom it was you
know I had lived in India especially in
the generation that I was in a woman
didn't a girl or a woman did not live by
themselves right they got they stayed
with their parents so they were married
and then they went to their husband's
house so the concept of really being
yourself and having the responsibility
to make your own choices is both
liberating but then I
also realize I can't blame my parents
for my mistakes anymore
indeed five years later when my mom or
six years later when my mom came to
visit with us my husband said you know
what is the one biggest difference that
you see in your daughter and this will
tell you a little bit about my
personality there too she says to him
she's become very responsible wow that's
fascinating action and she's uses this
as evidence she says you know our her
father used to give her a very generous
allowance but we were we would marvel at
the fact that this kid would go through
this allowance within ten or twelve days
and then she'd say I'd like more and
then her father would sometimes give it
and sometimes there's no that's all
you're gonna get so then she'd come to
me or she'd come to her brother or I
started to tutor because I often said I
own my own bread and butter but my
father provided we might put with the
chance but one of the things that she
said was now she looks at me and she
realizes just how responsible I've
become that we're before money would
just flow off of my fingers and I
wouldn't give it a second thought
I had become so much more responsible in
my thinking and I think she was talking
a lot more about than just money in
India I was rebelling mm-hmm
because I was fighting against something
I came to the United States I didn't
have to fight against anything so I had
to figure out who I was and what I
really wanted to be yeah and it allowed
me to thrive yeah so you mentioned you
didn't talk to your father for seven
years after that had it how did the
reconciliation at it or was it a
reconciliation in fact one of the things
that I really really treasure is you
know for the I was a daddy's girl
and I did want his approval and after I
got my PhD I remember this one
conversation that I had with him where I
was this prodigal daughter he was just
finally talking to me again I think he'd
given up on the fact that I would be
this person that would ultimately come
home with my tail between my legs and
say you know you were right I was wrong
he just completely given up on that
and so he was listening to me and of
course I was trying to impress him so I
was talking to him about all of these
achievements as a young assistant
professor I'd received a couple of
awards I was getting to go to these
prestigious conferences and he's
listening but there's silence on his
side and the more I'm talking the more
he's silent and then finally I just gave
I had nothing more to brag about or talk
about and I wasn't getting me I'm so
proud of you from him and so there was
this uncomfortable silence after which
he says it's a phrase in Hindi which
roughly translated says if a peacock
dances in a forest who sees so who cares
and his point to me was you can be all
of the peacock you are but if you're not
next to me it doesn't mean anything so
that was the harshness that we started
off with even in the reconciliation but
my last visit with him paradoxically was
when I was asked to give a keynote in
India this was immediately after India's
liberalisation it was thriving as an
economy that we now know it to be and so
I was asked to give a keynote at an
academic conference on entrepreneurship
and economic growth and so on my way to
this conference I stopped by and ten
years after I have done my PhD I'm
finally talking to my father about my
research and connecting it to his own
entrepreneurial spirit and him being a
serial entrepreneur and I can finally
see the pride in his eyes you got I got
there and then at the keynote at the end
of this thing when you go to India you
realize that when you give a speech
they'll give you a present so in front
of about 500 people they give me this
present that I open and believe it or
not it's a peacock seems bidding seems
yes there's so much there and it's so
obvious hearing the story how it led to
all of the things that you're teaching
about now and care about the concept
between the battle between sort of
traditionalism yes
and then the
tripping Oriole spirit is really a
fascinating one because he obviously had
that yes he built something for himself
built a good life and then still wanted
that piece of sort of the old world and
I think we all kind of struggle with
that in a way maybe that's what the
struggle of Western civilization is and
I actually think that this relates to
often the need to think and integrate
one's psychological growth with one's
growth in the material and in the riches
realm so one of the things that I think
my father was as a paradox unfortunately
and I think that caused him as well as
me so much of this angst between us is
that at the same time that he applied
his intellect into the economic realm he
psychologically did not necessarily
realize that you know part of the reason
he was successful is because he was able
to make his own decisions which also
meant the freedom to make your own
mistakes and learn from your mistakes so
while he allowed that there as far as
his family was concerned there was this
very protectionist I need to take care
of you right but that I'm realizing this
as a parent is not very conducive to
your children's growth because what you
really need to give them are the tools
to make their own decisions as opposed
to telling them you know this is the way
you should do it yeah and ironically had
you not broken away and been free
although although he may have been very
pleased with your life and who knows
what your life would be and maybe you
maybe you would be happy in some ways it
wouldn't have led you to all this so you
had to directly I have to do that yes so
so one more thing about India before we
move on to everything else you're doing
I told you right before we started that
I get a ton of fan mail from India I
think there's some really interesting
political things happening right there
that seem to be driving people to
watching shows like this just give me
one thing that we should know about
India right now that maybe we don't know
as
which i think is probably probably
everything because India never comes up
in the news really yes so so I I can
talk about India right now a little less
than I can talk about the India that I
grew up in and why growing up in India
actually fostered my entrepreneurial
spirit okay so we can do it a little bit
a little bit of that right and I think
that that is one of the aspects this
definitely selection at play right I do
think that across every culture people
individuals are born tabula rasa some
cultures are much more conducive to
having the entrepreneurial spirit bloom
and as a result you see people go so
much farther but there are other cults
and other cultures stifle it but as
individuals I think we all have the same
proclivity to be the persons that we can
be but one of the things that I will
always credit in my education in India
is the focus on thinking and critical
thinking and intellectualism so the
concept of a nerd growing up for me was
unheard of because the coolest kids were
also the ones that participated in
science and elocution debates you know I
was always at the forefront I wasn't so
much of a sports person but I was very
much in debates in elocution
competitions and science competitions
and so on and that was cool that was a
United States right so the concept that
there's a nerd and a nerd is socially
awkward was was unheard off for me I'll
give you another example you know my
brother was the one that first talked to
me about Iran and of course in that
journey that I was telling you about
where I had to find my own identity
reading Atlas Shrugged was really the
pillar of strength and helped me
identify my own sense of life but the
way I read Atlas Shrugged you'd find
very funny is in colleges in India if
you're a guy and you want to impress a
chick you carry at least in my time a
paperback novel of Atlas Shrugged in
your back pocket
because that means that you're
intellectually you're thinking now I was
also said it was also said that's so
fascinating right and it's also said
well if you're young then you believe in
these views but then you grow up and you
grow over it
I have never grown over it I think that
that aspect of the mind the ability to
think through decisions is one that I
will credit the Indian culture and my
father for endowing in me yeah well
you'll be happy to know as I mentioned
to you before that you know I was at the
