[Music]
joining me today is the first investor
in Bitcoin comm blockchain comm and
several other cryptocurrency websites
who's also a libertarian an
individualist and a peace advocate Roger
Vere welcome to the Rubin report thanks
for having me on I was gonna savor but
when I did a little research and it's
actually veer even though most people
savor this would lead one to getting
into cryptocurrency wouldn't it that's
the exact reason that it's very easy to
see that that's why I would get into
cryptocurrency yeah alright I am looking
forward to doing this conversation cuz
as I mentioned to you briefly before we
started for about two years or so I've
sort of been kind of looking into this
world a lot of my audience the
libertarian side of my audience of
course is very much into Bitcoin so I
think probably for the first half of
this we have to just do do 101 stuff are
you ready to have your your thinking cap
on you bet all right for someone that's
watching this Bitcoin they have no idea
what that means they think it has some
connotation to Super Mario you know
punching the question mark and getting
coins out of this thing which makes some
sense I guess at some level what the
hell is Bitcoin
so Bitcoin is thanks to the invention of
Bitcoin for the very first time in the
entire history of the world any human
being can now send and receive any
amount of money with any other human
being
anywhere on the planet instantly
basically for free you don't have to get
permission from a bank you don't have to
get permission from the corporation you
don't have to get permission from a
government not only do you not have to
get their permission it's impossible for
any of those entities to stop it so you
can now send money from from here in LA
to Tomas Cao instantly just like that
for a less than a penny and there's
nothing that the Russian government can
do there's nothing that the Chinese
government can do there's nothing that
the American government can do so if you
think that it's a good thing that people
have control of their own money and
they're not susceptible to things like
we had happened in Cyprus a few years
back where the government just came in
and said okay we're going to take I
think it was a third of it everybody's
money in their bank accounts if you
think things like that are bad you
should love Bitcoin and even if you
haven't used Bitcoin yet it
might sound complicated and difficult
but think of it like email if I sat here
trying to explain to you how email
worked it would sound really hard and
confusing and how could anybody figure
out how to do this sort of thing but
once you've used email it's not hard
it's easy you just type in the person's
email address and you send them a
message
bitcoins the same way you just paste
copy and paste their Bitcoin address and
you send them some money yeah and so the
best advice I can give to anybody that's
new to Bitcoin don't be afraid of it go
on the internet and get a Bitcoin wallet
and give it a try it's really really
easy to use once you've actually used it
yeah I mentioned to you that we take
donations at Rubin report.com slash
donate and we take Bitcoin donations we
didn't do it for awhile and we had all
these people saying why aren't you doing
it you're missing a great opportunity
here so we did it we've about I think
around two and a half Bitcoin right now
and I've seen it kind of you know go up
and you can't really watch it every
though at least from where I sit you
can't watch it every day because you'd
start going crazy it's just like
watching stocks every day but what is it
what actually is it so I get the ease of
transfer and I want to talk to you about
why some governments kind of embrace it
more and some really or against it and
all that stuff but like people that's
what people know like what like gold we
know what gold is it's a thing you can
put it in your hand what actually is
Bitcoin
so with traditional money's that people
are used to using like the dollar or the
Euro or traditional payment networks
like PayPal or Visa or MasterCard all of
these things have one ledger that keeps
track of for example PayPal they have a
ledger at the PayPal world headquarters
and maybe a couple of backups they keep
track of how many dollars you have in
your account and how many dollars I have
in my account and when I transfer some
PayPal dollars from my account to your
account they update their ledger but
because they're the ones that are in
charge of that ledger and keeping track
of that ledger at any point they can
reverse the transaction I made to you
they can take all the money out of your
account they can take all the money out
of my account the IRS can go to them and
say take the money out of both of our
accounts anything can happen at any time
that's beyond our control even though we
like to think of the money that's in our
PayPal account as our money but in
reality we have to trust PayPal to hold
it because PayPal has that one ledger
they're at the mercy of you know their
higher-ups which are the government
people with Bitcoin instead of there
being one ledger that keeps track of who
has how many bitcoins and what
there's a copy of this ledger but it's
on everybody's computer around the world
that's running a copy of the Bitcoin
full node software and so instead of
there being you know one or two or three
copies there's a more than a hundred
thousand copies of this ledger around
the world and those a hundred thousand
copies of the letter all stay in sync
with one another and those Ledger's are
in you know every country around the
world so let's say I send some money to
you be a Bitcoin for something that a
government doesn't like there's no
Bitcoin company that they can call
there's no Bitcoin server that they can
unplug all they could do is arrest the
two of us but that doesn't stop the
Bitcoin network as a whole it keeps
right on going so the real powerful
invention of Bitcoin is this ledger
that's not on any one computer the
ledger is distributed across the entire
planet so there's no single place that
anybody could go to to stop or modify it
or unplug it or turn it off and so for
me that's what's so exciting about
Bitcoin is the only way to stop it would
be to turn off the entire internet in
the entire world and keep it turned off
and in 2017 I don't think that's a very
likely proposition I suspect there's
some bad guys there's got to be an evil
guy somewhere twirling his mustache code
we can shut off the entire internet
right
maybe but hopefully not and hopefully we
can build even more technologies to
prevent bad people from turning off the
whole world's Internet and we saw what
happened when they tried in in Turkey
previously they turned off the internet
we just within the country and people
were instantly rioting in the streets
and uh it led to an entire revolution in
that country and I suspect that what
happened in a lot of countries around
the world if they tried to turn off the
internet completely okay so I'm with you
I understand that basically the ledger
the information the true information of
who has what and when they have it and
all of that I understand that when
people say we're we're mining for
Bitcoin what does that actually mean
so this ledger that's all across the
entire world gets updated once on
average every ten minutes but it's who
gets to decide who gets to make that
update so the way that problem was
solved is all these people are doing
these really complicated math problems
and the only way to find the answer to
this maths problem is just to guess and
you have to guess over and over and over
again so these Bitcoin mining machines
are guessing millions of times a second
or even more than that and when they
find the
you ever machine and there's you know
millions of these around the world
whichever machine finds the right answer
to this math problem is then the one
that's designated to be able to make the
next update to this worldwide Bitcoin
ledger so then all these different nodes
around the world make their update and
boom the transactions at the networks at
the next state and then all the
computers start trying to guess again
but the benefit of finding the right
answer to this solution is at the moment
you get 12 and a half bitcoins if your
computer is the one that finds the right
solution and twelve and a half bitcoins
at the moment is worth what like 80
$80,000 or so yeah oh I should mention
by the way that we're taping this
probably about two weeks before it's
gonna air so anything we say related to
the specific numbers I don't want people
to take out of context they got here
doesn't know what he's talking about
because there was 2.4 it you know ok and
it and almost certainly by the time this
airs it'll be something like that what I
said so basically even if we were doing
this live right now things would be
changing on the fly I'd have to check
live on the on the phone to see what the
current price is to figure it out and
and Bitcoin is volatile but from my
point of view I want to be exposed to as
much of that volatility as I possibly
can because Bitcoin allows you to send
and receive any amount of money with
anyone anywhere in the world basically
for free and there's nothing anybody
could do to stop it and there's a
limited supply a Bitcoin there will
never ever ever be more than 21 million
bitcoins so if you stop so how does that
work exactly because that's oh I've
heard that so they'll never be more than
21 you've got all these computers that
are constantly working to get the next
solution to the mathematical equation so
how is there a finite number of so if
one of these come if one of these
computers decided to give itself more
than the 12 and a half bitcoins that are
supposed to be allocated all the other
computers will reject that and say no
that's not part of the rules of the game
that it's in our software code so any
computer that deviates from that their
transactions and whatever they're trying
to do just gets rejected and ignored by
the rest of the network so right from
day one it was programmed into the
software code that there wouldn't be
more than 21 million bitcoins but those
are released over time so half of the
remaining bitcoins are released every
four years so in the first four years of
bitcoins Bitcoin ten and a half million
coins were released in the next four
years half of that in the next four
years half of that and it drops by by
half every four years so what year will
they all officially we have more than a
hundred years until the
the bitcoins are released out into the
public so uh you know it's that's not a
pressing problem at the moment but uh
right what would even I mean we don't
have to go too far down that since it's
a hundred years from now but what would
happen when we hit when we hit the point
that they're all out there does that
somehow drastically change the way the
game is played well the idea is that by
that point people that are doing the
quant transactions even if they're
paying a fraction of a penny per Bitcoin
transaction of people are doing billions
of transactions per day those fees of a
fraction of a penny per transaction will
incentivize the miners to continue
mining and we have a hundred and
something years to find out to figure
that out yeah I suspect there will be
some other excuse yeah there's more
pressing problems than that one at the
moment sure right okay so how so it
sounds to me that it's incredibly secure
right can you just talk a little bit
more about the general security yeah so
the the Bitcoin network all these
computers around the world that are
doing mining a more accurate description
of what they're doing is actually
they're securing the Bitcoin network so
the more computers that are mining the
more secure the Bitcoin network is and
the Bitcoin network is somewhere on the
order of several thousand times more
powerful now than the world's top 500
supercomputers combined so it's
absolutely an incredible feat of
Engineering yeah wait so how do you get
that kind of computing power like are
there just I assume there's farms of
servers just like it's just someone that
invested in it in a farm right I mean is
that what works and initially it was
just people at home in their bedroom
because you know you if you found a
block you would get a dollar I mean so
it wasn't that excited but now today
when you find a block on the blockchain
you get you know 80,000 plus dollars so
now it's big big business so people have
big giant warehouses filled with tens of
millions of dollars of this mining
equipment using you know tens of
megawatts of a power per per location
and it's a big big business at this
point and you can still do it at home
one of the most important factors though
is the cost of electricity so the
cheaper your electricity is the more
profitable your Bitcoin mining can be so
I assume there's some Bitcoin people
that probably want to go into solar and
move to Nevada or something yep and then
there's people going around looking at
buying power plants and buying
hydroelectric dams and all sorts of
stuff it's really become a worldwide
major industry at this point yeah I
mentioned to you the BNA we're gonna
have to do some definitions here so
blockchain what
is blockchain so blockchain is just a
fancy name for this worldwide ledger
that's kept on everybody's computer
that's running up this copy of the
software and the ledger stays in sync
with every other copy so that's a that's
basically what a blockchain is and the
reason it's called a blockchain is that
ledger it's not updated all the time
it's updated in steps and each step or
update is a block of new information
that's attached and they're all chained
together mathematically so they're all
in order so of a new block gets added to
the end of the blockchain on average
once every 10 minutes and now the the
blockchain is I don't know
coming up on half a million blocks long
and it's been going on for nine years
now something like that yeah what are
most people who use it actually using
Bitcoin for right now like are they
using it mostly just to transfer money
from person to person or I noticed
actually just two days ago I bought
something on overstock.com and it was
the first time that I ever saw on an
e-commerce site that I could have paid
in Bitcoin I had actually never seen
that before but what are most people
using Bitcoin for I think it depends
it's kind of like asking what do most
people use money for and it varied up
fair in my book Bitcoin is money so
people use money in different ways some
people save with it some people spend it
some people gamble on the internet with
it some people buy drugs with it some
people do whatever it is they want with
it but in my point of view each each
person owns their own money and they
should be free to do whatever they want
with it so long as they're not
initiating force or fraud against other
people and yeah but I'm curious do you
know it what any of the trends are like
our people really at the moment just
getting into Bitcoin so they can save it
hoping that you know treating it more as
a stock than an actual cash or are they
all right then we can also talk about a
little bit about the split with Bitcoin
cash - that's probably a good Segway to
that but do you have any sense of what
the actual habits are yes I think that's
a great segue into that so when I first
got involved in Bitcoin I was the first
person the entire world to start
investing in Bitcoin startups so my
first step what let's pause there for a
sec so this is 2011 right right what are
a 2011 bitcoins are less than $1 each
okay and what possessed you to get my
kid you see that you were like alright
this is going to be something so um I
grew up in Silicon Valley been playing
with computers since I was a little kid
love computers all the time and my hobby
was studying economics and just kind of
by chance I came
macrosse1 economics book in in junior
high when my mother told me I couldn't
play anymore Nintendo I had to go and do
something else I'd pick up a book off
the shelf and just by luck it was a book
called socialism by Ludwig von Mises and
some people may know who that is and
what that book is and a lot most people
I expect won't and when I picked up that
book I thought it was a pro socialism
book and I didn't really even know what
socialism was but I kind of knew that
Americans were supposed to be opposed to
socialism but I thought you know I
should have an open mind I should at
least hear what the other side of the
the you know this point of view has to
say and it turned out that I think was
the Wall Street Journal referred to look
mom uses his book socialism as looted
von Mises is devastating critique of
socialism and in this book he kind of
points out that prices are incredibly
important and without the pricing
mechanism you don't know what raw
resources should be used to produce what
consumer goods so this you my glass of
water here is made of glass that I don't
know how I don't even know how they make
the glass but I guess some sand and they
melt it down or something like that but
without the price we got it from Target
for the record so we spare no expense
around here you know everything right
and with the prices that go into the
sand and then the factory and this and
that they know that maybe they should
make glasses out of sand rather than
glasses out of gold or glasses out of
copper or take your pick and so all the
prices all over the world allocate all
of these resources and all of these
companies and all these factories and
people and individuals all the way to
the time when you get to Target and you
look at the different glasses there and
you think this one's glass this one's
plastic this one suits my need better
than this one and this one cost this
much and it allocates the resources of
the entire world without a pricing
mechanism you have no idea what raw
resources should be used to create what
consumer goods and reading this book was
like wow any time the government gets
involved in any area of the economy
they're causing a misallocation of
resources and resources are being
diverted from their most economically
efficient use to something that's less
economically efficient and saying
something's less economically efficient
is just a fancier way of saying you're
making the world a poorer place than it
otherwise would have been and so I found
these ideas incredibly interesting if I
it gave me a better understanding of the
world and so I read one economics book
after another after another half
or another and so I I got to read these
theories about the origin of money and
what the origin of money is and the idea
if the origin of money is that it starts
out as a commodity but not just any
commodity it has to be commodity that's
easily recognizable easily divisible
easily transportable you can store it
easily for a long time and it won't you
