[Music]
alright let's talk about the book right
here in front of me enlightenment now
I've been kicking around this phrase on
Twitter that's called a little traction
that we are now in the unlighted
because it seems like we're in this
endless stream of constant stupidity and
some of it seems social media related
and we touched a little bit on that on
part one and when I'm saying it I'm
saying it a little tongue-in-cheek and
actually this book is sort of the answer
to I think what I'm calling the
Enlightenment that there are so many
good things happening right now and it's
very hopeful and optimistic and I always
tell people I'm an optimist otherwise I
couldn't do this you know I mean I I
feel that we there's a chance we can
make things better so first off let's
just do some one-on-one stuff here what
are enlightenment values to you well I
characterize them in the subtitle of
book as reason science humanism and
progress reason that we should analyze
our situation our predicament using the
most rigorous logic that we can and
rather than relying on Dogma Authority
traditional scripture not for social
media for social media although at least
throwing ideas out there is as long as
they get evaluators as long as they get
criticized right science namely that we
should test our hypotheses seek deep
explanations and the science provides us
not just with gadgets and cures for
disease although it's important that it
does that but also defines our human
condition that that concepts from
science like evolution like entropy like
the whole naturalistic worldview that
the laws of nature do their thing
without caring about us these are things
that we have to understand as the most
basic facts about our existence so the
audience's part has to be part of our
world to you then humanism is the idea
that it's human beings and other
sentient animals that deserve our moral
concern as opposed to they say the glory
of the tribe or
following carrying out religious
dictates or the faith or some messianic
age that it's just do people live long
healthy happy stimulating lives that's
what we should care about and promises
that if we use a reason in science to
make people better off well maybe we can
gradually succeed yeah so it's funny
when I when I was reading this and the
only word that like dinged a little
something in my head was progress and I
think it's partly because of the way
progressives have used progress that
progress in and of itself you want to
progress meaning have more and more
opportunity for people more and more
equality for people I think that's a far
cry from what I think the progressives
are doing right now because that that's
the most subjective one of any of those
terms right well I I have the wisecrack
that progressives hate progress look at
the people who denied that we've made
progress it's often the people who
politically label themselves as
progressive who can't stand the idea we
made progress because they want to say
that every aspect of our current society
and institutions as you know corrupt and
racist and controlled by the by the 1%
and everything is getting worse and
worse and worse
ironically because the whole point of
being a progressive presumably is that
progressive activism is not a waste of
time but it actually brings benefits and
which actually has sort of the catch-22
of progress in general that you have to
acknowledge it but in a weird way you
need to not acknowledge it to keep
furthering it yeah so there is an
optimum amount and one has to keep in
mind the two ideas that we've made
progress but we've got huge challenges
ahead of us and just a very simple
example extreme poverty the bare minimum
that you that you need to feed your
family has been has been falling and
that's it's got to be an example of
progress in a couple of hundred years
ago you could say that probably ninety
percent of humanity was lived in extreme
poverty now it's less than ten percent
that's amazing yeah a lot of that
happened just in the last thirty years
but another way of stating the same fact
is that seven hundred thirty million
people live in extreme poverty now
that's the same fact ten percent of 7.3
billion seven hundred
that's an awful lot of miserable people
now those are the same class described
in two different ways and we got to be
able to think in both ways and let's try
to get it to zero now that's not a crazy
romantic utopian starry-eyed goal that
is one of the UN sustainable development
goals the predecessor the Millennium
Development Goals for poverty was
reached five years ahead of schedule so
the new goal in which is to eliminate
extreme poverty everywhere by 2030
probably a little too optimistic but but
not not completely crazy and maybe it'll
be instead of 0% maybe it'll be 2% and
maybe it'll be 2040 but still it's an
amazing aspiration in the first place
yeah how much of this do you think and
this a little bit gets back to the blank
slate but how much of this do you think
the way you view progress whether the
acknowledgement of progress or that you
sort of need to feel that we've made no
progress to kind of fuel yourself how
much of that do you think is just
hardwired and the way we look at the
world I think some of it comes from
certain cognitive biases one of them
being the availability heuristic named
discovered by Daniel Kahneman and Amos
Tversky namely the human mind generally
estimates probability and risk by
calling examples from memory if you've
just seen a tornado on the news then you
think that tornadoes are a major cause
of death and the fact that you know
falls off ladders kill many more people
than tornadoes doesn't register because
those don't make the news and and we
don't net naturally calibrate for how
many opportunities there are for bad
things to happen how big the world is
how many people there are we just
remember the examples and that's what
drives our intuitions and when you have
the news media reporting everything that
goes wrong everywhere then you can come
away with an impression of the world is
falling apart because all the parts of
the world that aren't falling apart
never make the news yeah that's one
there is also a we are I think
tuned to dwell on the negative probably
because bad things can hurt you a lot
more than good things can help you so
there is something adaptive in a natural
environment to you know be on the
lookout for
and kill you so that's just a survival
and that's I think it's a part of the
survival instinct there are there other
things too like the there's always
implicit competition between different
elites in society the academics the
journalists the politicians the
businesspeople the religious the
military you know they're all different
kind of power centers and they all kind
of compete with each other for prestige
and an influence and if you say society
is declining it's corrupt it's a mess
it's horrible
kind of a way of each one of these
groups can kind of feel superior to the
others the academics could say look what
the businessman the contrarian a
businessman can say look what the
politicians are doing to the country and
the challengers can say look at the
incumbents are doing and so it's it's
kind of a backhanded way of social
one-upmanship yeah do you sense that
right now we're at a unique position to
bring back more enlightenment values
like it seems to me that because of
Trump because of social media that just
everything is sort of upside down right
now this again has been a theme with a
bunch of I guess that everything is sort
of on the table and that there's great
opportunity we don't know which way it's
gonna go but there's great opportunity
for good ideas there's a great
opportunity for bad ideas obviously I
know which way we're both hoping this is
gonna yes but do you think that we
actually are in a unique moment right
now I know everyone always thinks that
they're always there they're always in a
tense moment right but do you think
there's something unique right now well
it's this way I just think that it's
kind of like inequality of a reset of
reason maybe growing that at the top
there's so many areas in which we become
so much more irrational and reasonable
like evidence-based medicine used to be
your doctor had a hunch and operated are
you gave you a drug and there's no
reason to think they would actually work
and now therapies are a value a to do in
big studies or a data-driven policing
one of the reasons that the crime rate
went down so dramatically starting in
the 90s is that the police started to
gather block by block data and where the
violence was occurring they kind of
collapsed on those areas like a ton of
bricks make sure that you know one gang
member
it just suffered a an injury wouldn't be
roaring for a revenge saying you know
we're watching you and that really drove
down the rate of crime by a lot hmm in
in sports sabermetrics and Moneyball
much more rational analysis
there's the effective altruism movement
how can we allocate charity and
volunteering so it actually does good as
opposed to just giving people a warm
glow so that all of these areas but at
the same time you get these nutball
conspiracy theories and the fake news
and the politicized denial of science
such as vaccine safety and climate
change so the question is how do we let
the standards of rationality make use
wouldn't trickle-down make it so that
that it's kind of second nature for
everyone to just not think in certain
ways because they've just been proven to
be obviously ridiculous yeah how do you
do it I mean I think that's a good I may
not be the one to you know to change a
whole society I do it by appealing to
the kind of people who watch this show
kind of people who read my books in the
hopes that it will kind of spread out
from there and we know it's not it's not
that it can't happen there are certain
bad ideas that at one point are taken
seriously and then they just drop off
and like no one talks about them ever
again you know like just you know my
lifetime when I was a kid there's a
debate over racial segregation you know
should should black students be admitted
to the University of Mississippi I mean
you just couldn't have that debate
anymore even among the farthest right or
the right yeah that's just no longer an
issue should women be allowed to to work
and in earlier decades and centuries it
was slavery or women's suffrage and
superstitions like you know alchemy or
human sacrifice so it's not hopeless
that sometimes what happens is that at
any given time there's a range of
reasonableness but that that Center
drifts so that some things that were at
the tail end of ridiculousness
even the conspiracy theory mongers and
the most benighted
can no longer take us seriously yeah how
much of this is just sort of our or the
discussion around all this is just about
our lack of patience because actually
when the when the publisher sent me the
the book I said enlightenment now and as
you guys had the font now he's bigger
than enlightenment and I thought that
was kind of interesting because we live
in a time of immediate reaction to
everything and selfies and likes and
people just don't have patience anymore
attention spans are incredibly short
that we want more now but some of these
things are just the long game yeah I
think that's it that's exactly right we
also we have amnesia for how things were
not so long ago yeah that's a point that
I make repeatedly even though there are
you know there there's a horrific war
going on now in Syria but we forget some
of the horrific wars that were going on
in the eighties and nineties yeah what
can we do to stop that amnesia cuz I
think that's a big part of this yeah and
I think the culture of journalism should
should put events of the day into some
context now I mean going back to you
know hundreds of years the American
Revolution but even just you know what
was like in the 1990s what was likely
the eighties because likewise who the
economy people are so nostalgic for the
early areas with strong unions and
predictable wages and factory jobs but
you know that was also the era of
double-digit inflation eighteen percent
inflation if you could pay the rent this
year you didn't know whether you could
pay it next year because it it could go
up by and you kind of forget about those
days long lines around the block to
their gasoline so the fear that we'd run
out of heating oil and we feel freeze in
the winter you high rates of poverty
among elderly people that have been
brought down by Social Security so are
just a commentary should look back
they're not ancient history but recent
history yeah what are some of the other
things that are that are hopeful right
now are there are other markers in
society or in science or politics are
there any other trends that you're
seeing right now that you think are
leading us to some positive places well
often you get pleasant surprises
you actually look at trends instead of
headlines mm-hmm and you and I were
talking about just off-camera about a
recent survey that showed that contrary
to the fears of a millennial generation
being intolerant of free speech and then
for that matter the society as a whole
and especially university campuses if
you actually this course this new study
anyway you actually plot the data we ask
people should people who are espousing
controversial beliefs at least be able
to save them it's actually been going up
it's higher among the college educated
than the the less college educated it
spans a range of controversial positions
it's true for Millennials as well as
baby boomers and so that what I myself
even experienced as a kind of dread and
foreboding about a whole generation
being intolerant of competing news turns
out to be probably overblown there a lot
of examples like that and there are
other positive developments I mean the
high school students protesting are
ridiculous gun safety laws that kind of
something that we couldn't have
predicted so recently the the me2
movement has had a lot of excesses and
you know I think that there's much to
criticize on the other hand it's not
okay for women to be preyed upon by
their bosses and that has suddenly
become an issue and probably the society
will on the whole change for the better
because of it I wasn't planning on going
here but since you mentioned it what
would it be a humanistic enlightened way
of looking at guns right now oh yeah
well some of it has to start with with
good data because a lot of our
stereotypes of just you know may be
right might be wrong you know on the
right they believe you have concealed
carry laws then that will reduce crime
on the left there's if we control guns
that will reduce homicide so we got to
be humble and try to get as many studies
as possible to know what will really
make a difference and what won't but in
general the idea that that we're better
off if we're we individually are not the
kind of judge or jury and executioner
right that one of the great advances of
civilization was that you out
justice to a disinterested third party
namely the court system rice and that
the idea that safety comes from
individuals defending their interests
with guns his will in fact almost
certainly has led to high rates of
violence
do you fear though that we couldn't wear
that we often give too much power to the
state I mean I think in in some areas we
do but I think the idea that people
should have guns so that they should
resist the the government you know the
kind of David Koresh and Idaho cults
that is a terrible idea the idea that we
should resist the government with with
guns I mean that's what they do in you
know in Congo that's ivali huh we have
this thing called democracy yeah so if
the government becomes too repressive we
speak out against it we vote we petition
we form organizations the idea that
we're gonna shoot back at the police I
mean that that's nuts
yeah what do you think of the state of
our democracy in general because I think
we're breaking off into these different
factions now where I mean I think some
people genuinely think that you know
this hashtag resistance that were under
this horrific authoritarian regime we
think we don't even have to get into
trumpet specifically if you don't want
but what do you think of just sort of
the the the systems that are in place
the branches of government all of the
the documents that founded this are they
doing all right at the moment so so you
know there are a lot of we by any
standards of world history we live in
fantastic freedom yeah you know I could
say that you know Trump is a and
he's a fascist and I don't worry about
being put in jail and that's a real
something to take yeah not to take for
granted if I said the equivalent in
Turkey I would be put in jail or in
Venezuela is that a little bit of the
short memory on some of the other things
why you need to know history because I
think that all the time I see these guys
all over Twitter vidiians it's amazing
yeah you can say whatever you really can
and we should not take that for granted
it's partly history but also partly
comparisons across countries and then
history remembering fascism and
communist
and looking at regions today like like
turkey and Venezuela and Russia there's
that it the what's not so healthy is
like gerrymandering that obviously
subvert a subversion of democracy the
effects of lobbying and campaign
contributions from the the wealthiest
that can't be a good idea the fact that
our elections dragged on for a year and
depends so much on on a cash is a
problem and there are government
bureaucracies that have gotten too big
and too too many regulations that don't
actually do anything beneficial I don't
think that means that's a call for just
reducing regulation you know that with a
meat cleaver because some regulations
really have done done good we've got
cleaner air we've got less poverty but
we should at least analyze what
government programs are cost-effective
and which ones are just a nuisance and a
drag yeah and even having that
conversation then gets people crazed
where I personally I come from it from a
little more of a libertarian perspective
and I would usually say that these days
we've got people like Alan musk that can
get us to Mars and that can help clean
the environment and green energy and all
of those things where I know there's
just another set of people that think
well we just can't leave it to the
industrialists we have to leave it to
the government that's at least a place
where we can have some respectful yes
agreement that's a that's a great place
to that's the conversation we should be
having and I my views that there has to
be a mix of policy and regulation and a
private enterprise I and and all and
with all the creativity and innovation
and bottom-up diversity that so an
example would be one thing that the
government can do and that private
