[Music]
I'm a first amendment absolutist I
believe in only two things completely
the First Amendment and boobs joining me
today is the host of out kick the
coverage on Fox Sports Radio and a man
who has never never been let down by
boobs Clay Travis welcome to the rubric
Laurie I'm happy yeah that's the best
introduction I've had in a long time
that is well that is your introduction I
knew there was only one way I could do
it and it was gonna have to be about
boobs you like boobs I do in the First
Amendment both in fact when I showed up
today at your place I had on my boobs
and First Amendment shirt that we sold a
lot of at the eye appearance on CNN and
I'd like to say that it was some grand
viral attempt to create a stir and it's
not like I'm a beyond or above that but
no I I've been saying that for years
writing it saying it's not years and st.
the men say it the women and I certainly
didn't think it was going to turn into
the viral sensation that it did yeah but
it did turn into viral yeah I saw you
were trending on Twitter that's like
basically the highest compliment you can
get these days the outrage over it so in
a second we're gonna show some of Brooke
Baldwin's reaction when you said it
truly did you did you have no sense that
anything was gay because I saw a lot of
you see what he did there you see he no
I said it on headline news the day
before
yeah to a female anchor I have said it
on my radio show probably a hundred
times I've written it in my columns yeah
it was it's such like it kind of a words
that I'm used to saying that I just went
to it because it's part of a natural
argument there and I once I saw like
remember when I'm doing that show and
you'll know this but I think a lot of
people listening and viewing will not
when you are I was doing that from my
home studio so I can stare like I'm
staring at you right now I can see how
you react to everything that I say but
in my home studio I have no monitor so I
don't even know who the other person is
that I'm talking with I can just hear
their voices and I can't see her facial
reactions at all but as soon as she
reacted I knew what she was doing I knew
there was somebody in her ear saying
like oh this is Trump's America you got
to go after this guy clay Travis he's a
misogynist he's a boar you know you've
got him you've got to put him in his
place
and so what I do for better or worse is
when people want me to like hit reverse
and back up and apologize
I put the you know pedal to the metal
and go forward full steam so I doubled
down I tripled down I may have even
quadrupled down so once that happened I
knew what she was trying to do yeah I
was her producer in her ear saying you
got to stand up on behalf of all women
or whatever you know some some clearly
artificial reaction on her part I think
yeah because it really kind of torpedoed
the entire segment
I mean professional from her yeah I will
the other guests then sort of bought in
on it too he attends and then I think
you or at least one of your fans
why on earth some of his old tweets
where he said so I mean the idea that
that liking boobs has become
misogynistic yes
shows you how bananas the whole debate
has gone well not only that I mean it's
not like women are surprised at men like
boobs right big business victorious
women Ellie exactly cosmetic surgery the
Victoria's Secret has revolutionized the
bra industry in the last 30 years like
golf clubs right new technology that
comes out so women understand that boobs
are attractive to men right so it's not
like it was somehow like this crazy
thing to say and then she was like I
can't believe you would say that to a
woman I'm like I would say it to a man I
for better or worse here in large
extreme and my wife would say this too I
talked the same to men and women and so
to me expecting that I would change the
way I'm gonna speak because a woman is
interviewing me I would talk to her that
if you were a woman right now I'd be
talking to you the same way that sexism
yo I try to treat everybody the exact
same what may not be great play drive is
an but he's equally an
to everybody if you want to criticize me
for that right you're so right that's
what I used to say about gay marriage
it's like you gotta let people be equal
so that you can treat them as shitty as
everybody else if they don't have to be
as miserable as miserable as my wife
yeah yeah they deserved that right they
absolutely do alright so real quick
we're gonna show just the 45 second or
so reaction from Brooke and we're not
gonna do an hour we can't do it out but
we're not gonna but let's just watch
that real quick and I just want to make
sure I'm hearing you correctly oo
because as a woman I'm I said boobs
I believe completely in the First
Amendment and in boobs those are the
only two things I believe 100% in in
this country and by the way Jamel has
did you notice that he went straight to
that yeah you're absolutely right I live
on national television and with a female
host I say all the time because it's
true and that's what I do because I like
boobs and the First Amendment which is
exactly what I said listen listen Brooke
I think that speaks for itself so the
fake outrage that's the interesting
thing to me and you already hit on this
a little bit but she most likely had
somebody in her ear saying you've got to
stand up for women and all that stuff
do you realize what was happening while
it was happening
again the challenges I don't see the
reaction yeah I knew you know when she
comes back to me and says it spells out
boobs
yeah like again I had the opportunity to
back up but at that point in time I
meant what I said it's not like I'm
gonna say oh I apologize let me throw
myself into the fetal position and beg
for the forgiveness of left and wing
America who's perpetually outraged yeah
and in fact I knew that I was in for a
battle and I I've said this before but I
kind of like being in the center of
media storms you know I feel like
there's a certain peace that comes over
you when you're in the middle of like
and in the arena literally fighting in
the moment yeah I want I reminds me when
I was a kid
Brer Rabbit you know there were a story
like don't throw me in the briar patch
yeah I love being in the briar patch or
you hear pigs like don't get in the mud
with the pig like he likes being in the
mud
I like wallowing around in the mud so I
knew as soon as she cut the interview
short that it was gonna be a viral
sensation right and I've been in enough
in these situations where people choose
sides automatically and they like Oh
clay Travis is awesome Oh Clay Travis
sucks Bravo for CNN CNN sucks I know how
you know sort of bipolar the reaction is
gonna be for lack of a better term and
so I immediately got on Twitter and
tweet it out ESPN just I mean sorry CNN
couldn't just cut my interview short
because I said I love the First
Amendment and boobs I don't remember
what the exact tweet I said was but I
sent that and then I immediately got on
the benefits of having all these media
apparatus ready I immediately got on
periscope and Facebook Alive and told my
side of the story and took it to the
next level and said oh by the way we're
gonna sell First Amendment in boobs
t-shirt
and we're gonna donate the proceeds to
breast cancer awareness which just
throws everybody into an uproar right
because and and and then I think I was a
head of the media storm and I knew the
media storm was gonna come and at that
point in time you can't check your phone
you can't even check Twitter it's just
an onslaught but what I did love was I
got a call from CNN asking me to come on
Monday right and so then I tweeted like
CNN's not outraged you know they want me
to come on Monday as well they left me a
voicemail so I played that voicemail the
next day CNN denies that they left me a
voicemail says that there's no truth to
it and then late that night I get a text
message saying hey this is not gonna
work but I will say this then I've told
this story maybe once or twice but my
wife is downstairs cuz I do everything
out of my out of my house and she and
right before then I've been saying okay
I've got to do this one more interview
it's been a busy week because that had
been a really busy week for us it was
Friday
and I was like we'll be done in the
afternoon we'll chill we'll go out we'll
take the boys out for pizza just have a
chill night yeah and and it's 2:30 in
the afternoon my time whatever it is I
do that hit and my wife just texts me
from downstairs never good when you get
texted by your wife even bother walking
upstairs do I need to put the house on
the market because my wife here my
wife's fear and I think there's probably
a lot of spouses who have lived through
this is that when you're in this middle
of this perpetual outrage machine at
some point the mob wins yeah right and
my argument is I'm gonna fight the mob
for the rest of my wife I like it I
enjoy it I think they're wrong and I'm
right
mm-hmm but I think her fear is at some
point they're gonna come for you and
they're gonna scalp you and they're
gonna win a fight yeah and she when she
saw that she was like this is gonna be
bad for you they're gonna tight cash to
you as a sexist they're gonna say you
hate women and my argument was I know
that's not true
and accusations are insults a levied
against me that I know aren't true if
you want to say I'm racist sexist
misogynistic whatever else and call me
whatever you want
to me I've called myself worse you know
and I probably get called worse by the
people that did I live with how did that
conversation go with your wife because
that's serious I mean that's very stuff
I get it I understand what that means
look she is prepared we watched and I
had a read to go back and read because
Howard Stern's an idol mine so you need
to read what his wife went through
imagine what what life was like for him
and
early 90s to me when you're trying to be
as honest as you possibly can people say
they want honesty but a lot of times
they don't really want they want the
fluff they want the aurait sysm is bad
Oh sexism is bad they don't want you to
actually dive into the nitty-gritty of
details and figure out what the facts
are of a situation and I've always said
that maybe this came to me in law school
I remember a criminal law professor I
had who said there are three things that
matter about every case the facts the
facts and the facts and for what we do I
always find that there's so few people
they don't actually look at the facts
the original documents of a story look
at the basis for what they're basing
their opinion on and in this world that
we live in now everybody's decided what
they believe and a story happens and
everybody just uses it as an excuse to
justify whatever they already believe
facts be damned and I feel like I'm in
the rarity you're in the rarity you sit
back and say okay let's actually look at
the details here and figure out what the
story is before we decide whether it
fits our worldview or not yeah and
what's interesting I think for guys like
us and I think that we are that these
ideas at least are becoming the silent
majority is that in our cases we both
are two-time Obama voters I was a
progressive Gore's presidential campaign
right so we've done that like it's not
you know because after this what it
would interested me so much wasn't just
wasn't just okay the boobs comment yeah
it is what it is you know what I mean
but it's it's the reaction after the
manufacturing of the of CNN the the PR
team inviting you on then Brooke saying
no he's banned forever but just this
machine versus the guy who was invited
on says a line that he always says but
then you you took the power back because
you're like I'll periscope the truth
I'll play the voicemail but then you
also have to deal with all the family
 and all that and it just it shows
you there's a certain David versus
Goliath thing that I just love about it
it's totally true and look when I also
went back if you watch that clip the
other guy who was on there claims that
he's offended by what I said has sent
all sorts of more ridiculous tweets and
my audience that's the other good that's
a beautiful thing that is - yeah the
people who support us love us yeah right
and and that is that is
very gratifying because when you're in
the war all the time when you're in the
battle every day it's good to know
there's some people who have your back
yeah and they may not be able to have
your back in the same public leg that
you or I can because this is what we do
for a living but there's so many people
out there working at companies that
serious jobs that were worried about
being out there in the arena fighting
because they got to protect their family
they got to make the mortgage payment
they got to do everything else but I
think it's it's gratifying to see them
saying hey we support you here but yeah
they went back I didn't do it they went
back and looked through all of his
tweets and started popping me with look
at what this guy said and then they go
back and find the same thing with Brooke
Baldwin Don lemons on there talking
about how great Kathy Griffin's Rack is
on with her he's coming on to show his
nipples on you know New Year's Eve she
doesn't react at all to that nipple net
Kathy Griffin says nipple like six or
seven times no hair like that's the
point I nobody came to me from a
journalistic perspective and I'm far
from a journalist in a grand scheme
right I have an opinion in but when you
have it the discussion going on to me
where she made the biggest error is and
it was great for me because it went
viral millions of people saw it we sold
you know lots of shirts we were asked a
lot of money for breast cancer awareness
it was all positive for me but to me
where she failed is she had an
opportunity to have a serious discussion
about a substantive issue and when you
react to a word which in no way needed
to be reacted to I was on to the next
argument right it was just part and
parcel of my larger argument she allowed
that segment to be derailed in a way
that it didn't need to be
but isn't that so consistent with
everything that this set of people is
doing these days like if she would have
just let it slide or even just it could
have been a three-second maybe that was
the wrong word kind of thing and then
moved on then if this wouldn't have all
happened but what happened after the
truth is clay Travis is bigger so as you
said here the fact remains this all
worked to your advantage because you
like being in the fight you know how to
do it and all that but what does that
tell you about just the general state of
media but also sort of what's happening
with the left that they they so go over
the top that they end up strengthening
all I mean this is what they're doing
with whatever the alt-right is or the
white promises these days are all that
it's like you keep building them yeah
because you you need them in a bizarre
way yeah
they need it and they also are devouring
it's like a snake eating its own tail
right the left devours itself it seems
to me is what is going on here but you
create all of these mountains of oh
there look there have always been racist
people like it I go back in time and say
it's amazing to me that in 2017 while
we're talking the stock market is at an
all-time high unemployment is at an
all-time low
the per-capita income of the average
household has never been higher on an
inflation-adjusted basis in the history
of our nation those are three really
magnificently big facts that should mean
that people in the country are pretty
happy this should be like the late
nineties right like the Bill Clinton was
in charge getting from interns
before like you know I wish he hadn't
gotten a from an intern but
stock markets rolling like it's kind of
good he hasn't taken us to war I didn't
mind the it was I was in GW at the time
at George Washington in an undergrad and
one of the guys that I knew this is a
it's really funny it was even funnier in
social media era but he had been hooking
up with Monica Lewinsky
so it's funny like he's think about the
president's election and who he's having
an affair with she's also sleeping
around that same time maybe not the
exact time but with a random college guy
right
at least JFK was having an affair with
Marilyn Monroe right probably
we're probably gonna find out a lot more
and then there's cuz they're gonna drop
the maybe it maybe that was the reason
he got assassinated but but like at
least he was like with the most famous
woman in the world at the time that's
kind of what you would want to resident
to have an affair with right Bill
Clinton's having an affair with a random
girl who's living in her mom's apartment
in in Watergate which maybe speaks to
Bill Clinton's ability to connect with
everybody who speaks to Hillary Clinton
all sorts of things that could hit yeah
but but to me this is actually a really
good time in the country and so I just
don't buy into this the world of fear
and I think there's so many people out
there that are wrapped up and
encapsulated by their fears every single
day right they're afraid that they're
gonna be that there is violence lurking
everywhere and I know murder is up in
the last couple of years and everything
else but I just think it's a pretty good
time to be in America today and of all
the times that I've been in the
tree-like this is the least racist this
is the least sexist right I mean things
are moving in the right direction and I
feel like the left wing is making it
such that people who might be natural
allies like you were I war no no on like
out there fighting for things
progressive ideals they're making me
take a step back and be like I don't
want to be on this person's side yeah
you know if you're not if you're banning
To Kill a Mockingbird because the n-word
is in it I don't want to be on your side
like that's not a battle that I want to
fight on your behalf and I feel like
they're alienating a lot of
middle-of-the-road people not just
conservatives but lots of
middle-of-the-road people I consider
myself to be a very middle-of-the-road
guy yeah and the left wing is totally
turned me off so I completely agree
obviously and I consider myself to be
pretty Center and right now I have every
week I have someone in here that I agree
with on some stuff and disagree with on
some other stuff I've literally never
sat across from someone that I agree
with whatever really right yeah we must
be the Aristotle and Plato of our time
yeah I guess so you you mentioned right
before we started your your wake up
because as we said you worked on the
gore campaign you voted for Obama twice
and all that so donate money to John
