[Music]
[Music]
alright here we go guys I got a Peterson
I got a Shapiro I got a Weinstein I got
a Reuben I feel I should go to you first
because using the Canadian yeah that's I
saw that movie was pretty bad
alright you're you're on real time
tonight and I thought that it's an
interesting little piece of all of this
because we're sort of all out of the
mainstream but we kind of dance in there
every now and again you probably dance
in there a little more than the rest of
us
you're gonna smack around Marv tonight
or what you know I think that it'll
probably be pretty pretty cordial I mean
I think that Marv is secretly one of us
now maybe I'm wrong but I think I think
that Marv is tired of the I mean his
show was called politically incorrect I
mean I think that he is tired of the
identity politics I think he's tired of
the intersectional nonsense I think that
he wants to have some open conversations
I just think that he is he's tied
politically the left so I'll be
interested to see how much of that he
goes after you know how much Trump talk
there is which I find utterly
uninteresting is that are and how much
of them will be about kind of broader
issues of freedom of speech and and
civility and having decent conversations
I think that he's on the right side of
those issues I mean I've played him on
my show right and I disagreed him on
everything politically but I play clips
of him on my show specifically on those
issues and him cracking the whip on
people on the identity politics nonsense
and I think we're on the same page there
well if he wants to be an effective
advocate for the left he should lead the
March and dissociating the moderate left
from the radical unreasonable left
someone's got to do it because the
strategy that they're abiding by right
now is pretty damn self-destructive and
he's in a good position to do that and I
think he's motivated to do it because he
is a free speech guy being a comedian
and everything
it's risky I think I think you take your
life in your hands if you're the leftist
she says that right now if you're the
person on the Left who does this I mean
you didn't survived but you but that's
I'm retired from the left that's right
you know so you you found it you found a
bunch of new friends right I mean that's
that's really what what people have to
understand is that when you when you
take these positions yes there gonna be
a lot of people who decide that you are
Satan but there's gonna be a whole lot
of people who are your new friends who
are ready to have these conversations
which is why you know again this sort of
IDW determinant that Eric coined is so
fascinating because everyone disagrees
with everyone about nearly everything in
this group but because we don't want to
shut down the conversation it's created
this whole audience for every one of us
like each one of us our audiences in
creased tremendously just by being part
of conversations with one another so
that's that's it to me what is it you
guys think about us and this wider what
I do just the awesomeness of the
amazingness and all that but like but
like minded people we just happen to be
the examples that are sitting here that
it is for all the differences that we've
talked about on gay marriage and
abortion and death penalty and all of
these things that I know we all have
various disagreements on why are we all
okay
with that and so many people outside of
this seem to not be okay well I think it
has to do with the fact that most of us
are confident there's a sort of a
principle of faith in rationality that
I'm not that worried about a lot of the
things that the far left is very
concerned about because I have an idea
that more or less if you do the reason
correctly the reason incorrectly
everything is going to work out pretty
much okay and I think that we have the
dexterity in changing our minds
admitting them when we're wrong when
we've changed a perspective and stealing
each other's ideas and and giving credit
so that I have a sense that if I'm you
know Ben and I have not gone toe to toe
on abortion for example and I have an
idea of the outlines of his position he
probably has some idea of mine but my
guess is is that he's not going to go
bananas on spermicide and I'm not going
to be advocating for the right to abort
a child a day before it's due date and
except for extraordinary circumstances
and well and even then I'm not sure but
I think what it is is a certain kind of
confidence that you can allow the other
person in a discussion to actually have
a genuine position and that you can
contend with it and what we need to do
is to push out more of the cognitive
Lego that gives us that confidence to
more people so that they can say I don't
need to fear the disco you know
pro-choice and pro-life or both really
limited positions in my opinion and it's
just an example of one of many things
that we have we have gained the
confidence with each other that we it's
not going to devolve into name-calling
if everybody plays in an honest fashion
and uses the full capacity
that's where it is I mean the honest
fashion things I think what counts I
asked Sam about this earlier says just
doing podcast Sam right because we all
hang out together got really seven
people lunch with his mother was more
important than us but you know what what
I asked him about this and what Sam said
is that he thinks that what what has
changed is that there's there's a bunch
of us who are not interested in the
stupidest version of the argument right
so if if if I want to hear an a a
pro-choice argument I want to hear the
most sophisticated version of the
pro-choice argument then see if I make
an argument against that I don't want
the simplistic version of the pro-choice
argument just so I can knock down the
simplistic version of the pro-choice yes
it makes for a great Ben Shapiro
destroys video but it's more fun for me
like personally I really much more enjoy
engaging with the best ideas that
somebody else has to offer then engaging
with the the worst ideas that you can
pick out of a hand what's really well so
I mean one of the things that was useful
for me for example in this portrayed
discussion with Sam is that my arguments
my arguments are better now than they
were and you might say well why do you
care if your arguments are better and
the reason I care about whether my
arguments are better is because I know
that my arguments are part of the
toolkit that I use to operate
effectively in the world like arguments
aren't just some abstraction that you
hold that's disconnected from your
actions in the world and if my arguments
are more fine-tuned and sharper and if I
am able to and to account for a wider
range of phenomena because someone has
put forward facts that were hard for me
to incorporate then my toolbox is much
more efficient and I can operate more
effectively in the world so I find it
well it's a it's a variant of your
position it's like I want to hear the
best versions of the arguments that run
counter to mine because I'd like to
figure out where I'm wrong and I'd like
to make what I'm doing better and that's
more important to me it is literally
more important to me than making sure
that what I already know is right like
I'm confident in what I know but I also
know that I could do a better job of
expressing it that it could be it could
be the system could be more dynamic it
could take more think more things into
account like I've got plenty to learn
and a real discussion with someone who
objects to you that's where you learn so
so I think apparently I would say that I
think there's pretty easy test which is
when someone catches you out on a part
of the argument that you've made that
you that you know was flawed and someone
catches you out do you smile or you get
angry right thing it really is almost
that easy because the truth is that
there is something fun about the idea of
having to rethink your position and
something adventurous about the idea
that you haven't thought everything
through that there are these new vistas
of thought that maybe you haven't
considered before and it does hone you
it makes you better at it and it also
allows you to listen life is funny and
it's funny that we're flawed human
beings that our logic is flawed so
there's certain humors the idea that
somebody is exposing a rift in your
thinking that you now have to deal with
it's well we like fun if you if you were
just a stone all the time it would be
really boring we kind of got there cuz
when we did the abortion discussion my
position basically I think is similar to
yours which is that at 20 weeks where
they've shown that the fetus can feel
pain that to me is the cutoff I describe
myself as grudgingly pro-choice but you
said to me well if you're acknowledging
that it's a life at 20 well then it's
obviously in a life at 18 now to be
completely cogent in my argument I have
to concede that point to you it didn't
it didn't move me to tell you that I'm
gonna now agree with you on this on what
the policy should be but we can do that
and we didn't punch each other after and
and it's alright it wouldn't you know
and then what if somebody comes in and
says well you know life or not life is a
boolean and the problem is in computer
science is one of casting which is if
you if you make it afloat and you're
talking about the degree of life or the
meaning of the life or the quality of
the life does that change things and so
you know this idea about may I break
your frame well I'd prefer if we stayed
in it for a little while but then let's
explore that in a second and so there's
sort of a generosity of spirit argument
and I think that quite frankly one of
the strangest things about this group of
people is that I find it spectacularly
non-ego ik in terms of when we have a
dinner I don't have a sense that anybody
needs to lead I mean it's as close as
I've seen like a round table where the
sheer pleasure of talking to people at a
time in a time this is a McCarthy like
time
and we have I feel so happy to be at a
table in which I can talk about things
that are troubling me or bring out
something I worry that says something
negative about myself that I'm having
these thoughts that nobody wants to be
booted out of the group by virtue of
grandstanding and I think that that that
kind of it's really interesting watching
people who would be thought of as being
highly ago.if behaving in an ongoing
fashion it's all I think that part of
that too is one of the things Dave and I
have talked about and the technology is
enabling this is that because I've
looked at this group and thought well
why in the world did it ever get
categorized as a group because it's a
strange group and there's some there's
some reasons pretty much everybody who's
in it is entrepreneurial in the
fundamental sense and that everybody's
created their own little domain and it's
kind of hard to knock them over because
they're in their domain so we're not
reliant in some important sense on
external funding let's say to to to to
enable us to continue so that gives us a
certain amount of freedom but another
part of it is that as far as I can tell
everybody who's participated believes
that their audience is intelligent and I
think that that's also a reflection of
that it's it's it's not lack of
intellectual self-confidence it is lack
of commitment to your set of ideas as
long as if they're axiomatically true
but that spills over to the attitude
towards the audience like I don't feel
that I'm there to tell my audience a
bunch of things that they need to know
that I already know when I'm conducting
my tour it's like well here's a bunch of
ideas that I'm confused about still and
I'm going to use this as an opportunity
to explore them and I'm gonna explore
them with you and you guys are going to
come along for the ride and that's going
to be good for everyone I really saw
that with Harris in Vancouver because we
had a well as high level of an
intellectual discussion as we could
manage and I would say it was
approximately at the same level as a
good PhD defense when when the defense
is going well and the audience was with
us the whole way and they're
participating in this discourse process
far more important to participate in the
process of discourse than to specify the
outcome and the audience had made that
decision and abided by it while we were
while we were doing this I think that
that's that is the difference between
yeah I think that's why like Joe Rogan
for exam
it's so popular when I listen to Joe I
know he's going on an intellectual
journey that's going to take three hours
I don't know where the destination is
gonna hurry but I know the returnees
gonna be a lot of fun yeah but I think
that that's that's what makes for
success in this in this field and so
much of our politics so much of our
intellectual life has become what you're
talking about standing on a stage and
people yelling at you what you ought to
think if you're a good person
it's no fun Joe does the same thing that
great authors do it's like a distinction
between Dostoevsky inane Rand it's like
you know we're round is going to end
right from the beginning whereas if you
read a dusty esky novel you have no damn
idea where that's going to come out and
neither did he so he was exploring the
ideas and formulating them as he went
along
and that's true art and now that is what
Rogen does is that you know and and he's
very good at that because he's a smart
guy who isn't afraid of the fact that
there's a whole bunch of things he
doesn't know and so he can lead people
on that journey and the journey is more
important than to use a terrible cliche
the journey is more important than the
destination
I think Maria's a tiny time we have to
get on to other points but the one thing
I would add which is a dangerous idea is
that I think there is a concept of good
diversity and bad diversity which is not
understood in the general population
good diversity is when you have a
collection of people with different
ideas and they're somehow complementing
each other and checking each other and
people are backing down and seeing
things that they wouldn't have seen
because you're walking around the
elephant from all the different sides
and seeing all the different components
bad diversity is something like two
people grow up in different countries
one one drives on the left side of the
road one drives on the right side of the
road and the idea that you decide that
everybody should be able to drive on the
same side of the road that they grew up
on and so instead of everybody getting
to a really interesting panel you've got
a lot of auto accidents and nothing
really interesting happens and so I
think it's very important to be honest
that there is a lack of diversity about
what constitutes conversation and I
think that that's a very troubling thing
because we there's no precedent for
discussing bad diversity at the moment
which is I would much rather listen to
to theologians talking and building up
some high structure and to
atheist astrophysicists talking about
the same thing than having two
conversations of an atheist and an
astrophysics where each of them keeps
tearing down each other starting
assumptions and you come back eight
hours later and nothing has been
achieved but does that kind of explain
your success in a way because probably
four years ago when conservatives were
basically only talking to conservatives
the way the left seems to only be
talking to itself these days you started
doing a little of this and I would
venture to guess that you probably in a
way feel more comfortable with this crew
who you disagree with on a gajillion
things then probably when you're hanging
out with just a bunch of conservatives
that you're like yeah we all agree on
this stuff my name is you know I think
that the the idea that I the fun
conversations are the ones where you're
surprised and I think we have yet to
have a group conversation or even a
conversation one-on-one because we all
talk you know one-on-one to each other
to wear something surprising doesn't get
said and that makes everything a lot
more interesting and fun too right now I
gotta say everything is so boring like
for all the chaos everything is so
boring because it just it breaks down
into a truly you mail order it really it
really is just everybody feels like
everything is spun out of control but
everybody's hunkered down in their own
bunker and so everything comes down to
Trump is always right or Trump is always
wrong and we're all supposed to revolve
around this this black hole that is
Trump or this Sun that is Trump and he's
the center of gravity I don't think most
people live their lives thinking about
these problems the whole Trump attack
and Trump defense thing is really dull I
mean when I went on Mars show there was
the YouTube part afterwards and the
panelists with the exception of me were
tearing Trump apart and I was sort of
watching that from the outside in some
sense partly because I'm in Canadian and
I thought well first of all it's just
not that interesting that you can list
Trump's faults it's like you and you and
my crazy neighbor it's like why you're
not bringing anything to the table doing
that it's too easy and then of course
the other problem is while by going
after Trump you're going after his
supporters hypothetically speaking and
of course that's 50% of your population
which turns out to be a very big
strategic problem for you you know now
and in the future so it is dull and and
and I don't I don't think people are
people would rather have a
a more interesting conversation that's
what we can offer to Sonu so that's what
I want where I wanted to take this how
do we I mean we we hit on this a little
bit in the first two hours but how do we
do that now how do we lay I think we're
already laying out a more interesting
conversation but how do we also lay out
something that doesn't make everyone
feel horrible because that is a lot of
what's going on here all these people
that are showing up to your events
they're going wow what a reprieve I mean
I haven't been able to do that
politically I wouldn't say I mean what
I've been suggesting to people is that
as intolerable as they find their lives
for reasons that are arbitrary and
self-inflicted there are things that
they could do at the individual level
that will make a radical improvement
they're difficult things there are
things that require the adoption of
responsibility and vision and the
willingness to to speak your partial and
imperfect truth but if you put that into
practice there is an OP now one of the
things that needs to be done in the
political sphere is to delineate what
that up might look like politically you
know to give people something that's
positive to strive for it well I
mentioned earlier that I see that to
some degree in the burgeoning literature
that's suggesting that many things
