and before we start discussing
philosophy and the human soul house
money has to work hi it's wonderful to
have this forum here I'm so excited I
actually started with a dinner we had in
Atlanta and the idea of bringing Dave
and Jordan Peterson here came about and
actually happened so I'm just gonna
introduce not take too much time of the
people standing here sitting here sorry
I'll start with Jordan Peterson dr.
Peterson is a professor at the
University of Toronto was nominated for
the prestigious Levinson teaching Prize
when he was a professor at Harvard and
is regarded by his current University of
Toronto students and colleagues as one
of three truly life-changing teachers
dr. Peterson is prominent a prominent
intellect international speaker and a
public personality Dave Rubin mr. Rubin
is a talk show host comedian and a TV
personality is the host of the Rubin
report a talk show about big ideas and
free speech
they've has been heralded for his person
but it politically incorrect an honest
approach to discussing complex issues
and current events focusing on politics
religion and the media dr. Ian Brooke is
the chairman of the board of the enuine
Institute and he's the co-author with
Don Watkins of the pursuit of wealth
equal is unfair in their national
bestseller of free market revolution in
2012 he is the host of the Iran Brooks
show on blog talk radio and Greg Salieri
dr. salmieri teaches philosophy at
Rutgers II Rutgers University
and he's a fellow at the anthem
foundation for Objectivist scholarships
and co security of the Iran Society he's
a co-editor of the companion to Iran in
the Blackwell companion to philosophy
series welcomed those for and one word
about the person who made it possible
generous board member of the INA
Institute and thank you to high ground
sorry high road productions for making
this happen so here we go
all right so first off to begin we are
live-streaming this on my channel and as
I'm sure many of you guys saw I was on
Joe Rogan's show a couple weeks ago and
we talked a little bit about objectivism
and he said that you guys are very
serious people that you're you're very
serious people so I need you guys to go
absolutely bananas for the thousands and
ultimately hundreds of thousands of
people that will be watching this at
home can you make some noise
look at you guys you crazy Objectivist
alright you're such an when you're such
a negative influence babe I've never
seen them like this last night last time
I didn't event with you guys we had the
whole audience screaming out George
Carlin 7 dirty work
that's true I don't know if we're gonna
do that at all ok so we're gonna do
about an hour and a half with you guys
and we're gonna throw in some Q&A it's
obviously completely uncensored and in
the spirit of free speech and
individuality that you guys are talking
about here at this conference
so Jordan we've been on tour now for
almost two months and we have a little
break right now but I thought why don't
we just dive right back into all the
things we've been talking about so much
of your your tour for your 12 rules for
life book has been about the role of the
individual so before we get too deep in
into philosophy and and some of the
other things I thought that would be the
right place to start because that's sort
of what unifies all four of us up here
yeah well I've been making the case I
suppose or or developing the argument
and this is an argument everybody knows
to some degree although I don't think
we've done a very good job of
articulating it over the last few
decades that you know it's it's no
secret that our free societies or the
free societies of the world are
predicated on the idea of the sovereign
individual right and that's that's the
that's the place where political power
ultimately resides or let's say
political authority but and it's also in
some sense the derivation source of the
idea of rights the fact that the
individual is sovereign the individual
has inalienable rights and we talked a
lot about rights in our society and way
too much as far as I'm concerned not
that they're not important but they're
secondary because the fundamental issue
of import with regards to individual
sovereignty isn't rights it's
responsibility I mean first of all you
could make a case that your rights are
my responsibility and vice versa
so there's a parallelism between rights
and responsibilities but even more
importantly if the intake
the state is dependent on the integrity
of the individual and and and that's the
argument that's implicit in the idea
that the individual is sovereign then
it's obviously the case that the
individual has a great responsibility
and it's a responsibility that's of
Incred incredible importance because
it's not just limited to you it's it's
you you acting responsibly actually
constitutes the bedrock of the state and
so so that's an interesting issue it
means that you're required in some sense
to take responsibility or the entire
state will shake and I think that's true
for everyone but more interestingly I
think this is a more interesting
argument in some sense is that you need
a meaning to sustain you through life or
you need meaning perhaps not AB meaning
you need meaning to sustain you through
life because life is bitterly difficult
and and and and an ultimately
challenging mortally challenging for
that matter and you need a meaning to
sustain you through that so that it
doesn't embittered you and turn you into
a victim let's say and it's pretty
obvious to me and I think obvious to
anyone when they think it through
that virtually everything that you
derive genuine meaning from and I mean
the kind of meaning that will sustain
you when times are difficult I don't
mean casual happiness even though
there's nothing wrong with happiness
what the the meaning that will sustain
you through the tragedy of life is
always to be found in the adoption of
responsibilities and the people that you
admire spontaneously and I don't think
there's an exception to this unless
you're a little on the psychopathic side
and I mean that technically you you feel
I do I mean I mean it technically it's
like it's a hallmark of psychopathy I
would say generally speaking you admire
yourself to the degree that you do when
you're at least taking care of yourself
at least that and maybe when you have a
little responsibility left over for your
family and maybe some to spill over for
the broader community and certainly the
people that you spontaneously admire in
your in your fellow men are people who
at minimum our accounting further
for the burden of themselves at minimum
that but then who have excess capacity
and devote that to the proper care of
their family in their community and so I
don't think that we've done a good job
of laying out the meaning equals
responsibility equation and it's it's
vitally important and I think it's very
helpful for people to learn that lots of
people have told me that that that you
know that they've been getting their
lives together and digging them out of a
selves out of a nihilistic and hopeless
hole and doing that by understanding
that the meaning they need to sustain
them is to be found through the adoption
of the maximum responsibility they can
sustain and so well that's that's become
clearer to me over the course of these
last let's say 50 lectures so Greg I saw
you nodding along there a lot can you
put some of this within an Objectivist
frame yeah well I mean not to plug but I
gave a talk that actually the event that
I met you act called taking
responsibility for your happiness I
think I have a bit of a different view
of happiness and you do and and Rann has
different when you then you do where
what I mean by happiness isn't the
transient joy or emotion you could feel
in a moment but the the state of being
the state of emotion that comes from
accomplishing achieving your values
having taken responsibility set yourself
goals and leading a life where you're
achieving those goals over time and I
think that's what ethics is about I
think that's what gives meaning to life
and I a really deep part of that is
taking responsibility for yourself I
would I a little bit bristle at the idea
of saying that responsibility is more
important than rights or the reverse I
think they're they're issues that come
up at a different tier so I think taking
responsibility for yourself as a matter
of ethics it's a matter of how you live
your own life it's a matter of how you
lead a life worth living and be happy
and have meaning I think those go
together but then rights are the
conditions that we need when we organize
as a society to make everybody able to
do that not to be in front impinging on
each other and if we don't all value our
own lines and happiness if we're not all
taking responsibility or at least if
many of us aren't we're not going to
have a society
cares about rights and they're gonna go
away and so in that sense I agree we
need to have this shift to talking about
ethics and what we want to make of our
lives each of us yeah I mean when we
talk about the individual I think one of
the points that needs that's important
to make is the individually supporting
partially because that's all we got
right in a sense all you got is
individuals we can talk about society
but society is just a collection of
individuals it's starting point both in
ethics and in politics has to be the
unit of value the unit that actually
exists the metaphysical value the unit
that exists not the abstraction that we
call the state or society what's
important is the ability of the
individual to live a good life to take
responsibility for his own life his own
happiness for his own success for his
own flourishing so the individual is is
is everything when it comes in my view
in morality and and and and then as an
extension in politics and I think rights
are the concept that recognize that is
it's the bridge rights of the bridge
between a morality that says your moral
responsibility is to make the most of
your life and then what kind of
political system should we live in Kent
should we live in to make that possible
and rights recognizes that the enemy of
the good life the enemy of flourishing
the enemy of success at living is
coercion and force it's it's the group
the states the the community are the
people other individuals cursing for
being authoritarian over you telling you
how you must live and how you must act
and rights recognize that as individuals
we have freedom we must be free to use
our own judgments to live our own lives
as we see fit and and that's the great
revolution of the Enlightenment is is
the recognition of the sanctity of the
individual and creating a political
system that allows the individual to
flourish and to thrive by protecting him
from coercion by protecting him for
force and and relegating the state to
that duty the responsibility of the
state is
patek rights to protect you from force
so it seems to me that the battle
between the individual and the
collective is a battle that has been
fought for virtually every Society for
all time however there does seem to me
at least and maybe it's just because I'm
alive right now and doing what I do that
there's something unique about the
battle at the moment that the individual
has been slammed so relentlessly and
that we have ideas out there now that
for for young people that they think
that socialism is cool I mean that seems
to be coming back right I mean these are
these are ideas that I think are really
crazy but I'm happy to indulge in in the
discussion about them do you think
there's anything unique about the the
battle between the individual and the
collective right now or is this just a
repeating of what's gone on I think I
think it's before I think I mean there's
always something unique about each
historical moment but I I think this is
this is been a continuous argument for
the last hundred and thirty years like
as a technical philosophical argument
and and of course it has roots that go
back much farther than that I don't see
I mean it is collectivism versus
individualism I think the fundamental
polarizing force that's that's it's
that's at work at the moment and the
issue with the collectivist types is
whether or not they're collectivist
because they care about the dispossessed
which is their fundamental claim or
whether they're collectivist because
they don't want to bear any of the
responsibilities that would go along
with being a responsible individual and
you know I'm always skeptical of the of
the saint-like moral claims that are put
forth by people who are pushing and
given ideology and now I'm skeptical
about that on my part two of the people
who criticized my perspective say look
dr. Peterson you're not or maybe they
call me something a lot less they say
you're not you're not you're you're
you're under estimating the degree to
which systemic barriers make it
impossible for people to move forward
properly in the world there's there's
barriers to the progress that people can
make even if they bare individual
responsibilities and those barriers are
distributed unequally and of course
there's some truth in that because
every system tends towards rigidity and
tyranny and no system does a perfect job
of selecting among its people for pure
competence but there's a difference
between saying that a system is somewhat
corrupt which is certainly the case with
Western systems and the system is an
absolutely corrupt tyrannical patriarchy
with no hope of redemption whatsoever it
needs to be burned to the ground and
reformulated those are really different
and you know it's it's also possible to
be sensible and say well look I mean
obviously the manner in which people are
selected for success in our society is
imperfect but also to know well
imperfect compared to what exactly like
to your hypothetical utopian perfection
which you would self generate if you
were given ultimate power because that's
really the comparison or to our
societies in the past because we're
doing a lot better now than we were or
compared to every other society that's
ever existed since the dawn of time by
which standard we're doing so insanely
well that it's actually almost
unbelievable and and this is another
thing that I've been trying to promote I
mean there's been at least a dozen books
written in the last six or seven years
by fairly serious scholars and I would
say distributed across the the the
political spectrum pointing out that
like ever since the year 2000 things are
getting better so fast that it's
actually a miracle you know and I can
give you some quick facts so the rate of
absolute poverty in the world fell by by
50 percent between the year 2000 and
2012 so that's a staggering achievement
it was three years faster than the most
optimistic projections of the UN so we
actually beat in optimistic UN
projection so there are more well that
submits absolutely beyond belief there
are more forests in in in the northern
hemisphere now than there were a hundred
years ago the child mortality rate in
Africa is now lower than it was in
Europe in 1950 which is just beyond
belief the fastest growing economies in
the world are in sub-saharan Africa
about 300,000 people I can't remember if
it's a day or a week but it doesn't
matter although it would be better if it
was a day obviously our being plugged
into the electrical grid so increasingly
people have universal access to fresh
water there's almost no country in the
world now where starvation is a problem
that isn't just a political problem
which is to say we have enough food for
everyone and not only do we have enough
food we have the distribution systems
that are actually getting that food to
everyone it's absolutely beyond belief
and what's what's quite remarkable about
that is it's quite obvious that
individually that like that free market
systems predicated on the idea of the
sovereignty of the individual are the
reason that that's happening so
so the question is what the hell are the
collectivists up to yeah why are they
like what's the problem here and the
problem the problem seems to be a
certain amount of ignorance a certain
amount of willful blindness and a
certain amount of discomfort with the
fact that a fair bit of that wealth has
been purchased at the price of a
continuing inequality we don't know how
to generate wealth without also
generating inequality and I actually
don't think that you can generate wealth
without generating inequality and that's
well that's something that's worth
endlessly discussing I think you're
allowed might have a little sign to say
about it yeah I mean I like to say in
brief write inequality is a feature of
freedom not a bug it just comes with
freedom you're absolutely right you
cannot create wealth without any
qualities and there's nothing wrong with
inequality there's nothing bad about
inequality there's nothing I've modeled
the offensive about inequality and in
particular given that what happens is
that everybody's getting richer hmm
everybody gets rich so they just get
rich at a different pace and the reason
they get rich at a different pace it's
because they're producing different
quantities of value the people who
actually get very rich in a free market
now we don't have a pure free market and
all kinds of problems with the system we
have but in a free market you only gain
those values that you produce Jeff visa
says that we is the richest person in
the world because how many of you shop
on Amazon everybody right so there's a
reason he's produced values that have
affected almost every human being on the
planet and and that's that that is why
he you know you're so wealthy so if the
whole inequality debate is is to try to
drive people towards envy the whole
inequality debate is to try to undercut
the the idea of freedom because what
they're really after is not would you
see inequality what they're really after
is eliminating freedom it's the same
people who used to advocate for an
ideology of communism or socialism now
that's been discredited so they have to
call it something else
Joe Stiglitz
the Nobel Prize winner in economics is
not gonna come out for communism but in
a sense he views that as the mall ideal
you can't get there it's rough there's a
little to violence too much blood for
his taste he's an economist after all
right so so inequalities are nice
disguise so we want to reduce inequality
and might debates with people who talk
about any quality say about how much
well well know when we get there who oh
now who gets to decide how we gonna vote
how much are we gonna take and why why
just monetary inequality I mean babes a
good-looking guy it's a lot of it's a
lot of hairspray man I mean how do how
do we how do we do that how do we you
know they've been experiments in trying
to equal us in the book we give the
example of course of the tragedy of the
horrific tragedy of Cambodia in the
