joining me today is the author of the
orphan X novels a comic book writer
whose work includes Batman Wolverine and
The Punisher and a guy trying to save
the Democrats Greg Hurwitz how's it
going it's good to see you oh that's the
scariest one you can write all the
thriller novels you watch worse than the
rogues gallery it's worse than any
Batman villain or evil fury I've ever
heard trying to save the Democrats but
you're trying we're gonna get to that in
a little bit so there's a lot I want to
do here with you
let's talk orphan X first I'm a little
bit just about your work what got you
into rulers you know the only thing I
ever wanted to do is write thrillers and
my parents did not let me watch TV when
I was growing up unless there was Alfred
Hitchcock movie on or the Red Sox were
all my dad's from Boston so that was
religion and so all that I did was read
and so I was like climbing the
bookshelves to get to you know jaws on
the top shelf and Stephen King I mean I
was just into all that stuff by by fifth
grade and I was obsessed with it and I
still remember reading Salem's Lot like
under my bed with a flashlight I was 25
years old yeah but my parents were out
and I remember just being terrified and
just thinking it's it's insane to me
that this guy Stephen King can take a
combination of familiar words and put
them together in an unfamiliar way and
elicit this much emotion in me yeah this
is the only thing I wanted to do so I
started to write these mysteries with
like crayon illustrations at that age
and I went to college studied English
and psychology that's where I met Jordan
because I thought that'd be the best
combination of majors and I started my
first novel when I was when I went to
Harvard yeah
hey College you could say this place in
Cambridge yeah and so basically I
started my first book when I was 19 and
then I got supremely lucky and sold it
you know and kind of never had to have a
real job yeah does that is that how it
feels to you still like a job like when
I was just looking through your
Wikipedia today and all the cool things
that you've done and all the comic books
that I've grown up you know reading
the characters that everybody cares
about it doesn't it doesn't feel real it
so I can't believe I get paid to do it
like I love it so much I sort of wake up
and float down the hall to my office on
a you know barge of gratitude I just
it's so great and the comics were blast
I mean the comics are like when you get
into Marvel in DC it's like that super
rich kid who used to live up the street
from you had all the best toys and you
could go to their house and play with
their toys
yeah that's Marvel and DC yes like do
you wanna I still remember my first call
for more of all the editor-in-chief was
a very good friend axel Alonso was a fan
of some of my books and called and said
you can have sort of any character from
the Marvel vaults oh man and I had to be
super calm and cool and collected but my
inner geek boys do the cartwheels I know
you love this stuff and it's like it's
in our cells and so I said you know I
want to do the Punisher because the
Punisher was the end-all be-all there's
a lot of Punisher in orphan ax2 I mean
you can a lot of Batman you can see this
and basically I wound up writing that
they wanted someone from outside of
comics because Garth Ennis had completed
his legendary run and they wanted to
kind of reboot it and I still remember I
have this totally surreal experience
where I went to the bookstore right here
in Ventura I'm sorry the comic book shop
and I could no longer buy my favorite
comic because I was writing it like I
already knew what what happened and it
was completely wow that's real comic
book in there somewhere I was wild yeah
so are you more of a Marvel guy or a DC
guy I'm to ask I don't know that you
legally can answer that
you're more Marvel yeah I'm more of a
mark yeah I am more Marvel with the
exception of Batman I mean I love Hulk
Spider I was a hardcore spider-man like
you know and I had every Punisher
appearance what I make of sort of the
way the movies have gone down because
it's so clear that Marvel has just
figured out how to do these movies
correctly and at least from my opinion
DC all the Wonder Woman the standalone
it was good like they just can't quite
practice right although the original
Batman yeah the Christian Bale that
means well yeah well those Batman's so I
wrote Batman The Dark Knight that you
have here so I my Batman series it was
very much it has an homage to those
films it wasn't the mean Batman title
just Batman who's Batman The Dark Knight
and I was very focused on reinventing
the villains I love villains and I love
dealing with darkness and giving them a
very legitimate viewpoint which is
probably part of the perspective
shifting that I think that I'm capable
of doing in politics I can see a lot of
other sides and a lot of valid reasons
for it well I can also see this is why
you can you know do some things with
Jordan because he always talks about you
have to give the devil his due and I
guess you really have to do that if
you're gonna write a good villain right
oh yeah I mean the bad guy never thinks
he's the bad guy right so it's like the
more I think younger writers and me
included you know my early stuff it's
like the worst possible serial killer
villain you think that makes your guy a
better force for good and what you
realize is if you can actually build a
steel man instead of a straw man like
someone who has a reason rationale and
worldview that we almost start to relate
to as a villain like it's right there
mm-hmm and then your guide defeats him
even through that chaos and ambiguity
that actually accrues way more
positively to your protagonist than if
he's just you know tracking serial
killers all day yeah serial killers
inherently aren't that interesting from
a narrative perspective because it's
like why did he do it oh he's insane you
know if you can find people with a real
rationale which is what I do for it's
what I really do in the orphan axis but
I did that with penguin with scarecrow
with you know the Mad Hatter I tried to
give them an inner life that shows the
reflection mm-hmm of Batman it's sort of
like that Buffalo Bill wasn't really the
interesting bad guy in Silence of the
Lambs
it was Hannibal Lecter right like the
psychopath yeah there were the
straight-up murdering psychopath oh yeah
it was more about the the intricacies of
the psychological piece well in that
structured like a love story right
that's a love story between Hannibal
Lecter and Clarice Starling mm-hmm
right didn't end that well for well well
for them it did for them it did I didn't
end that well for the guy I mean yeah
there's a dance and there's a flirtation
and so it's very much about them you
know it's this very weird twisted foray
into intimacy between two opposite
parties and so it's structured out like
a romance
we should recut that as a rom-com
I'm sure somebody's done that dude
somewhere so for somebody that's
interested in stories and these
archetypal characters and as you know
I'm on tour with Jordan Peterson right
now how much truth do you think people
can get out of these stories because
Jordan's always talking about you know
the truth that you can extrapolate from
religious stories but then also does
relate it that you can get truth from
well-written fiction like you know he
talks about Harry Potter a lot or the
story of Pinocchio or just different
things when you're writing these things
are you really keeping that in mind yeah
you know that's a really interesting
question I mean I I believe I'm a
hardcore young yet I mean I first
studied young under Jordan my my thesis
if anybody like if ambien doesn't work
my thesis was 14 and Jungian analysis
from Shakespearean tragedy I mean I
posit that Shakespeare was his tragedies
are like perfect thrillers right they're
highly structured convention boundary
interpretations of past themes that are
narrative ly driven of lust intrigue and
murder designed to appeal the broadest
possible cross-section of people but I'm
a hardcore Jungian in that I do believe
that the hero myth is as essential and
evolutionarily selected as opposable
thumbs and eyelids like you can find a
tribe cut off from all human contact
buried deep in the Amazon and you know
they're gonna have opposable thumbs you
know they're gonna have eyelids and you
know that they're gonna have a hero myth
with all the constituent parts so then
the question is well why and so what I
believe is that I mean what I believe
what what Jung believes what Jordan
talks about a lot is that there's
essential wisdom that's embedded then in
my mind is more is a more real truth
than the kind of truths that we deal
with on the surface in a lot of ways of
how to contend with the unknown both
internally and externally so you buy in
if we were looking at this sort of Sam
Harris Jordan debate on this you buy
Jordans version of that that it's beyond
just fact that can give us truth it's
that there has to be some other sort of
story on top of that yes I think we're
story processing and story making
machines yeah that you can't get value
out of just fact alone basically yeah I
mean you need to you need to embed
something
in some archetypal structure so I always
think of it like we're preconditioned to
have and you know it's complicated
because people think when you talk about
the Jungian collective unconscious
people think that like somewhere
floating in our prefrontal cortex is the
notion of a wizened old woman as
representing wisdom but I don't think
it's that I think that there's a story
engine that is selected that drives
people to say okay I need a
representation for wisdom so if you look
around your village or your city or your
community that will tend to land on
somebody who's older like it's ingrained
in them so you there's different choices
that happen I don't believe that that
there's sort of essential specifics that
are floating in our head but the
mechanism to make to make meaning is in
there and the mechanism to look at
different things that are in the world
around us and to plug in symbols and to
make them construct a certain way and
that's why if you look at like the Epic
of Gilgamesh it's a direct overlay for
The Terminator
right I mean so there's all these
overlaps and nuance between the ways
that we're used to processing story yeah
what do you make of the fact that it
seems like the only thing we can
seemingly do right in Hollywood these
days is make superhero movies is there
some like extra meaning to that right
now like we're making blockbuster after
blockbuster or at least Marvel is just
blowing it out of the water with all
these things and we don't seem to be
making a lot of new original stories
anymore well I'm a little I'm divided on
that I mean my favorite movie last year
was Wind River I don't know if you saw I
didn't say that I think I heard of it
Taylor Sheridan is the writer director
he also wrote hell or high water and he
wrote Sicario okay he's amazing
so there's interesting work that's being
done I mean I think there's a
preponderance of superhero stuff because
as we are sort of laying waste to some
of the structures that have protected us
in a lot of ways it's sort of the new
gods in the new mythology I mean in the
case of Thor literally right and so I
think that it's there it's this overlay
for us to contend with and make meaning
with with bigger symbols in our life I
mean it's so weird I love Batman right
you're a Batman guy too yes by being a
Marvel guy yeah but it was so funny cuz
out the other day and there was a guy
with like a Batman wallet and a Batman
tattoo and a Batman shirt and I was like
we're
grown man what are we doing what does
mean right mean you have a wallet it's
sort of like is it that different than
having a cross around your neck like why
are we if you like it if you like a
comic if you like a movie why are we
necessarily like in graining that in our
skin right and having that be in our on
our clothes like why would we wear this
with a shield and I think there's a lot
of a sort of religious overlay to what
these represent yeah well the stories
write these stories of good and evil in
the way Star Wars at least the originals
affected me or the way now I mean you
can get so much truth and interesting
deep profound psychological thought out
of the the original Batman trilogy it's
incredible yeah well good and evil and
laying waste to the world I mean that
Heath Ledger Joker is just a
manufacturing yeah well so it's funny so
you look at there's sort of we have a
direct line with Star Wars in some ways
because you have a young who has a
fairly impenetrable cannon like he's not
breathing reading you know you can read
Freud and the case studies read like
short stories I mean so it's obvious for
me in hindsight why studied it but
things never make sense when you're just
following things that you love and I was
super interested in psychoanalysis and
in hindsight it's like of course all
young wrote about was narrative mmm-hmm
and all Freud wrote about was you know
interesting psychological case studies
which are also narrative based and they
read like short stories but so you have
a young who's very tough to penetrate so
you have Joseph Campbell who came along
I think of Campbell is like the
cliffnotes for young I don't think
Campbell has a lot of stuff that if you
you know like Jung's tricky you know
he's like reading young it takes a lot
of work and focus so Campbell makes that
more accessible and then Campbell had
you know that's where Bill Moyer that
famous interview right and Lucas then
specifies that makes it specific in a
way and when you're talking about
meaning in stories that sort of thing
it's like no one will deny you can find
meaning from Freud and Jung right but
when that's distilled down to something
that's specific that embodies those
principles that's the thing that sort of
tattooed on our spinal cords in this
culture like who didn't have that
experience with Star Wars yeah right who
doesn't show up with that and that's
because it's taking these things that
are litter
philosophical psychological meaning
making human beings in these bodies in
these cannons and distilling it down to
something that everybody can plug into
whether you get it at whatever level you
get it out you get it out seeing those
that seven is different than us seeing
them at 30 or 40 yeah so when Jordan
takes that to the religious place do you
follow that thinking there
yeah and I'm from like an atheist Jewish
you know semi socialist background you
know like I'm not conventionally
religiously raised you know it's like to
deny that a story isn't that successful
so here's a weird thing that's always an
issue that I have with with Democrats I
know you get very defensive when people
have problems with Democrats oh yes
there's this funny thing where Democrats
tend to view other cultures with like
great reverence especially the more
exotic they are even if there's some
fundamental issues in the other cultures
that should be relevant right like you
have hardcore feminists who are
supporting certain regimes that treat
women terribly and you're like we should
jar out of that like that appreciation
for the exotic and the one thing I find
frustrating is we have such a collection
of different cultures in the United
States and it's like why can't you go to
Alabama or the deep south I love the
deep south like when I saw my first book
I drove through the deep south to go to
the bourbon distilleries and to see
Faulkner's home and why don't you look
at that and people's relationship with
the Second Amendment and their
relationship with each other and their
relationship with their value system as
also being a culture that is different
that should be appreciated right we
don't it's it's a weird thing and so so
we do it for the outward world but sort
of not just right enough to be safely
exotic yeah right but if someone
disagrees with you and looked this is
true both ways I mean I'm not I'm not
merely beating up Democrats but it's a
frustration that I've had to say people
think differently so if you want to
pretend that you're gonna jump into
their brain and make a moral judgment on
why they hold their opinions that's not
good for anybody
but the same thing holds true for
stories it's like going to any
university and it's super cool and hip
to talk about to analyze the Marvel
stories or to analyze Star Wars and it's
like why wouldn't you do the same with a
story that is so successful that it
Dwarfs all of those over centuries and
centuries that his you know given rise
- you know cathedrals and and and and
Wars and like this is stuff that is
moved right right right so it's like if
you're into those stories it's like yeah
that was that was yesterday you know
that's we are like you know Jesus Freak
yeah wait a minute like write a story
somebody that guys at the Star Wars
convention yeah exactly yeah and it's
like most of what's the story of Jesus
like if you if you shoulder your own
burden if you bear your own cross and
accept your own suffering that's only
means toward to transforming it or to
transcending it I should say and so it's
like oh is that relevant in
relationships or psychology like what's
the best approach if someone's really
screwed up and complaining and as a
murder in the whole world like you go
yeah honey the world's awful like is
that the parenting that you want or to
say what it what are the things you're
doing where are the faults as they exist
in you one thing the Jews are great on
the Old Testament the gods angry we
screwed up right Jordan Jordan says that
alive yeah it's like where is it
centered in you and what is the way that
you can accept the conditions and the
inherent tragedy of life in a way that
allows you to transcend this and it's
like that's played again and again and
again I mean you look at Tony Scott
Denzel Washington's man on fire mm-hmm
and it's like you look at how
beautifully that takes an hour in the
first act just the relationship between
him and the girl and it's basically a
classic like you need to become a
monster to hunt monsters but it's the
story of his salvation and sacrifice for
something innocent it's just it's that's
my favorite modern memory problem what
do you make of the fact that people
actually care about this stuff right now
like this type of conversation and being
able to relate it to either comic books
or movies and still talk about religion
or talk about it from an atheist
perspective that people actually care
about this we're I think four years ago
if a whole bunch of us had been talking
about this people would be like what the
hell like I like this relevant what what
you guys live in your mom's base right
well that's what they'd be saying
covered would snack crumbs yeah that may
well be true but I cleaned up before I
