[Music]
all right we obviously have to talk
about gun control this week over the
course of my many Rubin report
interviews I've sat across from an array
of people who are pro-gun rights
anti-gun altogether or somewhere in
between
while the events surrounding the gun
conversation are always horrific with
this week's tragic events in Vegas being
perhaps the worst of all of them I
believe that the conversation around
guns when done right can offer powerful
insight into how people think about
society at large gun ownership and the
right to bear arms brings up issues
about the American Constitution states
rights personal responsibility mental
health radicalization both religious and
otherwise and much more unfortunately as
is so often the case these days were
seemingly caught between two groups of
people the people who want to ban guns
completely and the people who don't want
to have any sort of conversation about
sensible gun laws well I absolutely
support the Second Amendment I at the
same time understand and acknowledge
that the United States has what seems to
be a unique problem related to mass gun
violence lost in the midst of all the
awful events of Las Vegas this week are
other senseless shootings across the
country like the five people killed and
30 others wounded by gunfire in Chicago
this past weekend the weekend before
that three were killed and 36 were
wounded in Chicago and the weekend
before that it was 11 dead and 29
wounded in the very same city we've
included a link down below which tracks
the gun related violence across Chicago
occurring every single weekend and it's
disturbing to say the least I bring up
Chicago not to deflect from the events
in Las Vegas but to show how this
murderous violence is happening in one
of our biggest cities literally every
single day and happening so often at
this point that the mainstream media has
all but given up on reporting on it the
reasons behind how and why people murder
others also makes it hard to find one
law around guns that works in every
situation there no doubt is a difference
between a murder that occurs during a
robbery versus gang violence versus
terrorism versus suicides versus a
random shooter with no known political
or religious motive
and at the same time there are times
when someone with the gun saves innocent
lives during a shootout or when someone
defends their property and their family
by having a gun in the home so again
while I support the Second Amendment I
also recognize that we undoubtably
have a gun related violence problem on
our hands just look at the numbers I can
also acknowledge that guns in and of
themselves aren't the only problem here
without question much of the carnage
caused by guns is due to people with
mental health issues gaining access to
guns the truth is that if I or most of
the gun owners in America had access to
the most deadly weapons on earth we
wouldn't be randomly using those weapons
against innocent people not only are
mental health issues an aspect to the
people who are committing mass shootings
but also there's a problem with any any
ideology which drives people to commit
these heinous acts be it a religious
ideology a political ideology or any
other system of principles or beliefs
which could drive someone to kill a
weapon in and of itself can't kill
anyone it takes a human being and a
corrupt thought process to pull the
trigger and kill innocent people also as
I'm recording this it's still unclear
exactly what weapons were used in Vegas
but authorities report to finding about
20 other firearms in the shooters hotel
room and it's possible that this man was
using a military-style fully automatic
rifle to commit this heinous act for all
the defense I've offered up the Second
Amendment I cannot see I can't possibly
see how access to such weapons which
have the ability to mow down civilians
at an incredible rate and which are
designed for the battlefield should be
in the hands of regular citizens as we
post this video the story about the
Vegas gunman is largely incomplete at
the moment we don't seem to know his
motives so it's hard to say if this was
an act of terrorism under the most
specific definition of the term which
includes having a political motivation
to kill Nevada States definition is a
little more broad not including the need
for a political motivation which in this
case would in fact classify this killer
as a terrorist regardless of how we
wanted to find this specific act of
horrific violence or how the gun
discussion relates to terror
tourism or the legitimate right of every
citizen to have the ability to defend
themselves
we must get better about talking about
gun control between the shootings in
order to prevent more shootings and not
just talk about it when these acts occur
passing more laws in the heat of emotion
is rarely the right thing to do even if
they are well intentioned while doing
nothing and hoping that these events
will simply end is just as misguided as
hoping the Terrorism will completely
stop if we just ignore it while we wait
to find out more about the Vegas shooter
himself and at the same time mourn the
victims of this evil act
we should also continue to talk to
people on both sides of the gun debate
to try to come to some sensible place of
agreement I'm gonna do my best to do
just that and if you guys know of some
interesting voices in this debate that
you'd like to hear on the Reuben report
let us know in the comments section
right down below
[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn Liberty this week and joining me
is a columnist a media personality and
the author of dear reader the
unauthorized autobiography of Kim Jong
Il Michael now let's welcome to the
Reuben report hello Kim Jung ill and yet
when you see that online sometimes it
looks like Kim Jung too
that's true al that must be very
confusing to people only if they're like
you know IQ of 100 hilarious I said to
you right before we started I was doing
a little research and then people see
Kim jong-un yeah Carla and then you got
one you got ill people think it's a 2
you could see why there would be some
language confusion there I think well
it's also funny when people think Kim is
his first name because that's the family
name and in Asia they have the last name
first and some people refer to him as
like little Kim it's like that's not it
yeah it's not good Google a little
kaminer a whole other thing comes up
very entertaining all right there's a
ton I want to talk you about I'm looking
forward to talking about North Korea
because I think it's actually one of the
one of the countries and and from a part
of the world that we haven't spent a lot
of time we talked
about you know obviously domestic stuff
and some middle-east stuff but we
haven't spent that much time in that
part of the world but first I just want
to find out a little more about you
you've been interesting biography you
just told me a couple pieces of trivia
about yourself that I think are quite
interesting so for people who have no
idea who Michael malice is who are you
well that's that's a broad kind of oh
who am I to start I'm the boy you love
to hate I like you said I'm an author
I'm on TV you know running my big fat
mouth frequently I host a show on
compound Mediacom and the in the Fox
family I see you on a lot of the Fox the
business yeah you know when I started
this North Korea work it was driving me
crazy that there's so many people on TV
and in other forms of media who are
running their mouths about this country
which is extremely complicated and they
have no idea what they're talking about
and you know quoting Atlas Shrugged I
said I'm gonna put a stop to this once
and for all and I kind of did the
conversation I started shifting from you
know we just need to bomb them into
oblivion to this is a nation of what is
it 25 million slaves and our hearts
should go out to them because there are
absolute victims of this horrible regime
you know I was on an NPR affiliate it's
very funny and she was referred to Kim
jong-il as it can't be figure and I said
well that's a very unfortunate choice of
words and she was rendered pretty much
suicidal because again they have
concentration camps you can see them on
Google Earth so whenever you see the
press making North Korea out to be a
carnival this is exactly what I'm
against yeah and I that's actually one
of the things that I really want to dive
into a little bit because I find it to
be one of those things where anything
happens you know there's a missile test
that now seems to be happening every
week or whatever else the amount of
people and again you can't pay too much
attention to what's happening on Twitter
but just the amount of misinformation
Fuzion joking about extremely serious
things when people have no idea what the
consequences are all that there's just
like it's just a whole series yeah I was
on a radio show this week and the hosts
were just cracking jokes about North
Korea and I wasn't having and he's like
oh you gotta let me have my jokes ago
it's like North Korean missiles you got
to make sure that they land so the book
is humorous because I'm like if you can
make people laugh about this situation
you can get them to understand the
darkness because otherwise it's too
intense you know there's this amazing
we're called nothing to envy and you
read it and you want to jump out of
window because we're so powerless to
help these people but the
same time it's I think it's important to
understand both North Korea specifically
and generally how you know totalitarian
governments work and what that means in
practice you know is more than the
Soviet Union so this is something that
hits very close to home for me yeah so
all right before we dive fully into that
you mentioned right before we started
you just referenced Iran you mentioned
that you have her did you say it's her
first print first copy I have
Iran's copy of the first edition of The
Fountainhead yes that seems like you
can't it doesn't even exist well I also
have it I also have the dress she was
buried in don't get it I do have that
book I mean I'm a book collector I've
got every book she's ever written and
and I stopped after a while because now
with self-publishing people can read
books about her they're not worth
reading but to a point I had every book
written by and about her yeah I mean she
was a huge influence on me but at the
same time I don't often like talking
about it because for a certain
percentage of the population higher than
10% less than 50% saying you like Iran
takes the mental space of saying you're
Scientologists most people just check
out they think it's a cult and there's
something to that so I mean I'm very
kind of wary of getting into the whole
Iran stuff yeah it's so interesting to
me because I've been doing some work
with the Iran people and mostly we're
just promoting free speech on college
campuses and I found them to be some of
the most open decent protecting the
things that I care about with free
speech and all of those things and yet I
know for sure and I there were people
I've had on this show that'll say Oh
Iran this or that just completely in a
dismissive way and maybe they've got
some branding work to do one of the
things that drives me crazy and this is
that maybe my Soviet upbringing is do
not eat your own so the kinds of people
who go after Rand or rothbard or any of
these other great titans of Liberty who
had many many flaws and who did many
messed-up things if your agenda is to
take down the people who broke down
those doors for you you are in my view
garbage as a human being and it's it's
really reprehensible for me to see I
mean the villain is the state the
villain are the people who want to
dominate and control free people's lives
and you should always keep that in mind
as opposed to some kind of social
posturing you know I really like the way
you phrase that because we see so much
bickering inner bickering we have people
these days and all the personal attacks
and all the labels and all that stuff
and it's like you guys all don't have
your eyes on the prize right we should
be fighting for his freedom what we
should be fighting for is to expand
Liberty all the things that you just
mentioned and instead we're just like at
each other's throats all day with people
that have virtually no control over
anybody and we should be at the throats
of people who are sending those to war
for no reason who are sending people to
prison for no reason who are trying to
censor free speech for no reason they're
the villains so if you don't like how
someone talks or things you judge people
by their actions not by their thoughts
yeah all right well let's talk about
some ideas then so okay North Korea yeah
the juichi idea what in the world
possessed you to go to North Korea you
even say I went to North Korea to people
they think this guy's something's not
right well there's a few reasons one is
when I got established enough as a
writer I had some money in my pocket and
I thought I'm going to travel more right
this is something I never allowed myself
to do when I was kind of struggling and
North Korea was first on my list first
of all you have party cred because you
can always tell people you've never been
yeah yeah that's very impressed
I saw grimness said it's the most real
yeah but also you know you get older
people want to see what their family
went through and for me the only time
capsule of Soviet Russia is you know
North Korea it's the closest so and I
also wanted to see what it's like it's
the only country we don't have internet
access you don't access the outside
world my friend had gone and it's it was
it was until recently illegal to go so
and I wanted to do a book about it
because it's it's such a fascinating
country and I thought to myself look we
have a pretty good here if I move the
needle in America it's not going to
matter but if I move the needle in North
Korea even a little bit this could be
saving you know millions of lives and
yeah it's a pompous thing to do but I'd
rather shoot for the moon and miss then
you know kind of like have some kind of
marginal tax cut here yeah although I
would like to believe that you can move
the needle here and it would still have
some movement sure otherwise why why
would any of us do what we do right yeah
that's fair yeah let's just pause for a
second so tell me a little bit more
about Soviet Russia cuz I don't I don't
want to gloss over that so you were born
there yeah when did you you and your
family we came here when I was two but
you know you grew up we're in a Soviet
household it's it's funny and as you get
older talking to Americans and realizing
oh this is not how everyone is raised
right and how you how so how much
programming
in my head as a result of how I grew up
and it's it's just fascinating that this
you we all think of our families as the
norm yeah and then you go to college and
you grow up and you're like oh no this
is just my family that's messed up and
that's like for me it's like it's not
just my family it's this whole culture
yeah well everyone's family is messed up
to different degrees and absolutely ruin
things what's it like growing up so okay
came here too so you obviously don't
remember what it was like to be in the
Soviet Union but with parents that lived
through that and then come here as
immigrants what was that experience like
I mean English is my second language and
the first thing they did was send me to
private school because they knew that
public schools would be the death of me
which I'm very very grateful for but
there's just so many little
idiosyncrasies like you know Russia is a
no trust Society so you're you're you
kind of have this paranoia built into
your head which frankly when you're
dealing in entertainment or media it's
useful to have no it's not you're
prepared for that person to kind of
screw you over but also the fact that
most people in life are generally
incompetent so if you have these backup
plans or when someone messes up
intentionally or not
it kind of moves you well in business at
the same time it's hard for making
personal relationships because you're
paranoid and assuming everyone's that to
get you a no trust Society yeah an
interesting phrase and I sense we're
sort of viewing to that oh yes how in
America that there is just a basic sense
that first off yeah you barely trust the
people that you're getting information
from but it's not even that we're also
having trouble agreeing on facts which i
think is a much more dangerous thing
these facts I think that's a very
healthy thing because I think what we
need to do is self segregate we already
starts to self segregate by ideology
even having these same arguments since
the flesh revolution I don't want to
argue anymore
I want you to go your way we'll go our
way and everyone will be the better for
it interesting so you don't think if if
we disagree politically on certain
things you kind of want to let each
faction just go its own way as opposed
to try to get something together oh yeah
the best thing about Trump for me is
that he's increasingly making political
discourse impossible because when you
have political discourse that can only
mean oppression because that can only
mean when both parties get together it's
all it's going to be at the expense of
freedom so when you see for example it's
unfolding as we're taping this all right
now so when we air this
we'll see which way it has gone when you
see Trump working with the Democrats
that on something like daca you view
that as sort of a this can't be good and
then right correct they can't be good
but I don't know that it is it's gonna
play out exactly like it seems because
Trump has been very good at pulling the
rug out from people and humiliating him
and he's been a great wrecking ball in
terms of bringing disapproval and
distaste or the political process yeah
so as someone that grew up with parents
from the former Soviet Union and went
through all this stuff and understands
this this trust issue yeah I sense
you're you're basically a Trump guy
right no I'm an anarchist I mean I think
these people shall be in jail but I
think it's great that he is they're
giving me a lot here I'm gonna have to
have a chart here's an example of how
the Soviet upbringing really helped me
yeah this thing with that guy from
Google James yeah when people were
shocked how it played out I'm like it
was mind-boggling to me that people were
naive enough to be surprised there be
any other consequence when you have that
mindset you know the the essential Sofia
thought is if someone has power of you
arbitrary power you should assume that
they're going to exploit it completely
unfairly arbitrarily and always be aware
of who had for example I have a landlord
and there's a problem with my sink and
my friends like why didn't you tell him
you know and and say you know make a
