[Music]
all right YouTube this is it all of you
all of you out there in the digital
universe have been waiting for this and
especially on the Twitter the anonymous
people and the furry cats and the green
frogs and the rest of you you've all
wanted this so I want to set a couple
things up before I mentioned and I say
hello to my guests today I'm sitting
between two people that I consider
friends two people that I respect two
people that were brave enough to not
just fight about things online and from
the comforts of anonymity but two people
who were willing to sit across from each
other with serious disagreements with
some some bad blood there and some
things being said already but we're
willing to come here and talk about
everything that we're going to talk
about for the next hour and to me that
already is a win for everything that's
going on in the country these days
everything that's going on online these
days and everything else beyond that the
three of us well you know what I'm gonna
do some intros for so of course you guys
know Candace Owens red pill black
Candice was a guest on this show just
about three weeks ago and I think that
was one of the things that kind of put
you on the map and then just literally
about four or five days later it seems
that this whole explosion about what
social autopsy is or and what it was
kind of happened anyway welcome back to
the Reuben report I didn't know was
going to happen that quickly
yeah yeah and to my right is Blair white
who is a friend of mine who has been on
the show a couple of times and third
time now you have entered that is a rare
Nick that is a ray I think we've a
couple four timers but you might be the
one three timer right we will definitely
go for four but you are an absolutely
outspoken and I think irreverent fighter
against so many of the forces that I'm
fighting against all the time and and
both of you I think are fearless
defenders of the things that you care
about just a couple of quick things I
think that the three of us sitting here
if I dare use a little of identity
politics against itself for a moment gay
trans black yeah
yeah a black conservative a trans woman
who really leans right if not I don't do
you call yourself a conservative yes
okay so okay so we've got a black
conservative a trans conservative a gay
liberal but I'm an old-school liberal
which is everything against identity
politics these days and I know none of
us care about that stuff per se but I
think it's important just to put it out
there that we're doing this and that
that didn't of itself is a little bit of
a statement right there and we're doing
this face to face and more portly than
anything else perhaps we all were
lefties yes we all were on the other
side of perhaps where we're at now
politically that's wildly different yeah
three years ago yeah that's not that
long ago you were wildly different 18
months ago 18 months ago and I've kind
of had a slow evolution over these last
couple years and I think all of those
things are worth saying because I think
actually that there's a lot that we do
agree on and hopefully we can get to
some of that but I know you guys are
watching because you want to find out
more about what actually happened with
Candace's website social autopsy now she
explained this fully to me when we sat
down about a month ago and then after
that a bunch of youtubers started making
videos about her comments on it was some
of it true it sounds like maybe some
definitions were slightly confused I
think I've talked enough what I thought
the best way to start would be for you
simply to just explain once again your
involvement in social autopsy and and
why you did it and sort of where it's at
at the moment and then we'll go from
there
right so I just want to start off
because we just had a conversation
off-camera she posted something that
said my predictions that I talked about
I'm not comfortable using the she
pronoun not because it's not anything to
be disrespectful it's just that a lot of
people that follow me don't know that
Blair is trans and a lot of people that
follow her maybe don't know me vice
versa and I think that it betrays the
audience when you make it sound like
this is a petty catfight and there are
two girls sitting across from a table
when in fact it is a grown man sitting
across from a grown woman who has had a
lot of things to say about me when I've
never even met you or said negative
comment about you so I just want that to
be very clear happy to for the rest of
this yeah it should be very clear both
adults you know
no no we're done we're definitely adults
I just think it's interesting how you
act like you're above the ad hominem is
you above attacking someone when in
reality you and I both know that the
situation is you're using those pronouns
and you're saying what you're saying
calling me a grown man that's the kid
attack the notepad and let me finish
that you're doing that in a way to be
passive aggressive and petty but in a
way that your audience doesn't actually
read because you do have the very
hardcore conservative audience and so
they're not really gonna read as petty
everyone else will I don't want them to
think that this is a catfight between
two girls it's not I'm saying that you
are no it's very important because it
really isn't though but we can but we
can move on because it really isn't
about oh shoot me and you care for a man
I'm happy to call you a shoot more the
rest that we can move on from the
pronoun thing but you have to start by
calling me man okay well I don't want to
have to afterwards say well if you are
this is your stance on trans why did you
sit across from a trans person and call
them cheese so I'm making it clear
because as we know you guys like to dig
up every single thing that I do in every
single meal I dug up everything you've
done out of everyone Candice there's
been a lot of youtubers that have come
out against you so I actually have a
question here before we go out of all
the youtubers so Doug stuff up about you
I never made a video I'm a youtuber if I
don't think some junk on a video I
jumped on a video for our stream of
which I was on for probably 15 minutes
now we're in 15 minute I would I was I
was not on a stream for an hour on for
an hour and 15 minutes until Barbara
came on the stream i watch all right so
you know let's do this let's just just
to clean this up so we don't I just want
to get to lost in the weeds of every
little word I think look you guys know
my feelings about free speech and where
I'm not gonna tell you what to say how
to refer to Blair and Blair can
obviously defend herself we can do all
that but just so we don't get too lost
in that stuff let's just try to stick to
the original story here I think it's
fine that you you promised it that way
you defended yourself I think that's
that's totally fine but we could end up
in the in the back part of this forever
so let's just get to the to the how did
this whole thing start okay so the
backstory to the backstory obviously you
know about social autopsy but there's a
very relevant part of this which is
essentially that when I was in high
school had experience it happened to me
and it's something that I like to talk
about factually and I hate talking about
it because it involves other people and
I'm out here talking about my opinions
my beliefs when you're involving other
people I think it's a little unfair when
I was a junior in high school I received
about
one night I was sitting on a couch my
boyfriend I receive anonymous phone
calls and at the end of watching
Talladega Nights with my boyfriend I
picked up the phone I listened to the
voicemails and they were people for boys
that were swimming back and forth
calling me a dirty saying really
talk either your family saying you're
we're gonna do to you like we did in
Martin Luther King put a bullet in the
back of your head made references to
Rosa Parks it was really probably the
nastiest thing that I've ever heard in
my entire life after hearing that and by
the way this is not a victim story it's
just something that factually happened
that you guys can all research after
hearing those voicemails I went to
school the next day and I didn't call
the cops or anything but I was a little
terrified because I didn't know I did
not know four people that wanted to see
me dead and that hated me period I went
school the next day the teacher
essentially was we were talking in a
philosophy class I brought up when it
happened it was like a moment where it
made sense to bring up what happened in
it before and the teacher jumped up and
said like you're gonna the principal
right now you're reporting this like
that's very serious like I want to take
you right now he picks me up go into the
principal's office and she hears the
voice mails which I still had there were
three of them and she made the decision
to call the police like totally I would
have never called the police or have
done tonight before it turns out by some
random stroke of like super misfortune
that one of the kids that was in the car
when they left these voicemails happened
to be the current governor of
Connecticut son and where this would
have normally been like maybe like a tap
on the finger sort of a thing that's
turned into an FBI investigation and you
know the then mayor was making comments
that were very like you know political
became political so all of a sudden I'm
I'm in school and I've got the
n-double-a-cp on the front steps I'm
very if you know anything about me I
hate the n-double-a-cp because of this I
think that they are a trash group and
that they literally extort black
people's emotions for pay which is
another thing Blair you don't know where
I send anything for you to call me a
fraudulent conservative you don't know
the things that I've lived through so
that was something that I didn't really
understand a lot of things I don't
understand to you so I'm I have a
million questions for you because
unfortunately you'd have me blocked up
until like two days ago right over one
tweet I sent to you so no it was a live
stream it was a live streaming on a live
stream for not 15 minutes I hope people
go and fact check back
there for that long that's the first
thing the second thing is again you had
me blocked before the livestream and we
locked before the livestream so and
you've had a million people block you
blocks right well I'm gonna get into
that he's gonna I want to find you I
think first you had it I'm just saying
I'm glad that we're actually having a
conversation because prior to this the
reason why it's actually gone to the
point where have to do on the rhythm of
work rather than just a quick exchange
on Twitter are you making a video on
your own channel it's cuz you've blocked
conversations I just want to be clear
you're allowed to tweet out your trash
and I am supposed to then defend myself
rather than you get on Timmy first for
answered your work you're absolutely not
supposed to you defend your life you
don't have to do anything right usually
your your might might your son say that
I blocked you after and they're insulted
me publicly to what do you have a
hundred and thirty thousand doesn't even
doesn't even make sense to you like
saying that right now Candice Candice
you have every right to block me there's
no you can not respond you can respond
you can block me whatever it is what I'm
saying is people are criticizing the way
that you pay on the situation you have
the backstory which our absolute let you
finish but the way you're dealing people
calling out the story and calling out
things that they think maybe are
fraudulent maybe they're not fraudulent
maybe you can clear that up is you
haven't actually cleared it up you've
blocked everyone people can attest that
everyone Andy wore ski Bungie King Dave
: who actually provided screenshots with
things he said to you so unlike me I can
see you blocking me for calling you
trash and honestly I'll say I'm sorry
for calling you trash that's totally
fine but as far as him he sent like four
or five very respectful tweets just
asking you for questions asking for your
started the story so if he made a video
I would just like to hold on they made
the videos and then ask questions I
don't do that I don't go she ate with
terrorists you know to make it look
Harry you're a lying okay issue and then
saying now you better come to me and
answer me
who does that anything hold on it's an
expression I don't negotiate Aires don't
take it to heart it's an expression not
taking it hard it's just kind of silly
all right an expression oh no we got it
we got to get the full story before
because otherwise there's gonna be
enough people watching this that still
aren't clear on the whole story
right that if we go too far into the
follow-up we're gonna get lost here by
the way I just really quick want to
mention that when you texted me and said
I want to do this on your show and I'd
like to do with Blair I thought about it
for a minute cuz I wasn't even sure if I
wanted to get involved in this I think
that this Twitter YouTube
ramaa I think causes it's partly we're
all here because of just this drama
machine that just endlessly drags
everybody but to to both of your credit
you asked me to do it and I texted you
and literally within 30 seconds you said
you would do it and there that's that's
that people should know that because
this is we live in a time when no one
backs themselves up they hide and say
all this crap so I just put that out
there but let but let's just let's just
get through the story and then we can
then we can do the rest long story short
this was categorized as a hate crime the
FBI was involved I was out of school for
about six weeks and just imagine like I
didn't even want to report it and then
having like what felt like your entire
life it was front page of Connecticut
newspapers for two months of people and
a lot of the stuff that you had to read
because remember the FBI was involved so
they wouldn't make any arrests they
wouldn't do anything as they wanted to
dot the i's and cross T's they're done
with a politician a democratic
politician right and he's not being
honest he could have easily just been
like my kid did something really stupid
he's trying to be a politician
essentially and when these arrests were
finally made a while the investigation
was going on people were just on the
internet just speculating just like and
not being aware that they were talking
about children you know they know I'm
saying I was probably the eldest I was
17 years old there's a youngest person
in that car I didn't know any of them by
the way this is like a drunk phone call
I knew one count of the four kids the
young is can that cause 14 years old so
these kids are getting called racist so
yes and I personally like I hate labels
like racism
I hate boom you call somebody a racist
sexist it really stings me because I
think it's wrong I think it's wrong that
a fourteen-year-old got labeled a racist
that I've got instead of being
reprimanded or told why it was wrong so
I'm very against Lee well another thing
that you know from my history have
always been very conservative on
following this event and I barely made
it to college because of this I mean it
was like something that was really
taxing that happened in my senior year
and following this event I developed
severe anorexia like it's a part of my
story or something that need to be sorry
about people have anorexia are just
looking for a way to control to control
mechanism so if I felt like my life was
completely out of control and people
were basically able to freely say
whatever they want about me and it was
permanently on the internet like this
situation that happened and the N double
AC P final politicians and nobody gave a
about the kids that were involved in
this nobody cared about the kids are
involved in this
I developed anorexia the I think the
ringleader they kept calling him that
like had these kids call me hat went on
to have like DUIs he was like a closeted
gay at the time everybody's life got
ruined by this and it was something that
I never wanted and it ate me alive it
just was like this is it like the
Internet is forever and these things
happen you get to write about them and
you get to politicize something that's
not true right trumped when I got over
my anorexia I think I was in I was 22 at
the time was in 2012 like I had fully
honestly just I thought through it it
was one of those things that I had to
sit down a really question where did
Santa Rex come from what am i trying to
control and what have I learned from
this
I fought about children I thought to
myself like technology is something that
people don't talk about give a TED talk
on this which many people that have
staunch to defend they may have seen my
TED Talks they knew where my heart was
that when I did this I felt like kids we
are in like a different generation
you're also young as well so you have
you know we have Instagram Facebook they
never had this like you when you were in
school or not trying to like me you
didn't have this you didn't have and
there are 10 year olds that are killing
himself over snapchat and it's all like
just because the end of my dad when I
was growing up my dad had a beeper and
then all of a sudden we have Facebook
and Instagram all these things and I
thought to myself what a way if I can
come back and create something that
helps kids navigate technology right
without ruining their lives like this
kids need to be arrested for saying mean
things no I disagree with that
like I disagree even though they
characterize characterized me as the
victim and characterize these children
as the aggressors I felt that it was
wrong okay so you created social law
actually with the idea that it was sort
of gonna almost self police some of the
kids ability to ruin themselves right
exactly so what we thought was what if
there was a way when kids do these like
stupid things and we initially always
thought about kids we had to change it
because people said first try it on
adults try to send a little news service
people are sensitive when it comes to
children and we said what if there was a
way that we could archive what they say
with like a no no type of a punishment
like maybe it's held for for three
months and everybody like all of these
schools you were meeting with principals
of schools of high schools before we
even decided what we wanted to do to say
how can we
what would be helpful what our kids care
about well they care about being on the
football team right what if you've said
you're on you're on social type see all
these schools have this program you said
this to Carolina whatever it is now you
don't get trapped with 14 something
that's like petty you know but it's
better than getting arrested right it's
better than knowing that you you were a
part of someone's suicide because you
