[Music]
joining me today is the Libertarian
candidate for governor from the great
state of New York Larry sharp welcome to
the Rubin report thanks for having me
libertarian New York yes are you okay
sir the issue to remember here is Cato
actually rated us 50th when it came to
freedom we beat California see we got
you huh we're Bhavana yeah you came you
came here to California to see me yes
because we're better than you when it
comes to tyranny we got you down we got
you you can't beat us so yes this is a
critical piece I'm glad I'm doing this
it's the right answer because imagine
this if I make any impact in New York
what is that save the country it shows
that the impact of this race is so
important that if I can make anything
happen in New York State it will affect
the rest of the nation overnight what
you imagine for a second in my race I
just get 10% that will change how people
think in New York throughout the entire
state it'll force Republicans that
actually have the Republicans Democrats
to be Democrats because now the term
party will have an actual voice so now
when I go to Republicans and I say
you're supposed to be about
small-government
someone will listen want to go Democrats
and say you're supposed to be about
civil liberties someone will listen it
will force them to be better but I'm
gonna go one step further what if I
actually beat the Republican in New York
State that's magical I beat the
Republican New York State politics works
for the first two two parties actually
run everything mm-hmm so Republicans
would officially be knocked out so of
course that we write the rules overnight
of course they were right they were two
rules course if I know that are you
implying that New York State has a
corrupt assembly no come on come on we
rose to office Emily yeah let's be clear
of assembly you're insulting me now most
corrupt yeah so no my point being it
would then allow for third parties to
really exist in New York State and that
again would cross the nation
but imagine if actually one if I
actually win I turn New York State gold
that would change the entire nation
overnight overnight all the Liberty
leaning Republicans Democrats would come
out of the woodwork and like we always
love Larry sharp and they would all job
on board and the Libertarian Party will
become huge overnight this race has the
most impact because it's New York okay
so you are acknowledging this is an
uphill battle it's coming - yes and I
gotta tell you if it was six months ago
I knew I could make impact that 10% I
knew I could get
I knew that six months ago what does a
libertarian usually get in a
gubernatorial race 1% maybe I meant
that's a lot we rarely break 40,000
votes if I don't think I've ever bring
in 2,000 folks what do you think of that
before we go specifically a fantasy
because one of my issues with the
libertarians it's like as a party
there's such disorganization you know
III want to talk a little bit of a guy
about Gary Johnson because I know you
work for him and we're almost his VP
choice which I'm gonna mop but I'm a big
fan yeah we can get into the up to some
of that stuff and I've had him on the
show and I think he's a good person I
think he was just a flawed candidate but
just that the party itself seems to be
extremely disorganized and you know when
they should have these conventions and
it's like naked people and naked guys
but that habit met naked guy I'm sure
he's a great he's a great guy nice guys
but that that as a party there's been a
lot of disorganization here and I guess
that when you're making things about the
individual it's hard to get people to
come together on the collective but what
can you do what do you think that's a
fair diagnosis number one what I just
laid out look it's tough the system is
set up against us right it's up against
us to fail any third party right do you
find any other third parties that are
great no but I'll at least like the idea
yes I'm not on board the green stuff so
I want that everything to I mean a lot
of the third parties collapse because
the system is against them but I say the
same thing always the panacea the
cure-all is victory when we begin to win
people will come up with us on arts on
our team a lot of the people who believe
in us don't join our party because of
that so chicken and egg yeah right the
party isn't awesome because awesome
people aren't flooding to it because the
party isn't awesome yeah therefore
awesome people aren't flooding to it
right it's a chicken an egg so once we
become a real party where people
actually are saying wow these guys can
win so one reasons why I'm bringing
Secretariat right
I'm not jump I'm not jumping ship and
join another party and trying to go on
some other party everybody's libertarian
I'm doing
I want to show people a third party can
have impact and can win and join the
third parties my candidacy is assuming I
do very well doesn't just couple
batarians it helps any third party but
obviously heavily my part it's what I
care about but it will help others also
right so you're right it's a problem of
course it is but all the parties are a
problem
look the Republicans Democrats have
kook's also right they're crazy there's
what about it it's just as so few of us
that I would stand out yeah and what a
scrutiny I mean the things that the
things that politicians who are Democrat
Republicans have said are far worse they
were libertarians have said mm-hmm but
it's whatever that the main that the two
old parties so they get a pass yeah I'm
not mad at it it's the way it is it's a
burden that we have that I've accepted
and I've taken on it's the burden I take
on but here's the glory if I win this
battle my victory is sweeter because I
had all the burdens I'm fine with it is
what it is yeah all right so before we
get into the specifics of New York and
what your libertarian principles aren't
things like that tell me a little bit
about your history because you are
actually born and bred in New York and I
am you've got an interesting history and
we're in the Marines and all sorts of
stuff so it was so god gave me back I'll
give you the short version I'm born in
Manhattan biracial parents in the 60s my
mom gives me up for adoption because she
can't handle the issues of bi racial
issues in her family I'm very lucky I
get adopted very young I think I was six
weeks old by a lovely couple who took me
to the Bronx a German immigrant and her
husband who was an in the Army in
Germany that's how we met her so I
raised in the Bronx from around nine or
ten in that area 11 and at that point my
mother had actually divorced and then
another man who was my actual father who
actually raised me and taught me to be a
man
we moved at Long Island he died when I
was around 12 years old when he passed
there just me and my mom my mom couldn't
handle it
she was really devastated by this her
family was in Germany she was here I was
distant that was a young teenage boy
trying to find my way also when I was 17
I left and join the Marine Corps Jenna
Marine Corps was there for about six
years seven years when I got out my
mother had already collapsed she was
initially addicted to legal drugs and
eventually illegal drugs she was
arrested victim the drug war she was the
prison break the felon
I got her out and tried to put it back
on her feet I tried to help her too she
left the prison with two garbage bags
that was what her life was so I helped
her get back on her feet try to get a
job I saw how hard it was for to get a
job I mean she was always lying on every
form because of the knew she was a
felony wouldn't hire her and when she
was working she had to always lie and
she was a hostage basically I became an
entrepreneur because I did my mom to be
a hostage so we set her own business me
and her and my stepdad who was another
man she she had married afterwards and
so we stopped to start a business
together so that she could be her own
person and not be a hostage no that was
our first business after that got up and
running I left that had a bunch of sales
jobs and then decided to then decided to
sell my own business again that business
did not go well I sold that one off then
I went and got this business which I've
had for 14 years I'm a consultant a
trainer I've been an officer in public
company twice I've taught in colleges I
teach now at Baruch sometimes John J
I've taught that at the graduate level
of as a guest instructor and Yale in
Colombia
so I've taught a lot I do a lot of is
like the coaching training leadership
sales that kind of stuff I'm an
entrepreneur benefits of 14 years and
two years ago I saw an opportunity to
jump on board Libertarian Party as a VP
nominee so I tried to get the VP slot
I lost the bill well by 30 31 votes
nothing was counting yeah and now I'm
running for governor that was two years
ago where that was in 2012 2016 that was
2016 1 here's what was why I first came
to the party okay I was not I was not
really political at all when I was uh
when I was a youngster do you wanna hear
this story yeah when I'm a young I'm
interviewing you all right I love
anything we're doing I'm happy too yep
away 90 me out I know the first time
anyone's ever said that to me I love you
wanna hear all these ones me and my cool
stuff I don't want to guess Yap away and
they're like you know clicking off I'm
going to watch I don't have a drink
instead what do you wanna do if that
would make it better maybe all right
let's see what the story so as a
youngster I grew up in New York City and
of course Democrats are good and
publicans are evil how it works right
you're evil because you're gonna are by
your name you're good because you vide
by your name yeah who is the mayor at
the time this is really I think it was
Ed Koch Ed Koch okay I love dead Koch
although I grew up in Long
but we were big family but it wasn't
about him it was about the party yeah my
mom and dad were strict Democrats that's
who you are
you were a Democrat because they were
good and Poppins were evil yeah but when
I joined the Marine Corps at 17 the
Marine Corps is a very conservative
branch when it comes to the branches and
most of my friends and people had no and
leaders that I respected they were
mostly conservative Republicans Ronald
Reagan was my first commander-in-chief
so I think I kind of became a Republican
as a as a teen and as a young
20-something I became over Republican so
I kind of shape the back I wasn't part
of a party and I only voted in the
presidential elections because it was
absentee I wasn't I was also Versys so I
voted be a male so I didn't even
register locally to do the local
elections yeah so we pause everyone to
act because so you mentioned you're
biracial yeah and I hate making anything
about race because we're so overly
racialized now and identity politics and
all this but I think that a certain
amount of my own is when they hear you
say that all right so you were you were
Ronald Reagan was your
commander-in-chief and you were
identifying as a Republican back then as
a black man yeah you know I've had many
black conservatives on here some of whom
I consider great friends like Larry
elder and I bet this is Thomas olan and
many or no so that's why I wanted to ask
you about that yeah what was it like
then to take that political it wasn't
very political if that made any sense I
wasn't talking about things I did but
other than internally for you I didn't
care to be 40 I didn't care if you I
don't care now I didn't get her then and
over here now yeah I am Who I am I
believe what I believe and you like it
or you don't and that's how is it didn't
care that either right on man so I
didn't really care to be folk with you
some people thought I was crazy
my parents Rob with insane whatever I
didn't care I didn't talk about it much
it wasn't I was worried about you know
chasing girls and it's 19 20 years old
being a marine I was I wasn't worried
about it it wasn't part of my life to
before with you I I look back now I wish
it was I wish I had known more stuff
then but I was a young guy trying to
figure out to be a man I wasn't really
thinking about that very much so that's
why eventually in the 90s I went to I
went to Peru because I just didn't want
the arse of the DS then I went to NATO
in 2000 because I didn't want the arse
of the DS I knew that the arse and the
DS were the same there was a difference
ideally all putting my friends in jail I
knew they were all the war on drugs and
the war on terror wasn't gonna stop
that's that was gonna be bad no matter
what I did
excuse me so I just and again if you
would have asked me what was Perot what
was it what was Nate errs policies I
couldn't have told you I just knew they
weren't the mainstream and therefore
they were good enough for me and again
people thought I was crazy I didn't care
so finally in 2008 I was considering not
bullying all anymore I was really
finished I was like who cares it doesn't
matter of growing a business I'm gonna
run my business make my money become a
bazillionaire and who cares who's in
charge
cuz I'll run them cuz I'll have all the
money that was my logic it doesn't for
ya so but doesn't eight when Obama came
I thought okay this is different he's a
city guy he's black this is the guy he's
different he speaks differently people
are excited alright you know what maybe
this is the guy night I had hope I
bought the hope and change I bought it
mm-hmm and when I joined before you
added sort of a libertarian awakening
right actually I I this I was having
libertarian awakening but that sort of
overrode it but I gotta tell you how I
became there yeah I became looat Arian
not through politics
I came them training through Robert
ringer do you know Robert ringer I don't
think Robert ringer is a business guy
he's Objectivist and he had brought many
books looking out for number one to be
or not to be intimidated nothing happens
unless something moves action he talks
about how to brand yourself he talks
about how to be successful in business
in life I was a trainer that's what I
said to now he was one of my you know
mentors I don't know in person but I
read his books I was part of his website
so I knew who he was so he got me into
reading and rent I didn't come to
libertarianism through politics I came
in through business I'm a business guy
huh so I was reading Atlas Shrugged
because he said we got the shrugged not
because some political guy did I didn't
know who Ron Paul was doesn't eight I
had no idea I wasn't political I was a
business guy yeah the reason why I care
about Obama's because he was so
different it got my attention so again I
did really understand his policies if
that made me sense yeah I just thought
he's different he's not them it can't be
worse that was my thought process so as
I'm moving towards objectivism in that
regard I'm not an Objectivist and I
never been
but some of the market ideas made sense
to me the idea of Austrian economics
made sense to me I didn't know was
Austrian economics though cuz I never
read Friedman I never read those I
didn't know I read brought a ringer yeah
and he had told me what his his views so
I gotta think secondhand through him so
I was already teaching I was teaching
post-industrial internship obviously
she'd buy-in I was teaching sales is not
about forcing someone to do something
getting to do it I was teaching
volunteerism not knowing what it was
called or what it was I was already
doing it in my own business so anyway I
was I was having that change three dozen
Ford about 2010 anyway that was
happening already I'm so it changed my
business model and doing it already
after crash hit I had to jump into it a
lot cuz I was crushed in it scratch
scratch devastated me so anyway III
think Obama's great after the first year
I realized he's no different again I'm
finished I'm like it's over
until 2012 I hear Gary Johnson speak and
people say well Gary Taubes he's an
awesome speaker no but he was a business
guy I'm a business guy I could hear him
I couldn't hear anyone else cuz I didn't
care I could only hear the person who I
was identified with him self-made man
growing a business I identify with Gary
Johnson I still do and so when he
decided to talk I said oh I get it and I
came to the part because of him but to
be forward I didn't join the party still
right away I've never done a partner mat
in my life I never joined a party but at
this point I thought you know what I'm
gonna go to the meetings and never been
to a party meeting before and I went to
the meetings and when I went to
Libertarian Party meetings as odd as
they were and they are odd it was still
just regular people
it wasn't crazy there was regular people
business owners people who wondered see
some change I identified it quickly with
them and I joined so I joined the party
in 2012 and that's when I became a
libertarian yeah but when I joined the
party I hadn't read Basquiat I hadn't
read for I didn't read any of them and I
didn't even know them so that's when I
joined them I began looking around and
then I read the law - my favorite of all
them was bossy is my favorite that was
the simplest and the one that identified
with the most
still my favorite but I read all the
rest also I began to read them right I
read the word Road to Serfdom I began to
read those afterwards but they were easy
for me to understand the people they
teasing a Larry you've been in the
movement so short so hard but you can
you can talk with the principles I've
been teaching them for 14 years
yeah but not under the name right in a
different world so it was very easy to
me to adapt and to bring those those
things to bear so I've order for Gary
Johnston 2012 and I support his
candidacy completely in 2016
I was running around doing debates in
his stead that was on TV instead for him
and they wanted I would do so I jump
through hoops for him because I I wish
it was a president now yeah I wish she
was so I don't want to belabor the point
Gary I voted for Gary I did I did a
video in the summer before the election
of why it would be great to support him
he wasn't a perfect handed etc etc but
he he had a couple gaffes that were
pretty bad and I also I don't even blame
him for them in a certain way because it
was the only 2-year point it was the
only way he could get press like the
only time they talked about him yes was
aleppo apps or the other moment where he
couldn't name a leader that he respected
but the one the one policy point that
really bothered me with him and I don't
know maybe maybe we don't see eye to eye
on this is that he wanted the the Baker
to bake the cake well let me touch two
of those things yes the first thing is
every problem that Gary Johnson had is
fixed with good advisers everyone yeah
repaired with good advisers yeah every
