[Music]
alright people were taking a break from
politics this week and we're gonna focus
on the f-word that's right
food they say you are what you eat and
if that's true a lot of us are half hot
dog half pizza and half ice cream I know
that that's three-halves but we're a
pretty fat group of people these days
every week there's a new diet to follow
a new oil to avoid or a new superfood
that'll change your life then the week
after that we usually find out that the
new revolutionary diet will actually
make you gain weight you actually need
that oil to live and the superfood does
absolutely nothing and an endless slew
of magazines to the countless websites
and blogs devoted to keeping you
clicking on the newest fad and it
becomes almost impossible to figure out
what you should eat as those of you who
follow me on social media know I'm in
the midst of a little diet myself right
now
I'm doing a slow carb paleo diet which
is a slightly modified version of what
former Rubin Report guests Tim Ferriss
helped popularize basically I'm eating
only meat fish and veggies with no sugar
and very limited carbs I'm even putting
grass-fed butter in my coffee to get an
extra boost of fat and energy in the
morning as of taping this direct message
I've lost about 5 pounds in 10 days
although I've also punched four random
strangers on the street for looking at
me the wrong way but as they say
everything in moderation of course what
you should or shouldn't put in your body
isn't just about weight it's also about
your mind and this is a place where the
science is actually pretty solid the
foods that we eat or don't eat can have
a tremendous effect on our brain itself
right down to our ability to think as
we've seen a spike in degenerative brain
diseases such as Alzheimer's and
Parkinson's disease which are just two
of the many forms of dementia it's
becoming clearer and clearer that
fueling our brains with the right foods
and avoiding the wrong ones are a key to
brain health so much of what we talk
about on this show is related to clear
and critical thinking well we may not
think about how the food that we eat is
affecting our brains on a daily basis
feeding our brains the right foods is as
important actually possibly more
important than feeding our brains the
right information so this week we're
going to learn
some information on what we should feed
our brains so that we're optimized to
engage in intellectual battles in the
best way possible joining me to discuss
this is an old friend of the show and
author of the new book genius foods max
Luger veer now excuse me while I put
grass-fed butter on an avocado sprinkled
with goji berries joining me today is a
truth seeker a self experimenter of
brain food expert and author of the
upcoming book genius foods max Luger
beer welcome back thanks so much for
having to the Rubin report this is a
back although most of my audience now
will not know you from the Rubin report
but you used to do the old Rubin report
seems like a real lifetime ago doesn't
it yeah yeah back back in the day when
it was a panel show it was a panel show
years ago on tea uit I don't even know
what we were doing I have almost no
recollection of my life at that time
it's you know the every time that I was
on it though I would always have such a
good time and I always would think to
myself like how good you are at what you
do and so I'm just so honored to like be
here in this new set and to see your
success like you know the fact that
you've just blown up it's awesome cool
well thank you and I feel the same and
I'm glad that our pads have sort of you
know been on parallel tracks kind of
growing together you have a new book
coming out which we're gonna talk about
shortly the last time I saw you though
it was about two or two-and-a-half years
ago you had me eat some really nasty
stuff on camera that you felt I don't
even know why you had me eat it but you
wanted me to what what did we eat yeah
because you're doing a lot about food
yeah so you're you're testing this stuff
out all time we ate natto
which is a fermented soy bean dish that
is very commonly consumed in Japan and
that was my first time ever trying it
because I think yeah back where your old
set was we were like a few blocks away
from like a Japanese market yeah yeah
and I was like wow what a great place to
go and try to find this food that I've
heard so much about because of its
purported health benefits but I'd never
tasted it and it's known for being
particularly gnarly like it smells like
dirty socks yeah
and I knew that you were back at the
studio and I was like what you know
there's no better time to try this
gnarly food than with my friend dave
rubin so i brought it back and we tried
it and yeah i don't think you were that
into it it was pretty nasty yeah I mean
I'm a pretty open eater and we're gonna
get a lot into the different types of
things that you should be eating and
fermented food obviously good but it was
kind of like beans in this gooey sticky
sauce and it stunk to high hell it's got
the cool you're saying it was good for
my brain it's very good it's very good
yeah there's I mean you know it's the
top known source of vitamin k2 which is
a really important vitamin for vitamin
for maintaining calcium homeostasis in
the body basically keeping calcium in
the parts of your body where calcium
should be yeah like your bones in your
teeth and out of your soft tissues like
your kidneys and your arteries and stuff
like that there's really good research
on vitamin k2 and yeah just you know
natto is one of these foods they eat it
and you know one of the world's Blue
Zones so I just figured why not give it
a try yeah I would say it has the
consistency of like baked beans with a
little bit of like personal lubricant
that's world together yeah which is
obviously not appealing it's that sounds
quite horrific that you had something
here for you to taste on camera don't
even awesome like kicking the ball back
yeah something like that alright maybe
maybe next time alright so first I
thought well we start off with before we
get to the book is I think sort of what
you're doing is interesting because it
kind of parallels what I'm doing here
where we're watching mainstream media
crumble and people are coming to people
like me perhaps and and Shapiro and Joe
Rogan and all these alternate voices to
hear about news and I also think that's
happening in the food world and the diet
world as well where you used to maybe
watch the nightly news to find out what
you're supposed to eat what the latest
fad is what all's you're not supposed to
have it cetera et cetera and now people
are going to people like Joe Rogan who I
just mentioned Tim Ferriss people like
you did you sort of see that thing
coming and that's why you started
getting into this world and we'll talk a
little bit about your the personal
reasons why you got into just a sec yeah
no yeah I mean it's it's an amazing
point I feel that you know look we live
in a time you know and in a world where
we have all of the world's information
at our fingertips at any given time with
our smartphones you know
and research is out there information
wants to be free so you know whereas
prior generations I feel like you know
could have could have only received
health information from the doctor or
nutrition information from the
nutritionist today you know I think
things are different where people that
are passionate and that do their
homework in a way I'm not just talking
about going to you know media for their
health information but you know PubMed
is something that anybody can search
it's that you know the research is out
there not everybody's gonna be qualified
to the degree that they can you know
understand for example medical
literature or even cut through the
jargon but there's a lot that people can
glean from what is readily available I
mean one of the ways that I try to tell
people to become educated about health
and science and research is to look at
websites that put out university press
releases that often accompany studies
like science daily for example or
medical express you know oftentimes when
a study is released the University will
write a press release that basically has
the gist of what the study basically
found in layman's terms and that's often
what journalists will use to write
pieces for like the Huffington Post or
Fast Company so what I tell people is to
do is cut out the middleman go to the
press releases read them then go to the
research article compare what you read
in layman's terms in the press release
to the research article and that can
actually help you interpret research so
the average person though obviously
you're not gonna do all that legwork and
I think that's where someone like you
comes in going I will sit down read all
this stuff yeah and now distill it to
you in a way that makes some sense yeah
well my background I mean you know
before before really diving into health
and nutrition and fitness I was a
journalist you know at Current TV which
was my first job out of college and so
getting to work with the journalists
there you know Peabody award-winning
journalists award-winning storytellers
it gave me a sense of how to ask
questions how to pick my sources and
then when I became interested in
nutrition and health you know I kind of
knew not only where to look but how to
look and and yeah and you know my unique
job gave me the time and the ability and
you know my personal circumstances yeah
and so yeah I don't expect everybody to
do
their own research but I do think that
people should do their own research I do
think that the the you know healthcare
healthcare is something that we like to
pretend that we're able to sort of
offload to our healthcare providers
right but you don't go to a doctor to be
healthy you go to a doctor to become
free of disease or to have a disease
treated I think health care really is
something that you know starts in the
kitchen and in the gym and it's
something that we you know that we have
to in you know and view our lives with
day to day yeah and I wanted to start
with that because I think it sets the
table properly because I know on YouTube
there's a million people talking about
health and diets and all that stuff and
I want people to understand that you're
somebody that I know has been in this
for a long time actually doing the
research so let's go to that that
personal circumstance part that you
mentioned you sort of got into this it's
probably only about five years ago you
with the circumstances with your mom and
all yeah yeah so when I left Current TV
to sort of figure out where I was gonna
go with my career it was sort of in that
downtime in between jobs that my mom
started displaying very strange symptoms
that I couldn't explain I mean memory
you know problems with her memory she
complained of brain fog and she also had
changes to her gait that were very
apparent I mean my mom is a spirited New
Yorker and New Yorkers walk very fast
they walk everywhere and my mom ran a
business so cognitively she was always
very sharp and essentially what we what
we saw is that my mom's cognition took
like a it just seemed to have like you
know like a web browser with too many
open tabs is how I described it you know
just you know like a stuttering frame
rate on a YouTube video with a poor
internet connection and my mom's gate
changed where you know before she was a
very fast Walker
she almost developed sort of like a
shuffle and both of these strange
symptoms seemed to come on at once and I
had no prior family history of any
neurodegenerative disease you know
dementia to me was not a term that I was
familiar with I didn't know what else hi
MERS disease was actually when I thought
about the word dementia you know I
thought about that character from The
Addams Family movie you know like it was
like cousin it's or Fester's like a rush
or something her name was dementia which
was actually pretty fun
but yeah so coinciding with like my
ignorance I had the time to go with my
mom to some of the top neurology
departments in the country we were very
fortunate to be able to do that we went
to you know NYU Columbia and New York
Johns Hopkins in Baltimore the Cleveland
Clinic all in hopes of trying to find
some kind of diagnosis for my mom to see
what was going on and it was in 2011 at
the Cleveland Clinic where my mom was
diagnosed with a neurodegenerative
disease for the first time and she was
prescribed drugs for both Parkinson's
disease and Alzheimer's disease and at
that moment I mean my world pretty much
stopped like I it was I'm a pretty chill
guy that that weekend or that week in
Cleveland it was the first time in my
life that I'd ever had a panic attack I
was just so freaked out by the
possibility that my mom had this fatal
disease for which there is no cure or
particularly meaningful treatment and I
basically became unable to think about
anything else let alone my career I
ended up you know my mom started taking
the drugs I ended up coming back to LA
to try to you know look for jobs and do
what it is that you do when you live in
LA and you're a journalist on TV and I
basically became unable to think about
anything other than nutrition you know
every waking minute that I wasn't you
know doing something career related I
was in PubMed digging through the
research and what I think really
motivated this journey from you was the
fact that what I uncovered in the
research was a stark contrast to the you
know what neuroscientist Norman Doidge
calls neurological nihilism to the to
the despair and bleakness that I
experienced in those doctors offices
with my mom yeah can you describe what
that is yeah what are they actually
telling you well the despair yeah so I
call it diagnosed and audio's you know
basically there's a there's a there's a
quote that I learned that is circulated
amongst medical school medical school
students that neurologists don't treat
disease they admire it that's because
the brain is a mystery for the most part
I mean we know quite a bit about the
brain which is surprising
there's a lot more unknowns than notes
at this point and treatments for
neurological diseases are very limited
you know no there's no approved drug for
Alzheimer's disease that has a disease
modifying treatment they only act as
band-aids like chemical band-aids
essentially that work to sort of
artificially boost neurotransmitters in
the brain but they do nothing to solve
the underlying pathology and you know
drug trials are notoriously bad flies
are just announced for example that
they're gonna stop pursuing
pharmaceutical treatments for
Alzheimer's disease because treating the
quest to find a drug to treat the
disease has like a ninety nine point six
two percent fail rate that's worse than
any other you know disease so meaning
that they're getting out of the game
altogether they view this as something
that can't be solved yeah via drugs I
mean that sounds incredible I don't know
how often that happens with other
diseases right that sounds that sounds
pretty staggering yeah I mean another
huge pharmaceutical company basically
recently announced this ain't the same
thing axe event yeah it's a massive fell
rate so think about it from like the
perspective perspective of an investor
you know are you gonna invest in an
Alzheimer's or in any drug trial that
has you know a ninety nine point six
percent fail rate it's you know it's
just not a smart investment and that's
why Alzheimer's disease research is
criminally underfunded or I shouldn't
say criminally it makes sense although
it's tragic because you know if there
was a pill tomorrow that I could give my
mom that would help in a meaningful way
of course I wouldn't want it I wanted
for all the five million people in
America that are suffering from
Alzheimer's disease well I'm just saying
you know because I can bring almost
anything back to politics it's like this
is a good argument for a publicly funded
scientific research because it doesn't
have to deal with the bottom line where
you're saying yeah these companies they
have to deal with the bottom line and
shareholders and they have to then stop
at some point if they can't get far
enough where something publicly funded
they can keep going to the science
hopefully although you found that there
are some other ways to deal with this
and that's that's really what changed
your life yeah so I you know I so on the
one hand I became really interested in
learning about diet you know potential
diet and lifestyle interventions
that I could throw my mom's away to sort
of help her but then at the same time I
became really conscious of my own brain
health because I learned that changes
begin in the brain decades before the
first symptom of Alzheimer's disease
which is just one form of dementia but
even Parkinson's disease by the time you
show your first symptom of Parkinson's
disease half of the neurons involved in
movement in that part in the part of the
brain associated with Parkinson's
disease are already dead so these are
not you know like any chronic disease
these are not diseases that develop
overnight they take years if not decades
to develop and I became really
interested in doing what I could do in
my own life to maximize my brain health
so that I might not have to deal with
what it is that my mom is dealing with
well go from there and will slightly
shift to your book and obviously this is
all intertwined this is the advance copy
the book comes out in a couple weeks and
I was reading a little bit and I just
thought that the opening alone was was
really perfect so I'm just gonna read
the opening paragraph
unless do you want to read it in your
own voice maybe maybe you should you
know what okay I'm gonna let you read
the reading paragraph of your book oh
man I thought it was pretty beautiful
thank you so much
nestled within your skull mere inches
from your eyes are eighty six billion of
the most efficient transistors in the
known universe this neural network is
you running the operating system we know
is life and no computer yet conceived
comes close to its awesome capabilities
forged over millions and millions of
years of life on earth your brain is
capable of storing nearly eight thousand
iPhones worth of information everything
you are do love feel care for longed for
and aspire to is enabled by an
incredibly complex invisible symphony of
neurological processes elegant seamless
and blisteringly fast when scientists
tried to simulate just one second of a
human brains abilities it took
supercomputers 40 minutes to do so so
yeah I mean the brain isn't we each are
heir to this amazing birthright yeah I
know forged over millions of million you
know millions and millions of years of
life on earth and yet the modern world
is fighting it at every turn you know
from the toxic industrial products that
have saturated the food supply to the
dietary advice that we've been given
