all right people we are live on the
YouTube and we're kicking off 2018 with
the editor-in-chief of The Daily wire
and a man whose facts don't care about
your feelings Ben Shapiro
welcome back that's not news work I am
doing well we just did a major download
on Star Wars for the past half-hour we
did we should have been streaming a hit
of it say I'm not trying to talk Star
Wars than anything else we're getting
talked about yeah we're gonna talk about
Empire's building and crumbling and
ilium poll and good and light and dark I
don't know how much is gonna be related
to the force but yeah I don't know
either
and how much is gonna be related to that
horrible subplot on Kent you know like
whatever it is the gambling planet that
was the gambling planet that was he's
doing okay first of all when they free
let's do it when they free the kangaroo
camel okay and then she finally says now
it's worth it yeah like you should you
should die in a fiery ball of hate that
was just that entire subplot just
garbage all they to do was change two
things in the movie works they have to
make kylo call off the attack on the
transports and raise sides with him and
then we don't know what's going on we
don't know if there's a light side and a
dark side we don't know if it's all if
they've finally critted the unified
force or what the deal is and Luke and
Leia are still alive out there going
what is going on there have been so
interesting they do that and also they
just get rid of that entire horrifying
subplot that never should have happened
and all could have been done away with
by Laura Dern just saying to Poe first
of all I know weather learns there but
they've been by Laura Dern saying to Poe
by the way we're going to fly to that
planet right there that we're looking at
that one yeah right as opposed to well
now have a 35-minute waste of my time
yeah the Lightspeed thing was pretty
cool but that should have been at bar
you know fingers wrap yeah then should
have died in both movies not even about
snow so here's my Lightspeed thing okay
yeah if that is a weapon if Lightspeed
is a weapon yeah then why wouldn't they
have used it in the first Star Wars film
right well they're so for right they get
in and it's this whole thing about how
they have to shoot the proton the the
photon torpedo down there down the hole
instead it why doesn't when they just
like go to that place and then shoot
through the through the Death Star why
do you ever get tired of being so
factual Shapiro
does it ever get exhausting for you yeah
I mean that's why you talk about Star
Wars but it
all right we got a lot to do here I do
have a few of these I don't know that
I'm gonna get any on that first off I
want you to know in the years that we've
been doing the Reuben report I've never
had to spend money on security but it
cost me six hundred thousand dollars to
secure my home and this studio my garage
just for you to be here that's how can I
help it's worth it I mean see I've sized
the cost I have the Mossad on the roof
the whole thing incredible yeah well
thank you for that I appreciate it I
feel very secure did you ever think if
if I would have talked to Ben Shapiro
five years ago before I knew you and
before so much change in these last
couple years that talking about the
things that you talked about that to me
are whether I agree or disagree and
we're gonna get into both of those but
that are basically mainstream
conservative views did you ever think
you would be thought of as so
controversial I can safely say that the
last five years have been one giant what
the WTF because yeah I mean the idea
that they would require over half a
million dollars of security and hundreds
of police officers for me to go and say
that identity politics is stupid at
Berkeley yeah like I literally said that
the year before with no security right
so it's it's all bizarre and it just
shows you that everyone has lost their
minds I think that work through the
looking-glass at this point do you see a
moment when it happened because I think
there's a couple points we can all look
to that it started to happen and I think
a little bit of our old former friend or
whatever you want to call him Milo add a
lot to do it didn't Trump and just the
trolling and it reaching out into the
world and all about I actually think
that if I were gonna peg a moment when I
think that it really when America may
have jumped the shark when when things
started to go awry in a serious way I
probably would look to Ferguson what
happened in Ferguson because they having
the president of the United States
basically say that riots are justified
if you like what the rioters are
standing for even if the facts don't
even support the story that the rioters
are standing for I think that drove
people out of their minds and on both
sides I think that it made people feel
like the narrative was more important
than facts on one side and if the
narrative is more important than facts
on your side then it must be more
important on my side too so we'll just
hunker down in our respective identity
politics bunkers and it's a night but
each other yeah and get very angry over
over without any common basis of facts
because I mean this is why I focus so
much on facts and listen I'm not gonna
pretend that every opinion I have is if
but when there's a fact I try to
distinguish it from my opinion I'll try
to give you the fact and then say and
now here's my opinion on the fact once
we got away from the common basis of
fact it's very difficult to have a
conversation at all and that's why I
think people are always surprised when I
speak on campus and then when I speak
with people who I disagree with on
politics all the time and we can have a
nice cordial conversation so long as we
agree what's a fact and what's a what's
an opinion yeah but that's getting
harder right I mean just getting people
to agree on the set of facts is becoming
virtually impossible people are offended
so much by the fact that they feel like
a fact is is offensive to who I am as a
human being and this is the one that
I've run into the most obviously this is
whenever I say if I say that I think
that you know poverty is largely caused
by human behavior as opposed to by
identity then people take that as though
I'm casting aspersions against their
identity if I go on campus and I say
that according the Brookings Institute
right just get married before you have
babies hold a job graduate high school
and you won't be permanently poor in the
United States people get offended cuz
they say well but I'm poor and I didn't
fulfill maybe one of those rules but I'm
still the person so why would you say
something like that so it's it's much
easier I think to be offended than to
take responsibility for your own actions
and that has unfortunately I think
fallen on all sides to where do you
think the Conservatives then dropped the
ball on this like the fact that so many
people are turning to you right now and
I think I messaged you my husband was at
Home Depot and there was a guy working
there who was you know a stock guy
Mexican stock guy and he was blasting
ben shapiro show on his and every like
you know Blasi no head yeah yeah just
blasting it and it's like I'm two aisles
over and I'm like is Shapiro over there
but that what if something happened
obviously to conservatives that they got
completely tuned out and then you sort
of have led this I think resurgence of
this I mean I think the point is there a
fourth guy on that I mean in terms of
fault I think that conservatives have
never spoken well in terms of morality
in terms with with it out of politics
they've always spoken in terms of
statistics and data and they do the Paul
Ryan accountant routine and so when
people think of conservatives they think
of one or two things they think of Paul
Ryan with an accounting briefcase or
they think of Pat Buchanan or maybe
Donald Trump saying something that they
find offensive and those are the ways
that people
identify with conservatism or identify
what conservatives are and what I've
tried to do is say that there is a moral
tenor to the facts here's my moral
narrative but here are the facts that
I'm drawing them from and I'm less
concerned about how you feel about that
than I am about whether it's true or not
and that seems to be in an era where
people's feelings are so high somebody
just coming out and saying listen your
feelings don't matter to me like at all
yeah and here's what I think is true and
if you like it if you don't you know and
I'm not coming out to try and hurt you
or anything I'm just saying what I think
is true if you're offended tough badugi
is like and you know that's that seems
to have found a place for some people so
I was actually going to do this a little
bit later but since you just emphasized
the feeling things I thought we'd dive
into this now so you know one of the
things that that a lot of people like
you for and I think a lot of people
criticize you for is some of the trans
stuff now I think we're in complete
agreement on what actual biology is and
you know in that very chair and she sat
on this side once I had Blair white I
wouldn't you're probably familiar right
okay so Blair barest it is it okay so so
Blair is a good friend of mine she just
had dinner here and she look
biologically she is a man and I think
she would more he acknowledges it yes
okay so that's the part that I want to
talk to you about so when I say that
when I say I figured you I figured that
that is why cuz I think you can get to a
place here that might actually be
positive for people that view this both
ways so when I say Xian that I to me
that is I I know this person I respect
this person I like this person and I'm
just showing them a little bit of grace
and dignity to what I'm doing now if the
government but you so you take like the
Jordan Peterson problem in Canada right
if the government was saying to me you
have to use this pronoun right now I
have a major problem with that right but
your knee-jerk response to that is what
where I think the Conservatives maybe
are missing something here and I think
you can bridge the gap and I want to
tell me okay
well that big damn deal so your desire
to say he I just mean that's only
because I'm a public figure meaning that
when we're discussing policy issues in
public and want to discuss some whether
a man is a man or a woman is a woman
which is the reason you're having Blair
on right if Blair we're not discussing
trans issues unless you were talking tax
policy with Blair which is probably a
secondary priority I think then
the reason they're having Blair on is
that you can talk specifically about
these issues and so in the context of
discussing those issues I think that it
is very necessary to draw definitional
lines and that doesn't change based on
who I'm talking to right I mean like I
wouldn't and and there are issues of
self-identity and then there are issues
of what is the definition that we are
currently using like if Rachel Dolezal
we're sitting across from Rachel Dolezal
thinks that Rachel Dolezal is is black
person right right I assume that you
wouldn't say Rachel Dolezal as a black
person in front of Rachel Dolezal just
to make Rachel Dolezal feel better you'd
probably say no your white person why
are you making the argument that your
black person okay so this is where
you're giving me a good dose of ben
shapiro logic so if i was to compare
these two right Rachel Dolezal is white
says she's black no one in their right
mind thinks she's black I don't so this
is so it's I got you your time color by
the way if letters you want to be called
he then I'll just call Blair Blair right
but it but and and I'm happy to do that
in interpersonal relations but but it's
a different thing we're constantly
interacting in the public sphere and so
interacting the public sphere means that
I have to use these definitions because
otherwise the way the game is played is
the minute that I say that Blair White
is she then it's that I'm now
acknowledging that Blair White is a is a
female witch Blair White is not okay so
I'm glad you said that so okay so you're
making a distinction between the public
way we talk about things and sort of
your own private interactions are privy
to your interactions 100% and I think
that's important because that's the part
here where I see this I mean you know
this you know this personally I like we
you and I have talked about public
policy with regard to with regard to the
same-sex marriage you know that when it
comes to same-sex marriage I don't
believe the same sex marriage and
heterosexual marriage are on a par even
though I don't think the government
should be involved in that but I'd have
you and your husband over my house right
I've been in dinner with you in your
house yeah so that it's different
talking about public policy or marriage
accordingly should and it its stellar by
the way being so is your husband medal
so in terms of that part though do you
think it in some way does you a slight
disservice that that you're staking out
a position that I understand why you're
saying it out and also right you're
staking it out sort of because your
enemies will take advantage of it
intellectually honest and I
respect that and I understand that but
the other piece of this to me and maybe
this is where I just still have a little
guilty liberal yeah you know what I mean
perhaps it is but where I see this as
sort of this is just sort of grace and
dignity and and where I want to judge
people as the individual that they are
and and I and I would also like to judge
people obviously as an individual which
is why I say that when we're not in
public setting then you know things may
change but yeah the the entire purpose
of bringing people forward to discuss
trans issues who are trans themselves
the entire intent of doing that is to
prevent you from having an honest
conversation sometimes about the issue
yeah not because the expertise per se
because there plenty of experts on trans
issues who are not themselves trans I
mean they're professors so I think know
a lot more about trans issues than some
of the trans folks people sure are out
there who are making some absurd Clint
and we can argue about the data but
usually the the reason that you have
this argument with somebody who's trans
or a trans advocate who happens to be
trans is specifically so that there is
this element of shame that's injected
into the conversation where if you
really felt that way would you call this
person a he right and the answer is yes
I would call that person to he because
the person is a he like that's not and
that's yeah as you say that's that's
where I think I'm polarizing right
that's where my popularity may come from
in some of these areas and it's also
where my unpopularity may come from in
some of these areas but it's not meant
to be
I'm here to offend you it's we are
literally here discussing the issue of
whether you are a key or a shape right
that is the entire basis of this
conversation is are you a he or a she
yeah and so I'm not going to grant you
the point in the middle of a
conversation about this by giving you
the opposite of what my opinion is on
the issue like that that completely
defeats the purpose of the conversation
right and I do understand that line of
thinking it's just so interesting to me
because you're conceding the fact that
because as a public person you're held
to a different level of honesty or at
least in your own mind right like you're
trying to be honest yeah you try to be
intellectually honest it would be
interesting if we had this conversation
and neither of us were public people at
all if maybe your thoughts on I mean I
think different I think my thoughts
would probably be almost entirely the
same but I think the question is what
level of politeness is necessary for a
public conversation about a public issue
yeah and that's why I don't like the
game that's played by the media this is
the this is the problem that I had with
you know when when I originally wanted
me to prominence was the Piers Morgan
interview yes my problem with Piers
Morgan doing the whole here's a 50
here's a gunshot victim now talk to the
gunshot victim about gun control yeah
and the answer is well why do I have to
talk to a gunshot victim why can't we
just talk about the policy yeah right
whenever a shame tactic is brought into
the conversation as a way to make me not
give my true opinion because I'm
supposed to be ashamed of my true
opinion in front of this person I'm not
ashamed of my opinion and I'll say
exactly what my opinion is in front of
this person and the camera yeah right so
this it changes the conversation
slightly when you're having a public
discussion about a public issue with a
public person yeah how much of this is
just the way that I mean it's that type
of thing that happened with Piers Morgan
that I'm sure most of these people have
seen it's like that the media has used
has used shame it's used sound bites
it's used selective editing all of the
tricks that we know about that you know
you and I are constantly mocking CNN for
that they brought this a brought this
upon themselves I mean they did and it's
and one of the things that I I will
admit I get a kick out of calling out
their on this kind of stuff you
know the when you have the when you have
Jimmy Kimmel bringing out his kid and
using his kid as a lever for his
politics that bothers me no and in the
same way that the gunshot victim bothers
me in the same way that a trans advocate
who may not know that much about actual
biology talking about trans issues but
it's supposed to be from a position of
sympathy the injection of emotion into
political issues does not make things
better it makes things worse typically
yeah right for people that didn't see
your bid on that can you just do like a
quick two minute download on what Kimmel
did and why you thought it was so rude
as I was disgusting I mean well Jimmy
Kimmel who is bi from what I hear I mean
he's for his friends and Adam Carolla
with a guy with him I'm very friendly
you know he's he seems like a nice
person but but what he does is he brings
his his kid into it by suggesting that
his kid who had open-heart surgery at
Children's Hospital with dr. Vaughn
Starnes that his child was a good reason
why Obama care should be upheld in
current form now Jimmy Kimmel doesn't
know anything about Obama care it's
obvious he knows nothing about Obama
care and then after the after the
Republicans were trying to repeal part
of Obamacare then he actually brought
his child on air with him to make the
case that they shouldn't repeal Obama
care and he actually brought his little
kid who's going through surgery now I
have a few problems with this number one
I have two kids who are under the age of
four I would never inject them in a
public conversation ever I don't even
post public pictures of them because I
don't think they should be subjected to
that I think using children like that is
cruel beyond that my daughter had
open-heart surgery at the same hospital
