Wow
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
before we did anything because this is
my third event in a row through
turning-point and today partly with the
Iran Institute I was at UMass on Monday
and it was a great event totally
respectful and fun challenging questions
with you guys really just a great
exchange of ideas everything that I'm
that I'm living for at the moment and
then I was at the University of New
Hampshire yesterday live here tonight
yeah well it is closer to died yesterday
is just an absolute circus there they
could not secure a room on campus
because of threats they moved us about
300 students they moved us to a 7,500
seat hockey arena which was I thought
that was in an episode of veep right
just like a faith background or
something and just and screaming and
noisemakers and all of the things that
you guys have come to know these are the
things that are shutting down civil
discourse so I hope tonight that will it
will do it severally we are completely
open you know Your Honor I just
discussed we will we will take any and
all questions that you guys have we have
no plan right now other than to talk it
out and we agree on some stuff some
stuff we disagree on you notice she's to
my right and I in some ways I Bobby's
become somebody that is to the right of
your on Bill which now I'm sure
Huffington Post will call me all right
did you guys see this today at Vanity
Fair another one of these hit pieces I
mean these people are not everyone that
I'm friends with apparently is a Nazi
which you know as a former member of the
IDF so the point is if there are any
protesters here he knows how to use a
gun so be careful so we're gonna talk
about free markets we're gonna talk
about free speech we're going to talk
about all the things that I think you
guys know that we we care about and and
we're excited to be here so I thought
first off I'm gonna throw something kind
of interesting at you I think something
seriously big shifted in the universe
last week because of Kanye West you know
I'm more the Frank Sinatra guy myself
but but Kanye I think by tweeting seven
words I love the way Candace Owens
thinks he offered oxygen to the space
that I think you guys are in and that
were in he just offered a little space
for some other people to think a little
bit differently to look a little more
critically at some of the issues that
we're constantly talking about and and
he's talking about the individual and I
with a second that happened I called you
and I said this is a moment for you guys
because Kanye West is talking about the
individual do you think I'm crazy for
this thought no I think I think we are
at an interesting moment in time I think
that I actually think they laughed and I
know I know a lot of people disagree
with madness I think the left is in
retreat the left is completely and
utterly bankrupt and I think New
Hampshire was kind of evidence of that
when you're completely bankrupt when you
have nothing to say when you have
nowhere to go
you get noisemakers and you make lots of
noise because you can't actually
communicate anymore you all you can do
is yell and shout and scream and you
know you you're like a little child
because you'll completely all you have
is emotion you have no mind anymore and
I really think that the left is
it's not dead obviously because it holds
the universities in a whole mass of
political power still
but the radical the crazy the nutty left
is an illustration of that this whole
thing is in decline and even Kanye West
sees it right so it's gotten to the
point we even some people in pop culture
are looking at these people and saying
no no this this is nuts
the there's not there's no there there
there's nothing there's nothing to hold
on - there's no values there well what
do we do with these people and I think
of all the communities the black
community should be the one at the
forefront of this because they've been
betrayed by the left for generations now
you know since the civil rights movement
where yes the people stood up for them
and and marched with them and and they
deserve all the credit in the world for
doing that but since that the war
poverty has not helped them all the all
the whole welfare state everything that
the government is tried to do to
so-called help them has actually made
them worse off and things are worse I
mean Chicago is probably the best place
in the world right now to see this right
because they are worse off than if
they'd never be in a war on poverty if
they'd never been you know certain parts
of the Civil Rights Act if they've never
been this massive attempt somehow to
help them you know say mother government
is here to help you right that is a
awful awful sign when somebody says that
right to you so I think I think I think
the bankrupt I think they're out of
ideas I don't know if you saw Bernie
Sanders the latest idea is that the
governor's guarantee a job to everybody
everybody gets a job like like if you
can't find a job in the private sector
we'll pay you 15 bucks an hour you can
dig ditches and fill them in right all
day long they can fill they can fill and
and this is a serious proposal we've got
two other Democrats who are running for
president who have endorsed this Booker
and not Camilla Harris the the the
from New York the New York senator yeah
go ban right
I mean this is naughty did you just
announce that they're both running for
president I did and you know that's just
so stupid great that that there's
nothing there's nothing there the real
question is and they were question is
okay so what what now right what what
were places that what fills the void
what what is what is the alternative to
this nuttiness and the idea to Kanye
West is talking about the individual I
don't know what he means by that I see
all kinds of tweets by him some of them
make sense of them completely weird yeah
but if we can start having a discussion
about the individual and what that means
and and there may be what individual
rights mean and and what is
individualism mean and maybe get him a
copy The Fountainhead maybe can read
that then it becomes interesting then
we're talking about the right kind of
things if the alternative is sorry make
America great again
then I'm dubious you know may come I can
eat again there's a big guy I don't know
that that's the answer that I like this
idea of talking about the individual
well look I I don't know that it's the
answer either I don't think look as I
said in my direct message last week I
don't know what Kanye's political
beliefs are at any moment you know all
of these people that are now worshipping
him as a hero they most likely will come
to regret it when he does something
nutty but I think he offered oxygen to a
space that needed a little oxygen you
know a few of us what what Eric
Weinstein calls the intellectual dark
web there's been this group of about
twenty people kind of trying to just say
you know what some of us are on the Left
sam harris some of us are on the right
ben shapiro but we're trying to figure
out what the answers are without
destroying each other and i think Kanye
offered a little air to that but also
what's interesting to me is the way the
media suddenly just went on a complete
rampage against him
and the lead moment in in Twitter
moments was about far right Candace
Owens far right Candace Owens who's had
dinner at my house with me and my
husband I mean this woman she's not a
gracious black by the way not that black
people can't be racist but they're
calling her anti black the way that
they're you know all these hit pieces
run on Kanye did you guys see the the
piece that Maxine Waters released a
statement about Kanye that he should
basically stay in his lame and and and
it's like this is actually the soft
bigotry of low expectations that that
someone dares to think differently and
you say no no we're gonna put me back
plantation where we've kept you yeah
exactly and this has to be thought no it
definitely and and I think it also gives
a you know space now to other people in
the entertainment business that you know
as you know yeah a silent because
they're afraid and he gives space to I
think that minority community that feels
betrayed by the left to speak out
against it and and that they've never
spoken they're not afraid to speak to
that point I almost every day now I get
a direct message on Twitter from
somebody that's a public person either a
musician or an actor or something
telling me that they agree with me but
they won't say it publicly I got
something today from somebody in the
music biz that most of you probably know
saying that they they're afraid to come
out of the closet what do you mean I
mean that was the phrase they used I
mean were you part of friends of Abe the
secret society in Hollywood do we always
talk about that it was before I before I
moved to LA you have to be a secret
society in Los Angeles called Friends of
Abe which was all the directors produces
lighting people everybody in the film
industry who was left of I don't know
Lennon a right of lenders Yeah right you
know right of right of of a leftist
agenda and they used to get together and
there was a coffee shop in Hollywood
where like every Wednesday they would
get you know people would get together
and wasn't that many of them and then
once in a while they have these big
gatherings and I went once in a while
3,000 people and a lot of people like I
know that guy I know you know all these
movie stars they you don't know and they
all stay silent because they were afraid
we're talking about 3,000 people some of
them the biggest some of the biggest
producers in Hollywood some of the
biggest
actors in Hollywood will not come out as
being conservatives of being a
libertarian or being anything other than
the left because they're afraid for
their livelihood but that's why I love
doing these events with you guys because
I truly believe this that we are living
in such a unique time right now where
everything is up in the air the world
truly is yours when you get out of
college like ever there is nobody that
knows what's gonna happen tomorrow much
less than a year from now nobody knows
the Trump has just tossed the chessboard
up the pieces or everywhere and you guys
will be able to make the future and the
funny thing is when I agreed to do some
events with Iran and AR I I got people
telling me that oh you know I'm working
with these these far-right maniacs and
I've got to know you pretty well and
you're constantly screaming about
freedom I mean all you care about the
only thing you care about is freedom and
so it leads me to this I want to do a
little poem let's do it by applause so
that the live stream people can catch it
how many of you at one time were on the
left yeah I could be in that area yeah
and and how many of you would say you're
conservative now how many conservative
yeah it supposed to clap yeah still
doing the hands okay how many of you are
libertarian there's always there's
always one loudly there's a few Chuck
Barry Johnson ladies and gentlemen right
here yeah how many of you are
Objectivist
[Applause]
how many of you are progressives do we
have any progressives here with a little
rule and you you kind of oh we got one
right here and you kind of nodded half a
little bit you're I don't know if you
were just shifting in your seat but
that's great I mean I would love for
progressives to be here and I'd love to
take a question from you maybe at the
end so all right so we have a little
oxygen in this space I do believe
perhaps something has happened where
we're starting to win a little bit I
think that there's their lashing out the
way they are because if they're sort of
like a wounded animal at the end who
you're trying to put your hand out there
and offer them something and they only
know how to strike back so just very
quickly last night when I was at
University of New Hampshire there was a
what you know there's they're screaming
and they're shouting me down and they
got their noisemakers and their
repetitive droning I mean the the chants
they're like robots or zombies or
whatever but there was a woman in the
back who I had been talking about Jordan
Peterson and we'll put him on the map
obviously was the bill in Canada the
trans bill that if you misgendered
somebody you could potentially face a
fine which perhaps could have become a
law and then imprisonment and all sorts
of things and Jordan said I have no
issue with trans people but I don't want
the government to be allowed to tell me
what I can and cannot say I think most
rational people can agree with this and
I told that story and there was a trans
woman in the back and she started
yelling at me and you know telling me I
don't like trans people and all that and
I told her that I want her to have the
same rights as everyone else and live
with the same dignity as everybody else
and and hopefully find someone that
loves her in life and can find goodness
and all that stuff and I said is there
anything that I just said there that
would lead you to believe that I'm
transphobic or a bigot or anything and I
could see it in her she didn't know what
to do so she basically just yelled that
she hated me or something to that effect
and we have the video of this and maybe
we'll release it I don't want to make it
about her because I think you know the
other guys often are attacking people I
don't want to attack people I want to
attack ideas but I but I thought it was
a good example of where we're at at the
moment which is there ain't much left
but now my question for you is how do
you show people that they can get out
and that they can realize that freedom
and limited government and free markets
and all of that
truly is the answer well first before
you say that I just want to support what
you said because I think it's really I
mean there really is a backlash against
these people and and you can see it
I think Berkeley is a great example of
this right last year Ben Shapiro tried
to speak at Berkeley and and tifo went
nuts and everybody went nuts and it was
shut down and the University did nothing
this year the university said no we
believe in free speech we're actually
gonna let everybody speak I mean you'd
think they got that earlier but you know
maybe it took a few riots and this year
but real spoke and yeah the university
has spent six hundred thousand dollars
to protect Tim six hundred thousand
dollars so a little Orthodox Jew could
give it up each do you realize how
insane that is but in an odd way you
went to Berkeley and I went to Penn it
was you know and I don't think they
spent six hundred thousand but they it
was a lot of security well it was wrong
it was fine but it happened and the
point is that I think even
administration's that some of these
universities are figuring out that maybe
the wrong strategy is to just let this
run amok and and that's a good sign how
do you do it how do you convince people
and this is the key because the key is
to have an alternative to have an
alternative to what the left is offering
and there has to be something positive
that you have to inspire people with and
I think that positive has to be at a
personal level I think I think politics
takes care of itself I don't think that
debate at the end of the day and a
challenge at the end of the day and the
discussion at the end of the day needs
to be at the political level the real
question is do you as an individual want
to be able to make decisions for you do
you value your life do you value your
life enough to be to one to live your
life to the fullest and be able to make
decisions about who you sleep with and
who you marry and about what kind of
business you want to start and what kind
of profession you enter without getting
permission right so once you leave
college do you get to make decisions for
yourself is your life valuable enough to
be able to you to be able to make those
decisions for yourself that is really
the key question and if the answer is
yes I want to make decisions for myself
then everything else follows easy
from that and yes I have the tool to
make those decisions my mind we all have
this reasoning capacity we all have the
tool to make decisions and to live well
for ourselves then everything else flows
from that then it means that but out
right but out of my life leave me alone
which is all basically what we're asking
politically is let the government be
there to protect us from people wanting
to intervene in our lives with force and
other than that leave us alone
because we can take care of ourselves so
I'm gonna make your own blush here for a
second I've told the story once or twice
I think I said it to you to your face
what last time you did my show but he's
not just saying this this isn't just
stuff he's saying he's really telling
you something on the human level that is
very true and I know it because I heard
it from him and it changed my life so as
some of you may know we were on Ora TV
the Reuben report was on or a TV for a
while after we left the Young Turks and
the show that's when the show really
started blowing up and bigger the show
got the more that the network wanted
from us and and some of their failing
shows they were kind of letting skate by
and I couldn't really understand that I
thought you need to be giving us more
now so that we can expand but instead
they wanted to take more from us and I
had never met you before before you had
been on my show you came in we sat there
for an hour and your own talked about
rational self-interest and why you
should fight for the things that you
believe in and that you shouldn't just
give of yourself endlessly and
everything else that you just said and
we finished that interview I walked
right into the control room and my team
was in there and I said to them guys I'm
gonna leave here and I hope you'll come
with me and fortunately the guys that I
wanted to come with me came with me and
from that moment of two months later we
launched independently and my life
completely changed and the show has
blown up since then and I've used those
ideas I mean the way that I've even
built my business has been with these
principles so I know that these are real
things these aren't he's not just
sitting here saying take charge of your
life as if as if it's some like you know
mumbo jumbo it's something that's real I
know and I'm saying it because it
affected to me this is like a thousand
times more important to politics
I mean what's really important what you
an individual do with your life whether
you take responsibility for it whether
you really understand that you got one
shot at this
there's no we play every second you live
you don't get again right never waste a
second in that sense it's about living
life to the fullest and making the most
of that life and not just you know it's
hard for when we're this big that we
