[Music]
we've got more Rubin report YouTube week
in partnership with library today and
joining me is a social commentator a
failed musician and a mediocre gamer
some black guy welcome to the Rubin
report and thanks des for having me it's
great to be here surreal dude I took
that bio right out of your YouTube by
yeah so I don't want people to think
that I'm calling you a mediocre gamer as
we start because we've already talked
video games I suspect you know slightly
better than a mediocre game I'm I guess
I'm moderately ok but on the grand scale
of things when you watch pro gamers and
stuff I'm terrible you know can when you
really when you really think about it
yeah I'm pretty bad too - slightly tell
you that we have a bit of an age
difference here just the idea to me that
there are pro video gamers now like if
there had existed when I was closer to
your age man I mean that's what I would
have wanted to do right in a pro gamer
right yeah yeah definitely uh that's
something that I actually had some what
if I wanted to dabble in in it but I
remember I had a kind of slap into
reality when I bought it was the Marvel
vs. Capcom 3 back in like 2011 I started
playing online thinking that I was great
because I was great at the second one
yeah I think I won like two matches and
I lost like twenty that dude no no that
there's people that are just amazing
what system was that on that was on Xbox
360 that was on that and I was trying to
like say maybe if I can if I'm good here
then maybe I can compete and I couldn't
just beat your regular everyday people
that probably grind all the time same
thing with Call of Duty just there's
people are just too good men and then
it's not fun anymore that's the problem
right for these guys like they love it
they're great at it but then at some
point it's almost like everything with
our yeah someone in it when it stops
being fun it's it kind of sucks oh yeah
and that's something that it kind of
taken just taking a step back from it
and then having it be a hobby that
that's the best thing you really can't I
don't know if I i would probably love it
being a ha being pro and being in my job
but then at the same time then when it
becomes your job you lose that pureness
and that just the fun it'll probably
suck a lot of it out of it which I know
a lot of people feel that way about
YouTube to a certain
and we are gonna get into all of that
and much more you know I used to work I
don't want to brag but I was assistant
manager at Electronics Boutique which
you know I remember you guys know now
known as Game Stop and I remember by I
thought it was going to be like the
coolest job in the world I was right out
of college I was like oh I'm gonna be
like in the video game world yes selling
video games I thought it's gonna be so
awesome but selling video games and
playing video games very different
things like it was not nearly as fun as
playing video games oh yeah I imagine so
I actually tried to get a job in it
wasn't uh wasn't eb games but it was
game crazy they had games crazy and it
was for Hollywood video and my friend
got the job instead I don't know why I
don't I don't want to you know say
anything people were probably my fans
like the method or what you're implying
my fans like the message me but you know
where I'm going what they would probably
say but uh yeah he told me about how
ridiculous it was and people are always
trying to steal stuff yeah and one guy
actually he put it was when Xbox 360 was
brand new he put it on the counter dude
ran out with it Jesse's looked it and my
friend tried to chase after him and he
got fired because of it
I once tackled a guy that's really you a
dad I mean imagine going to electronics
blue team this guy just stole turbo tax
it wasn't even stealing something good
not even stealing like some car chase
game or something somebody should say
steal a turbo tackle I literally ran out
of store and tackled the guy I quit I
quit like I was like what am I doing
with my life alright wait let's rewind
for just a second so I intro you as as
some black guy yeah but you have a real
name I believe I need Derek yes and it's
funny because when I was doing a little
research
Derek Blackman came up and I thought
wait a minute now is his name really
Derek Blackman and he goes by some black
eye how do I ask this question because
YouTube's waiting to call me racist so
you're really so your name is Derek mr.
Blackman is not it's not it's an alias
it today yeah a lot of people you know
when they see that like wow is it really
black man like no unfortunately it's not
it's something that I just I like to put
out there because you know I don't like
people I don't mind people knowing my my
first and my last name my surname it's
pilot by the way like a regular
playing airplane pilot that's a cool
name yeah it's not mean it's pretty
unique I don't know other than like my
family and a couple other people I've
searched up my brother's like obsessed
with looking for other people with that
name but Derek pilot I mean you sound
like a video game character like Derek
pilot you know it gets totally work it
could I just I just put Blackman there
just take it plays off my name it also
there's uh there's a pro wrestler he's
uh he doesn't wrestle anymore his name
was Steve Blackman and I really liked
him he was a martial artist so I kind of
like always liked that last name
Blackman so it just I just put it in
there and it works and it's just like
you know it's kind of weird when people
are searching you and you know I have a
life of a lot of other things that I've
done a lot of other music projects and
everything and I didn't want people just
like looking for a that's fine if they
do but I just like hey Derrick Blackman
that's that's what you'll find if you're
looking for me anything that has to do
with YouTube you'll find Derek Blackman
it's so cool to me that like this
generation of people who grew up that
like made something out of the things
that I love so much I mean the things
that are here from you know all like the
sci-fi stuff and the video game stuff oh
yeah cartoons and wrestling and all that
stuff like that was all the stuff I
loved and it was just like a little bit
before YouTube although ironically we're
doing this on YouTube right now yeah but
you guys were able to like all make
careers that are talking about that
stuff and being in that world it's so
cool to me it's it dude it's not it's
surreal I still haven't fully processed
it even I one of my friends that one of
my like closest friends he was like dude
how does it feel that people are buying
shirts with your face on it and I'm like
I don't that's it's so crazy to me man
and I mean I I it's it's it's pretty
great though it's it's I I wouldn't have
any other way I love that that the
Internet has you know as gotten cave-ins
given so many people opportunities to do
things that they never even imagined
it's this and sky's the limit just gonna
keep growing from there yeah so alright
so some black guy yeah that's what you
came up with and I think it kinda you
know from all your videos that I watch
it does kind of caps lately you like
you're not trying to be holier-than-thou
you're trying to just kind of do your
thing and like you're some guy doing
this you happen to be black there yeah
how did you come up with that name like
was it just like one day you were like
that it was it was but it was back in
that on myspace days it was that was my
username probably when I was like 16 or
something it was just like oh you can
choose your name it was some black guy
and it really hit home when one of my
friends I added him and it said you know
he told me he laughed after he accepted
me it said that oh it says some black
guy wants to be your friend
so he thought I was pretty funny right
yeah and then I'll say you know this
this can I can use this for other things
I try to do a podcast like four years
ago and that was my alias some black guy
that thing failed and you know never see
the light of day but then it was that's
what it was like what should I call me
YouTube channel couldn't think of
anything some black guy then and it's
worked it people really seemed to like
it even when I said that you know what I
think I kind of want to change it maybe
I want to change but it's a Derrick
Blackman so it can be more of a personal
thing people can know me better if
you're like no you don't you dare change
it and it's also kind of an interesting
way of attacking identity politics which
we'll get into in a little bit but I
know you obviously don't like identity
politics so you're kind of throwing it
in their face yeah kind of right up
front which is which is pretty cool
let's talk a little bit about your
history that I think people don't know
about a little bit like just tell me a
little bit about where you're from
family that kind of stuff okay well I
initially I grew up in well I didn't
grow up and I was born in LA I was in
Inglewood and my father when he died
about then I was four years old I didn't
I didn't you know I didn't really know
what's going on so forcefully processing
everything and we moved to a North
Orange County like not like fancy OC
than the south it says regular might as
well be LA or a little part of some
people even called it like Mexico cos it
was La Habra Guadalajara people called
it and so this wasn't MTV OC definitely
not not even but that's what people
assumed if especially if they didn't
live in the area yeah and sometimes I
lived in Arizona a couple of times and I
tell people I'm from Orange County not
LA and like oh so you're so fancy and
I'm like no not at all dude not even a
little bit yeah but I grew up in there
and I was mainly I was interested in
just music and and there was a little
bit of sports but I got injured a few
times and when I was playing football
and I gave that up but I was always I
thought
I was always gonna do music I never
thought that I was gonna be like you
know speaking to people or like say
trying to entertain people in that way I
thought I was just gonna like try to
serenade people oh I try to be a
frontman I wanted to sing or do
something like that but I ended up
playing the drums more because drums
drummers were so scarce it was easy for
me to get a gig it was easy for me to
join into stuff like that and I mainly
played with like people can probably
tell I was more into like metal and punk
and that was always always a little bit
different because of just little things
I bumped into here and there and it
really kind of put me on that path of
like where I am now just always kind of
searching for alternative things and
like alternative thinking the certain
type of ways of thought and even in the
political realm or just do you have this
like left-right paradigm that was going
on and I just wasn't really as like I
don't really buying this stuff - to be
more things out there and then my friend
was tell me about what about independent
candidates and it kind of just
manifested from there yeah it's
interesting so you describe you're
obviously being tongue-in-cheek but into
your YouTube bio it says failed
musicians
yeah well that that was your first thing
now it's obviously the failure part of
that kind of led you to some success
here in the other world do you miss that
part though yeah dude I actually I've
been I've been kind of inspired to get
back into music I really I really wanted
to start making music again I always do
it on the side there is uh there's a
part of me on like Instagram I always
put up little clips of me I'll either be
seen playing the guitar and sometimes I
play the drums and people like you got
to do something and I just can't like I
just need a little bit of a push you
know but I do miss that and I say I say
failed musician because yeah I'm not I'm
not of touring or a career musician and
I got close I got close my this band
that I used to be in I quit and then
they soon after got signed to a major
record label but they fell apart - so
wouldn't matter in any way but I did
every once in a while I do get
recognized for being the drummer of that
band because you know it's a-okay in in
the metal in the metal genre how many
black people are in it
yeah you know so the black drummer and
have long braids at the time to be black
it's pretty interesting though but I do
I do miss plane and I might I sometimes
rap on the side but I might go on I
might do that because let's be honest
it's a little bit easier than trying to
get like a five piece 4 piece five piece
people together and try to have them all
work together it it it fails so many
times you know what I mean sure though
you do have a gig that's working right
now yeah this is this right now is
definitely paying the bills it's pretty
no I'm doing I'm definitely grateful for
it yeah so you know it's so interesting
so I have five youtubers on this week
and I should have asked everyone this
but I'll ask you this where do you think
talent actually comes from do you think
you were born with the musical talent
and the way you connect with people and
the humor and all that stuff or was this
like just through work and work I think
some of I think some of it is I think
there's certain aspects that are they're
kind of inherited that you're kind of
born with certain things like say I know
my family my mom and my dad they both
had a music year and it wasn't the
playing guitar was not natural for me
there was actually I was self-taught and
for a while I was playing guitar
completely wrong I was always playing
and standard and which is you know okay
you have your standard tuning which is
like you know 6e and I was playing it
like say what most metal musicians and
like the certain genres into they would
drop it
one down and it was that drop D and what
you can do is these bar chords and I was
playing it you don't do bar chords on
Ani I don't want to get too technical
but now I'm just saying that lightly
over my head yeah yeah people that play
a lot of people don't know what talking
about I was playing it wrong for a very
long time until I started you know
learning a little bit more so I
definitely wasn't just able to pick it
up and like I know what to do and I know
what everything sounds right but I put
in a little bit of work to where I can
play the guitar and the drums decent
enough to I could probably being a
successful band but yeah it's all about
work and so the talent aspect I think
there's some people that it's so much
easier but I didn't have like the I
didn't really have it just it wasn't
just a total like gift to me or whatever
I from a very young age I was performing
at I went to a private school and we'd
always have to do these performance
pieces we'd have to do like lip-synching
and all these different things that you
know your kid you hate doing this stuff
I didn't understand why I was doing it
but
it was it was essentially for the
parents right like it's just like
playing football and baseball and stuff
when you're a little kid you don't
really understand what's going on and
until you get older like okay I get it
now yeah and that's all that things it
kind of it worked it all the little doll
the singing and the dancing and all the
crap that I used to do it kind of
manifested into this you know now I feel
pretty comfortable in front of a camera
yeah well that's why I wanted to ask you
that because now when I watch yourself
it's like you strike me as like a pretty
full performer you know to me and like
you've got the tools and it's
interesting how you've kind of kind of
put them all in there when did you make
that shift to YouTube to YouTube
it was it was funny because I had a
channel that was not entertaining it all
back in 2010 where I was just talking
about politics it was more of us right I
mean uh well actually I also was talking
about cuz my first video was uh was
about religion or atheism because I kind
of got sucked into the the New Atheism
the you know the four horsemen and and
so I got sucked into that so I started
making some videos but then it just
quickly shipped into politics so there
was a lot of people especially there was
a lot of there wasn't a lot of black
people talking about politics in general
didn't matter where what side what
political you know affiliate or what a
partisanship you you you had it was just
people weren't really saying anything
and I was like you know what do not want
to like talk and see if people want to
listen and they kind of were they were
they were surprised that oh wow here's
this a young black man that's talking
about some really interesting stuff you
know where were your politics at that at
that time I was still I mean it's it's
kind of still words that were just more
like people call it a centrist now you
can say independent just more trying to
be left or right of center because I'm
just kind of like trying to be you know
figure things out and and I don't have
one just super left or right leaning
because there are some things that I'm
conservative bound there's some things
I'm liberal about and I think I mean I
think a regional perspective the best
way to go when you went on when it comes
down to it it's it reminds me of Chris
Rock where he had like a stand-up and he
was talking about things like no decent
person is just one thing you have some
things there that you're gonna tackle
the issue by issue case by case and
that's what I was trying to do when what
I whatever subject came up I was trying
to think of
rationally what's the best thing for me
or for the people and not just oh I'm on
the right or I am conservative therefore
I have to follow and abide by these
rules and like nonets I think that's
silly
yeah and it's just they draw us over the
head with this nonsense I always think
it's interesting on election day when
they're like well you know they show you
the map that got the big map and you
know John King at CNN is going in the
white working-class people voted this
way and the black inner-city people
voted this yeah but that's like that's
actually not really what happened here
yeah some of the they may
demographically it broke a little more
one way or another way partly having to
do with where you live or race but yeah
like just summing it up like that it's
like that's the stuff that separates us
that brings us together definitely
there's there's a part of like
collectivism that that is rampant more
like now more than ever and it's I feel
like the media they're trying their best
to keep it like that because it it keeps
you watching because conflict keeps you
watching right if everything is peaceful
and if everything is great you know
would you want to watch any any movie
would you want to play any games that
there was really nothing to do you know
no like there has to be something going
on that's why people click on the news
there's always bad stuff going on it's
not like hey this this person did
something very well or this happened
this happened maybe like that's like two
percent of the news so I feel like when
there is something going on kind of like
