all right we are on location at the
blaze studios here in Dallas Texas
and I'm sitting across from mr. blaze
Glenn Beck all right sir how's it going
my man good to see you thank you for
letting us do an on-location shoot I
feel not a problem I know you're here
for about 10 minutes and then you're I
think you're gonna probably be on the
moon and then a stop at the Mars and you
know a little bit about traveling a lot
I do yeah so I'm in-between a thousand
things here great yeah it's it's pretty
cool I want to spend a lot of time
talking about this book here addicted to
outrage but let's just do everything so
right now we're about two and a half
weeks away from this midterm election I
suspect something completely bananas
over the next two and a half weeks I
mean you can already just see between
between the cabin ah stuff that we've
been dealing with the general outrage
and all the things you're writing about
here so here we just said this to a
group friends the other day I think at
this point a spaceship could appear okay
and hover over New York City and to be
like oh I mean I don't know what would
surprise me now it what we be arguing
about the gender pronouns the aliens you
know no I know it's it's absolutely
insane how everything is everything is
upside-down everything is upside down do
you think do you think we're in a unique
time because that's one of the questions
when I'm out there with Peterson people
say okay it's you know everyone says
we've never been more partisan and we're
angrier than ever and all of these
things but just something about this
seem unique yeah I'm a I'm a glutton for
history yes and it we have been in
perilous times before I don't think
we've hit the civil war confrontations
yet but we are approaching it do you
think we really are cuz I do because I'm
actually worried about the amount of
people I you see this on Twitter all the
time people saying oh civil war is
coming you know like yeah like murmur
about what would be the most horrific
possible outcome of all of this so
remind me to talk about the window
because I think we have a window right
but we have been we've been worse
I mean if you look at Jefferson and
Adams you know Adams Adams was called a
hermaphrodite by Jefferson Jefferson
Jefferson his campaign called him a
hermaphrodite
Adams said back that if you elect Thomas
Jefferson there will be blood in the
streets and the heads of our children
and your daughters will be on pikes into
every town so we've had rhetoric like
this before
ironically I'd be thrilled to vote for
either one of I'll take either I don't
care heads on pikes but it all does go
to just in the last couple weeks you
know there was this Hillary Clinton lyin
on CNN talking to Christian Amanpour
about how we can't be civil because
these these people meaning the
Conservatives or Republicans are so
against our values I mean this is
dangerous stuff here's the difference we
have been in these places before but we
knew our founding documents we knew who
we served or who our God was and I don't
know who our God is now I mean is it
money is it Fame is it anger I don't
know what our God is now we knew wait
let me pause you there for a sec so when
you when you say that about what the
founders believed now they were also
saying separation of church and state
the whole time so if you were just
laying out what they believed
when you say who our God was so George
Washington they did believe in the
division of church and state clearly I
do too yeah that just means if you're an
atheist yes we're friends we're cool
let's get along but if you're a god
person you do your god thing you do your
atheist thing right do we have what Adam
Smith called moral sentiment in common
yes capitalism has lost the first volume
of Adam Smith the second volume is
Wealth of Nations the first volume is
Moral Sentiments and that's a
look this is an invisible hand and the
market is powerful and it will create
whatever you want be careful what you
ask for make sure you are always
tempering the moral sentiment make sure
that you're a good decent fair-minded
people we've lost that we're losing it I
should say and I'm concerned and I talk
about this a bit in the book I've seen
this coming for almost two decades and I
have been warning against it and for the
very first time I'm at the place where
I'm on the air now saying this is the
time this is the time that I said would
come yeah and now is the time for you to
remember who you are and our outrage is
taking us away from it so as I've looked
at this for so long I have I have
studied revolutions I have I've studied
giant movements of chaos I I can tell
you about you know the I think it was
the red month in the 1930s like I can
show you what's happened but there were
three people in four people in grand
movements that have gotten it right
there was Abraham Lincoln mm-hmm
there was Martin Luther King there was
Gandhi then there's Bonhoeffer
Bonhoeffer do you know who Dietrich
Bonhoeffer was I don't think so hey
Bonhoeffer lost okay Bonhoeffer was a a
pastor I think Lutheran in Germany he
was on the air when the Fuehrer declared
he was Fuhrer he was taken his broadcast
was cut in short because he was doing a
broadcast called the Fuhrer a principle
this is wrong don't go this way he on
Kristallnacht
the very next morning he was shopping in
those stores those Jewish stores
pacifist he tried to turn the Germans
back and say stop it
stop stop you're going the wrong way he
couldn't do it he eventually escaped
from Germany was in New York not here
very long as he felt guilty how can I
leave my country when it's in this much
trouble he went back he realized there's
no there no he's a stopped this guy
maybe violence is the answer he was
involved in one of the attempts to kill
Hitler he went to a concentration camp
he died he was executed like five days
before Hitler died here's the thing if
you read his writings he's gone - he's
Jesus he's Martin Luther King he's he's
got it and now Terry read him and read
him and read him how why did he fail
silence in the face of evil is evil
itself not to stand is to stand he's got
it love one another don't stop playing
the organ so you can hear that the train
going to Auschwitz okay he failed
because Germans had already gone over
the cliff they had because of World War
one
then the Treaty of Versailles then the
1920s they had already lost their
judeo-christian principles they had lost
their Center remember if it wasn't for
England Gandhi would have failed people
think of Gandhi is starving himself to
get the British to comply no he starved
himself to say to his own people do not
rise up in anger they were this close to
losing and he knew it he was appealing
to the sense of decency and fairness of
the British culture so he knew the
people because of their judeo-christian
worldview would see this oppression and
go that's wrong if we have a window and
it's closing yeah if we give in to our
anger our outrage and we say you know
what I can't take it anymore we will
lose and that window of the
judeo-christian values will close and
then we're done yeah it's so interesting
because one of the themes that keep
coming up as I'm on this tour is people
keep asking me about this how much worse
is it gonna get before there's some sort
of reset and all of these things and
it's like man I don't want two months
from now or four years from now to look
back at right before the 2018 elections
and go boy weren't those the good old
days because we've gone on the train to
hell so do you think there's actually no
way to stop it at this point do you
think that no I think that so here's
here's the scenarios that I'm looking at
right now if I'm working okay
none of these I know the prediction
business always works out so if you're
wargaming yeah let's look at the next
election what happens well the Democrats
probably gonna win the house okay they
win the house you know they're going to
at least subpoena his tax records he's
not gonna give up tax records
that'll be brought to the Supreme Court
remember that marker number one that's
day number one day number two they don't
have any place they can go on
impeachment they have to impeach him
even if they don't have anything right
they've already said it they have to do
they have to do it it'll be the Senate
that will throw it with L throw to the
Senate that's where the trial happens so
impeachment just means or taking you to
court okay so that's day number two day
number three trump has already filed
with the Supreme Court saying I'm not
I'm not testifying I'm not turning over
my tax records I'm not doing this okay
well Cavanaugh has already said he's
already seen that that's a distraction
the president shouldn't have to so day
number three when Trump has brought it
to the Supreme Court then the house says
wait a minute Cavanaugh should recuse
himself we are looking at a year yeah
where the three branches of government
the administration plus the house and
the Senate both of them will be fighting
with each other they'll be fighting with
this branch and they'll be fighting with
the Supreme Court when Cavanaugh doesn't
recuse himself they will file articles
of impeachment for him and there they're
leading all of these ideas already these
ideas are trickling out if this is gonna
happen yeah so now you have the press
the fourth branch already in chaos has
has absolutely no credibility
at all it's deranged and that pushes
which you would call the fifth branch or
the first branch the people into the
streets how do you solve that alright so
before we get to the streets can I give
you the one option that I think maybe
saves us from all that which is that the
Republicans win or at least hold in the
midterms thus finally as long shot as
this is finally the democrats go okay
we've got to drop identity politics
we've got to get away from this
socialist Democrat Democrat socialist
nonsense there's no evidence that they
would ever look in the mirror if
anything they've only doubled down every
time yeah I see that as the only outlet
to where you're going so I think if you
have if they don't win the house if you
win the house god forbid if they win the
house and the Senate then it's chaos but
if you win the if they win the house the
Democrats that scenario is gonna play
out in some form on the other so that
just gets worse and worse or worse I was
talking to a friend of mine just last
night about this and he said you know
just exactly what you said and I
followed it up with what you said show
me the I know there's no evidence I am
Spartacus is all of a sudden going to
say okay I'm not Spartacus yeah you know
I'm the carpenter from you know from
Nazareth no wasn't that the danger all
along and this this is directly linked
to your book I mean I remember before
the election I kept saying and this is
when I still considered myself on the
left and and someone that had basically
only voted Democrat my entire life I
think the one time I voted Republican
was Bloomberg's third term in New York
City after he had flipped like 87 times
over something I'm not even sure if he
was Republican at that point but that I
kept saying before the election if you
keep calling Trump Hitler then no matter
what he does and no matter what reality
is you'll never be able to get yourself
out of that little thing place you've
painted yourself and that's where we are
so you know what's crazy I lived this I
lived this I said I'm the guy who got in
so much trouble saying I think Barack
Obama may be a racist now I immediately
corrected it in that on the spot
that's not quite right I now understand
I explained it in the book I now
understand how to express that I wasn't
up on anti-colonialism I certainly
wasn't up on post-modernism so I'm
hearing all these terms that mean
nothing to me and yet they're always
attacking groups to me and to a lot of
people in the country that's the
definition of racist yeah okay but I
didn't understand the difference the
other part other part out okay it's now
social justice okay well social justice
seems wrong to me that's how I defined
it then that was so divisive when I said
that and I was really at the time
struggling to figure out what is
happening how who is this guy and I got
more and more strident and didn't make a
lot of friends on the left okay yeah it
didn't work it didn't work my base got
stronger my base learned things but my
base also as things went on got more and
more angry as did I why isn't this
working well because you cannot call
people names and expect them to come
over we have I just saw new poll today
that shows I think it's 8% of the
American public 8,000 people interviewed
eight percent of the American public is
the die-hard progressive radical okay
the the never-give-up
conservative traditional conservative is
about twenty nine percent okay they're
both on the edges 27 29 percent
somewhere in that area still on the
edges
the vast majority is now being called
the exhausted class and it's the class
of people and I'm in this guy's it
doesn't have to be this way I don't I'm
tired of this I don't I not everybody is
a racist not everybody is a homophobe
it's the stop it stop it
the Cavanagh jordan peterson got into
trouble and
I tweeted he did tweeted back to him I
think this might be the first time I
disagree but I put I think because well
for people that didn't see it basically
he said that what would probably be best
and he did this in a tweet which is
never the best way to do it idea and
he's already he's already had his make
up on that and released a corrected not
correction a clarification in a blog
forum but basically he said the best
outcome would be the Kavanagh gets
confirmed but then steps down and what
he meant was that wasn't saying the
Kavanagh did do anything or didn't do
anything but if there's any chance for a
little bit of healing where everyone
gets a little egg on their face but also
it gets a little bit of dignity to walk
away with and the country doesn't come
apart it seems that was what he tried to
do right in a tweet and in his blog post
he's acknowledged that trying to do that
in a tweet probably not the best thing
trying to do that in a tweet where the
people who are reading it are generally
all about politics and tearing each
other apart yeah bad idea that's why I
put I think because knowing Jordan the
little that I do yeah he's a deep
philosophical thinker so my my feeling
was and it turns out it was right that
he's looking at that and saying okay in
in a normal world in a good world where
we're all really trying to do the right
thing and if we really were all trying
to do the right thing I agree with him
it would have been the best thing to
have Jordan say or to have Kavanagh say
thank you thank you now let's bring the
country back together nominate somebody
else and let's go through it but the
other side would have gone through
exactly the same thing you would have
rewarded them in the end they got it
because we're talking about the machines
of destruction so reality doesn't play a
role at some point this 70 percent of
America is going to stand up and say
shut up both of you are you shocked how
many people in that 70 percent are just
afraid to do that because when we do
these meet and greets after the the
Petersons event I think the number one
question I get
asked is what can I do I'm afraid to
speak and I cannot I mean I see this you
know from people that I'm sitting this
close to and I see this look in their
eyes of fear and it's like I don't think
I'm that brave I don't know why I'm
doing this I don't I'm just doing it I
can't explain it I but I don't wake up
every morning and I'm like what am I
gonna do today to fight Google and fight
the political powers and I'm just like
I'm just doing what I think is right
that's it that so that goes - I brought
my family 2011 to Auschwitz and I did it
again because I see over the horizon I
think and we stood outside of the gates
and we had a prayer and then I said okay
we are here because we have to look at
the ugliest thing man has done and we
have to decide who we are who were going
to be because if you weren't prepared
and I don't mean prepare for that kind
of stuff I mean really know who you are
you will not stand when the jackbooted
thugs come down the street you have to
know who you are and what you believe so
I had them read a story of the righteous
of the nation they could pick any one
who saved Jews and to really try to get
into their head I lined up in a just a
family kind of conversation with this
sweet woman she just died I think last
week 90 years old she was a Christian
she was 16 years old when she saved the
first Jew her whole family did it it was
remarkable and we we talked about it two
things I learned on that trip one as we
were leaving I said to her look I have a
responsibility that's different than
most because I speak to so many people
and I said I believe that people have
that tree of righteousness in them I
think they have that goodness they want
to do the right thing how do I water it
she told me something so profound it's
so game-changing
she she looked at me so puzzled and she
said you misunderstand the righteous
didn't suddenly become righteous they
just refused to go over the cliff with
the rest of humanity mm-hmm all you have
to do is remember what you've always
believed was true and they just stand
and just go mmm no you guys are crazy
you don't have to be a hero you're not a
hero she was looking at me she wouldn't
let me film her she only let me take one
picture of her she wanted nothing
because she was like I'm not a hero
I just remembered what was right that's
remarkable do you think that the default
position of humanity is to cower that in
that in these moments it seems like it's
a lot easier to cower right I mean even
now like that's the thing when people
say this to me about we're how do I get
braver or whatever it's like we live in
the freest place in the history of the
world need bravery and if you're if
you're afraid now imagine the second
that thing gets turned a little bit how
afraid you're gonna be so it seems like
like fear and I'm sure there's a
psychological component to this that
fear does something in the brain that
maybe bravery or or maybe it really is
about just knowing what you are and what
you're made let me tell you two stories
first fear shuts your brain down okay it
shuts reason down you're in
fight-or-flight and that's a good thing
because you don't want to be going well
I don't know should I hit him a little
harder swinging so fear and anger really
bad and that's why we're addicted
outrage we will swing you got to get
shake that or your won't think it's
biological two stories the other person
we met with in Poland was the chief
rabbi and he said I think it was 7,000
there were 7,000 people that stood and I
was I mean when have you been Auschwitz
no I haven't when you go there's
churches I mean a block away
