[Music]
joining me today is a Johnstone family
professor in the Department of
Psychology at Harvard University as well
as a New York Times bestselling author
whose new book enlightenment now is for
sale right now Steven Pinker welcome to
the Rubin report thank you I am I am
thrilled to have you here I think I have
emailed or called or contacted or pigeon
messaged everyone related to you or that
knows you in any way to get you here and
Here I am and here you are worked it
goes to prove that a little positivity I
think can make some things happen so
true yeah all right a lot I want to talk
to you about I thought before we dive
into the book and and all the the things
that you teach and write about and all
that I just I like hearing a little bit
about people's history and where they
come from and growing up and all that
you are Canadian and I've had a lot of
Canadians on lately I find there's
something about Canadians in general
that I like what is it about Canadians
that leads to a certain Pleasant
disposition well we're so reasonable or
so yeah
alight yeah sometimes people say think
the model of Canada's peace order and
good government yes and it's a country
that is that has been diverse for for
quite some time
Quebec where I grew up has
english-speaking community in a
french-speaking community and we we
didn't begin with a revolution unlike
the United States and we negotiated our
way to independence we're part of the
British Empire in the British
Commonwealth and kind of have that
British reserve and politeness yeah so
that we have we have some things going
for us a couple of things going yeah at
least until at least all the Americans
end up moving up there if things keep
going this way well the way we might
build a wall yeah right you guys may end
up building the wall exactly tell me a
little bit about growing up your family
what kind of family you grew up in in
the english-speaking section of Montreal
in Monroe it was pretty segregated when
I grew up I grew up in a Jewish
english-speaking community which was
known for producing among others Leonard
Cohen who is a contemporary
my mother's mhm the author Mordecai
Richler who was a contemporary of my
father's William Shatner Burt Bacharach
Wow
the Saul Bellow spitters person his
childhood in Montreal so it's a small
community that has a number of people
that were proud of yeah what do you make
of that that so many I mean that's a
pretty diverse interesting group of
people right there and I'm sure there
are others yeah I it it may just be that
having many cultural influences both
Canada's really couldn't dominated by
the United States it really is the
800-pound gorilla next door yeah so is
the American influence the British
influence the French influence perhaps
is just being in a cosmopolitan diverse
community know that help with that and
of course the the Jewish influence
although it was not I didn't grow up in
none of the people that I mentioned grew
up in an ultra-orthodox community high
grew up in a in a reformed temple we
didn't take God all that seriously but
we did take Jewish identity seriously
yeah I don't remember a moment in which
I decided oh I'm an atheist I just was
not a big issue one day or another do
you find that to be sort of standard
thing with most secular Jews I think
that's sort of East the ones that I've
been talking to on this show that I
think are sort of out there more that
seems to be thing that there's an ethnic
identity or a cultural identity that's
separate from the belief part absolutely
and I think that's more true of Judaism
than it is of say Catholicism where the
belief really is stipulated in Judaism
this is a bit of a kind of Don't Ask
Don't Tell as long as you have a though
as long as we pay the laws and rituals
right if you keep the Sabbath if you
have you know mots on Passover then
you're a good Jew and what you believe
is just not as important what one rabbi
said to my wife rebecca goldstein
another secular Jew mm-hmm well-known a
secular humanist writer when she talked
about her novel 36 arguments for the
existence of God a work of fiction which
is kind of the great I said and she
spoke at a Jewish Community Center and I
was a little worried whether there'd be
some pushback from the rabbi who
introduced to him afterwards he went
over he said you know there's nothing in
Judaism that says you have to believe in
God you just can't believe in more than
one of
that's I mean that's pretty perfect do
you think there's a there's an inherent
problem they're sort of disconnecting
God from reason if it really is well
just for the longevity of it let's say
oh yeah yeah it's a good question I
think that may have been part of the
explanation for why I mean there's so
many secular Jewish intellectuals kind
of immersed in argument dispute ation
particularly about morals and ethics but
without a bit but it was all argument
disputation it wasn't a catechism that
you had to recite there wasn't a set of
beliefs that you I have to have so there
was a tradition of disputation that's
what the rabbi's were famous for right
at the pill pole thing here splitting
and and maybe that was a contributor as
well but I went to public schools I went
and in fact when you go to public
schools in Quebec when I in my childhood
meant you had two Protestant schools
because it was divided along religious
lines they were Protestant schools and
Catholics so interesting Protestant
meant on Catholic basically everyone
else yeah who do Muslims and the Jews
and Chinese and so on there's a bizarre
system yeah how's how he just hadn't lis
unconstitutional in this country oh my
god I got to I actually got a pretty
serious Protestant religious education I
sang hymns we said the Lord's Prayer
every day I learned about the life of
Jesus so they had the Jews and the
Muslims and everyone in the getting a
Protestants yeah
and at one point I remember I was you
know eight and nine and I actually
didn't even belong to a temple I said so
it's my mother
you know one of my friends said that
that Jews aren't supposed to believe in
Jesus should I not believe in Jesus
anymore after you sent me their Hebrew
school so fast made my head spin
hilarious and him my teachers because
they couldn't hire Catholic teachers
either and virtually everyone in Quebec
is a francophone community or Catholics
it's actually hired Algerian and
Tunisian and moroccan jews to teach
French to the Jewish and Protestant kids
of Montreal the parson Kizza Montreal
did not learn French from native
québécois we learned it from Egyptian
and Tunisian immigrants how bizarre it
was I'm pretty sure I know the subject
of your next book I mean it's
like there's just so much richness just
in that or at least there's a little
comedy in there so I think it sounds
like your family was kind of on the
intellectual side or at least that the
county was red house was full of books
and magazines my my father was had a law
degree but didn't practice when I was a
child he was a and had a little bit of
real estate did sales before starting a
law practice pretty late in life my
mother was like most mothers of the 50s
and 60s a homemaker but then found a
career when she was kind of getting
bored when I became a guidance counselor
and then a vice principal of a high
school and and my mother Roslyn Pinker
very intellectual an intense reader
knows everything intellectually very
engaged yeah and my sister Susan de is a
columnist for The Wall Street Journal
certain have been in a couple of books
one on sex differences one on
face-to-face contact my brother Rob so I
work for the Canadian government for
several decades as a policy analyst and
an administrator so how much of the
intellectual pursuits that you all have
do you think is is biological versus
just learned experience yeah this is one
of the themes that keeps coming up
around these conversations and and it is
was a topic of my book the blank slate
in the modern denial of human nature
yeah
the blank slate being the metaphor that
I argued became kendama Nate and
intellectual life largely for political
reasons yeah can you explain that a
little bit for the people that don't
know the book yeah so the the blank
slate the modern denial of human nature
just was released in 2016 with an
afterword was about the idea that that
there is no such thing as human nature
that we are blank slates written on by
our parents by by the culture by
education and that there's no innate
human traits or ways of learning and
thinking it's it's you can program a
human however you want and I argue that
it was popular in the 20th century for
political reasons one of them being that
it seems like the ultimate way to
achieve equality you know
overall zero then zero equals zero
equals zero so we all have to be equal
right I argue this is a mistake in the
book that equality is really a legal and
moral principle to treat everyone
equally it's not really the belief that
we're all clones home like slates and a
lot of the book tried to both lay out
the science of human nature but also to
explore the political and emotional and
moral baggage and coloring and to try to
clarify it and so the difference between
equality of treatment and equality of of
our biological endowment was a major
theme that also course enters into
discussion of sex differences hmm where
one of the reasons that certain
intellectual factions certain parts of
feminism want to deny that there are any
sex differences they think well that
will make it impossible to discriminate
because there's nothing to discriminate
we're all exactly this board exactly the
same right
and I do that's a big big mistake
there's first of all there is a lot of
evidence that men and women aren't
identical in all traits yeah I mean I'm
not a scientist but I think there is a
lot of everything I think anyone who's
had a son and a daughter has been in a
heterosexual relationship yeah anyone
who's listen to gossip about anyone
talking about anyone else yeah many
women aren't really not this is not
exactly the same but I think the myth
that they're the same was introduced for
political purposes namely that would
make discrimination irrational right
because there's no nothing to
discriminate on and I argue that that
you know that's just a error in logic I
strongly believe in gender equity that
no one should be prejudged because
they're a man or a woman
partly because of a scientific fact that
there's a huge overlap between the sexes
in any trait you want to look at so you
can predict an individual's traits just
knowing that they're a man or a woman
but they the policy we should be fair
doesn't require the false belief that
were the same that we are single what's
the best have you heard any argument for
that belief that you thought made any
sense or you just for which belief or
the idea that that this that these
genders are equal like when because you
must hear this from other academics
right I mean we know
that some of this stuff is being taught
at schools yeah well there are you know
there's no doubt that there are there's
a normal enormous overlap there's no
doubt and and some of the differences
between the sexes are are pretty small
and and subtle so in say mathematical
ability which was one of the most
controversial claims about sex
differences it it could it went to a
huge firestorm when Larry Summers the
president of Harvard mentioned that
differences between the sexes might
explain why the number of engineering
professors at Harvard at MIT what wasn't
50/50 down the line male/female yeah
this is very much like the the James
d'amour situation with with Google it is
exactly it's almost it's almost a replay
yeah and and it isn't easy in fact it
would be hard to say that men and women
are better at math in general it's you
have to even drill down to certain sub
components like mentally rotating
three-dimensional objects that men are
clearly better at but women are better
at word problems in arithmetic and math
so it's a so some of the pushback is
that in fact the science is often
complicated you can't make a sweeping
across the board generalization yeah and
then the other kind of pushback for
people who defend the blank slate is
well yeah that's true of you know 2002
when your book came out but society is
changing and you know more women are
consuming porn and more women are having
multiple sexual partners and maybe the
differences say in sexuality aren't due
to human nature but just due to our
culture at a particular moment that may
become obsolete and that seems
incredibly dangerous to me to view it
that way
well maybe although you know you could
in some ways it's actually highly
progressive and even correct because you
could have said you know 70 years ago
women you don't want to go into the
professions they they want to stay home
with the kids and and housework and
that's what makes them complete and
satisfied and happy and there'll be all
you know neurotic and anxious if they
start to become lawyers and doctors and
we know from the course of history that
you know that's not true that when as
soon as the doors open women did pour
through the doors
and so that would be an example where
too strong a claim of biological
differences would have been refuted by
the facts of history so it's not a slam
dunk I mean it is something that has to
be examined on a case-by-case basis are
you shocked at how difficult it is to
talk about all of this without getting
yourself yourself or any of the people
that talk about it into hot water yeah
because you want that you have to go
through here as I can see you're you're
quite well-versed at you're probably the
best at it it's a lot to make sure that
somebody can't pinpoint that one line
but then they're gonna just you know
drag you for exactly right well and the
reason that I wrote the blank slate was
it wasn't so much
I have chapter on gender but the point
wasn't just to review the literature on
gender differences it was also to say
okay so what how does it matter for our
public debates mm-hmm and I also
documented in the book how even when the
book first came out there was a history
of people being deep platformed and
shouted down and called you know all
kinds of nasty names for for the view
that were not blank slates and I said
well look this is based on on emotion
based on bad politics not based on the
facts so I kind of I don't know if I'm
honest leading myself but I laid out all
of these political controversies so I
wasn't blundering into it naive I was
actually that was actually the subject
of the book right sometimes though that
that can't fully defend you there i an't
and in fact both larry summers and jamie
d'amour yeah they almost could have
taken their speeches and indicated in
case of larry summers partly did from
the chapter on gender in the book so I
managed to escape some trouble that
people who then repeated the arguments
got into trouble for yeah so it's
interesting you sort of laid out a case
beforehand to defend yourself you did
like sort of a preemptive strike exactly
where someone both of those guys I know
James I know James personally needs been
in here whereas like he sort of stumbled
into this thing and then the the
reaction the way it sorted out it just
becomes this bigger beast that you end
up fighting when you were just really
trying to talk about science well the
science I I wasn't just talking about
the science because I was talking about
first the science then what are the
political and moral Indonesian
which I thought got confused feeding
back on people trying to shoehorn the
science into a politically correct
position because they were kind of lazy
when it came to the politics you know I
don't believe in I obviously I don't
believe in discrimination against anyone
and but the point being that having that
belief doesn't mean that you have to
insist that were blank slates right and
I made that argument for other
controversies around human nature like
do we have any violent impulses where
there's there there's a kind of
political argument for a different
reason maybe people think well if we're
innately violent then we're kind of
doomed to war and forever and if you try
to reduce war you're just some romantic
peace Nick and it's hopeless and war is
in human nature therefore since war is
bad
and if we're violent then we'll always
have war we can't be violent and I argue
that's that too is illogical
we do have violent impulses I think
that's pretty clear but it's not all we
have we also have have the Faculty of
self-control we also have empathy we
have cognitive processes of
problem-solving so we can figure out how
that we can reduce war we've got moral
norms they're just certain things you
don't do and the fact that part of us is
violent doesn't mean we're doomed to
violence because part of us pushes back
on the violence I cited a statistic
that's that three-quarters of men and
60% of women at least once have had a
homicidal fantasy it imagined killing
something they don't like three-quarters
of men and 60% of ask yeah and and when
I introduced this fact in lecture and I
say well what does this tell us about
human nature tells us that
three-quarters of men are liars but but
I point at this this doesn't mean that
trying to increase peace is futile
because there are other parts of human
nature we can work with and of course
that was what led to my more recent book
the better angels of our nature and they
said not only is it possible it's
happened yeah but again that it's kind
of the the nexus between the political
on the one hand and the scientific on
the other that I was exploring and I
talked about how the people
who thought they were advocates of peace
tried to squash all evidence that people
have violent impulses because it was
just politically too uncomfortable and I
said that's first of all distorting the
science is never a good idea and is if
they clear about the politics then the
science doesn't even mean that we've got
to accept war yeah so for someone that
sort of insulated themselves from some
of this because you were doing the work
beforehand which is actually pretty
brilliant tactic are you afraid that the
hard sciences are going to be hit by all
of this identity politics stuff in a
bigger way than we're seeing right now
when it comes to to gender or race or
any of these issues it's not even so
much the hard sciences but the social
sciences well we know the social
sciences yeah haven't happened yet yeah
but you don't fear that it's gonna come
for the hard sciences too well there
there may be some aspects of genetics
and brain science that are that if
they're feeling the political pressure
