[Music]
all right so let's do this I want to do
gun 101 with you okay all the things
that we should know about guns and then
I want to do the most common
misconceptions about guns because I
think part of the issue right now is
every time something happens every time
there's a shooting half the people don't
know anything about guns on one hand
half the people then give you all of
those misconceptions it can't sit
confusing for everybody and even the
people who I generally trust now I sense
don't know exactly what they're saying
so I want to do a video with you right
now every time one of these incidences
happen and someone starts asking me this
asking me that I want to go I've got the
thing that I can point to with the
answers so let's do gun what a lock on
what do we need to know about that all
right first of all most a r does not
stand for assault rifle so when I say
ar-15 that's not assault rifle does not
mean assault rifle an assault rifle is a
gun that is fully automatic right that
means I pull the trigger I hold it back
and it expends all of the ammunition in
the magazine that's that's Jesse Ventura
in predator boom okay it's a great gun
yeah love that gun right I can argue
about not gonna side with mine owning it
so okay so that's automatic that just
hold it down and down in it it will fire
every round
subsequently until it's completely out
okay right and that's so at a very high
rate of speed
okay generally speaking somebody
automatic so now there's been this thing
where people conflate this or use semi
automatic as a kind of a hyperbolic way
of characterizing guns as death killing
machines right
virtually every modern gun is
semi-automatic and what that means is
one press of the trigger you get one
bullet versus holding the trigger down
once and getting all the bullets okay so
that's a great distinction out there
because often when this happens you see
people saying we have to ban semi
automatics yes semi automatic that's
virtually every month so it's not
because all that the only difference
between that and a what a fully
automatic well what's one that you're
just loading one bullet in okay so that
would be a bolt-action okay right so
there's fully automatic semi-automatic
and bolt-action right right bolt-action
more
as more lines like like hunting right or
hyper high precision shooting and it's a
both because it allows you to build a
gun up in such a way where you it's the
tighter constraints within a gun and it
allows you to be more accurate okay
without certain mechanism moving back
and forth causing throwing off the
accuracy of the shot so you would say
then that when when all of these people
come out and say we have to ban semi
automatics that they are actually just
flat-out confused or intentionally
conflating or obfuscating what the truth
is related to them yes absolutely
and so it's either they're confused
ignorant or they're doing a purpose
field like you just stated
okay so what is the so let's do some nra
stuff while we're doing this what is the
nra stance on automatics just being able
to hold and shoot I mean the way it's
currently regulated is the way it stands
like right now there's like in order to
get an automatic gun there's a certain
process you have to go through in order
to get them and and that it's been that
way for a very long time now and that's
been that it exists yeah as it does now
and that's essentially war where the
stance is it with respect to fully
automatic well what are people use in
fully automatic guns for so because I
think this is where you hear people go
well no one needs an automatic to hunt
well see here's the thing no it's it's
it's the idea of putting it under the
guise of needing right there name
another right where we use that same
standard you know Beck's question that's
so it's like okay you haven't fully
automatic gun and you have
semi-automatic guns you have bolt-action
there are different reasons why you
would want each of these guns now I can
delve into that but then that starts
getting into the very nerdy side of
firearm ownership where the enthusiasts
aspect of that comes into it is
understanding tactically why you would
want certain things and so for me I'm
not personally I don't have a problem
with people on the fully automatic guns
personally I just don't see that as a
significant danger above and beyond say
owning a nuclear suitcase right so if
people tried to make that absurd
argument to me before I well then won't
you be loved and well that's because
there's there's a cost-benefit ratio
that doesn't make any sense right that
you just that's inherently
self-destruction
so how is this how was that protecting
you in any way from the very thing that
you're supposed to be checking yourself
against do you think there should be a
higher threshold to be able to get an
automatic than some of the other weapons
you're talking about me personally
threshold in what respect like in terms
of either hire back graded background
checks or references so let's talk about
background checks every minute so
there's this i dentist notion that we
don't have background checks for our
guns we do and a funny thing is we in
the gun community we have become a
victim of technology and what i mean by
that is people think that just because i
can go into a guns if I really wanted to
I can do a gun store right now buy a gun
within two minutes just like that
you can't yeah because you've done all
of the the background stuff see that's
the thing though I'm still going under
I'm undergoing the same processes right
so I go into the store I find a gun I
like this gun I said I want to buy this
gun I fill out the 44s form 4473 which
asked me a series of questions then they
take that information and they submit it
to the FBI database and they do a
background check but it happens
instantly because technology right
people it's interesting because there's
a lot of people who feel like I said
undergo some type of CIA investigation
before I buy a gun the same people who
also hate the government exactly right
so when they the instant aspect of the
background check causes people who don't
know very much about the process to
think that there isn't one right just
because I can buy the gun easily doesn't
mean it was done thoroughly mm-hmm
you know what I'm saying I underwent the
background check there's a system there
they checked it against the system if I
don't have any felonies or anything that
prevents me from owning that firearm I'm
allowed to buy the gun okay so when
people say there are there are no
background checks and Matt ground checks
aren't tight enough or however you want
to extract that is there any credence to
any of that so now let's talk so I think
what you're what you're kind of going
into is the universal background checks
right so when they say universal back
now they do conflate these terminologies
there's the universal background check
is a very specific statement it's it's
not like saying Coke right because
people here universal background checks
on other here's the background check
part that Universal means something and
what that means is it's a requirement
that on
every single transaction you have to
undergo a background check even private
transactions right so right now in
California if I had a gun right I can
bring a gun into California I just can't
carry it but you were like hey you know
Kant's I like that gun you have right
what I buy for me in California I can't
sell it to you mm-hmm
right now what here's what I can do I
could say all right cool when I get back
to Texas I'll transfer the gun to a gun
store here in California if it's on the
specific list that allows you to
actually own that gun right because
California has exactly yeah and then you
would have to go to the gun store and
then buy it right now let's say I
decided to give you the gun anyway
privately right now in this room no one
else is here but you and I and I sell do
you've a gun give each other cameras oh
yeah I mean you know I don't have any
plans on going to jail but and I sell
you the gun you and then let's say you
have the gun what is there - checked
against what database is there to check
against this determine whether or not
you got a background check for that gun
now just completely two issues right now
yeah so well if we get it on the DL
there there's no there's no way and
that's what the whole concept of the
universal background check is it is to
require a background check for every
private transaction now legally right
now I can't do it but like in Texas I
can sell a gun to a friend and as long
as I know he's not a prohibited person
and I know he's not a felon I can sell
him that gun no problems that's
completely legal what the universal
background check idea suggest is I
should have I should be required to
undergo a background check before I can
sell in that gun now I mean you and he
and I would have to go to a gun store
and undergo a background check then he
can go and buy the gun from me so is the
problem with the way it is currently
saying Texas the way you're describing
that you just would not know potentially
enough information about the person you
were selling yes that that's a potential
absolutely and so the reason why I'm
against the universal background check
is because there is no other way to
enforce it but for a national gun
registry because otherwise you have
nothing to check it against right to say
is if I if a cop walks down the street
sees you have a gun he's like do your
background check for the gun yeah
how's he gonna prove otherwise unless
there's a national registry then it was
okay fine well then let's have a
national registry no because we've seen
time and time again and when the
government's have a national registry of
firearms they subsequently use it to
confiscate guns now the problem is when
you say that they try to put the tinfoil
hat on you right except because what
they what they envision is you know
roaring Clark black military trucks
coming down the street pulling guns from
people's houses no that's not what
happens or how they do it it's
constructive and then when you have
potential presidential candidates like
Hillary Clinton suggesting we should
take a part we should take up the
Australia model which did that very
thing they use the National they use a
national gun registration to tell people
to say you know what you need to turn in
your guns it's a voluntary buyback no
it's an in the mandatory buyback right
so and if you don't sell your guns back
guess what you go to jail
that's a confiscation yeah it's a
constructive confiscation but a
compensation nonetheless just because
they didn't roll the military trucks
down the street and pull them out of
your house doesn't mean it isn't
confiscation and so that's why I'm I'm
adamantly against universal background
checks unless you can demonstrate it
away from me for it to be applied in
such a way that would not require gun
registry because I do not trust my
government not to exploit that registry
in their favor
yeah so how much of this then because
we've talked about it you said to me
right before we started you're sort of a
libertarian I think it's exactly he said
I don't want to put worry about how much
of this does go back to that states
should be able to make the decisions
that they see fit I mean I suspect you
probably wouldn't be that thrilled
living in California other than the
weather I I'm here in California whether
the women that's pretty good food yeah
we do yeah I might complain about that
so see that's just it too it's like well
how far those states rights go from the
standpoint of violating my Second
Amendment right right
I believe in states rights right at some
point you start violating my
constitutional ones and so when you have
places like California which I think I
think I'm being currently violated now
that
that I can't carry my mic on what is the
difference I can take my I can take my
car with my Texas license and drive it
right into California no one has a
problem with that I can drive up and
down these roads and as fast as I want
as recklessly as I want yeah that might
be illegal but I still do it does that
potentially do it but yet I can't carry
the thing that I carry to protect my
life with the same license does it make
some sense to me like am i any in any
less danger here then I would be in
Texas if anything I can make the
argument that I'm more there's more
danger for me here in that I don't know
the area very well so in a weird way
you're actually making an on states
rights argument here because if you're
saying you want the same thing
everywhere that's a that's not a states
rights argument it's not that but that's
what I'm saying
yeah because but that that's under the
guise of me feeling like me not being
able to carry as a violation of my
constitutional right right because
states rights doesn't allow them to
violate those constitutional rights and
that's that's the argument I'm making
now it's difficult because then you
start talking about the idea of having a
uniform like concealed carry platform
right where one license allows you to
carry a gun everywhere right then you
start getting into weeds but okay well
that's violating states rights that's
only if you don't see my ability to
carry a firearm as a as a sorry my
ability to carry a firearm as a
violation of my constitutional right
right so it's an interesting
philosophical place to talk because it's
like it just depends where you start
yeah because even though I'm definitely
a states rights guy I hear what you say
there and then on the other hand as a
states rights guy to me if a state wants
to have stricter laws and you're a big
gun guy than you actually are allowed to
leave it's kind of as I would say for
virtually every other situation it's
kind of shitty it doesn't feel great to
have to leave a place that you want to
be at but if they're doing things as
part of their state experiment that you
don't like well done it's on you to get
gone yeah but if that same state creates
a law that violates my right to privacy
right well we have constitutional right
that's super C so I see so I get I get a
chair are we missing anything else on
the technical front because we did that
pretty calm oh you'll see
[Applause]
from a mechanical state right yeah just
from the mechanical standpoint or just
any of the language that we use related
to this okay okay so yeah so then of
course there's some people can say it's
trivial some people say it's not so the
magazine versus clip it's yeah the
general term it's actually it's called
the magazine a clip is an actual thing
it's just different from a magazine that
that's kind of slightly trivial but it
does typically kind of expose people who
don't really know much about guns
when you say clip versus magazine
because the proper terminology would be
magazine as far as any other mechanical
components yeah well what do I need to
know about the magazine well that's just
terminology it is semantics yeah right I
don't always go about correcting people
because I feel like it just creates
something it kind of makes me look like
an ass but that's why we're doing it
yeah and I want to clean somehow the
biggest thing is it's just the assault
weapon thing right because the ar-15 is
a civilian weapon it's it's designated
the biggest difference between an ar-15
and an assault rifle is that the assault
rifle is fully automatic and they are 15
isn't that's the biggest distinction
between the two now of course then you
can make the argument well that's some
very minor distinction you know there
are a lot of people who make that
argument but I don't look at the ar-15
any differently than I look at the
handgun in that sense okay so every time
when one of these happens and we hear
the ar-15 is a weapon of war solo
handguns you would basically put the
ar-15 in the handgun in the same
category yes as pulling ones Shiban ones
yeah so that would not be categorized as
a weapon of war we'll see that's the
destination that terminology is designed
to to manipulate the emotions of people
who don't know anything about guns so
when you hear if you don't know anything
about firearms and you hear he's the
weapon of war technically speaking all
guns or weapons of war right swords can
be weapons exactly yeah so but what that
does mentally like they understand
language very well yeah they like
they're like not human but in terms of
the I call it the anti-gun side of it of
things they understand the use of
language very well and and they confuse
it purposely so when you hear someone
who doesn't know anything about firearms
think about it like if if I'm already
kind of I'm a little scared of firearms
and then I hear he used a weapon of war
what image comes up in your mind it's
it's Rambo you know he's running down
there just going crazy and that's
exactly what he's doing
but he could do the same thing with a
handgun and so the biggest thing that I
like to when I'm having these
conversations with peoples you're gonna
walk away with you can walk away with
two with two points of two trains of
thoughts I'm either gonna get you to
admit you just want to ban all guns or
you can see my perspective because if
you if you're willing to say you know
what we need to get rid of all this salt
weapons as they as they understand them
to be which is essentially ar-15s but
now it's actually becoming more broader
like me to get rid of all semi-automatic
weapons right that's virtually every
modern gun so let's say they move they
want to ban ar-15s ar-15 rifles aren't
even used like the percentage that
rifles are used in actual shootings is
so low and marginal it's unreal so then
why are we focusing on it but okay then
what are most shootings
they're handguns yeah right so if you
get rid of that and we got rid of ar-15
and then we have another shooting
happening because the are loves deadly
school mass shooting was Virginia Tech
and he used a hangar so then what
happens if that happens again so now
what are you gonna ban you gonna ban
handgun and that's when you're stuck
having to confront the fact that okay
either you really just want to ban all
guns or you understand that the
distinction is irrelevant right we've
got to get to the absolute point of
issue and why these things are happening
and focusing on the gun is doing a
disservice to the conversation it sounds
like I'm just utilizing I'm using a
bigger issue as a scapegoat but in
reality if you really sit down and think
about it all right
we have over 300 close to 400 million
guns in this country going in
and understanding that you've got to
then sit down and say to yourself all
