[Music]
so let's talk about some of the
specifics here so I wanted to go to one
that I think we disagree I want you to I
want you to make the most compelling
case that you can this open borders
stuff yes okay I'm not an open borders
guy this is a I'm not a crazy borders
person whatever that means I don't I
don't think I don't think there should
be no immigration we are a nation of
immigrants that's what's made this
melting pot I think the greatest nation
in the history of the world that's
giving more freedom to more people than
than anyone ever but the open border
situation especially now in 2018 2018
strikes me as particularly tenuous like
take it away yeah good so I think one
thing to keep in mind is what exactly an
advocate of open borders is arguing for
so I think most so open borders is maybe
a bit of a misnomer it's more like
borders or porous borders or something
like that where so the idea wouldn't be
that there's perhaps no checkpoints or
no restrictions on immigration just very
few so I think most open border folks
would be happy saying that if you are a
wanted violent criminal that might
exclude you from immigrating if you have
some particularly deadly contagious
disease and so forth but other than that
for ordinary peaceful migrants should be
able to come to the United States as far
as the argument goes I think there
really two strands one is just that the
the economic benefits of immigration are
huge so the most optimistic estimates
say that we could potentially double
world GDP by opening border so we've
done a pretty good job opening up trade
we've done a much worse job opening up
borders but in terms of the productivity
gains it would be incredible better than
anything else we could do and this goes
back to what I was discussing earlier
with our obligations to the global poor
foreign aid doesn't have a good track
record military intervention doesn't
have a good track record but allowing
people to move from places with low
wages to higher wages is by far the best
anti-poverty tool that we have so if we
were going to get into the nitty-gritty
of some of that what do you actually
have to do then to secure the borders
right because that's really what this is
about so even if if you make every
economic argument that I'm like all
right I can
riddled my way out of that yeah right
like if I'm on board that you still have
to do something to make sure that you're
doing those things making sure that
murderers aren't coming in and all that
and we don't seem very good at that and
I think maybe that's the leap that gets
me to where I can't make the the
secondary part that you're talking about
here yeah so I'm not sure about the
policy specifics I mean something like
the old Ellis Island system seems pretty
good I mean we had a ton of immigration
back then but there still was some kind
of checking mechanism so as far so I
doubt that that involves building a wall
but having some kind of you know
centralized location where immigrants
can come and get documents and things
like that seems seems pretty reasonable
but that's probably the most detail I
could give you on policy ideas right so
then when you go over these borders then
your gut you would want these people to
be governed by the laws of the place
that they were in right Act that's right
yeah yeah so so I would be happy to to
write a ordinarily peaceful migrants to
come in and then apply for US
citizenship just you know make it pretty
easy to do that right is this though a
tough one for a guy that doesn't trust
the government that much because that
that's what's ringing with me here and
when I've heard this argument it's like
all right wait if you don't trust the
government well then why do you think
the government would be able to vet
people properly especially because we
now see what's going on in Europe where
they've vetted people very poorly and
have had very porous borders yeah so
this might yeah so I don't know I think
though if you're a skeptic of the
government so presumably you're a
free-trade advocate you like the other
cross borders you wouldn't be happy with
government's micromanaging trade across
borders because you know skeptic about
how all the government works as am i and
for the same sorts of reasons I'm
skeptical so I think if you're worried
about the government working well that's
all the more reason to get it out of the
immigration regulation business so Mike
I think you're probably right
there's a bad job of a lot of stuff
almost everything and so the standard
here is not going to be perfection but
just what's the best alternative heavily
regulated immigration or lightly
emigrated regulation and I think all
things equal lightly and lightly
regulated immigration will probably be
better
let me give you another argument too so
this again is maybe a more libertarian
classical liberal argument for
immigration but it just seems like
people have a right to move across
borders so for example if you know I
don't know this table for example were
divided by some kind of border and I
said well look I want you to come over
to my side and rent my house from me or
work in my business or join my religious
congregation and you said okay I do want
to do those things and we both agree on
this we agree on the terms and then the
state sort of intervenes is a third
party in this what this philosopher
Robert knows who could call a capitalist
act between consenting adults it seems
like they would be violating our rights
to associate with one another among
three terms and so I think there's a
reason to think that border controls
violate people's natural rights is there
also some inherent problem though that
let's say most of the Western societies
the freest societies got on board this
well then they would end up being
flooded with people where maybe the
economics don't work out because if we
just say I mean if you think about it
like if tomorrow we were dressed like
alright everybody can come and yeah as
long as you're not a murderer or you
know drug dealer you're good to go
that there must be some economic theory
here where we're gonna let in a certain
amount of people your economics are
gonna work out and then we're gonna get
to some odd tipping point where because
freedom is pretty good people go on in
on it yeah so I think there are a couple
things to say so one is just if we I
think that problem to some extent would
be self-correcting so if you think that
a lot of the pressure to migrate is
economic so people are moving from
low-wage countries to higher wage
countries well as you have more and more
people answer about high wage higher
wage countries this would increase the
total number of workers which would
probably start dropping down their wages
and so you would probably see less
motivation to move I think that's one
thing but as a concession to this worry
what I would say is we could do it
slowly so for example if we're really
worried about these effects of
dramatically increasing immigration
overnight what we could do is just say
increase say the limits on immigration
by 10 percent every year or something
like that
and take it slowly and see where it goes
we wouldn't have to push the button open
the borders overnight if we have this
worried yeah what do you think is
philosophically the the soundest way to
deal with the people that are already
here I yeah so I am an advocate of the
view that you don't have an obligation
to obey unjust laws and so I think that
our immigration laws are unjust so I
think people who came here even against
current immigration law I think they
should just um Amnesty pull citizenship
that's that would be my approach to that
huh yeah all right we're not quite there
let me ask you this so you're not a fan
of the drug war no I'm not okay so
suppose we have somebody who I don't
know is in jail for selling marijuana
yeah like this and then suppose that
yeah so the break was a citizen of the
United broke say current immigration or
not immigration current drug laws yeah
do you think that they violated some
moral obligation that they had not to
break the u.s. drug law or do you say
well look it was a bad law so they
didn't do anything
well well partly I think it would depend
on the specific offense so so whether
they were using drugs or selling drugs I
would see a distinction there so okay if
there's someone that and there are
people that are in jail for using drugs
right now for using pot I I think those
those laws are unjust and I would want
to do everything I could to reverse
those laws and reverse the the prison
system the justice system and all that
as far as the dealers
yeah you can't until until we fix these
laws and figure out what actually is
fair and change some classifications on
marijuana and a bunch of other things
it's tough I think it's tough I don't
think you can free drug dealers per se
okay even though you're gonna you don't
think they did something that should be
against the law the people that are
doing the drugs I think you have a right
to do with your body as you see fit but
okay but again if you break a law you
have to like I would change the laws is
what I'm saying but if you break a law
then you have to suffer the consequences
of that
so does that do that all again well but
I'm curious I don't know forgive me for
but so suppose you have a drug user
who's convicted of this offense yeah
they're they're in jail but suppose they
can escape from prison
harmlessly do you think they would be
doing something morally wrong by
escaping footbridge all right so this is
a good little all right we're doing a
little my students know this is great I
mean this is what it's about right so
okay so let's say someone was smoking
weed at home cops bust in they're thrown
in jail for three years year two and
they're gonna pull a Shawshank and get
out of there right do I think they're
morally the question is do I think
they're morally right for doing it or it
can that be morally justified yes so
right so would we morally criticize them
if right they pulled a Shawshank where
they escaped through the wall or
something like that and they don't harm
anyone they just they just leave because
they say I was convicted of something
that ought not be a crime so I don't owe
any morally moral allegiance to that law
and so I'm just going to escape would
you you know hear about this story do
you say I'd be rooting for that okay
yeah I would be rooting for that so
that's kind of my perspective on
immigration that I think that it's an
unjust law and so people just as people
aren't under an obligation to obey the
state with respect to the drug war yeah
I don't think people are under an
obligation told me the state with
respect to immigration right so I guess
our sort of disconnected on this is just
the unjustness of immigration laws
versus drug laws right right so if you
think that the law itself is not unjust
then my argument won't have any kind of
grip on you yeah yeah I'm not saying our
immigration laws are just by the way I
just think that especially now also just
because of terrorism and people move and
just when you see what's going on with
Europe and and because it hasn't just
been people trying to get over for
humanitarian purposes there we know that
there's a lot of migrants and all sorts
of other people and then assimilation
problems and then welfare state problems
like it just seems like it's become this
massive thing that most of Europe would
probably do it very differently if they
could look back eight years ago right
yeah so as far as the terrorism point
goes I mean I think if somebody is is a
one to terrorists or suspected terrorist
that's a perfectly legitimate reason not
to not to allow the men I'm less
concerned about the the assimilation
concern the welfare state concern so as
far as the the assimilation where he
goes I mean a lot of the the evidence
I've seen suggests that the political
values of immigrants and especially
second generation American
is almost identical to the political
political values held by native-born
Americans and as far as the welfare
state concern goes I would say we have
lots of other freedoms that can
potentially increase the cost of the
welfare state and we're okay with people
exercising them so for example you know
I don't know we allow people to choose
their own profession for example in the
United States and so suppose you have a
student who says here's what I want to
do with my life I want to become a
philosopher you say well that's you know
I see career choice not a lot of money
in it who knows maybe you'll end up on
unemployment and this will in fact
increase the cost of the welfare state
because now you have this person on
unemployment because they chose to
become a philosopher with their life we
say well we let them do that we let them
exercise that freedom to choose their
occupation even knowing that this might
increase the costs of the welfare state
and so I think you can make an analogous
argument about immigration if you think
it's a right and important human freedom
then you say well this is sort of a
price of respecting rights and
respecting freedom they sometimes can
impose costs on third parties yeah so if
all these people come here then what
what duty does the state have to make
sure that they don't just get here and
can't do anything and then then more
crime comes and drugs and the rest of it
yeah is there a responsibility for the
state at that point I'm not sure that
the responsibility of the state to
immigrants is different from their
responsibility to citizens so I think
part so I mean there's also a question
of what we would do in the ideal world
versus the real world so you say in the
ideal world of somebody like Milton
Friedman the welfare state is much
smaller maybe you have something like
the negative income tax this isn't the
world we live in we have over a trillion
dollars of redistributed spending every
year I mean I don't so there are two
separate issues so one is this empirical
claim about whether immigrants tend to
consume more in government services than
they pay in taxes and it seems like the
fiscal effect is pretty moderate so some
estimates say they do in fact raise
fiscal costs a little bit others say no
in fact actually they're a net benefit
because a lot of a lot of new immigrants
aren't consuming a lot of government
services and so forth and they're paying
sales tax and things like this
but I think though again this is like
the concession if you really have this
way about the welfare say we could say
well maybe this is not my view but if if
this is what it took for me to get you
over to my side I'll give you this I'll
give you this concession we could say
something like you have a five-year
waiting period before you have access to
unemployment benefits and whatnot I
would take that over board or closure if
those are the only two operating it's
tough being intellectually honest isn't
it because you have to get you have to
concede things every now and again which
you just don't see people doing anymore
so it seems like doubly that's just this
is just a ploy to get you and your
viewers to the Lord on my side so yeah I
don't care so much about the honesty
just get people on the open border side
all right so you've argued that
inequality of income isn't the real
issue but poverty is the real issue
right let's get into the weeds on that
okay good so sometimes you'll hear this
is sometimes philosophers but oftentimes
politicians they'll make statements like
2% of American earners have 40% of that
country's wealth or something like that
and from here we're supposed to infer
that some injustice has occurred because
there's this this large enough quality
and I think I mean there might be an
injustice there but we can't tell
strictly on the basis of the inequality
so there's a philosopher named Robert
Nozick who famously said what matters
isn't so much the income distribution
that we end up with but how we got there
so if somebody has a huge amount of
wealth but they got it through theft or
they got it through lobbying the
government for special privileges this
is very bad this is something that we
shouldn't encourage on the other hand if
we have somebody who has a lot of wealth
because they invented the iPhone and
there are tens if not hundreds of
millions of people who want to buy this
that's totally fine so we can't just
look at the pie and how it's carved up
and say whether it's just or unjust we
have to see that people make their money
by making other people better off by
giving them things that they wanted or
did they take it through fraudulent
means coercive means and I think that
the talk about inequality oftentimes
confuses equality with poverty so is
what we're really concerned with
equalizing income or are we concerned
about making the poll
or better off and I think it's the
latter that we really should care about
so how do we go ahead and do that well
so opening borders I think is the first
step in terms of alleviating global
inequality or I'm sorry global poverty I
think is the best thing that we can do I
think domestically there are a lot of
government policies that really do harm
to the most disadvantaged groups so I
think opening up school choice would be
a great idea I think I think the drug
war would be a great idea I think ending
occupational licensing would be a very
good idea so enabling people to work in
certain industries or start their own
business with a lot less red tape is a
very good and wouldn't barbers be
stabbing people with scissors there are
some states where you have to you have
to get a license to shampoo people yeah
but I shampoo my shampoo my hair every
morning you're doing this unless you
know it's and I probably shouldn't say
that yeah I do
I should myself like you know comb my
hair without a license and so far the
government hasn't come after me and I
haven't you know poked my eye out yeah
so what's your all right so what's your
best argument that when when the people
that don't buy into this and say well we
need these regulations because you're
gonna have people that don't know how to
dye hair are gonna be scalding people's
heads and you know mr. burns is gonna be
dumping nuclear waste into the
Springfield River and all of those
things yeah that's the best argument
against me well so one argument is just
that I don't think regulation works very
well and I don't think so I think the
way that the public views regulation is
probably misguided so I don't think the
regulator's are bad people but I think
if you examine the ways that regulations
are formed and operate in the real world
it's oftentimes to protect the interests
of the industries that they're
regulating so this is what's known as
regulatory capture where regulators
aren't always looking out for the public
interest they're actually looking out
for the interest of people in that
industry so financial regulation is the
case of this you have lobbyists who
