[Music]
[Music]
all right people we are live on the
YouTube this is an impromptu livestream
this came together yesterday because
there are so many forces in the world
that are moving so freaking fast right
now and the man sitting across from me
has been tracking these things like a
like a what how are you tracking these
things like a mathematician like a
mathematician Eric Weinstein everybody
knows you already all right we got a lot
to do here
real quick I'm gonna go back to the
camera over there for just a second so
I'm gonna do about an hour and a half
with Eric we're gonna chat about all
kinds of stuff and then no I'm gonna
keep talking you so we're gonna do about
an hour and a half together and then
we're gonna do patreon only Q&A so only
the Reubens select people are gonna get
in on that patreon.com slash Reuben
report and any people that join at any
level will be able to ask us questions
directly no no censoring around here
great you alright with that
I am okay so the reason I wanted to do
this and we've been we've been trading a
lot of calls the last couple days and
the reason I was like we got to just do
this tomorrow is that I feel like I'm
living in kind of two worlds at the
moment that I've been on this tour with
Peterson for the last you know four
months or so we've done about 50 cities
you've appeared at some of the shows
where I've brought you on and you play
the harmonica and get the crowd going
and 3,000 people cheering as you're
playing the harmonica which I assume is
your your biggest great your greatest
professional joy so far but I'm meeting
quite literally thousands of people
every night in different cities all over
this country and soon to be all over the
world we're about to do 18 stops and in
Europe that are coming together over
ideas that are putting political
differences aside getting rid of it hate
trying to figure out some answers they
dig what what we're doing what's going
on with the IDW all of that then you go
on on Twitter and everywhere else online
and just the hate fest seems to have
been ramped up and it's not just Twitter
I always talk about it in a Twitter
perspective but just everything the
articles of hating this one hating that
one all this stuff with Kavanagh
everyone these siloing of opinions has
just increased exponentially and it all
seems to be getting worse and that
brings me to why you're sitting here
because you came on this show about two
years ago for the first time we had just
met a little bit before that
and we started talking about fake news
just as it was bubbling up and I think
some of your predictions that you laid
out were kind of right and I suspect
that maybe you have a couple answers to
some of the theories that you that you
dropped back then how was that for an
intro well Einstein is it's a lot of
that matches my own experience and I do
think that these these parallel worlds
are very confusing if you've never seen
what I've termed the vampire effect so a
vampire is supposed to not reflect in a
looking-glass when it passes by and in a
in essence the shows that you're doing
with Jordan are vampiric that at some
level they don't really exist he can
produce people coming together
extraordinary impacts in people's lives
he can talk about his disdain for
reactionary movements and it doesn't
change the narrative at all and so it's
some level there are two jordan
Peterson's there are two Dave Reubens it
may even be two Eric Weinstein's but I'm
a smaller fish in this in this pond and
one of them is a fictional character
that is drawn using details of your
actual life and the other is your actual
life so one's just the media caricature
basically but but it's a very
interesting caricature in other words
it's as if somebody has affixed strings
to your hands into your feet and so
every time you make a motion your
character has to move so you have to
start doing these calculations if I say
something a little bit nuanced I have to
run the risk that it will be taken out
of context in my media character will
end up saying something that I I find
absolutely abhorrent and so the goal is
to get you to consider the consequences
of your actions if I tell you that every
action you could take would be mapped to
some consequence that I will write into
a story then you start thinking okay
it's not question of what I want to do
it's a question of what do I want to do
given the fact that you're going to
carry it
so do you think that these even if their
self-imposed constraints have now been
placed on many people about how they
speak and really how they think and how
they act
you think it's significantly worse now
than it was even two years ago well
because right before the election you
had all these people saying oh you know
the polls were off because all the Trump
people let's say didn't want to say what
they really thought it seems like those
screws have been tightened even more so
I'm not I don't mean it just in a
certain context in one one through one
lens things have gotten much worse but
I'm actually in a kind of a different
mood about all of this now which is I
would say that when I first came on I
was quite cautious and I said that this
fake news mean if you will
felt very inauthentic Trump had just won
the election in November of 2016 and my
interpretation at the time which hasn't
changed much was that the people who had
lost control of the major narratives
realized that they needed to buy time to
figure out how they were going to
re-establish narrative control and so
what they did was they created a shell
in my opinion that they were gonna have
to fill as they had meetings and figured
out what they wanted to do and that
shell was fake news so basically by
pushing the idea of all the Trump voters
we're paying attention to fake news
that's what caused them to vote for
Trump right well so you had this problem
which is that when you have to call 50%
of your electorate deplorable because
they're voting for someone beyond the
pale now keep in mind I think it's
absolutely essential that we unelect
Trump as soon as possible so I've called
him an existential risk from before the
election and I continue to do what
everything I can do honorably and
decently to figure out how to unelect
him you were a Bernie guy well I was a
Bernie guy in the sense that I voted for
Bernie and I definitely saw him as the
most survived survivable of the three
major options
hillary-bernie and and and Donald what I
what I felt then at the time and I said
so is that we should not have a choice
between three boomer candidates or older
candidates we need fresh new ideas and
none of these people's experience speaks
at all to me so it's not that I was
wildly supportive of Bernie and his
economics policies which made very
little sense to me it was that he was
struggling to be a decent human being
and he was an absolute maverick like
Trump but he was a maverick who had
managed to survive within the system so
there was a level of trust that I had
with him even though I thought he was
economically confused mm-hmm what what I
believe now is is that we've we've been
shown what got put into that container
called fake news or media manipulation
and rather than it being terrifying I
you know I'm sort of on the fence about
this but I I think I'm gonna go in the
direction of funny like this report that
just came out from Dayton Society yeah
on the alternative influence network had
you ever heard of these people before
this report by the well I'd heard of the
woman who founded it Dana Boyd and I've
actually Co runs sessions with an
adviser of theirs named Hilary Mason who
you know as a top notch data scientist
so I didn't have the most negative
impression of the roster of people
there's some people who I view as very
ideological over over there but I didn't
actually know about data in society it
sort of seemed to be an echo of things
that you see in the Tim O'Reilly Network
or what is it the Berkman Center at
Harvard so it's connected up through all
of the major institutions if you look at
the funders of data in society it's the
sloan Foundation it's the New York Times
it's you know I think it's open society
yeah so Bill and Melinda Gates so what's
going on let's pause for a second for
people that don't know what
this thing is that I think most people
watching probably do but basically they
issued this report the alternative
influencer network and it was sort of
how the reactionary right is monetizing
and extending their influence throughout
YouTube and it was heavily based on me
as one of the people I think I was
mentioned seventy seven times in this
report Joe Rogan of course was included
Jordan Peterson was included Tim Poole
who I've had on the show Dennis Prager
Prager was interesting that he was
included because they included his name
Dennis Prager even though this was about
youtubers but really they were going
after his channel Prager you I think
that's just an interesting distinction
that they went after the man not the
Channel then there was a series of other
people on there that I have no idea who
they are there were real white
nationalists I suppose on there from
what I understand one and but basically
they issued this insane graph linking us
all together that looked like a cap is
six degrees of Kevin Bacon on steroids
and there were there are errors I mean I
know there's errors even related to me
they didn't have me and Rogan connected
three times I mean you ruin the whole
okay go ahead wait everything that's
wrong okay please you know there's a lot
to say about I know well but the thing
is is that at first I thought it was
like the 80s and I forgotten that we had
these channels yeah you know greens
company was on there you couldn't leave
it well the the funny thing is is that
before there was no way to fight these
things like if you couldn't jack into
the network of newspapers and radio
stations there was no way to fight back
so all of these things were terrifying
but I noticed that I wasn't a part of
this graph and at first I had this like
sense of relief and then I thought well
I should just go on Dave Rubin show and
become part of the alternative
reactionary influence network as a
Bernie voter because this is gay
pro-choice pot-smoking against the death
penalty over there big right winger
right you know I mean as a fellow by the
way just as a fellow neo-nazi can I ask
how you spent Young Kippur oh it's
lovely I broke it with bagels yeah
exactly I mean they've got Ben Shapiro
on there saying
either way it's so completely insane
yeah and that it it it really doesn't
require refutation what it requires as a
middle schooler with an IQ of above
eighty and an assignment to say what's
wrong with the methodology of this
report because so far as I could tell
there is no methodology in the report
it's not just that it's got errors and
what's can you explain what in a report
like this what a proper methodology
would be because from what I could
understand in the 61 pages of this thing
they basically just tried to link us
together this person talked to this
person this person once interviewed this
person this person appeared somewhere
with this person for getting the error
is in those connections but that to me
doesn't strike me as a methodology it
strikes me as just it's just human
connections people cross peope with
people doesn't mean you're promoting
them it doesn't mean you're secretly
working with anywhere that you're in in
a network I mean that's what they were
really going for here and I think
there's a bigger reason for that that
we're gonna get doing a little bit well
okay so what could they have done yeah
if you were if you were doing it
properly right and you were trying to
show here's a small group of people that
have created this network to extend
these horrible ideas or alternative we
do have influence and there is a part of
us that is a network so in fact that's
not really where the problem right what
you would do normally is you would set
out some list of qualities
characteristics that didn't pick names
that you selectively wanted to feature
mm-hmm and you would say okay here's
what we did we we came up with the
following rule
somebody needs to appear on at least
three shows we've done this so that it's
exhaustive and and everybody who fits
these criteria is listed on this graph
and look what emerges or they at least
hold certain beliefs right could you do
it that way or is that straight so
you're asking me what just what I would
think would be a proper method okay so
you'd state something that was fairly
neutral that didn't name anyone and then
it would emerge that the network was the
solution to the
carefully stated problem and then you'd
say isn't this interesting that when I
looked for that those criteria it picks
out Dave Rubin and Richard Spencer and
it doesn't pick out
Ezra Klein and Sara John mm-hmm
unfortunately you know Ezra Klein does a
podcast with Sam Harris Sam Harris is
named in the appendix but he's not on
the graph I think yeah the you know Noam
Chomsky has appeared on stefan molyneux
so if you actually put all of the people
who would occur as part of a proper
method of methodological discovery of a
network there would be things that
didn't go your way and then there'd be a
section at the end that says we know
that the following anomalies are present
people who are clearly opposed to you
know you might have Linda Sarsour with a
note on the network right and you'd say
okay why is Linda Sarsour to two degrees
separated from Richard Spencer right and
then you'd have to say look these are
maybe some deficiencies maybe you know
here's some here's some ideas for
further research but the point is that
there was nothing like a methodology and
when you look at the author's
ideological commitments which she's very
comfortable sharing they fly in the face
of facts so that there's no she's not
trying to present herself so far as I
can tell as a dispassionate researcher
she's trying to present herself as an
activist she has tweets from August
since deleted because she uses that
tweet scrubber thing or whatever it is
talking about howdy platforming people
is the answer to these problems that she
proposes we have but pretty clear let's
go down there Dave I could understand
somebody saying look let's talk about
what deep platforming is and let's talk
about it in neutral terms so that it
it's not being used selectively to wipe
out reasonable ideas that I disagree
with there's no pretense there's no
semblance and that's why I think this is
that I have a different feeling about
this than I had expected which is
bringing this on give me more yeah cuz
if you show me who's willing to salute
this report you know is this going to be
featured by the Berkman Center at
Harvard yeah I went to Harvard you
couldn't turn something like this in
yeah into a Statistics Department or a
math department and be considered a
researcher you'd be considered a lunatic
and so if Harvard then salutes this
thing that's going to tell us I'm not an
ideological commitment does the New York
Times support this they're certainly
funding this they're finding the Center
for data in society so we know that the
Guardian liked it we know that Vox liked
it by BuzzFeed Wired I didn't see
BuzzFeed actually yeah BuzzFeed it I saw
New York I saw New York Times reporters
tweeting at NBC News reporters tweeting
it but but did it did it did it occur in
the New York Times because I'm seeing no
they so I haven't seen that I'm seeing
that even the publication's who probably
would like to find that this report is
reasonable no they got to be very
careful because if you embrace this
report you're telling it's so bad that
you're telling people what your
standards are for intellectual discourse
mm-hmm and that's what makes it
fascinating so so you want more of this
because you believe this will hasten the
destruction of the monster we've been
fighting basically I want to know how I
can help them to produce more reports
like this yeah you have to understand
what the purpose of a report like this
is and I think somewhere this is my
fifth appearance on your show sorry I'm
probably winning some whisky for the Q&A
how about that all right the I brought
up this gated institutional narrative
and this is where this report is
supposed to slot in in other words it's
not meant for individual consumption
it's meant to be a sizable report and so
it's got like high production graphics
and hey it's a PDF PDFs are hard to make
like it's not a word I'm glad you fix
the PDF it's logged in so the idea is
you're supposed to be able to hold a
conference let's say under the auspices
of the National Academy of Sciences or
Brookings or Berkman Center or whatever
it is and you're supposed to say well
earlier in the year we have this
fabulous report by Rebecca Lewis at the
Center for data and society and and and
they're doing some remarkable work about
how people are being radicalized and I
think this is very important impressive
and and so you have a big serious
conversation in a closed conference and
the release proceedings and then maybe
you'll allow the public in for the for
the final day and you say well thank you
all for joining the conversation of
course none of those people in the
audience has allowed the conversation
right and that's what the gated
institutional narrative is all about
that if you don't own a seat somewhere
on the institutional network you can't
get into that conversation so you
there's nobody who's going to be in a
position to say you realize that report
would not be acceptable at any
reasonable middle school as a as a data
project so that's what they're some
someone was hoping for this but I think
even for these institutions they're
going to be a little bit wary because
it's so naked Lee ideological and so
piss-poor on on the analytics okay so
when I saw this thing come out and I
called you and I was pissed and I was
like ah here we go again just another
one of these things and I was saying you
know this is just their way of inching
us closer to D platforming it maybe you
think but you think that's a secondary
issue here well one friend says and by
the way thank you for having my friend
Peter teal on oh yeah no problem that
was great yeah we can talk about that um
you know Peter has this this brilliant
way of analyzing things is that you have
something that a powerful entity could
do and then he says but the level of
violence needed to accomplish that goal
is probably not
something that that entity could stomach
well I have no doubt that people are
fantasizing about doing to all of these
people what was done to Alex Jones right
with Alex Jones there's so much
over-the-top stuff that a lot of people
who breathed a sigh of relief thank God
somebody rid us of that terrible Alex
Jones I'm not gonna get into whether
Alex Jones is good or bad
