[Music]
I'm on a one-day break from touring with
Jordan Peterson and joining me in studio
today is a free-speech lawyer and the
director of the individual rights
defense program at the foundation for
individual rights in education
aka fire ah Rico and welcome to the
Reuben report thanks for having me
that was a wordy intro a lot of freedom
stuff in there and that's all the stuff
that I like so I'm looking forward to
this say so you guys fire as an
organization is one of the the few
bastions of sanity these days like when
I see what you guys are tweeting about
and consistently defending the
principles of free speech and free
expression and open inquiry I'm always
like ah there are some good guys left so
first can you just tell me a little bit
about the organization why you guys got
started how you personally got involved
well we got started in 1999 with a
professor at Penn and a civil liberties
lawyer in Philadelphia who we're you
know they both decided that there were
there was a problem there was an
epidemic at our colleges and
universities of the core individual
rights that that make up you know our
our Constitution if you will as
individuals as people as citizens of the
United States
we're being respected on campuses across
the country back in 99 99 yeah that's
interesting because a lot of people say
this is just the totally recent
phenomenon well I think you know a lot
of it the there is the political
correctness movement of 80s and 90s a
little bit you know that might have had
something to do with it but then this
has been a problem since the Free Speech
Movement back at Berkeley you know long
before even the 80s or 90s you know
censorship is an age-old problem it
predates the United States of America
really and as Alan and Harvey you know
went about creating fire and they
decided to locate it and like located in
Philadelphia which is you know the
birthplace of our nation they really got
an outpouring of people saying hey this
happened to me too and they said well
this is you know this is a problem this
is an epidemic we need to fix
and fire I was born or lit if you will
and over the years I getting close to 20
now crazy enough that has actually just
gone up every year more and more people
reach out to fire for help you know when
I got to fire for the second time
actually was a legal fellow of fire
after I graduated from law school before
I started in private practice but when I
came back in 2013
getting several hundred K submissions a
year and now we're getting damn near
close to a thousand a year and that's
just the stuff that we hear about can
only imagine how much other stuff is
going on around the country for people
who don't know that we're out there to
help them or you know people who perhaps
go about it themselves it's it's crazy
to think about how much is going on yeah
so I want to talk about some of those
cases and some of the specific work that
you're doing
but foundation for individual rights in
education I am a believer right now
partly because of Kanye West and because
of a lot of people online right now that
the individual is making a comeback that
the idea of the individual verse the
collective is actually making a comeback
do you have any idea when they came up
with the name for fire why it was so
important to put the individual front
and center well I think it's you know
and I'm speaking you know out of some
level of ignorance because I haven't
actually discussed this with either of
them personally but you know if I had to
guess it's it's because the the
individual qualities the freedom of
conscious the freedom of speech the
things that allow us to participate in
society we don't get to the collective
unless we have the individuals one is
necessary to have the other because what
is a collective other than a group of
individuals and consensus is a bunch of
individual opinions that throughout the
process of winnowing and debating
different good ideas and bad ideas we
reach a common understanding we reach a
you know a norm for society and that's
how that's why free speech particularly
is so important
that's how we get to the optimal
resolution the optimal conclusions
that's how we reach these communal
positions is only through our own
personal expressions of what we believe
which exposes us to criticism or
agreement or just flat-out discussion
with other people so how do you think
the ideas of the collective took root so
much at college campus then well I think
there's the give-and-take in society at
large that we really go through every
once in a while in terms of thinking
about things as individualistic and then
worrying about broader concerns of the
community and that's not altogether a
bad thing and I think the college campus
and it's always been this way it's a
microcosm of what we're experiencing in
the broader society and I think that's
another reason why it's so important to
protect individual rights on college
campuses because where they fall on
college campuses they're almost
certainly sure to fall in society writ
large yeah so that actually we discussed
this briefly right before the cameras
turned on that's my concern about this
when people will say oh you know there
isn't a free speech issue on college
campuses and even though I keep going to
college campuses and it's very clear to
me that there is a free speech problem
there but it's not what's gonna happen
it's not just these screaming kids right
now it's not that it's that these are
the people that are going to be in
leadership positions 5 10 15 years in
the future and further than that
obviously and if those ideas take root
because they were able to silence us
once they are the lawmakers once they're
in charge of public policy they're not
going to be too kind to the people who
they were silencing way back when right
yeah I mean that's really one of the key
problems and it's not even just if they
get elected to power even if they aren't
elected and they don't rise to power and
they can't impose these views on other
people these are future citizens even if
they're not necessarily future leaders
and then discourse of the nation if that
is the the prevalent feeling in society
is going to suffer tremendously as a
result if even if they're not in
Congress or in the state legislatures if
50 percent
the country's population thinks that we
shouldn't be talking about certain
things we're not going to talk about
these things and it's going to be
societally imposed if nothing else and I
think that's incredibly damaging to just
about every aspect of our life as a
country yeah it's so interesting to me
because I know used you read about this
but I was at the University of New
Hampshire a couple weeks ago and you
know first we were supposed to give a
speech on campus then about two hours
before they announced that they couldn't
secure the room that they felt there
were too many threats so they were about
200 or 250 people supposed to be in the
room they moved us to the hockey rink
which seats 7,500 people so I stood in
front of a little you know backdrop and
I talked to about 200 people it was
about 150 people that were there to
listen and be respectful and all that
stuff and then they were about probably
about 50 protestors roughly those are
the rough numbers but the desire just to
shout down to use noisemakers to scream
to chant like robots they love robotic
chants all of these things and I kept
saying to them guys do you have any
direct questions is there something that
I've said that you disagree with or is
there something you directly like to ask
me and time and time again the answer
was no and I don't know how you break
them out of that other than keep having
these conversations and hope that the
refugees make it to us and that's a
common problem I think it really comes
down to ideological purity that people
are after the idea that if I disagree
with you on something whether small or
even fundamental if I disagree disagree
with you on that one thing that means
nothing that you have to say could
possibly be of value to me and that is
completely false then you couldn't be
farther from the truth
we can learn so much from the people we
disagree with the most even if I
disagreed with you on absolutely
everything it would still be incredibly
valuable for me to talk to you if only
because that helps me sharpen and really
understand why I believe what I believe
in and people really discount the
importance of understanding why you
believe something yeah so the argument
that I've been making for a while is
that and I do think right now at least
in 2018 this is more of a problem on the
left
but they've only ideas in the narrative
and the college campus discussion and
academia and media and all that they've
owned that for so long that the reason
these kids end up be or these students
end up being so hysterical is because
they never hear counter ideas so then
you get a pretty moderate guy who's
arguing about liberty and freedom for
everybody and live and let live and that
actually offends them because they never
hear anything outside of what they're
being taught that goes to the academic
part I think mostly well I think we're
doing a really crappy job of educating
students before they get to college
about why free speech and our other
rights are important civics education is
clearly in the toilet right now yeah
and it's bizarre to me I grew up in
Skokie Illinois one of the sites one of
the most famous free speech cases you
know in recent history
yeah can you lay it out for those that
don't know this the story in the 70s the
American the American Socialist Party
that nationalist party the Illinois
Nazis if you'd ask the Blues Brothers
yeah wanted to march through Skokie
Illinois which outside of New York had
the largest concentration of Holocaust
survivors in the United States and
Skokie tried to stop them and they sued
with the aid of the American Civil
Liberties Union of Illinois and it went
too well both the Supreme Court of
Illinois and the Supreme Court of the
United States and the Nazis had the
right to march and and the courts held
so and there were threats of violence
and disruption and all you know people
out crying as to how this could be
allowed but ultimately the Nazis had the
First Amendment right to march through
Skokie and I grew up learning about that
case from a very young age I can't tell
you how many times I saw the movie they
made about it yeah and it really it got
me thinking at a young age about why
this is important how I think about it
and I can't tell you that as a young
child I completely agree that the Nazi
should have a right to march you know I
when I was that young a part of me
didn't grasp the overarching fundamental
importance of free speech but I was
thinking about it
yes and I got there and I get the
feeling that some
we're not doing enough to make our
students think about why it's important
yeah it's such an important case and I'm
glad you mentioned it because it goes
really to the heart of this that the
people that lived in Skokie as you said
the second largest amount of Holocaust
survivors in the country these people
literally survived the genocide probably
virtually all of them lost some of them
probably lost all of their family
members and friends and all of that and
yet I would sit here as someone that
lost Holocaust survivors on both sides
of my family and tell you it was the
right decision you can't let the the
Nazis or the white supremacist whatever
they're you can't let them start
ransacking property you can't let them
start killing people are harming people
but letting letting them march that's
the exchange of free speech and it's
kind of shitty but you got to defend it
when it's hard to defend you that's
defined it when it's hard to defend
because otherwise there's it's not going
to be around to defend when it's easy to
defend you know once you can start
creating exceptions and encroaching
there's no end to it and you know we've
kind of seemed even in other countries
that once the the encroachments start
it's always well we make that exception
and just this one other small exception
and then there's inevitably another one
and another one and all four perhaps
even you know good reasons in terms of
you know ideals and and the goals are
laudable perhaps I say at every show the
road to hell is paved with good
intentions getting tired of saying me
both yeah but you know it's really
practically speaking it's inevitable
yeah how much of this is just a
confusion as to what the First Amendment
is that's also what I've started to
realize because when I've gone on
college campuses and the protesters are
there and I always say it I welcome
peaceful protests I completely welcome I
welcome the exchange of ideas the
questions all of that but when when
they're screaming about certain things I
think there's just a disconnect as to
what I think to legal things I think
what the First Amendment is and what
hate speech is is or isn't so can you
talk about that a little bit yeah I if I
had to have to hear one more person
whether it be student
Internet comment or even journalists or
faculty numbers sometimes say hate
speech is not free speech I'm gonna lose
it okay so let's do it let's do that one
first cuz I really I mean this will be
maybe what we promo for this episode but
I really want people to understand this
why is hate speech free speech well on a
legal level hate speech is free speech
because the First Amendment and the
courts have said nothing about freeze or
hate speech being unprotected by the
First Amendment speech is protected by
the First Amendment unless it falls
under one of the very few existing
categories of unprotected speech yeah
what are what are those categories
there's incitement to imminent lawless
action and these all have very high bars
true threats and intimidation you can be
sued for libel or slander defamation as
they're known some states I think
actually still have criminal statutes on
the book but books but they're rarely
enforced love fraud obscenity which
people often confuse with mere profanity
or lewdness but they are not the same
thing by any stretch of the imagination
what's the difference on those two well
profanity and lewdness are generally
protected by the First Amendment
obscenity is a very high bar it's a
speech that has to be our expression I
should say more broadly than just speech
that has to appeal to the prurient
interest which is an inordinate
fascination with sex describe or depict
sex in a patently offensive way and have
no social political literary or artistic
value whatsoever and to get down in the
in the mud he ever heard of crush videos
I feel like I have but I'm honestly not
sure what that is they are videos of
women wearing stilettos crushing small
animals like hamsters and gerbils to
death and people apparently get off on
that yeah I don't intend to understand
it even that is not wholly unprotected
by the obscenity exception to the First
Amendment that that's a particularly
interesting case I suppose because the
idea of it talking about it seems like I
would have no problem with that but the
action itself probably there's
legal reasons right like killing and
killing animals there's some law I guess
if Charlie state law right but if you
have this pornography you can call it
that I just have a hard time getting it
yeah if you have it in you to possess it
or like unit you can't be prosecuted for
for possessing that obscene material
it's an interesting distinction that the
Act is the crime or the act is what is
illegal not the depiction depiction or
is it disseminating of the information
or that sort of thing right child
pornography obviously not protected by
the First Amendment yeah you know but
there's some others the one additional
wrinkle of the fighting words doctrine
although there's a considerable doubt
that it remains a viable exception to
the First Amendment but it really gets
brought up a lot in the hate speech
debate to the extent it still exists
it's limited to face-to-face
interactions where say I say something
to you that is so insanely abusive that
you are likely to punch me in the face
without thinking twice about it instead
of taking a deep breath and either
ignoring me or coming back at me and
there's reasons why it's fallen into
disuse and it's worthwhile to note that
the Supreme Court hasn't upheld a
fighting words conviction since the case
in the 40s when it created the fighting
which is how far it's fallen into disuse
it incentivizes punching people in the
face right it creates an easy way to
censor the people that you disagree with
and it would I assume be some level of a
subjective piece of information as to
what you think is offensive at the
highest order is different perhaps than
what I think or exactly what some of
these other people yeah it creates
terrible incentives and it would
basically lead to an institutionalized
hecklers veto so it's really not tenable
yeah so on that on the hate speech front
which was clear what the Supreme Court
has said about hate speech you're
allowed to do it with with these
exceptions that you've just laid out
you're allowed to say mean things what I
what I'm realizing on college campuses
is they really don't like that the
people the set of people that we're
talking but they really don't like that
so like they think if you like
you it's just the fact you are allowed
to say bad things you can say I hate all
the Jews you can say I hate all the
black people and all the gays or
whatever you can say it you can't cause
direct call to violence but what I think
they think is that if you keep saying
those things I hate these people that
it's going to incite violence now my
counter-argument would be no you have to
use free speech to counter those bad
ideas that's the whole purpose of free
speech but do you see that that that
seems to be the slope that they
consistently are on that if we allow you
to say I hate these people which is
bigoted and prejudiced and all of those
things but it's afforded to us by the
Bill of Rights they think that that's
going to get you to violence how do you
combat that notion if you agree with the
premise well that is something that we
tend to hear a lot in the First
Amendment world and you know first of
all generally speaking in this country
we punish the people who do the bad acts
if I watch your show and I get some
kooky idea and go off and you know
commit some crime we're not going to
throw you in jail because I'm an idiot
and took a terrible idea that you didn't
even intend me to take right now it
might be different though if I was up
here saying you should violently attack
these people etc right exactly and
that's why the incitement standard is so
high he has to be likely to incite and
intended to incite immediate criminal
