joining me today is a professor of
English at the University of Ottawa an
author a self-declared anti-feminist and
a campaigner for the right to dissent
Janus V mango welcome to the Reuben
report well thank you very much Dave
it's nice to have you here we were
looped in by this Jordan Peterson fella
apparently everyone knows this guy now
so before we do anything else I thought
it would be interesting since he looped
us in together what do you make of the
Jordan Peterson phenomenon well to say
the very least I think what Jordan
proves is that there is an incredible
hunger out there amongst young people
maybe amongst young men in particular
but obviously amongst women as well for
for for something that's really genuine
and hard-hitting and real in terms of
discussing what matters in the world
today something that we aren't getting
in our public conversations at all and
and Jordan obviously offers that and and
all of the attempts to discredit him and
to claim that he represents something
really dark and nefarious it clearly
isn't working and turning people off
yeah it ain't gonna stop though no no it
no it's just ramping up I think yeah
yeah what is going on in Canada that
there seems to be a burst of Canadian
professors from from Jordan to you and
GAD sad sad and plenty of others feel
free to name-drop some others that
should be on my radar there seems to be
a real pushback from Canadian professors
at least a small select group of them
against this sort of groupthink and Pro
faux diversity and whatever you want to
call this whole movement yeah well um
actually I think it's unfortunately
still a relatively small group I would
say I think there needs to be a lot more
in the way of pushback the thing that
really struck me about Jordan Peterson
the situation when he
you know first sort of burst onto the
scene with his declaration that he would
not you know he would not engage in
forced speech that that not a single
professor at the University of Toronto
would come forward even to say I may not
necessarily agree with what he's saying
but I support his right to say it and
that's one of the largest universities
if not the largest university in Canada
and probably the most prestigious one
and the fact that not a single professor
felt that he or she could stand with
Jordan in that moment that was
astounding to me and so yeah there are a
few and GAD sat is a wonderful example I
have a close friend at Acadia University
who was actually just fired this year
Rick Mehta
yeah who was inspired by Jordan he he
was someone who had been thinking for
years a lot of the things that Jordan
has talked about in terms of the
groupthink in academia the whole range
of subjects that you can't even talk
about well that you can't talk about
from a variety of positions that you
have to take one position on and so he
finally started speaking out before this
he was an award-winning teacher and the
year he started speaking out he had so
many complaints and he's now actually
been fired a tenured professor this is
an astounding thing so so unfortunately
I would say that what's happening in
Canada is that a few people are speaking
out and a lot of people are speaking
privately saying you know I really
support what you're talking about and I
really wish I could do it as well but
it's way too dangerous for me to do so
and the case of Professor Mehta at
Acadia proves that indeed people have
reason to be very fearful yeah you know
in the case of professor Mehta it's so
interesting to me that one of the ways I
get guests is that suddenly someone does
something often at a university and then
it starts bubbling and there's some
stories written and then I start hearing
about it on Twitter and then it bubbles
up enough and then they usually end up
right in that seat where you are right
there
I suspect he'll probably be in here -
and in a weird way all of you guys are
just defending the ability to think
about these issues yeah the positions
that most of you are taking often
wouldn't have been considered radical 20
years absolutely not no no they wouldn't
have been it in fact I mean in in
professor metas case it seems to me he's
such an excellent example of the fact
that this is not about even an
individual saying offensive things
because what were the supposed defensive
well I mean like and he didn't take
these as positions you know he he I
think would would identify himself as a
classic liberal he's not particularly
conservative but he he wanted to talk
about the full range of issues he
objected to his universities indigenous
a ssin program which I think maybe was
the most controversial of the subjects
and this is I think this is probably now
the top hot-button issue at Canadian
universities it's the the move to
replace European based knowledge as
exclusionary and inadequate and
subjective and to replace it in some
cases with indigenous knowledge even in
something called indigenous science
which many scientists would say is
actually not I mean there is only
there's science that is all there is and
so indigenous science has to do with
indigenous ways of knowing elders
knowledge what some might say is
superstition or magical beliefs of sort
of anecdotal kinds of observations and
you know there's an attempt on the part
of universities in some ways a lot of a
one to bring in indigenous peoples
who've been excluded from the university
experience for many years for a variety
of reasons but the idea that indigenous
knowledge is not to be questioned that
it has a value equal to supposedly
Europeans
science is a really incredibly worrisome
and strange idea and so he objected to
that and he raised a whole bunch of
other questions not even saying that he
wanted to that he was necessarily taking
a position on them but merely saying
that you know he said that identity
politics is divisive and causes
resentment what I thought can you
believe it yeah never heard that before
yeah he talked about you know the the
the psychological science about
differences in in preference and
interest and intellectual ability
between men and women he what else did
he he talked about the wage gap and and
said that you know that there was a lot
of evidence to suggest that it was based
on preferences and choices that people
made rather than bias against women
they're a whole bunch of I mean he
really was just trying to do what
exactly as you said professors once were
supposed to do and that's now no longer
possible in in the university classroom
and I think a lot of students probably
liked him I mean he got these teaching
awards and he had a lot of support even
up until the point that he was fired but
because I a cadre of very angry students
and also very angry colleagues and it is
often professors who are persecuting
other professors they claimed a
complaint about him and said that he was
you know harassing them so let's put the
student part aside for a second because
we're gonna get to that a little bit but
the the colleague hmm the fact that so
much of this is being driven by other
professors I mean we saw this with Brad
Weinstein in Evergreen State Jordan and
many of my other friends who are
professors now tell me they often get
support privately from professors but
not publicly which is the most enraging
GAD tells me about this all the time but
what do you make of professors that are
that are leading this with the charge
against inquiry and and thought mmm-hmm
well they're true believers I think many
of them and well though some are true
believers they they see themselves as
part of a revolution that's absolutely
necessary they believe that
our society is one of entrenched
inequality and structural violence
against women against racial minorities
against indigenous peoples against trans
people and you know you know that all
the the the claims and and so they they
see that any attempt to argue or against
their positions or to simply call for
more open discussion is a way of
reasserting a very unjust they would say
you know deathly status quo and then a
lot of people I think are not true
believers but are just going along for
career reasons or because it's easier to
go along they just want to do their
research and they can only do it in
peace if they say all the correct
you know platitudes so I mean I'm what
happened was that I think gradually the
idea of the university was destroyed it
whenever it started how it happened and
it seems to have started sometimes in
the late 60s Allan bloom I'm sure you've
read the closing of the American mind
you know he is claimed is that
professors lost faith in the idea of the
University as a sort of separate space
where you you simply thought about
things you didn't get involved and I he
has a wonderful line I remember
something about how Socrates felt that
it was more important to think about
justice and to you know to really learn
what justice is rather than try to
implement whatever partial version of it
you know is roiling the public
consciousness of the day and and so that
was what the university had meant that
it's best I think right so the way this
is a case of where the University
original mission of being a place to
find truth and giving people the
opportunity to think about these issues
debate these issues etc has taken a
complete 180 because now it seems to be
the breeding ground for the opposite of
those ideas it is a breeding ground for
sure I mean it's it's where all of the
indoctrination takes place and then of
course the the students who are
indoctrinated go out into all
major spheres of our society they they
go to law school where they they read
critical legal theory that tells them
that there there is there's nothing
unbiased or objective about the legal
system that we have in North America
that it needs to be completely remade
they become journalists and they go to
journalism school where they learn the
same thing and they're told that a
journalist should be somebody who
attempts to improve and change society
make it better rather than just report
that you know what's what's happening
they become teachers they they go into
the education faculties where they're
also being radicalized and you know and
and so it's not surprising that this is
where we're at now one of the things
that fascinates me about this every time
I hear another professor come in and
talk about it all right to see another
breaking story about it or another
monument taken down or whatever it is
this is nature of history yeah is that
what you said before about the the
indigenous sciences it's like they don't
want you to just say okay maybe we could
have an extra course in this and teach
it hopefully with the same academic
rigor as you would teach European
sciences or what's known as you said as
science we could have a parallel course
if you want to take that as well but
they actually they want to replace
history and that that seems to me to be
the most dangerous part of this yeah
yeah well it and begin it but it's not
surprising if you believe that the
system that we have now is you know
kills people it's always the rhetoric is
really really extreme it's like you know
what you're saying is is violence to me
and my family what you're saying you
know causes people to die so if you
really believe that in some way then you
can't just bring in you can't just have
add-ons of other courses it is that this
is not a rumor in the witches yeah
absolutely it's this and it's not a
reform movement even where you could get
to a point where you would say okay
we've made you know certain structural
changes to satisfy you know these
various concerns it is a radical
revolutionary movement that everything
has to be smashed
and rebuilt and and yeah and and I think
there's a very naive confidence on the
part of many professors that that they
know better than generations and
generations of people who came before
and they will be able to build Jerusalem
I somehow it's somehow doubted all right
but so let's back up a little bit and
get to your involvement in all of this
so a self-declared anti-feminist the
defender of dissent of a big fan of
dissent so just tell me a little bit
about your academic background and what
sort of brought you to believe some of
the things that you believe now yeah
well you know I started off as I think a
pretty well to go back further I started
off as just a you know someone who loved
literature I was a nerd I loved to read
and that was all I you know from the
time I was very young I wanted to be a
university professor I want to teach
literature so then I got into graduate
school and I was radicalized there I
would say like everyone you know and and
and and that experience was really
important to me in that I realized how
incredibly pleasurable it is to be a
radical yeah you know you describe that
a little bit that feeling rock we're
getting slammed with now yeah it's you
know it's it's very addictive and maybe
it is even a kind of addiction I'm sure
that there are all sorts of chemical
changes that go on in your brain when
you're feeling this this it's a
combination of sort of euphoric rage and
self-righteous indignation and and and
and righteous outrage and so yeah I'd
you know I did all the things I marched
and Take Back the Night marches and I
worked at a women's shelter and and
suddenly then I started to see that my
purpose in becoming a university
professor would be to radicalize other
students and to show them what I had
come to understand
and yeah and it's it's a it's a very
heady experience and I've thought for
years and years like then I came off it
because I think partly because of my
background my parents are lower middle
class and my dad died last year but
somehow the that outrage it just didn't
fit with the values that they've given
me and did it I couldn't hold on to the
the conviction how long did it last for
you it lasted while I was a graduate
student really so like from my about in
1991 to 94 or something around there and
then it started to fade off yes you
remember do you remember moments was
there seminal moment there wasn't one
moment I wouldn't say but there there
were just there were a number of moments
where I I just I couldn't hold on to the
sense of conviction I can't think of a
specific moment until like by the time I
started teaching full-time I started
teaching full-time in 1999 and at that
point I would have said that I was I
probably would have said I was still a
feminist but I would have seen myself as
more of a moderate feminist and and and
I wouldn't that wouldn't have been my
primary self-identification I would have
said I was an animal lover you know or
something else like that and then but
9/11 was really my that was my moment
and it was because at the university
that I was teaching out at the time
University of Saskatchewan I'll never
forget that morning I was already at
work the secretary said that you know
planes had flown into the the towers and
I you know I was horrified and and but I
noticed that the mood at the University
and in my department in particular it
was one of like barely contained sort of
vaunting pleasure Wow
I couldn't believe it and or at least I
mean maybe that's you know maybe not
everybody felt that that
could have been just my my sense of it
but certainly a kind of satisfaction and
in fact one of my friends came into the
mailroom and said well they've got what
they deserved
this is like you know within an hour of
the news another said that she was going
to teach about it that day and this was
like really early on in the term so she
hadn't even really started I think this
was like our first week probably yeah
first week or maybe the the first part
of the second week but anyway and she
was gonna teach about the event and she
was going to talk about how how this
would be used by reaction how this would
likely be used by reactionary forces in
the United States and how it'd be very
interesting to watch over the next few
days who they would blame and how they
would begin to manipulate I thought wow
like it hasn't I mean you know it she
never even thought that maybe there
would be students in the class who would
be really upset I might even you don't
know somebody who knew somebody or it
was just the the lack of human empathy
and the the hatred the satisfied hatred
that that was really my moment that
turned me off completely from everything
to do with the the left progressivism
the anti Americanism the anti Western
culture everything then the other thing
that was happening at the same time role
in the year before too was that my
department was doing a fair bit of
hiring and we were doing what we called
equity hiring affirmative action hiring
and we were very very keen to hire more
women and to hire members of visible
minorities and indigenous people and I I
just you know and there was you weren't
allowed to obviously object in any way
and nobody did everyone this that maybe
occasionally privately a bit a bit of
Demuro but but basically everyone was
publicly very enthusiastic and it just
struck me as the most unjust ridiculous
thing I'm basically like no men no white
men were were even considered for any of
the positions that were offered and I I
I couldn't see how that was a good thing
in any way at all and it just it seemed
to me out raging and that all and you
know we would get hundreds of
applications for some of the positions
and all of these men who'd done all
these amazing things being just being
put aside and women who had done far far
less being considered and brought in for
interview and always the idea was that
you know this was equity hiring which
meant that if two candidates were
equally qualified and you know we would
choose the woman but of course as soon
as you're looking to hire right
political reason you're not considering
the true qualities of the candidates at
all so in in a situation like this if we
if you had two candidates that had the
exact same criteria and you had a
department that was say 90% male mm-hmm
in that case what would your position be
on this if they truly I know what you're
saying
never get to that place where it's
exactly what the proposition is yeah no
they aren't there are never two
candidates who are exactly the same and
I honestly could never see a situation
where it would be so urgent that you
would hire on the basis of you know an
identity category III can't believe that
I mean the arguments for changing the
you know the demographic mix of
workplaces or whatever I can see them
applying in in very narrow circumstances
for instance in primary school I would
say yeah it's probably a good idea that
children have a mix of men and women and
as teacher
and and maybe even an ethnic mix if it's
a ethnically mixed school I could see
that as important and for in fact that
doesn't happen because you know most
primary schools are taught almost
entirely by by women so little boys who
