[Music]
of all the polarizing issues in politics
today and yes there are many the climate
change debate is right at the top of the
list climate change seems to be one of
the you're either with us or you're
against us topics usually debated by
people immediately taking a partisan
stance rather than a well-thought-out
position this past year I actually lost
a good friend who told me that she could
no longer be associated with people who
even debate climate change and I'm
someone who's had such conversations on
this very show I think the most hate
that I ever got for a Rubin report
episode was when I had Alex Epstein
author of the moral case for fossil
fuels and for a sit down
Alex's argument isn't against manmade
climate change specifically instead he's
more focused on how to increase human
prosperity with what we have now
essentially his argument is although
climate change could be real fossil
fuels still have many net benefits for
our society after endless tweets emails
and messages from angry people Alex did
a follow up video on YouTube himself
where he answered around a hundred
viewer questions engaging with people
who have different views is exactly what
the battle of ideas is all about on the
flip side of the debate
I've also sat down with Michael Mann a
climatologist and the author of the
famous the hockey stick and the climate
Wars who's a thought leader in the
climate change debate I've discussed
climate change to some degree or another
with believers in manmade climate change
like sam Harris Michael Shermer and
Richard Dawkins as well as some with the
more skeptical views such as Andrew
Clavin steven crowder and ben shapiro
and for the record not one of these
guests believe the exact same thing as
anyone else i just mentioned right there
I find climate change to be a really
interesting discussion because it often
shows how one's thinking works in other
areas as well
generally speaking Democrats are those
on the left see climate change as
man-made and believe that governmental
action is the best or in some cases the
only way to reverse its negative effects
Republicans are those on the right
generally believe that something is
happening to the environment though
there is some debate as to whether it's
man-made
but regardless believe that the private
sector is better left to deal with these
issues of course there are outliers on
each side such as
my former guests California Democratic
gubernatorial candidate Mike
Shellenberger who wants the private
sector to be more involved in solving
climate issues and at the same time
there are also Republicans and people on
the right who deny manmade climate
change at all the science debate on
climate change is an interesting one and
one in which I'm happy to have what
interests me more though is how the
government should or should not be part
of the solution to whatever the problem
may be you know my feelings on this that
the government is rarely the solution to
anything actually at this point I think
the government is usually the problem in
the first place and I'd always rather
exhaust private options before turning
to the government especially the federal
government ironically this should be the
position of the people who hate Trump
why would you want to keep giving the
government more power when you hate the
guy in charge but at the end of the day
it's not governmental power that they
have a problem with it's that they only
have a problem with governmental power
when it's not their guy at charge
fortunately there does seem to be a
younger generation that is tackling
issues like climate change in the
environment in a totally new way it
seems to be based not only in scientific
facts but also in an understanding of
how a limited government should work my
guest this week is Benjy backer
president of the American conservation
coalition the group is dedicated to
finding new ways to look at old problems
as its mantra States they are committed
to efficient effective conservative
environmentalism as for me I'm a
believer in the science behind climate
change and the funny thing about science
is that it doesn't care whether you
believe in it or not for me the real
debate around climate change is how to
go about finding solutions without
giving more power and more money to the
government whether you believe in
climate science or not whether you want
more government regulation or less or
whether you believe the private sector
can find a solution or not we're all
stuck on this little rock together so
until Alan musk a private businessman
gets us all to Mars let's try to figure
out how to solve some of our problems on
this pale blue dot while we still have a
chance
[Music]
joining me today is the founder of the
American conservation coalition an
organization committed to efficient
effective conservative environmentalism
hashtag green GOP Benjy backer
welcome to the ruben reports great to be
here i feel you are long overdue
even though 20 years old you didn't have
a lot of time to get here but you know
you got here we've met a couple times i
kind of found out about you a couple
years ago we're gonna talk about what
kind of put you on the map in the
political world and got your activism
going and all that but it's good to have
you here i like that you you dressed
ready for the part oh yeah you gotta
gotta look good to feel good alright so
you have a really interesting story of
what got you in this mix but first i
thirst thought I'd like to ask my guest
just kind of tell me a little bit about
your upbringing yeah Emily that kind of
thing yeah so I grew up in a family of
five completely non-political very close
family we traveled a lot together
youngest I had two older sisters my
parents were actually entrepreneurs they
started a business when I was I want to
say ten which was a software company
based on mortgages and really started to
take off but it was during the recession
and it was a really bold move for that
time mine it really paid off and they're
now retired and kind of lived the
American dream which was a really cool
thing to be brought up by yeah what
about the politics at home were you guys
always kind of conservative or didn't
talk about it so actually you've got
really different views my sister is a
liberal one of them and then one of them
is more just not into it very much my
parents are conservative but they never
told us really about their views they
wanted us to decide for ourselves
obviously their morals and values I
think played into how I feel about
things but it was never forced upon us
or they were not adamant about politics
or volunteered or donated to my
knowledge two campaigns so I really
wasn't talked about in the house you
know they'd have the debates on or they
you'd have the news on but nothing
really more than that so I was able to
figure out my opinions for myself when I
was a little bit earlier than most
people when I was ten but yeah what kind
of pain
there's a ten-year-old have well I was
watching that John McCain Obama debates
which at ten years old yes at ten years
old I found it really interesting and I
wanted to figure out where I stood on
the spectrum of what I support John
McCain or what I support I think Senator
Obama at the time yeah and so I looked
up online kind of just a basic outline
of what each side believed in and I
figured out that I was conservative and
so for that couple years I kind of I I
forced my parents to put signs in our
yard for John McCain I forced them to
put bumper stickers on our cars
what are you various what did your
parents think about this their tenure
like all right well support you in
whatever you do they were very I mean
it's it's I think that they were
surprised and now I don't know if any
parent thinks that their ten-year-old
kid is gonna get super interested in
politics because it doesn't relie affect
you at ten years old it doesn't really
affect you until after college really so
that was kind of a surprise to them but
they were supportive they let me you
know research as much as I wanted to and
again they allowed me to put the signs
in the yard the bumper stickers on my
rip stick you know that type of thing so
it was a pretty cool time and then I got
injured and decided to volunteer because
I couldn't play sports no all right so I
wanna I want to get to that in a sec but
wait I just want a picture this ten
years old you're watching me you guys
soon you're watching with your folks
probably er yeah right okay you go
online to figure out the issues what
mattered to you at ten years old that
you said at the end of it okay I'm a
conservative or I'm gonna vote for
McCain well my pet my parents were
always really fiscally conservative with
just how they spent money you know we
were never like in a really really tough
position when I was super young but we
always were saying you know buy the
cheapest product you can save as much
money as you can and that was something
that I was brought up with so that
really mattered to me and knowing that
the government could take away my
parents hard earned money and knowing
that the government could come in and
and harm my dad's business by putting a
ton of restrictions that kind of struck
me pretty harshly and then also my
family we were raised on family values
right you know close-knit family it
it kind of happens that way so those two
things were kind of the main drivers I
would say yeah it's just hard to imagine
a 10 year old baby but it's at but it's
pretty cool and it explains why you're
here right now so okay what put you on
the map and when I found out about you
and I think nationally when people found
out about yeah and now this makes sense
now that I know that this was brewing a
ten year ago 2013 you're 15 years old
yeah what happens yeah so I had been
active in politics for three years
before that and what does that even mean
well I was gone
carry on Scott Walker's campaign Senator
Ron Johnson s campaign I helped out Mitt
Romney as well in 2012 and people
believe it started throw up but could
people even believe it like here's this
12 year old kid 11 year old kid working
on these campaign it was actually really
funny the first campaign ever worked on
did let me use the phones at first
because they could you know we need to
try to do it twelve-year-old on the room
you can tell us like hi is Michael dress
there like yeah but like who are you and
why are you 12 and why are you calling
me from a congressional office right
crystal campaign and so people were
actually really surprised conservatives
were really supportive they're like whoa
look at this 12 year old kid is
volunteering for us and the left is like
why is this 12 year old and cheering for
them so it was pretty funny again I was
injured so I needed something to do in
like any twelve-year-old
I decided to volunteer for politics so
yeah it was a very interesting dynamic
because this is also hilarious that an
injury got you into politics what kind
of injury was an ankle injury that the
doctors couldn't figure out I was like
crutches for a year and a half
Wow gained a lot of weight it was during
middle school which does not help
because those are the worst years for
that anyways and so then again I went
into congressional office and they
didn't want me to do the phones they
don't want me to go door-to-door cuz
imagine a 12-year olds coming to your
door like hey you should vote for X Y or
Z like I might why should I trust a 12
year old right so this is a very
interesting dynamic at that age so all
right so now what puts you on the map
yes a 13 year 15 years old something
happens yes so in high school early on
in high school and middle school
teachers had really
come out for me for my political views
because I was trying to make local
headlines for my activism especially in
the recall election for Scott Walker in
2012
so tell me that tell me a little bit
about what your opinions were in what
your teachers were yes I was a really
pro scout Walker guy I was I actually
ended up becoming close with his family
and and a great guy but I even better
policies you know I talked to a lot of
teachers who were sick of being forced
to join unions and sick of starting out
with $30,000 base pay when senior senior
teachers were making $100,000 with
benefits and it took them 40 years to
get to that level even if they're a
better teacher so people were really
kind of sick of that but it was a very
small minority because the unions really
had a lot of brainwashing in the state
and I'm sure in other states as well and
so my view is that Scott Walker is
really helping out the state because he
helped balance the budget and he kind of
freed the teachers up and helped their
pay become more of a fair shake but they
the teachers did not like that the
majority of them I mean most people know
of the huge uprising that happened the
protests were there are thousands of
people death threats to every Republican
in the state legislature and the
governor and so the teachers would leave
school they protested they take leave
they would cry in class I mean it was it
was pretty insane yeah and then you know
you have me over here bold little Benjy
know when I was there and saying who
Scott Walker they did not like that at
all so they would say pretty disparaging
things to be in class in front of my
fellows like what kind of things would
they say to you they attacked my family
for being business owners and saying
that they were lazy and saying that they
assumed that my parents golf every
Friday by the way my parents don't know
how to golf so that's not true I don't
even know how I golf and so that was
that was one thing that that that they
would always say and they would call me
a racist or weird for being in politics
at such a young age
what's that like for for a kid of that
age I'd be dealing with that it's one
thing to be outspoken but I out your
teachers your authority figures are
attacking you publicly in school I
actually in a minute
because at first I was pretty taken
aback and I was kind of sad about it
but my parents really pushed me on and
said you're doing the right thing and
just kind of block out as the
Millennials say block out the haters
yeah so I didn't really care that much
as long as it didn't affect my grades or
how my classmates viewed me because I do
care about the people that I am friends
with so so that was kind of frustrating
but after a while I just kind of got
used to it because it would happen in a
class every single quarter of every
single semester of every single year 7th
grade until til I started coming out
nationally about this issue did it ever
affect your grades because I could see a
teacher in a subjective class maybe not
map where it would be tough to screw
with your grades but a social studies
teacher where you're writing an essay or
an English teacher or something actually
harming your grade it did actually my
lowest grade ever was in a social
studies class in middle school
I've never gotten anything really below
like a high B level and there I got a
d-plus Wow in that social studies class
it's middle school so at that point is
middle school so it didn't really matter
per se but you could say you can see
that there was a trend going and that
I'd be worried in the future years
whether or not that it would affect me
and in other classes I don't think it
did as much which is good but in that
class I did see I mean it's a pretty
obvious correlation between me getting
good grades in every class since that in
every class before then and then getting
a d-plus in that class right weird and
also probably not a coincidence that
social studies is the class that you
were probably talking about this right
the most right did you did you try to
fight the teacher on that did your folks
get involved or anything oh we actually
I actually ended up switching schools
Wow I mean it's incredible yeah so so
that was that was a big change it
actually ended up being for the better
because the school is switch to is one
the feeder school so the high school if
I was going to so I ended up making
better connections there but it was an
annoying change that shouldn't have been
necessary it was a teacher who had a
history of these types of behaviors not
just on politics but on other things so
so it's interesting because you were
fighting the unions which in your
estimation was actually Pro teacher
because you thought the union
were too powerful meanwhile you have
teachers fighting you which is really
only feeding your initial premise right
in the first place yeah so that was
really it really enhanced my opinion on
the subject it made me really want to to
push further because I could tell that
some of these teachers were really
worried about their job or their job
security because they knew that they
could actually be held accountable now
and some of the senior teachers knew
that oh I actually have to perform well
to get paid well I don't my age isn't
just the deciding factor yeah so I think
that that's why people came out so
strongly in certain areas so some people
just didn't really understand the full
scope of the situation and call them
down once they figured that out but some
I think were really worried about their
their future pay because they had kind
of just been relaxed for the last 20
years since their pay had gone up right
so basically they weren't doing a great
job and rice isn't just unique to
Wisconsin this is happen all over
America where you have these teachers
that have been at it forever I've kind
of given up or are not working that hard
anymore but they're protected by the
unions their salaries keep going up they
get great benefits etcetera etcetera
that's what you're fighting and you're
seeing the the fruits of what happens
with that as they're cracking down on
you so what actually put you on what was
the specific incident that that put this
all in motion yeah so I kind of took all
the information that I had of all the
experiences that I had gone through and
wrote it up in a blog for Freedom Works
it ended up going to Drudge and then
Todd Starnes at Fox wrote something up
about it
Town Hall had something it started to
get in that space and then eventually
Megyn Kelly's show reached out to ask me
to come on and talk about it so that
kind of put me on the map there and then
I started to be invited to conferences
to speak about my experience and kind of
how other young conservatives shouldn't
be scared to speak out in the classroom
even if their teachers or other fellow
students come after them
it wasn't easy because it was my
sophomore year of high school actually
my fresh end of my freshman year of high
school and the after that Fox News
interview I received death threats
people were threatening me at school
