[Music]
allow me to tell you the classic
children's tale of Chicken Little
otherwise known as Henny Penny as the
tale goes little Henny was outside one
day when an acorn fell from a tree and
hit her on the head because of her
naivete and simplemindedness Henny
foolishly began to believe that the sky
itself was falling down around her she
spent the rest of the day trying to
convince others like goosey loosey and
turkey-lurkey that the sky was most
certainly falling and the world was
surely coming to an end in most versions
of the story the trip does not end well
for Henny and her hysterical friends
after they meet the sly Foxy Loxy I
don't want to give everything away
though so either read the story for
yourself or check out the classic season
6 episode of The Golden Girls in which
they reenact the tale I mention Henny
and Lucy and Turkey and foxy not just
because they're great names to say but
because it seems that just about
everyone is telling us the sky is
falling these days between Trump Russia
North Korea we've got about half the
country that's in total freakout mode
every day this freak out takes on a new
urgency one day the world is ending
because America left the Paris climate
Accord another day it's because of the
net neutrality reversal and another day
it's because Trump holds his water glass
with two hands this endless hysteria is
not only being amplified by the media
but it's actually being poked and
prodded by them as well
blue cheque verified journalists on
Twitter who work for news organizations
which really are nothing more than
partisan activist outlets want to keep
you clicking on their articles and
videos and they know that the best way
to do that is to convince you that not
only is the sky falling but it's gonna
land directly on your head what if and
just hear me out on this one
this outrage Factory is completely wrong
and the world isn't coming to an end
just yet crazy I know but I think that
it actually might be true this doesn't
mean that things are perfect but they
are pretty damn good this is the
position of my guest this week Harvard
psychology professor Steven Pinker
Pinker argues despite our world of
perceived horror and chaos people are
living longer happier healthier and
freer
lives right now more than any other time
in human history this doesn't mean we
don't have work to do but if we don't
stop and smell the roses we might toss
away all the goodness humans have
created for the prospect of a utopia
that will never appear this is why I'm
so proud of the work we've done here on
the Rubin report I truly believe that
the conversations were having are at
least some part of the antidote to the
craziness right now if those of us who
care about enlightenment principles like
science reason and natural rights can
make our voices louder than this cliff
we seem to be about to go off of might
just turn into a bridge to a better
world Henny Penny story took a drastic
turn when she met Foxy Loxy who tricked
her and her friends to go to his lair
well in real life we've got a Wolf
Blitzer in a Situation Room if the sky
is falling maybe just changing the
channel is all we have to do to survive
the day joining me today is a Johnstone
family professor in the Department of
Psychology at Harvard University as well
as a New York Times bestselling author
whose new book enlightenment now is for
sale right now Steven Pinker welcome to
the Rubin report thank you I am I am
thrilled to have you here I think I have
emailed or called or contacted or pigeon
messaged everyone related to you or that
knows you in any way to get you here and
here I am right here you worked it goes
to prove that a little positivity I
think can make some things happen so
true yeah all right lot I want to talk
to you about I thought before we dive
into the book and and all the the things
that you teach and write about and all
that I just I like hearing a little bit
about people's history and where they
come from and growing up and all that
you are Canadian and I've had a lot of
Canadians on lately I find there's
something about Canadians in general
that I like what is it about Canadians
that leads to a certain Pleasant
disposition well we're so reasonable or
so yea polite yeah sometimes people say
think the motto of Canada is peace order
and good government yes and it's a
country that is that has been diverse
for for quite some time
Quebec where I grew up has
english-speaking community in a
french-speaking community and we've we
didn't begin with a revolution unlike
the United States negotiated our way to
independence we were part of the British
Empire in the British Commonwealth and
kind of have that British Reserve and
politeness yeah so that we have we have
some things going for us
couple of things going for yeah at least
until at least all the Americans end up
moving up there if things keep going
this way although we might build a wall
yeah all right you guys may end up
building the wall exactly tell me a
little bit about growing up your family
what kind of family you grew up in I I
grew up in the english-speaking section
of Montreal it was pretty segregated
when I grew up I grew up in a Jewish
english-speaking community which was
known for producing among others Leonard
Cohen who is a contemporary of my
mother's mhm the author Mordecai Richler
who was a contemporary of my father's
William Shatner Burt Bacharach Wow the
Saul Bellow status versus childhood in
Montreal so it's a small community that
has a number of people that were proud
of yeah what do you make of that that so
many I mean that's a pretty diverse
interesting group of people right there
and I'm sure there are others yeah I it
it may just be that having many cultural
influences both Canada's really cut
dominated by the United States it really
is the 800-pound gorilla next door yeah
so is the American influence the British
influence the French influence perhaps
is just being in a cosmopolitan diverse
community not helped with that and of
course the the Jewish influence although
it was not I didn't grow up and none of
the people that I mentioned grew up in
an ultra-orthodox community high grew up
in Oulu in Agra with a reformed temple
we didn't take God all that seriously
but we did take Jewish identity
seriously yeah I don't remember a moment
in which I decided oh I'm an atheist I
just was not a big issue one way or
another do you find that to be sort of a
standard thing with most secular Jews I
think that's sort of at least the ones
that I've been talking to on this show
that
think are sort of out there more that
seems to be a thing that there's an
ethnic identity or a cultural identity
that's separate from the belief part
absolutely and I think that's more true
of Judaism than it is of say Catholicism
where the belief really is stipulated in
Judaism is a bit of a kind of Don't Ask
Don't Tell as long as you have a thought
as long as we pay the laws and rituals
right if you keep the Sabbath if you
have you know mats on Passover then
you're a good Jew and what you believe
is just not as important what one rabbi
said to my wife rebecca goldstein
another secular Jew mmm well known a
secular humanist writer when she talked
about her novel 36 arguments for the
existence of God a work of fiction which
is kind of a great and she spoke at a
Jewish Community Center and I was a
little worried whether there'd be some
pushback from the rabbi who introduced
her own afterwards he went over he said
you know there's nothing in Judaism that
says you have to believe in God you just
can't believe in more than one of them
that's I mean that's pretty perfect you
think there's a there's an inherent
problem they're sort of disconnecting
God from reason if it really is well
just for the longevity of it let's say
oh yeah yeah it's a good question I
think that may have been part of the
explanation for why I mean there's so
many secular Jewish intellectuals kind
of immersed in argument dispute ation
particularly about morals and ethics but
without a but it was all argument
disputation it wasn't a catechism that
you had to recite it wasn't a set of
beliefs that you I have to have so there
was a tradition of disputation that's
what the rabbi's were famous for right
at the pill pull the hair splitting and
and maybe that was a contributor as well
but I went to public schools I went and
in fact when you go to public schools in
Quebec when I in my childhood met you
had two Protestant schools because it
was divided along religious lines they
were Protestant schools and Catholic so
history singing Protestant meant I'm
Catholic basically everyone else yeah
putting the Muslims and the Jews and
Chinese and so on there's a bizarre
system yeah how's how he just hadn't lis
unconstitutional in this country and I
got I got I actually got a pretty
serious Protestant religious education I
sang hymns we said the Lord's Prayer
every day I learned about
for Jesus so they had the Jews in the
Muslims and everyone I mean yeah in the
getting a Protestants yeah and at one
point I remember I was you know eight or
nine in my and I absolutely didn't even
belong to a temple I said so it's my
mother one of my friends said that that
Jews aren't supposed to believe in Jesus
my should I not believe in Jesus anymore
he sent me their Hebrew school so fast I
made my head spin hilarious and my
teachers because they couldn't hire
Catholic teachers either and virtually
everyone in Quebec is among the
francophone community are Catholics it's
actually hired Algerian and Tunisian and
moroccan jews to teach French to the
Jewish and Protestant kids of Montreal
the parson Kizza Montreal did not learn
French from native québécois we learned
it from Egyptian and Tunisian immigrants
I thought it was I'm pretty sure I know
the subject of your next book I mean it
sounds like there's just so much
richness just in that or at least
there's a little comedy in there so I
think it sounds like your family was
kind of on the intellectual side or at
least that the county was red house was
full of books and magazines my my father
was had a law degree but didn't practice
when I was a child he was a and handled
some little bit of real estate did sales
before starting a law practice pretty
late in life my mother was like most
mothers of the 50s and 60s a homemaker
but then found a career when she was
kind of getting bored when it became a
guidance counselor and then a vice
principal of a high school and and my
mother Roslyn Pinker very intellectual
an intense reader knows everything
intellectually very engaged yeah and my
sister Susan is a columnist for The Wall
Street Journal certain have been a
couple of books went on sex differences
one on face to face contact my brother
Rob I worked for the Canadian government
for several decades as a policy analyst
and
an administrator so how much of the
intellectual pursuits that you all have
do you think is is biological versus
just learned experience yeah this is one
of the themes that keeps coming up
around these conversations and then it
is was a topic of my book the blank
slate in the modern denial of human
nature yeah the blank slate being the
metaphor that I argued became kendama
Natan intellectual life largely for
political reasons yeah can you explain
that a little bit for the people that
don't know the book yeah so the the
blank slate the modern denial of human
nature just was released in 2016 with an
afterword was about the idea that that
there is no such thing as human nature
that we are blank slates written on by
our parents by by the culture by
education and that there's no innate
human traits or ways of learning and
thinking it's it's you can program a
human however you want and I agree that
it was popular in the 20th century for
political reasons one of them being that
it seems like the ultimate way to
achieve equality you know for all zero
then zero equals zero equals zero and so
we all have to be equal right
I already this is a mistake in the book
that equality is really a legal and
moral principle to treat everyone
equally it's not really the belief that
we're all clones room like slates
and a lot of the book tried to both lay
out the science of human nature but also
to explore the political and emotional
and moral baggage and coloring and to
try to clarify it and so the difference
between equality of treatment and
equality of of our biological endowment
was a major theme that also of course
enters into discussion of sex
differences to where one of the reasons
that certain intellectual factions
certain parts of feminism want to deny
that there are any sex differences they
think well that will make it impossible
to discriminate because there's nothing
to discriminate them on we're all
exactly this born exactly the same right
and I do that's a big big mistake
there's first of all there is a lot of
evidence that men and women aren't
identical in all traits yeah I mean I'm
not a scientist but I
I think there is a lot of everything I
think anyone who's had a son and a
daughter has been in a heterosexual
relationship yeah anyone who's listened
to gossip about anyone talking about
anyone else yeah men and women aren't
really not this is not exactly the same
but I think the myth that they're the
same was introduced for political
purposes namely that would make
discrimination irrational right because
there's no nothing to discriminate on
and I argue that that you know that's
just a error in logic I strongly believe
in gender equity that no one should be
prejudged because they're a man or a
woman partly because of a scientific
fact that there's a huge overlap between
the sexes in any trait you want to look
at so you can't predict an individual's
traits just knowing that they're a man
or a woman but they the policy we should
be fair doesn't require the false belief
that were the same that we are single
what's the best have you heard any
argument for that belief that you
thought made any sense or you just for
which belief or the idea that that this
that these genders are equal like when
that windy because you must hear this
from other academics right I mean we
know that some of this stuff is being
taught at schools yeah well there are
you know there's no doubt that there are
there's a normal enormous overlap
there's no doubt and and some of the
differences between the sexes are pretty
small and and subtle so in say
mathematical ability which was one of
the most controversial claims about sex
differences it it could it went to a
huge firestorm when Larry Summers the
president of Harvard mentioned that
differences between the sexes might
explain why the number of engineering
professors at Harvard and MIT work
wasn't 50/50 down the line male/female
yeah
this is very much like the the James
d'amour situation with with Google it is
exactly I mean it's almost it's almost a
replay yeah and and it isn't easy in
fact it would be hard to say that men
and women are better at math in general
it's you have to even drill down to
certain sub components like mentally
rotating three-dimensional objects that
men are clearly better at but women are
better at word problems in arithmetic
and math so it's a so some of the
pushback is that in fact the science is
often complicated
you can't make us sweeping across the
board generalization yeah and then the
other kind of pushback for people who
defend the blank slate is well yeah
that's true of you know 2002 when your
book came out but society is changing
and you know more women are consuming
porn and more women are having multiple
sexual partners and maybe the difference
is saying sexuality aren't due to human
nature but just due to our culture at a
particular moment that may become
obsolete that seems incredibly dangerous
to me to view it that way
well maybe although you know you could
in some ways it's actually highly
progressive and even correct because you
could have said you know 70 years ago
women you don't want to go into the
professions they they want to stay home
with the kids and housework and that's
what makes them complete and satisfied
and happy and they'll be all you know
neurotic and anxious if they start to
become lawyers and doctors and we know
from the course of history that you know
if that's not true that when as soon as
the doors open women did pour through
the doors and so that would be an
example where too strong a claim of
biological differences would have been
refuted by the facts of history so it's
not a slam dunk I mean it is something
that has to be examined on a
case-by-case basis are you shocked at
how difficult it is to talk about all of
this without getting yourself yourself
or any of the people that talk about it
into hot water yeah because the amount
of nuance that you have to go through
here as I can see you're you're quite
well-versed at you're probably the best
at it it's a lot to make sure that
somebody can't pinpoint that one line
but then they're gonna just you know
drag you for exactly right well and the
reason that I wrote the blank slate was
it wasn't so much I have a chapter on
gender but the point wasn't just to
review the literature on gender
differences it was also to say okay so
what how does it matter for our public
debates mhm
and I also documented in the book how
even when the book first came out there
was a history of people being deep
platformed and shouted down and called
you know all kinds of nasty names for
for the view that were not blank slates
and I said well look this is based on on
emotion based on bad politics not based
on the facts so I kind of I don't know
if I'm gonna say defended myself but
I've laid out all of these political
controversies so I wasn't blundering
into it naive I was actually that was
actually the subject of the book right
sometimes though that that can't fully
defend you there all right and in fact
both Larry Summers and Jamie d'amour
yeah they almost could have taken their
speeches and in case of Larry Summers
partly did from the chapter on gender in
the book so I managed to escape some
trouble that people who then repeated
the arguments got into trouble for yeah
so it's interesting you sort of laid out
a case beforehand to defend yourself you
did like sort of a preemptive strike
exactly where someone both of those guys
I know James I know James personally
needs been in here or it's like he sort
of stumbled into this thing and then the
the reaction the way it sorted out it
just becomes this bigger beast that you
end up fighting when you were just
really trying to talk about science well
the science I I wasn't just talking
about the science cuz I was talking
about first the science then what are
the political and moral implications
which I thought got confused
feeding back on people trying to
shoehorn the science into a politically
