[Music]
joining me today is the Milbank Family
Center senior fellow at the Hoover
Institution at Stanford University a
senior fellow at the Center for European
studies at Harvard where he also served
as a professor of history for 12 years
as well as the author of 14 books Neil
Ferguson
welcome to the Reuben report it's
exciting to be here how'd I do on the
intro there I mean I was looking through
your bio 14 books there were 87 other
things I could have credited you for
we've already done an interview here in
just the 15 minutes we've been sitting
here how it was that all right I mean I
could have just yelled like the results
of the bet sir is my feeling about
introductions now justice said he is
Neil but here's Neil all right there's a
ton we got a cover here and we've
already done half of it I think without
the cameras so let's just dive in
immediately to the culture war stuff
because I can tell you've been traveling
a lot half jet-lagged half wide awake
but I can see that's really where your
head's at at the moment so let's talk
some culture war stuff what do you feel
is happening sort of in the gestalt of
the universe at the moment well you
started the university might be where we
should begins as I've spent a lot of my
life in universities you mentioned a
couple of them they're Stanford and
Harvard I was at Oxford before that and
much of my life has been I think
witnessing the gradual homogenization of
academic life especially in the field
like history when I became a historian
back in the 1980s in Oxford and then in
Cambridge it was generally accepted that
there could be conservative historians
and liberal historians and socialist
historians and then some moxie stories
it was really quite a heterogeneous
community Oxbridge in those days and if
you were as I was attracted to the
Conservatives because they were more fun
it was more right but more fun the fun
was the initially attractive thing when
I first got to Oxford in the early 80s
it was clearly the funniest people were
the Thatcher IDEs
the young Andrew Sullivan who was a year
ahead of me at maudlin so this was all
great fun yeah and it led to into
show insight because they turned out
also to be right the historians take Bob
Conquest who was then at the Hoover
Institution one of the few historians
who got the Soviet Union right at the
time who wrote about Stalin's crimes not
long after they were perpetrated I mean
those were the heroes of my early years
but in the course of my career what has
happened has been that one history
department after another has moved
steadily and relentlessly to the
monochrome left and it has become
steadily harder to to be seen as a
conservative I say seen as because I've
never really felt that I'm a
conservative but I've often been
described as one yeah to be seen as a
conservative historian has become
steadily harder and harder and as a
result the culture war to use your
phrase in the Universities has been won
by the left there will really be soon a
handful left of conservatives at
institutions like Harvard and Stanford
and Harvey Mansfield will probably be
the last one at Harvard and and that's
to me deeply depressing deeply troubling
do you remember a moment when you saw
that shift occurring because you're
saying in the in the 80s mid eighties it
was pretty diverse in terms of ideas do
you remember seeing something or did you
see markers that started that you could
start putting together the map of where
this thing was gonna go I think the
definition of defeat in the culture war
is that it's imperceptible you're aware
of it a little bit each year because in
a typical department each year somebody
retires or dies but they're always
replaced with somebody working on let's
say for the sake of argument gender
history so you your colleague was was
lecturing on the history of the Soviet
Union Richard pipes who was at Harvard
and and just lately died one of the
great historians of the Bolshevik
Revolution
you don't ever see someone like that
replaced with somebody like him there'll
always be replaced by somebody working
on gender history Native American
history that that process whereby there
was no replacement of conservative
historians was a more or less annual
event I got accustomed to being in a
real minority a minority of conservative
historians I got accustomed to losing
pretty much every vote being in the
minority on every committee it became a
kind of you you got a climatized to it
and then one day suddenly hit you that
you were practically the last one left
and you know when I moved to Stanford
the revelation was quite startling I was
invited to come to the Hoover
Institution many Hoover fellows have
associations joint appointments with
Stanford departments I had been pretty
successful as a teacher at Harvard my
classes had been very large the students
gave me very powerful evaluations I kind
of assumed that I would come to Stanford
and have some relationship with the
history department and then I was told
oh no no none at all not even a courtesy
appointment and it was clear at that
moment that I had become in the eyes of
the Stanford history department a pariah
somebody who who simply couldn't be
allowed in the building
because of my my conservative leanings
can you explain a little bit more about
how the universities work like that that
that could even happen they're gonna
they're gonna bring you in you're a
fellow there and that you're just gonna
be ignored by the department that you're
an expert in you know it's quite
insulting especially as you mentioned as
I've published rather lots of books
yeah fact rather more than then most of
the department put together and I think
a department with falling enrollments
might have been expected to to want to
have me playing a part but what happened
and it's happened in most departments in
most universities inexorably the left
took over and an implicit rule a tacit
rule was imposed that one does not hire
right-leaning
historians nor does one hire their
graduate students so they to people who
have been my graduate students have
found it difficult to get hired so it's
essentially a straightforward a process
whereby the institution is taken over
one committee at a time and the left has
been good at that for the better part of
a century they've always had how do you
think they saw that how did they have
the foresight to go all right we've got
to take over the universities first I
think that on the right the previous
generation of historians and this was
also true of philosophers and people
working in other fields did not fight
very hard or effectively to promote
their successors in academic life you
need to be mindful of the succession the
left was better at ensuring that it's
protegees got the appointments
ultimately academia is a committees game
it's all about getting to be the chair
of the department to be in charge of the
committee's if you control the process
you control the selection you control
the recruitment and I suppose I'm I'm
such a naive person I kind of in my
youth assumed we were in a broadly
meritocratic world in which if you were
smart and hard-working
then then good things would would happen
and it took me all that yeah I was
completely Knight it took me a while to
cotton on to the fact that in in reality
in academic life as another walks of
life patronage is everything and you can
be as talented as you like if you're not
in the right patronage Network then
you're done and I suppose it's been
thinking about these issues how do
networks capture institutions the that
led me to write that the most recent
book the square on the tower was
actually book number 15 yeah
to try to think about how networks
operate we tend to talk casually about
networks but I came to realize that in
academic life as in other areas you need
to understand quite exactly quite
precisely how networks operate to see
how power is truly wielded we can all
see the hierarchical institutions that
are where power is located right even
universities are clearly not as powerful
as as government's but the critical
point is to understand the disease often
networks that capture institutions that
capture the hierarchies and that's what
happens in academic life and now I think
pretty soon there just won't be
conservatives in university departments
more importantly than that nobody will
be teaching subjects like the history of
the Soviet Union so no students will be
taught about the crimes of Lenin and
Stalin and students like the students I
taught yesterday will not hear from
anybody that there was a religious
motivation to the 9/11 attacks I had a
class at Stanford yesterday I was
allowed to sit in and teach somebody
else's class as a guest professor and it
happened to be a discussion about 9/11
and it became clear to me that the
students had never considered the
possibility that there was religious
motivation to the 9/11 attacks and more
or less except the idea that they were
retaliation for the misdeeds of u.s.
foreign policy in the Middle East what
are called the Howard Zinn theory and
since Howard Zinn's books are more
widely read in the United States than
anybody else's history books we
therefore arrive at a situation in which
there will be nobody in any major
universities saying actually Howard Zinn
is completely wrong and this is not what
9/11 was about so that's what I find
depressing when I say that the culture
was kind of over and the universities
that's really what I mean yeah so let's
circle back because it does bring us to
your 15th book I stand
did decide this idea of networks because
we were talking right before we started
that there's something happening here
with this loose Association of people
that has been coined the intellectual
dark web and I said to you and you
walked in are you part of the
intellectual dark web as if you were
gonna give me a secret handshake or a
special card or when I was asked about
it I denied all knowledge didn't the
assumption that it was secret and then
it turned out to be all over the New
York Times yeah but are you worried you
weren't photographed in the bushes like
the rest of us but I suspect that you
secretly are in the intellectual dark
web well I couldn't possibly reveal that
because it's secret but but you said
something interesting about because of
your level of academic credit that you
thought perhaps that took you out of it
but then christina hoff sommers said
something interesting yeah what Barry
Weiss emailed me and my wife ayaan Hirsi
Ali who's been on your show is
interesting than me is the greatest I
mean we she now let's be tough for you
because millions of people love your
work and everything else but it's like
ion is like transcended she's wonderful
it's the most enormous wonderful
blessing in my life to be married to
somebody who's just way more interesting
than me thank you too so that so we were
both asked by Barry Weiss about the
intellectual dark web and I said look
how can I really claim to be part of
that when I taught for 12 years at
Harvard left of my own volition I'm here
at Stanford can write newspaper columns
and have them published more or less
where I want it would it would be a
little disingenuous to claim kinship
with people like Brett Weinstein who've
been persecuted by the academic left
that I've been attacked I've been
criticized but I haven't really been
driven underground at least not at this
point but Christina Summers said to me
just the other night no it's not about
whether you've been denied a platform or
not clearly almost all the people in the
article that Barry wrote of have plenty
of opportunities to make their views
known it's about whether you are seen to
speak
for people who feel that they have been
silenced who feel that their voices
aren't heard right that's quite a good
definition of what this is about
but you're also right to see that it's a
network as I was reading the article I
was thinking have funny I know all these
people the sole exception of Jordan
Peters no I've never met I sense that's
coming well yeah I hope so I look
forward to it
but I think it's a network of the most
ideal sort it is a truly informal
network of people from right across the
political spectrum because nobody could
call Brett Weinstein a conservative yeah
who have come together spontaneously
informally nobody called it into being
and said I'm forming the intellectual
dark web turn up on Monday at 5:00 p.m.
right and I does it change does it
change the second its name generally a
network so if this is the right type of
network right it's cool kind of diverse
group of people who had all sorts of
different motivations and everything
else once it's sort of named does that
change the way a network has to operate
because I sense that's what the
discussion is about right now yeah
although not I think fundamentally that
the critical thing is when something
ceases to be secret I tell the story of
the Illuminati a network in the late
18th century in Germany that sought to
advance a radical version of the
Enlightenment but covertly as a secret
organization the intellectual dark web
I semi seriously said was was secret
until Barry wrote that right right and
and now that it's out in the in the open
what will happen is that it will grow
because people Andrew Sullivan I was
discussing it with him to said why am I
in it and of course the answer is but
you should be really I mean anybody who
who is engaged in critical thinking
about the whole range of ideas in our
society ranging from the political to
the social and cultural anybody who is
in the debate and is antagonistic to the
dogmas of the left the political
correctness the identity politics the
spurious pursuit of so-called social
justice
if you are skeptical if you are thinking
critically about the dogmas of the left
then you belong in the intellectual dark
web because you're the kind of person
who at some point will be no platformed
who at some point will be taken down who
at some point will be the target of a
hit piece in the new york times one of
the characteristic features of the
intellectual dark web I think is that
most members at one time or another have
fallen foul of the leftist thought
police and as soon as you've had that
experience it's happened to me a number
of times but that is quite
transformative yeah I mean it literally
changed my life it's the only reason
you're sitting here right now I was once
one of them and and I suspect your
experience was like mine you'll kind of
taken aback to be on the receiving end
of a social media mob you're kind of
taken aback to be attacked not for the
substance of anything that you've argued
or written or said you're attacked for
your reputation you're attacked for your
alleged bad faith and each time this has
happened to me I've I've been a little
stunned I was naive
not only was I a believer in meritocracy
I was also a believer that we were
engaged in a rational debate about the
past that's what historians do and that
one made one's case presented the
evidence and then the other side did the
same but I wrote a book a book about the
British Empire know what 15 or so years
ago an argument that their argument of
that book was that not everything about
the British Empire was bad there were
benefits as well as costs to imperialism
and I never had a debate about that
argument
I only ever was attacked by the left for
being an apologist of empire and
neo-colonialist etc and so in that
curious debate that that is central to
the culture war you never really are
engaged with on the ideas all the
evidence it is always about
whether you have bad faith or not
whether you are covertly
yeah racists an Islamophobe are
homophobe that there's a long list of
things that you can be accused of but
those are the most popular ones ones
never really discussing the arguments of
the books ones always discussing the
personality of the author yeah so this
is just sort of simply put the ideas
first people conversation right so in in
a case of vayan I mean to live through
the things that she has lived through
between FGM and her and her and her
friend being murdered and the whole
thing to be called the things that she's
called I mean it flips your very
personhood on its head
which is I mean it's it's so deeply
twisted the episode that for me brought
it into bold relief was the the Brandeis
honorary degree Fiasco when I on was
invited by the president of Brandeis and
this was in 2014 yeah except an honorary
degree in speaker commencement and then
was very publicly and humiliatingly
disinvited under pressure from an unholy
alliance as far as I could see of
leftists and Islamists who set out
online to smear her reputation with the
usual confection of selective quotation
and and misrepresentation and as often
happens in these situations the
university authorities capitulate
without a fight to the left and and they
do it publicly and that that for me was
a that was a moment when I learnt a lot
about what was going wrong in American
academic life and realized that it's
it's the combination of of aggressive
activists on the left and useful idiots
in university bureaucracies so is it
fold is it that they're useful idiots or
is it just is it just sort of blanket
cowardice by on part of some of the
academics but really the the
administrators and the upper brass at
all the schools and the fact that the
donors although this is changing right
now and as we're taping this today I
know it's going to be out in a couple
days
evergreen is now firing a whole bunch of
professors which is exactly whatever it
what all of us predicted basically
because the donors have just had enough
it's fascinating so it's hard like where
it is just cowardice cowardice is the
most powerful force in human history no
doubt and I'm constantly amazed at just
how much cowardice is out there
my wife's experience has shown me that
the the the the difficulty of getting
people publicly to support her work
against Islamic extremism is all about
cowardice fear of being in any way drawn
into into the the real war the jihad
facing the death threats that she has
repeatedly had to face but it's not just
cavitus and there's a good deal of
complicity many university
administrators are themselves
ideologically on the left and feel that
they have a mission to empower the the
leftists in the student body and this is
I think a different thing from from
cowardice so yeah I think I think this
is a fascinating moment in time because
donors alumni look at what is going on
on university campuses as do people who
have not had the privilege of university
education who see it all as complete
madness and ask the question what the
