[Music]
joining me today is an author the
co-founder and president of
environmental progress org and a
candidate to be the next governor of the
great state of California
Mike Shellenberger welcome to the Rubin
report having me David
I am very jealous of your beard even the
amount of gray I just added up before I
came yeah do the reverse what do they do
it's just for men yeah takes the gray
out exactly you do yeah I'm trying to
the baby boomer votes so you know
Addison gray in yeah yeah I'm very
excited to talk to you because I think
this is going to be a good political
discussion but also we'll get to some
environmental stuff that I wanted to
touch on and a little bit about this
state of California this highly
regulated highly taxed state that we're
in and all kinds of stuff but first you
live in Berkeley I do what the hell is
going really what's going on there it
seems like it's become one you know it
was once the the home for free speech
mm-hm and and real liberalism and it
seems like it's become this sort of
hysterical crazy silencing mob up there
what's happening I mean in some ways
it's funny because it's it's supposed to
be an outlier but in some ways it's
similar of what's happening in the rest
of the country Lauren don't listen to
each other you know it's so striking I
think that the social media gives people
a lot of confidence in their views they
have a lot of information available to
them and so people are just not
listening and I find that everywhere you
know Berkeley is certainly the case
we've been smug for a long time though
we pioneered it but have you seen a
change let's say in the last five or ten
years has something actually changed or
was this all just sort of what's
happening nationally I mean when I when
I sort of changed my views in particular
of nuclear and dealt with some of the
backlash against that that gave me a
different point of view on the broader
kind of culture and the ways in which
people are intolerant I don't want to
hear it but you know just because of my
age I think and I hadn't been associated
with the University I had a think tank
in Oakland lived in Berkeley but I
hadn't really had a lot of interaction
with the students until recently so I
didn't even know about trigger warnings
like until like a couple years ago then
I was like what are those yeah so live
in
we had a think tank in Oakland I'm just
trying to paint for the people that
don't know yeah you know you come from a
lefty area and all that stuff yeah so
before we get into the nuclear stuff
which is really I think your your key
thing yeah tell me that just a little
bit about your history what do I need to
know about you before we get on the meat
here let's see so I'm a gen Xer born
1971 raised you know in that fear of the
Cold War as you probably had you know
saw the day after on television when I
was in whatever 12 you know terrified of
nuclear war my parents were Christian
pacifists but they also divorced I was
kid of divorce
suburban Colorado very left-wing kid you
know at very my parents were pretty
liberal and then I moved to the Bay Area
after college to work with a left-wing
activist group called global exchange so
it was always I've always been sort of a
man of the left and when my views of
nuclear in particular change in the
environment then I sort of was able to
kind of start to get myself permission
to rethink other things and not not
believe everything I thought so to speak
and to start to question some of those
things yeah and that's why I thought
you'd be a perfect guess because what
we're about to talk about now you're
sort of evolution and yeah you're
pushing against and where you get
support it sort of fits a lot of sort of
we're on that and what a lot of what
some of my other guests have dealt with
right so tell me as you woke up to
nuclear like all right so what was the
sort of base environmental thinking when
you just got out of college and we're
working and yeah yeah I mean I had sort
of that sort of basic simplistic you
know kind of lefty view that all of the
problems in the world world do to big
corporations and capitalism and that
that's what was wrong with the
environment and I had this picture I
think that a lot people have still which
is that a more beautiful world would be
solar panels on your roof and electric
car in the driveway and and we wrote
about how to achieve that but the more
we were writing about it the more we
realized the limitations of solar and
wind in particular its energy sources
and we had a bunch of friends who were
just like you know if you're concerned
about climate change and air pollution
why not nuclear and we had to go through
a process really took several years to
sort of finally answer that question and
go yeah we got to have nuclear if we're
gonna deal with climate
so before we fully get there what are
some of the limitations because I think
most people even now even yeah you're
saying this was a couple years ago for
you sure but now most people I think
have that idea if we just all had solar
panels on our roof and if you know if we
had more wind turbines and all that that
everything actually would be okay but
that's actually not what you argue
that's right and it's in and my views
sort of have evolved but I mean the
biggest problem people are aware of is
that you only get electricity out of
wind and solar when the sun is shining
and the wind is blowing and people kind
of go well maybe there the sun is
shining when the winds not blowing in
other way and it's like no that's not
really true either so you always have to
have power plants ready to run at any
minute
usually natural gas because you can fire
them up so quickly in people go what
about batteries batteries are really
expensive just getting enough of them to
store the amount electricity you need I
mean think we had we calculated that if
you took all of the batteries in
California and you stored all of
electricity we'd have like a couple
hours max you know so and that would be
taking all the batteries out of cars and
trucks so it's a lot of it's a lot of
batteries yeah oh these batteries are
terrible for the environment and there's
another problem with renewables which is
that they take a lot of space because
the sunlight and water and wind our
energy diffuse there's just you have to
get a lot of wind to get enough
electricity out of them or you have to
cover a lot of area to get enough
concentrated sunlight to make sufficient
clients electricity you actually have
big land-use impacts and if the whole
point is to save the natural environment
you end up doing things like killing a
lot of desert tortoises in the Mojave
and then you have a big waste problem
that we haven't solved both solar panels
and batteries contain high levels of
toxic waste in fact about two to three
hundred more toxic wastes from the same
amount of energy in solar panels than is
created from nuclear Wow
so when you kind of it's really the big
problems with renewables are actually
environmental problems yeah and it also
tends to make them more expensive them
do you do you think then that there's no
place for them or is there some place
like if you were to derive from from LA
here if we were to drive towards like
Palm Springs there are in the hills you
see plenty of wind turbines yeah
obviously here in LA because of the
amount of sunshine we see plenty of
people with solar panels
Rufe every time I go to Home Depot
there's a little five people that try to
accost me and get me unsure panels and
all that do you think there's any place
for those things oh sure and there's
there's one place for them ISM in my
backyard I have you know I mean I think
that solar was traditionally used for
remote applications so places where you
don't have electrical wire doesn't make
sense to have electrical wire there
solar panels are really cool
technologies I mean just there's nothing
wrong with them I think there's
something wrong when we are subsidizing
the most affluent members of our society
to have and that's what's happened so
California has seen our electricity
prices went up 40 percent at a period
where I'm sure they went up four times
more than they did in the rest of the
country over the last seven years and a
big part of that was we were subsidizing
people to get solar and wind I think if
you're doing some experimental work some
R&D perfectly important role for the
government that's how we got jet
turbines and a lot of the technologies
and our iPhones but when you're kind of
constantly subsidizing them the people
that get punished is working people you
know middle-class people poor people
because their electricity prices go up
and so that that starts to have a
concern that a universal concern whether
you're liberal or conservative or yeah
so I want to get a little more to that
bedroom it's rolling whether that's the
answer will show that for now but I'm
very much aware of that because even
right now as I've looked into it a
little bit you know I see that a lot of
subsidies have actually run out in
California there's a lot that are
expiring at the end of the year and all
sorts of other stuff and also just by a
function of having this studio I mean
you see all these lights like these
lights they burn hot and they suck a ton
of of electricity so my electricity
bills there are are crazy surprises
something I'm very aware of so Johnny
tell me when you started realizing that
nuclear wasn't the the evil thing that
perhaps it had been portrayed as you
know I I think I I mean I helped to stop
a proposed radioactive waste repository
actually in my late 20s but as you got
concerned about climate you started
hearing people talk a little bit more
about it I think my views were probably
softening even before I became directly
focused on it but then it was really a
couple of friends one of them was
Stewart Brand who was sort of the
original hippie you know Whole Earth
Catalog advisor to Governor Brown in the
70s he
wrote a famous essay in 2005 and in a
book in 2009 and by the time I read the
book in 2009 I was pretty persuaded
because he just went through all the
evidence you know the accidents really
were not what people think they are the
waste is actually the best kind of waste
because there's hardly any of it it's
easy to manage never hurts anybody what
do they do with the waste because I
think that yeah that's what we usually
think of our I of the nuclear power
plant in the Simpsons and the three is
more damage for your argument though
yeah yeah yeah the first thing you learn
is you go await the waste isn't green
and liquid because it was in the
Simpsons which is how I got my
information um yeah mr. burns was
running for governor which oh yeah a
little bit more money than I got you
know being right now what we do with it
is fine I think we take it you take the
spent fuel you take the fuel rods out of
the nuclear reactor you cool them in
water for a few years and then we put
them in dry cask storage right there on
the site where the plant is from an
environmental point of view that's like
exactly what you'd want I mean if you
when you grow up kind of learning about
the environment the first thing you
learn is that waste always has to go
somewhere right it doesn't disappear and
you have to be responsible for taking
care of the waste products from our
consumption
so that's nuclear is like the only way
that we make electricity that does that
right now we don't have any protections
that solar panels won't just go into
landfills and leach toxic chemicals or
be sent to Bangladesh to be torn apart
by kids and slums only nuclear really
cares for its waste and it's all in a
really clinical way we put them in these
big casts and and they're right there on
basically a couple of basketball courts
at a given plant and we kind of look at
them and store them and watch on a pill
go what if they leak or something there
in these hugely thick cast but even if
they were you would be able to see it
and observe it and there's not really
anything to leak because there's no way
is there any evidence that something
could really go awry with that as you're
laying it out is something that's pretty
safe no there's no evidence that waste
from nuclear energy production has had
any of those problems who will say pool
point to problems with the waste that
came out of weapons production but that
that is a very different process you're
just creating huge amounts of plutonium
having a cheery neum for bombs and when
we were really when you had really big
problems even there it was like in the
middle of World War two
where you're just throwing bodies and
machines to fight this war so it's got
an incredibly good track record I mean
people will talk about wanting to bury
it under the desert in Nevada and I'm
always like I don't know why like why do
you need to do that like just it's fine
where it is you just store it and
maintain it it takes up no space it
doesn't pose any harm for me I'm like
that's like the one of the Chiefs
selling points of nuclear is the way it
manages this waste yeah so when they
talk about that you know burying it in
the desert somewhere on Iran or whatever
are they talking more about the
weapons-grade way no they're talking
about the nuclear energy waste and I try
to figure it out because I'm like a bit
of a newcomer to it I didn't you know
I'm just I'm I ask people in the
industry why do you need to do that and
they kind of go well because it's better
because it's better look who made a lot
of money building that big hole in
Nevada you know being from a libertarian
point of view you kind of go there's
just there was a lot of money to be made
on these fears that were manufactured
and that were used to manipulate people
like us a group in the 70s so you would
think that there's some relationship
between like a bomb going off and the
waste and there's just nothing the waste
can't be used in that way so I have to
say it's one of the things I find most
frustrating and baffling you know is it
also one of those things that you really
and this is why I want to tag on the
show to really unpack this stuff you
really have to have some basic
understanding of how this all works so
when you even mentioned before that the
the different ways between weapons-grade
yeah and just you know civilian use for
power I don't think people have any
sense that these are different things
right they don't and the funny thing is
so I'm working on a I've got a book that
I'm gonna I'm doing on the history of
nuclear and one of the surprising things
is that ordinary folks knew that there
was a big difference between nuclear
weapons and nuclear power plants from
like the mid 50's to like the mid 70s
like people kind of in fact the whole
people were actually excited about
nuclear power like they were like this
is great you mean like this thing that's
really terrible and frightening actually
has this really positive side and I was
like yeah well let's get some of that
positive side going
cuz all we hear about is a negative
stuff this makes sense I was born in 76
so right when they did probably yeah and
then Three Mile Island accident occurred
and blown way out of proportion but
really importantly China Syndrome this
this anti-nuclear movie in 1979 came out
and that really shaped perceptions and
and that they deliberately and that you
can see what they're dealing constantly
they were trying to mix up the two
things same word yeah you know but you
know it's funny because we have a lot of
dangerous things in our society that we
actually use for positive things we're
even injecting poliovirus into people's
brains to kill cancer particular kind of
cancers you know we obviously immunize
that we inject our children with
dangerous diseases because to protect
them so I think we're capable of having
a more complex understanding of that
technology but there is vested interests
and ideological interests in maintaining
people's fears right so there's sort of
two separate things here there's one is
what the reality is and then there's the
other where when you hear about Three
Mile Island or Chernobyl or any of this
stuff what's the argument that your your
best argument when there's something
that actually is a disaster in the case
of Chernobyl I guess you're saying
three-mile
not as bad as they hyped it up to be
yeah so I mean there's three serious
accidents that involved melted reactors
Three Mile Island Chernobyl and
Fukushima the worst was Chernobyl and
even the worst one killed shockingly few
people basically killed the firefighters
who put out the fire about 50 to date
and you know firefighters died putting
out fires you know so it's not like
unique to nuclear accidents there were
there's about a 1% mortality for the
several thousand people that got thyroid
cancer and then that's it like no
increase in any other cancers so nothing
else nothing else if you would have
asked me just yeah knowing anything
about this I think I probably would have
said oh there's probably like some sort
of even generational thing going no
definitely I think that's I think that's
really the yeah the meme that's out
there that's the one that they even
promoted a lot was that somehow they
were yet exposed to radiation then your
kids would have some problems and we
don't see that and that's great I mean
it's one of those things where everyone
should have been like yay like like yay
we discovered that nobody was
let's celebrate but people were like no
there's got to be something wrong I mean
I think there's also just it is such a
different way of making heat that's what
nuclear plants do they make heat and
then the heats used to make electricity
but there's no smoke and there's no fire
there's no smoke and that's just weird I
mean humans have been around for over
10,000 years and we really evolved and
are in our pre-human ancestors helped to
make us with fire so fire is just a
central part of human stories around the
world and it's a part of our identity I
mean look at the Greek myths and then we
have this completely different way of
making energy and power and fire and I
just think and not fire energy and power
and and we kind of go it's strange and I
think we kind of go there's got to be
something wrong with it and of course
you know you get really close to nuclear
reactors it's really dangerous harmful
and you can die so it's not like it's
harmless but I think people don't
understand you know when you consider
that you know somewhere between 5 and 7
million people will die every year from
just breathing smoke and suffering
respiratory illnesses I think we just
are less scared of smoke then then we
should be here
there's something about nuclear power
and when when you relate it to weapons
in our minds it's become like this thing
where we love disaster movies you know
like all of this stuff so it's sort of
taken a life unto its own in a way yeah
