all right people we are live on the
YouTube and joining me today is a grad
student at Wilfrid Laurier College who
wasn't even on Twitter a month ago and
is now a major player in the free speech
Wars Lindsay Shepard welcome to the
group and report thank you I think
you're the first guest I usually tell
people right before we start that
there's booze behind you and you're the
first guest I think that was about to a
bottle of some take out the current
predicament you find yourself in yeah
sure
well first off thanks for coming in I'm
glad we were to get out here you came
from the great white north of canada to
be your story is completely crazy and
yet totally obvious to people i think
that have been paying attention to
what's going on sort of at universities
and it free speech in general and
crossing the border by the way of canada
the united states and plenty of other
countries so first off before we get
into the details we're gonna play some
audio and we're gonna read some
statements and all that stuff how are
you I'm doing well it's been a pretty
crazy time and for example earlier this
week I had a six page paper and a
presentation do didn't do it couldn't do
it right I don't have time this has kind
of taken over my life for now but I'm
okay with that
yeah and I'm willing to make sacrifices
yeah well we need people like you in
this fight and I think you kind of got
thrust into this almost almost
accidentally but it's pretty clear to me
that you're willing to be in the fight
and that's sort of what we need so
before we get into the all the specifics
for the people that don't know anything
about you tell me a little bit about
what you study in the first place what
are the things that actually brought you
here in the first place sure so um I'm
doing my Master of Arts in cultural
analysis and social theory but my
bachelor's degree is in communication so
that's why I'm a teaching assistant in
communication yeah alright so we're
gonna play some audio we have two
separate audio parts that I want people
to play there's how long was the whole
chunk of audio about 42 minutes okay so
about 40 minutes so we're gonna play a
piece right now that's about five
minutes and then later with a piece
that's about three minutes I'm sure many
of the people have listened to the whole
thing but we tried to parse out the
parts that I thought were that I thought
were most important but before we play
them why
you record the audio so I got an email
summoning me to the meeting and the
audio is of the meeting that I'm yeah
yeah so actually why don't we why don't
we set it up first so what did you
actually do that caused you to be
summoned to a meeting and again this is
what about six weeks ago or so right yes
it was that November first
so I played about four minutes of a
debate between Jordan Peterson and
another fellow at the University of
Toronto named Nicholas Matt so two two
scholars on a show called the agenda
with Steve Paikin which is just like a
great moderate talk show produced by TV
Ontario which is like a public
broadcaster in Ontario mm-hmm
but it turns out someone was offended
and it all went down from there so yes I
got an email saying that there were some
concerns about the content of my
tutorials okay but then it said the this
was from Professor Ram pukana who was
writing this email yeah I'm asking
someone from the diversity and equity
office to come in to meet with us and I
thought like if they're gonna bring a
diversity and equity official in over
this I need to record this because if if
this ends up being ridiculous winning it
was then I want to have proof that this
is happening man so you really were
tipped off to some of what has been
going on this didn't come as a complete
surprise to you in that case so that's
so a professor so what we're gonna hear
is the professor and the diversity
officer talking to you and how did you
do it by the way I think people would
like to know did you have the was it
your iPhone in your pocket with
something in your pocketbook what do you
actually do it was just my laptop out in
front of me
really did they wonder why your laptop
was right in front of you while you were
having this meeting I said I was taking
notes yeah yeah so there was three
people in the meeting professor Rambo
Kenna and then dr. Herbert Pimlott who's
my program coordinator my master's
program and then the diversity and
equity official is adria Joel and she's
in charge of gendered violence inside
actual assault prevention right and a
couple other things that we should just
clarify the complaint was anonymous
correct so no one so they were saying
someone was offended but no one stepped
forward to say that they were the person
that was offended
and also just to be very clear the piece
that you showed this wasn't about
whether trans people should have rights
or be treated poorly or anything like
that this was about the debate over the
words that we can use related to their
pronouns correctly yeah okay I think
have we set it up properly you feel good
about that
all right so we're going to throw to
about it's gonna be roughly about four
or five minutes of audio here and then
we'll be back with Lindsay in a moment
so if you okay so um we we have to teach
about grammar and in the Pearson book
there was a section about pronouns and
using like gendered language so I wanted
to make it more engaging so what I did
is we were talking about in papers using
a as as like a singular and then we were
also talking about like his and hers and
like how to construct sentences with
that and then to contextualize it I
brought up like a YouTube debate so a
debate with both sides during Peterson
sides and this this fellow named Nicolas
Matt who is also a prophet Youth T okay
and they do have a name of the video um
it was from the agenda with Steve Paikin
okay it was like a YouTube debate it was
one hour long but I showed about five
minutes and then some I mean the
students were we're very interested I
could tell that all of their eyes were
on the screen and after when we had a
debate there were people of all opinions
and like from from what I could see it
was a very friendly debate obviously
this person who had an issue did not
express it to me they just went straight
to whoever I don't I don't really know
what happened so I'm just for some
additional context so you come you can
turn mutti all right no no you fell from
SFU okay so you weren't like one of the
George Peters of the students yeah so
just to give you some context that have
turned theaters and
he is a figure that's basically highly
involved with the with the alt-right he
yes the website rabble media which is an
all right website has been involved in
raising multiple hundreds of thousands
of dollars for his research
it's he has gave a lecture in which he
identified student protesters like by
posting their social media accounts so
that people would bully and and threaten
them online he lectures about basically
like critiquing feminism critiquing
trans rights I'm familiar like I gotta
see
the thing is can you shield people from
those ideas am I supposed to comfort
them and make sure that they are
insulated away from this like is that
what the point of this is because to me
that is so against what a university is
about so against it I was not taking
sides I was presenting both arguments so
the thing is about this is if you're
presenting something like this it you
have to think about the kind of teaching
climate that you're creating and this is
actually these arguments are counter to
the Canadian Human Rights Code ever
since then you know that you talked
about
c16 ever since this past it is
discriminatory to be targeting someone
due to their gender identity or gender
expression so bringing something like
that up and class not critically and I
understand that you're trying to like it
was critical why I introduced it
critically how so like I said like I
said I it was in the spirit of debate
okay in the spirit of the debate is
slightly different than being like okay
this is this is like a problematic idea
that we won make me wanna unpack but
that's taking sides like it
taking sides for me to be like oh look
at this guy like everything that comes
out his mouth is BS but we're gonna
watch anyway okay so I understand the
position they are coming from and your
positionality but the reality is that it
is created a toxic climate or some of
the students hey you know I mean it's
great oh how many okay one yeah it might
be I know I have no concept of like how
many people complain like what their
complaint was you haven't showed me the
complaint yes I understand that this is
upsetting but there's also confidential
at comfy and confidentiality matters the
number of people is special
yes okay is one or multiple students who
have come forward saying that this is
something that they were concerned about
it and that it means I'm not comfortable
if this is for example a trans student
this is basically debating whether or
not a trans student should have rights
within one of their classes and that's
not something that is really acceptable
in the context of the kind of learning
environment that we're trying to create
it would be the equivalent of debating
whether or not you know a student of
color should have rights or should be
allowed to be married
do you see word like how this is not
it's not something like that's
intellectually neutral that is kind of
up for debate this is I mean this is the
Charter of Rights but it is that's for
debate but I mean you're perfectly
welcome your own opinions but when
you're bringing it into the context of
the classroom that can become
problematic and that can become
something that is that creates an unsafe
learning environment for students but
when they leave the university they're
gonna be exposed to these ideas so I
don't see how I'm doing a disservice to
the class by exposing them to ideas that
are really out there and I'm sorry I'm
crying I'm stressed out because this to
me is so wrong okay so that is just
about a five minute portion of the forty
two minute video I just want to be very
very clear before I give this back to
Lindsay here
every thing that you heard that
professors say is complete drivel I was
making notes while we did it we were
kind of shaking our our heads together
first off let's just talk about Peterson
for a second Peterson is highly involved
with the alt-right rebel media company
out of Canada which is owned by Ezra
Levant a Jew is part of the alt-right
what what did that stay like did that
even mean anything to you when he said
that actually I shake my head when he
says it and that's why he says yes after
cuz I was I'm still under the impression
he's not involved with the alt-right
yeah and I mean interestingly now rebel
media which was referenced they've
interviewed me and that's how I've now
become also associated I met Azra like
two weeks ago at an event in Florida and
he's a completely nice guy I don't know
all of his politics about everything but
the guy couldn't be nicer just silliness
all right so you're creating a hostile
teaching climate by presenting ideas
yeah what are we supposed to make of
this I mean when he was saying these
things you obviously you were getting
emotional but did you want to fight back
more like you were really kind of taking
it and I think you you stood your ground
where you felt you had to but did you
really want to push back on that like
creating a hostile teaching environment
you did exactly what a teacher is
supposed to do I mean it's almost like
my mind just doesn't work the way that
theirs does that's what I was kind of
realizing is like they're making these
huge stretches that like talking about
they in the singular is tantamount to
debating someone's humanity in addition
to debating like whether a student of
color has rights I mean they're just
making these huge stretches and I my
mind doesn't work that way and I'm just
you know I'm more reasonable reasonable
about things and yeah so then he
referenced C 16 which is this new
I guess directive the human rights the
Canadian Human Rights Code this is what
put Jordan Peterson on the map a year
ago when he basically in effect but
correct me if I'm wrong there and it's
basically he said I have no problem with
trans people but you meaning the
government can't tell me what labels to
use or what words come out of my mouth
we'll come from my mind and that's all
so this Peterson was proven right here I
mean that's what I kept thinking the
entire time is that Peterson was right
he was warning about this a year ago and
now look how it has been turned on to
someone like you yes and even people who
don't agree with professor Peterson are
angry that professor Rambo kind of used
that argument because now it's kind of
proven him right right which is a really
interesting the other line that really
got me was he said that this is like
debating whether a trans student has
rights just to be very clear what are
your feelings on trans people and the
rights that they should be afforded I
believe they should have all the rights
they you know everyone should have I
have no problem with trans people and
like I it's so strange because I'm just
such an empathetic and kind person and
so to to suddenly be transphobic it's
like wow like what do you call the
people who are actually transphobic then
because I'm just so okay with it right
which is the irony of what they do in
general then they call someone like you
a transfer band then they call someone
like you and all right and what it does
is it makes it seem like the all right
or being a transfer that this is must be
the widest tent ever because they take
they take everybody in there so ok so
you record this thing I assume it when
worse than you anticipated like did you
really think I mean that you recorded it
so you must have you know sort of guess
what was gonna happen what did you do
right after that um right after that I
sent it to media outlets just right
after I was really not happy with the
way it went
especially how they were accusing me of
violating this policy in that law and
you know one of the most frustrating
things to me though was that I didn't
get to know what the complaint even said
and also this is not a formal complaint
that went through any kind of you know
university body this was from what I
assume an email to the professor that
said I'm unhappy and at this point we
don't even know if that actually exists
correctly we have no indication whether
it was as he said it was one or many or
something to that effect we don't even
know that even one existed this may have
come from them we just simply don't know
we don't know was there any other
recourse you know I've heard some people
say well she went right to the media was
there any other recourse you think you
could have taken at the University or
did you feel you had exhausted that
because this was there this was the
diversity people yeah and and the
diversity and equity people control a
lot more than we might realize I think
and just seeing the president of the
university's response to all this what
would have been the point of going to
her I mean look at how she's reacting
she's she's publicly made it clear that
like she's not willing to support what I
did yeah she's not willing to support my
stance and really she which is a stance
for freedom of inquiry which is a stands
for freedom of speech
it's a stands for actual education
mm-hmm not willing staff ready of those
things exactly yeah we should read some
of the Vice Chancellors statement what
do you think all right so I'm gonna read
some of this we're gonna we're gonna
throw it up after listening to this
recording an apology is in order I
should say this is Vice Chancellor
Deborah McClatchy after listening to
this recording an apology is in order
the conversation I heard does not
reflect the values and practices to
which Laurier aspires I'm sorry it
occurred in the way that it did and I
regret the impact it had on Lindsey
Shepherd the university is committed to
ensuring that the vitally important role
of teaching assistants supports an
enriched learning environment for all
students let me be clear by stating that
Laurier is committed to the abiding
principles of freedom of speech and
freedom of expression giving life to
these principles while respecting
fundamentally important human rights and
our institutional values of diversity
and inclusion is not a simple matter the
intense media interest points to a
highly polarizing and very complicated
set of issues that is affecting
universities across the Democratic world
the polarizing nature of the current
debate does not do justice to the
complexity of issues so that statement
sounds pretty good basically right does
that sound there's a little bit of I can
see where there's a little bit of a
slide in that but pretty good pretty
good but I mean at the start there it
was you know I'm sorry for the way the
meeting occurred in the way that it did
and you know what I get from that is I'm
sorry it was like three on one I'm sorry
you had no
representation I'm sorry that they they
weren't nicer to you but I'll just be on
it's like when I was in that meeting I
didn't feel like I needed anybody I
didn't particularly feel bullied either
which is kind of interesting because
that's a point that so many people bring
up is like she was bullied like this is
three-on-one this is not fair this is
like basically harassment so it's kind
of interesting to me that like I
actually like never felt that way
because all that really mattered to me
was the content of what they were saying
which was that like there's only one
brand of acceptable ideas here and
because you're not promoting that you're
in trouble
yeah so the inherent conflict here is
that the President and the Vice
Chancellor is sort of saying different
things right I mean they're based the
Vice Chancellor in this statement is
basically saying we stand by Lindsay the
president is sort of saying that these
are at the idea that diversity and
inclusion supersede well the President
and Vice Chancellor at the same person
it's Deborah McLeod Shay's both
positions oh yeah
well that changes everything for me I
suppose well then okay so then what well
then what does that prove other than
that I'm confused about this um yeah I
mean I've been she also did an interview
with Steve Paikin yeah and remember that
clip I showed is from the agenda with
Steve Paikin so just a couple days ago I
think she was on the agenda with Steve
Paikin and he kept asking her like did
Lindsay do anything wrong and you know
she she wouldn't give a clear answer
yeah but because her argument would have
to be that by c16 that show shouldn't
