welcome ladies and gentlemen it's a
pleasure to be with you tonight my name
is Bradley Devlin I'm the president of
the Berkeley College Republicans but
more importantly who's excited to see
our star-studded panel tonight featuring
Dave Rubin Heather McDonald and Steve
Simpson come on now thank you so much
for joining us for this event titled are
we killing free speech sponsored by the
I and Rand Institute
I find this inquisitive title and
dialogic nature of this event crucial to
the importance of what's happening on UC
Berkeley's campus and campuses all
across the country when the Berkeley
College Republicans travel oftentimes
conservatives and liberals alike ask how
does it feel to be the tip of the spear
in fighting for collegiate free speech
it truly is an empowering experience
what has gone on at UC Berkeley is
emblematic of what is happening to
conservative students all across the
country in the face of indoctrination
from regressive leftists that advocate
for safe spaces trigger warnings and
microaggressions we don't like those do
we my channel my inner Trump there it
felt really good these lone
conservatives who refuse to waver in
their principles continue to question
the status quo of hyper liberal campus
culture and tonight with three very
special guests we will continue to push
that envelope ladies and gentlemen it is
my distinguished honor to welcome Dave
Rubin of the Rubin report Heather
McDonald of the Manhattan Institute and
Steve Simpson of the Iran Institute
ladies and gentlemen
[Applause]
all right all right is my mic working my
mic working all right make some noise
people you are you are live on the
Internet so you represent all
Republicans right now all conservatives
all right leaning people that's a lot of
pressure for you guys are you up to it
one lady over there is up to it alright
that's what I like to see all right I'm
very excited to be here I I didn't
realize Berkeley until I did a little
research today you guys actually have
had some issues with free speech did not
I did not know that until today yeah you
almost burned the place down with Milo
which is any of you guys were setting
the fires was that probably not this
crew yeah I mean they imagine trying to
burn a place down over a bleached blonde
gay guy like that seem completely
ridiculous and then it cost what six
hundred thousand dollars right to secure
the campus for Ben Shapiro
that crazy Ben Shapiro a little Orthodox
Jew six hundred thousand dollars I feel
like he's like becoming like a sort of
alright fairy tale you know like the
Orthodox Jew behind the tree with facts
we're in trouble all right people this
is I'm excited to talk free speech with
you guys you guys know that it's it's
sort of it's sort of my gig I believe
that the the free speech issue
I truly believe is the issue of our time
for whatever you are studying at school
whatever you are learning about to learn
how to critically think to tolerate
other opinions to to engage people
without silencing them because there's a
lot of people out there these days that
want to silence you guys just in the
past week look what happened christina
hoff sommers I'm sure you guys all saw
that at Lewis & Clark law school your
own Brooke and sargon of akkad over in
the UK and Jordan Peterson at his event
somebody brought literally brought one
of those those things that the Mafia you
know those wires that the Mafia yeah
that the Mafia uses to choke people all
all ended violently I have a better
feeling about you guys here tonight
nobody has a weapon right where do we
know no weapons you would tell me now
right
that's how it works yeah anyway I truly
believe this is the most important issue
of our time and regardless of whether
I'll do a little quick poll and then
we'll start how many of you consider
yourself conservative how many or you
can make some noise instead of clapping
we've got the Internet people
how many how many libertarians hey you
were trying you were trying to get them
going
how many how many liberals okay
classical liberals that all right I'm
reading I'm reading the crowd
progressives how many progressives you
clapping for everything this man has
claps he has literally clap for
everything which you might be operating
like a progressive it's not you're
running for governor oh he's going for
everybody all right very good all right
well look whatever whatever your
political leanings are whatever you
identify as any of that stuff it really
is out the window as long as you will
defend free speech in my opinion it
doesn't matter there's such a beautiful
thing happening right now you know think
about this I'm sure many of you guys
watch my show you could take a guy of
the left like Sam Harris and you could
take a guy on the right like Ben Shapiro
these guys disagree on literally
everything literally everything from the
existence of God and the value of
religion to abortion to taxes to the
death penalty to everything and yet
they're allies now and they're allies
because of the same reasons you guys are
here right now because they want to
defend each other's ability to think and
ability to live in a free society it's
actually a pretty beautiful thing so for
everybody that thinks that all hell is
breaking loose in this country I
actually think there are some good
things happening I think you guys are
evidence of it and I think I've talked
enough so give me a round of applause
for that and then we're going to sit
down
all right so so Heather and Steve are
kind of right in the in the thick of the
free speech battle and Heather I'll
start with you because I spoke at
Claremont McKenna yeah at the beginning
of their they actually let me speak
there which is better than they did for
you actually you're not it's important I
guess well hold on I want to get out of
this one respectfully yes so you you
were supposed to speak and Claremont
McKenna a few a few months before I
spoke there I think in September of this
past year I think you were there in May
or June or so April April and give us
give us about a one-minute breakdown of
what happened what were you intending to
speak about and then and then what
happened well I was intending to speak
about the police in my book and saying
that in fact there is enormous
unrecognized support for the police in
high crime neighborhoods for that I've
been called a white supremacist fascist
homophobe as lama phob trans folk and
the the students at the various
claremont colleges were determined that
nobody should hear me speak so they
blockaded the venue of the Athenaeum
where as is supposed to speak i had to
be escorted in through a secret
passageway but there was nobody in the
auditorium and i spoke to an empty room
it was live-streamed like this event but
people were pounding on the plate-glass
windows during my talk and eventually
the security decided it was not safe and
i had to be escorted through the kitchen
an ignominious retreat yeah and and this
story of course is being played out all
the time on college campuses right now
it's it's why you guys are sitting here
right now to figure out how do you fight
the tide of this where do you think this
thing started Steve well I mean the the
pedigree of this kind of thing goes way
back right but but one of the places
that this this kind of thing of
protesting blocking people from speaking
one place it starts is actually here at
Berkeley now a lot of people look at
Berkeley as the beginning of the Free
Speech Movement on campus I think that's
a mistake
it's not necessarily to single out
Berkeley for criticism that's this is a
criticism you could launch it against a
lot of schools across the country but in
the 1960s there was the student uprising
and and this notion that taking over a
campus is equivalent to free speech or
using force against people is equivalent
to free speech or occupying other
people's property is or threatening
people and this has all happened in the
1960s people look at this as the birth
of free speech
I mean conflate speech with actions
speech with force and if you do that
people are going to respond to it and if
people really think that speech equals
protests that block others that occupy
other people's property that in any way
intimidate or harass or threaten people
they're gonna do the same thing in
Reverse they're gonna do the same thing
back now that's not necessarily to say
that that's what was going on
Claremont I think we've normalized the
idea that it's okay
to physically block people to physically
occupy their property and to attack them
as a form of free speech which is a
crazy idea if we as soon as we conflate
force and speech we lose speech and we
lose the ability to persuade each other
we lose the ability to reason with each
other and the only option at that point
is force and gang warfare but this is
one of the great ironies of thinking
that you know that that Berkeley is the
beginning of the Free Speech Movement I
would say it's the beginning of you know
if it continues it's the beginning of
the end of the Free Speech Movement but
it's certainly the beginning of the idea
that it's appropriate to block other
people from speaking or occupy their
property as a form of speech that is not
free speech that's a real mistake and
it's leading to a lot of what we're
seeing on campus let's let's test the
state of free speech at Berkeley at the
moment do this by applause so that the
the people that are watching online can
hear you how many of you have since
you've been at school here and I assume
most of you guys are students how many
of you have not said something either in
a class or to a friend or to a professor
because of you feared the repercussions
yeah I know it doesn't quite feel right
to applaud that but yeah
that's but that says it right there you
know it's funny I get only invited by
conservatives and libertarians and you
know some classical liberal groups I
always say I'll give the same speech to
the progressives or liberals if you know
them whatever you want to call them
Democrats lefties whatever if they'll
invite me they never do but I find all
the time I come and I talk to you guys
and it's like wow there I look I can
look out here there's a lot of diversity
out here the diversity that the left
loves I see a lot of different skin
colors here I'm sure there's some
different sexualities here and all sorts
of stuff but that doesn't matter what I
know matters and what you know matters
is diversity of thought how did we lose
that that caring for diversity of
thought on campus well I diagnosed this
as the free-speech problem is very
serious
it is as Steve says you either have
discourse or you have force and
discourse is what human beings developed
over millennia as an alternative to
brute force to get their way and it is a
thing of beauty and the pinnacle of
civilizational accomplishment so the the
current attacks on free speech are
extremely dangerous for our civilization
but I think the free speech problem is
just an epiphenomena of even more
serious problem which is the incessant
cultivation of a victim identity on the
part of an ever-growing group of
students and this is now the obsessive
goal of Education starting in grammar
school even where you have fifth graders
being indoctrinated into the whole
complex mythology of white privilege and
it continues in high school and
certainly in college there's now huge
bureaucracies and here at Berkeley you
have a 20 million dollar vice-chancellor
of equity diversity inclusion whose
purpose
is to continue hammering home the
preposterous point that to be a female
or person of color on the Berkeley
campus is to be under literal
existential threat and as long as that
remains the dominant belief that to be
in this ever growing number of victim
groups is to be a literal threat for
your life there used to have a banner on
campus of two students of color saying
allow people other than yourself to
exist that's modeling language but it's
meant literally as long as that remains
the dominant thinking it will follow
that non-conforming non-orthodox speech
is viewed not just as hate speech again
ridiculously but that hate speech is a
literal threat to one's existence and I
think we're not gonna solve the free
speech problem we can have faculty
signing all the petitions they want you
know if only more did so in favor of
free speech it's not going to matter as
long as this victimology ideology
remains the dominant one in higher
education well Steve as a straight white
man would you like to apologize to the
audience I'm middle-aged I mean is there
anything straight white man with all
women in my family so I apologize
alright how do we how do we reverse some
of this I mean we talked about this over
dinner and we all sort of were like wow
are we I like to think that I'm an
optimist at heart
Heather you said you're a pessimist
where do you I'm torn between you guys I
was I was on your side at first and now
now I'm generally an optimist but I have
but I'm an optimist that's realistic
about I'm optimistic because of the
potential of human beings I'm optimistic
because we can think we can't achieve
things look at the society we live in
today I mean this is one of so at one of
the great the big rebuttals to or one of
the things that people just ignore in
the whole victimology I just look at the
society we live in my god it's the most
advanced
freest greatest society in the history
of the world that I mean there's
something to be taken from that not just
that they're wrong to constantly be
playing victims and claim that they're
oppressed in a context in which they're
not oppressed but that human beings can
achieve unbelievable things that's a
great thing so I'm optimistic they're
human beings can also ruin great things
and I'm concerned about the future
because of the direction of this issue
and I think a lot of what Heather said I
I think they're deeper issues going on
which I don't want to we can talk about
them but I agree with the victimology
point I think that's a consequence of
even deeper philosophical convictions
and convictions about ideas that are
leading us to be victims to reject
rationality and speech to reject
individualism to claw on to groups and
and the rise of tribalism all of these
things are playing role but you're
absolutely right that this prosperity
that has been achieved through freedom
through trade through free markets is
stunning I mean every every item in this
room has been created by some guy who's
got a company or some woman in the in
the market chain it's extraordinary
but that doesn't persuade people and if
they can if a student on a campus like
this which is so beautiful I was in the
main library today
with these grand reading rooms and the
noble architecture and the the plants
the trees you've got around if they can
feel sorry for themselves and feel
oppressed at Berkeley I mean that's
preposterous they are leading they are
living a they're leading a delusion they
are they are completely unable to
perceive their privilege to be at a
place of learning where they should be
down on their knees every day saying
thank you for giving me this opportunity
to absorb human history languages
science you name it well that's why I
think is so fascinating because there's
such a disconnect between the reality of
the goodness of this country not to say
we don't have problems and and what this
sort of postmodern cultural Marxist
collectivist set of ideas whatever you
want to call it is
I mean you know I say this on the show
all the time but the essence of
prejudice is to prejudge I could look at
you guys right now and go okay brown guy
here white guy here girl here brown guy
there asian guy there white lady there
and that would assuming that I thought
that that meant I know what you think
that actually is prejudice and yet
somehow we're the ones that are
constantly being told that were bigots
and racists I assume most of you guys
again we'll do it by applause I know
it's weird to applause II think but most
of you I assume had been called all of
these these things and I need to figure
out I need to figure out some other way
to gauge reaction other than applauding
all the bad things we know this is the
way this thing will be clipped on
YouTube Rubin did a live stream they
were applauding bigotry and racism Lord
we stepped in it people somehow the
raising of the hand does you know hand
signal that won't go well either so jazz
hands all right we'll do jazz hands for
now and I see people we have a gay guy
you see you see gay people but I don't
judge him it's okay it's okay people how
do we how do we start turning the tide
here because when I was asking about
sort of whether you're whether you're an
optimist or a pessimist it's sort of
about now well okay a lot of us
recognize this all of these people they
recognize this the people watching at
home they recognize it but how do we
actually start turning this because it
can't just be on the students at
colleges Steve you have to go back to
fundamental ideas I mean you have to
challenge the fundamental mistakes that
people are making
let me just flag to them there's there's
widespread disdain for the idea that
human beings can think and can reason
their way out of problems they're just I
mean it's a weird thing to think that
that is true especially this is
everybody to attack reason you actually
I have to actually use reason it's it's
wacky it seems wacky but there's a whole
philosophical tradition of irrationalism
that it has been attacking reason for
generations it culminates I think in
post-modernism and a lot of the points
that you made before but there is real
disrespect for reason if you don't
respect reason if you don't respect the
fact that or believe that human beings
can make choices in their life
you're gonna look at them as just
they're they're you know they're
determined by other factors what's the
point of thinking what's the point of
speaking if you can't reach other people
because they're you know determined by
factors outside themselves then then
you're lost another point individualism
is on it under attack and in favor of
collectivism and tribalism this idea
that the individual should submit to the
group should sacrifice him or herself to
the group and that the group is somehow
all-powerful that's a an idea that's
been around for centuries but it's
actually on the rise somebody wrote in
the Washington Post the other day that
we should try socialism maybe socialism
is a good idea that you look at
Venezuela for God's sakes it was a well
written arm well they always say it's
never been trying yeah yeah I know but
right that's the thing but this is I
mean these are ideas that have been
