[Music]
if you follow me on the Twitter you know
that I'm not a big fan of award shows in
general but all the talk post Golden
Globes this week is about Oprah Winfrey
potentially running for president in
2020 mainstream media is in love with
the idea of Oprah for president and CNN
the New York Times Time magazine and a
slew of others have all already run
think pieces on her chances in just
three short years Hollywood of course is
also in love with the idea the
conscience of lefty Hollywood Jimmy
Kimmel has already said that he's on
board with Oprah 2020 and NBC even
tweeted from their official account at
NBC that Oprah is our next president
though they eventually deleted the tweet
make no doubt the elite class that was
dealt a swift blow by the election of
Trump in 2016
will quickly fall in line if Oprah
decides to make a run for 2020 Oprah has
an absolutely remarkable life story she
grew up in a milling house in extreme
poverty she survived absolutely horrific
physical and sexual abuse including
being raped by her own cousin when she
was only nine years old from these
unimaginably difficult beginnings Oprah
eventually made it to local news in
Chicago and then on to her syndicated
talk show which not only changed the TV
landscape but had a cultural relevance
unlike almost anything in the
pre-internet age every politician
pop-culture icon an ordinary person
doing something extraordinary seemed to
make it to Oprah's couch since she ended
the talk-show seven years ago Oprah's
had many professional ups and downs
continuing to navigate Hollywood
starting her own TV network own which
has in quite caught on doing plenty of
charity work and of course and perhaps
most importantly always making time to
eat bread with very excited strangers
around a fancy table in a forest as for
Oprah's politics I'm not sure anyone
other than Oprah herself has a full view
of them she was a big Obama supporter
during his first two campaigns and I
have no doubt that she falls on the
Democrat progressive side of things how
she Falls specifically on every issue
I'm not totally sure but we seem to be
veering towards a cliff where the issues
will have almost nothing to do
who gets elected the cult of personality
we're building around politicians and
what that means for the health of our
society in the long term is quickly
becoming a massive problem that's hidden
in plain sight
I'm pretty sure I don't have to say much
on the cult of personality that is
Donald Trump
make no mistake whether you love or hate
Donald Trump we elected a reality TV
star a man created by and now hated by
the mainstream media Trump's rise used
all the tools of the media against
itself and that's why right now the
media is endlessly looking to destroy
him they want their narrative and
control back notice the shift in TV
coverage and articles about Trump in the
last two weeks or so it's shifted from
endless Russia stories to Trump's mental
health in most cases the people writing
these stories are the same people who
said that stories about Hillary's health
were conspiracy theories even after she
collapsed and was dragged into an SUV by
security guards that autumn day in New
York City so what we have right now is a
cult of personality Trump versus the
cult of the media this has made a lot of
people a lot of money as long as they
keep churning out articles and think
pieces true or not people do get paid to
this end Trump is their perfect foil he
has no shortage of tweets to send out
and people to mock so we've got a match
made in hell playing right in front of
all of our eyes now back to Oprah for a
moment
Oprah is basically the exact reverse of
Trump even at the identity politics
level she is a black woman and he is a
white man she grew up poor he grew up
rich but more importantly than these she
says all of the right things she talks
about love and spirituality and is loved
by the Hollywood and media class as one
of their own Trump on the other hand is
their perfect enemy as if they had
written the script themselves alas Trump
was one of their own until he became too
powerful and now he is enemy number one
because they've lost control of the
narrative their hope is that they can
win some of that narrative back with
another celebrity who will play by their
rules but I think that this is
short-sighted at best and disastrous at
worst just imagine what kind of insane
polarizing sensationalized lunacy the
potential matchup of Trump verse
Oprah will lead to as we head into 2020
it'll be great for clicks and ratings
but it'll be terrible for ideas and
debate you thought Hillary verse Trump
was polarizing just wait until Trump and
Oprah battle it out in the Thunderdome
on prime-time television sadly it
doesn't look like we'll ever turn back
to being governed as our founders
intended with a limited federal
government and strong states that
empower people to control their lives at
the local level while Trump has done
some good work in limiting the power of
the federal government he's obviously
happy to govern by executive action as
Congress seeds more and more of their
duties to the executive branch instead
of the legislative branch where laws are
supposed to be written his Justice
Department too is happy to step on the
Tenth Amendment and allow the federal
government to trample on states rights
just look at Attorney General Jeff
Sessions decision to allow the feds to
crack down on state's ability to
legalize marijuana so to sum up we'll
have a president that will most likely
be a celebrity whether it's Trump or
Oprah or Mark Cuban or the rock along
with an executive branch that'll
continue growing and growing in power
this cult of personality will
continually put people into office not
on what they believe and whether they
understand or even care about how
government is supposed to work but
rather by what they make us feel and how
they can manipulate us into thinking
exactly as they do that feeling coupled
with the growing power of the office of
the presidency is a recipe for the
authoritarian control we all should be
wary of the only way to fight this tide
of celebrity induced idiocracy is to get
involved now before it's too late either
that or get ready to bow to supreme
leader Justin Bieber in 2024
[Music]
joining me today is a New York Times
bestselling author a presidential fellow
at Chapman University the founder of
skeptic magazine and now a four-time
Rubin report guest Michael Shermer
welcome back to write my fourth time
here at times that's a record or without
it you are close you are you're
definitely in the top two or three oh
cool all right
depending on how this goes do I get a
pay bump yet no but there's plenty of
booze okay that's right yeah that's
right
so all right there's a ton I want to
talk to you about you've got a new book
coming out I was saying to you right
before you started you're the only guest
that has two books all right moral or
skeptic okay good well you you are doing
well we can bump the skeptic and put
heavens on earth there because I hate to
be the lifeboat guy that kicks the other
person hosta out of the lifeboat we will
swap those two I thought a fun way
though to start this conversation with
you would be to tell a little story that
happened to us both when we spoke at
University of Arizona about two or three
months ago we were we were speaking
there with who were with that night we
were with Steve Simpson yes from the ein
Rand Institute we're just gonna talk on
free speech about an hour talk half hour
or so Q&A and in the middle I jokingly
said to the audience by a show of hands
are there any Nazis here it's very edge
to our surprise someone raised their
hand or a woman raised her hand and said
that she was a Nazi and she started to
ask a question I said you know what hang
tight respect to our free speech we're
gonna do our thing but then when we open
this up to the Q&A we're gonna throw the
first question to you so this person
then proceeded to ask a question can you
paraphrase what the question was
basically oh well it was something about
she had encountered me before it's some
public event about the Holocaust story
and you know some details about the gas
chambers and you know one of these kind
of technical arguments that they come up
with that are supposed to stump
Holocaust historians but that I've
refuted before and then she wanted to
revisit that so basically it
was she was a Holocaust denier and the
beauty of what happened why I wanted to
start this conversation with this
antidote was she asked you this question
about the doors at Auschwitz and why
they didn't lock and all of this I'm
sorry was bad that's right the doors of
madhouse and yeah that's right yeah
right yeah yeah and basically you gave
her a great answer of why the doors in
lock and they didn't want to scare
people with doors that lock at an
obviously very scary place and all this
stuff and it was it was a really nice
moment for free speech I thought she
actually respected our free speech we
then allowed her to have the question
you then answered her question now it
was pretty obvious to me that you didn't
change her mind at the end and that's oh
that's the first question I'm gonna ask
when you when you come by as someone
that debunks conspiracy theories all the
time and created skeptic magazine when
you come across these people that are so
sort of tightly held to their conspiracy
theories or the ideas that they can't
prove but they just believe them
right how often can you actually break
through you can actually I get letters
all the time I don't have it like a data
set from 25 years with 10,000 subjects
or anything like that but I get a ton of
letters just from people saying you know
I used to believe X and now I believe
why I changed my mind after reading your
book or you and Dawkins or Paris or
hitch and so you know whatever this sort
of a list of people that we know and so
I do think this idea that you can't talk
somebody out of something that they
didn't you know you can't reason
somebody out of a belief they didn't
reason their way into I think it's not
true even though probably they didn't
reason their way into the art the belief
in the first place once you have the
belief in place then you find reasons to
believe it and smart people are really
good at this
educated will verse people can pile up
the arguments and data in favor of their
belief and disconfirm ignore the
disconfirming evidence you know the
confirmation bias so but you can do that
you can and so and now they're Studies
on on this by cognitive psychologists
like you know if you're teaching
critical thinking and and the students
believe this how do you get them from
there to there
whatever it is ESP or UFOs conspiracies
ER or some political economic idea so
you can do this
not standing at the blackboard yammering
away but by getting them to debate and
engage with each other like okay so
you're pro-choice okay you're now gonna
argue the pro-life position against this
person here who's going to take the
opposite position what they believe and
that sort of forces them to think well
okay what are the arguments in favor of
this now I got a make up and then that's
forces them to listen to the other
person and think about that and then
they can they really have a sense of
what's the best arguments because they
have to make them so really it's just
engaging in a process it's like you're
not gonna learn to play the violin by
reading a book about violins or
listening to a lecture about how the
violin works you got to just do it in
your years of doing this have you
learned anything about the mind of the
type of people that are prone to
conspiracy theories is there like a
certain set of ideas that they more
broadly subscribe to before it gets to
whatever the yeah yeah so there's kind
of a global cognitive style that
everything happens for a reason
now for religious people this is you
know Jesus or God is sort of directing
things everything from the parking spot
you got to the college you went into
your spouse that you met and and so
forth the little to the big questions
for the conspiracists it's the
government it's a little g-god
government that's you know pulling the
strings and even if it's you know if the
Illuminati or the one-world or whoever
the Rockefellers the Rothschilds it's
still kind of a government type that
there's somebody up there pulling the
strings so that everything that happens
for a reason so and we know that from
surveys that people that tick the box
that that you know JFK was assassinated
by a conspiracy are also more likely to
take the box that Princess Diana was
murdered you know Elvis is still alive
you know that you know the aliens are
being hidden in area 51 you know so they
they go down the path they tend to
accept more and more ideas now we might
call that you know a gullibility
tendency or something like that but
there's something beneath that which is
everything has a reason for why it
happens and that they downplay the role
of chance and randomness so it's
interesting how you relate that to the
religious mind because there's a desire
really to
and what's happening and yet right the
desire I think you would argue that you
then have to take a lot of things that
aren't true for fat like there's sort of
no ending to it right that's right they
never get to the end of the conspiracy
theory and then it's exposed really it
just sort of takes you further and oh
that's like an x-files series obviously
one it's episode leads to the next and
they keep pulling the strings the thread
and that keeps unraveling forever so
it's really a self-fulfilling prophecy
in a way right if you can never be
proven wrong because that's right yes
yes yeah so I was just debating just
online for the UFO people about this new
story about the Pentagon had this
program to study UFOs
now they call them unidentified aerial
phenomenon UAP sounds more technical
right and that is goofy but but of
course you know they're interested in an
unidentified aerial something or other
because it could be the Russians or the
Chinese or who knows what you know so
it's perfectly reasonable to also then
understand that well the government's
that you know they lied to us yeah no
kidding governments do lie to their
citizens right you know but but a good
counter to this is you know the the
WikiLeaks you know here here we have you
know millions of documents that were
secret that we weren't supposed to see
and now we see them and there's nothing
in there about 9/11 was an inside job
the alien bodies are being held at area
51 the UFO was engineering technology
was back engineered and this is how we
got the Space Shuttle nothing nothing
like that so this is a good example that
they've released yes that's right yeah
yeah well but presumably you know the
WikiLeaks guys weren't you know hiding
the good stuff and and releasing only
because they've released you know
millions of documents so this is an
example of the absence of evidence is is
evidence of absence in terms of that
argument usually that doesn't that
doesn't hold water but in this case I
think it does so where are you just sort
of personally are you feeling good about
the state of skepticism at the moment or
are you feeling that fake news and the
authoritarian control on both sides
these days just that everything so up in
the air
you know feel good about what it is that
you do and what the things that seems
like we're not supposed to and they are
of Trump and all this stuff but really
things just keep grinding along and in a
positive fashion the counter to the fake
news and alternative facts are all the
new fact-checking sites like politifact
and Snopes has gotten huge now and that
skeptic we're just we're gonna launch a
fact-checking site because this is the
kind of thing we should be doing and and
there's I don't know there's half a
dozen of those sites that every
political speech now given is followed
by really clickbait tweets on here are
the 27 facts that are wrong in this
speech Oh might want to see what they
are yeah so really that's the market
counter to that not censorship or we
need laws about fake news no we just
need people back Jackie and then when
having problems with even that that
people go to those sites and then even
if you fact check it they still don't
believe the facts that they don't like
like we've really yeah that for the
ground sort may be but on the other hand
the moment like post modernists and or
even like behavioral economists say that
you know we're incapable of reason yeah
what are your arguments and reasons for
that statement then the moment they open
their mouth they've refuted them so
right because we still use arguments and
reason even if you're even if your
arguments or your data or fake or you
know questionable you're still trying to
make a good argument so that
enlightenment program of we use science
science and reason to make political
progress is still in place yeah well
that concept I think is really
interesting because you have all these
people right now who think either you
know Armageddon is coming tomorrow or
everything everything's never been worse
I think we hear that over here we've
never hated each other more bah-bah-bah
and I'm pretty sure it was the first
time I had you on the show and we were
talking about the moral arc which is
right over there that you were saying
that the arc of progress has bent so
that actually things are better but but
it seems like we don't really stop and
smell the roses
that seems like a group rotten to me at
the moment and if and when something
does get exposed as you know here's this
evil in society that now we're alerting
to like the me to movement and and some
of the other ones that have
in the last year or so that just exposes
how far we've come and how sensitized
our moral compass is to things that are
really bad and that we're going to jump
on it and not allow this anymore so that
if anything gets us and like with the
stuff we've talked about with the
student protests you know complaining
about Halloween costumes okay this is
actually a sign of progress I mean no
one worried about Halloween costumes in
1950 okay the moral Crusaders like
Martin Luther King weren't you know oh
what are the Halloween costumes good
they're worried about you know the KKK
costumes that are real okay so that's
how far we've come when it can be so
finely tuned that we're gonna pick these
little knits over here does that also
show you why the level of hysteria maybe
is ramped up so much because the less
stuff there is to really fight about
yeah there isn't some stuff but the less
stuff that really we don't this isn't
the 1950s KKK it's and run it maybe a
