[Music]
all right so one of the things that you
write about a lot is that the idea of
middle-class stagnation is actually
wrong yes we hear this all the time from
politicians for I think my whole life
that I was ever caring about politics
it's always that the middle class is
shrinking and the extremes are getting
bigger
etc etc but you actually take a
different position yeah this
middle-class stagnation thesis is stated
as if it's an established fact with no
arguments against it it's just wrong
I think you were born in the mid
seventies right 76 okay so according to
this thesis it was a it was right around
that time mid 70s
that's okay right so the american middle
class had been chugging along upward it
hits the mid 70s and then it's been
stagnant ever since so ordinary
Americans today so goes the thesis live
no better than ordinary Americans lived
when Gerald Ford was in the Oval Office
and you think is it crazy i mean i have
i'm unfortunately old enough to remember
the mid 1970s and although one's own
personal experiences shouldn't be a
basis for scientific conclusions they're
not irrelevant i know it may come from a
working-class US family i remember how
we lived in the 70s i don't know what
cars were like I remember television was
like what health care was like things
are a lot better today for ordinary
Americans and so I number years ago just
started looking into this this thesis
there are data that you can find that
the people who proposed this thesis
point to that that lends some
superficial credence to the thesis but
something that here just some of the
problems with with these data they
adjust for inflation in ways they vastly
overestimate the amount of inflation
that we've had since the mid 70s so mean
vastly under counting the growth in real
incomes since the 70s a lot of these
data will look at household incomes well
the side the typical population of the
American household has fallen since the
mid 1970s today it doesn't sound like
much but today it's about 11 percent
lower than it was in 1975
but that's actually pretty significant
so the same amount of income in a
household now is spread over fewer
people and so the individual people are
richer meaning we're just not having as
many kids that's we're not having as
many kids with we're becoming wealthier
so that now well maybe not in the last
ten years or so but for much of this
period younger people have been able to
move out of their family their parents
homes at a younger age and start the
households younger older people are able
to continue to live by themselves rather
than move in with their with their
children
the quality of goods and the variety of
goods and services that American
ordinary Americans have access to today
is astonishing compared to what it was
just 40 years ago i sexually spend a lot
of time looking at you know catalogs
from the mid-1970s you know Sears
Roebuck catalog and then you can look at
you know sears.com today and you can
look at the prices that would charge
back that course nominally they were
lower but then you just take those
prices and you divide them by the wage
that the average American earned back
then and do the same thing for the
prices today and divide it by the wage
of the average American earns today and
what you find in almost all cases is
that the amount of time it takes to work
in order to earn enough income to buy a
pair of jeans a shirt a washer and dryer
and your an airplane ticket is
dramatically less today America we don't
have to work as much today as we did
back then in order to get the things
that make our standard of living as high
as it is so today just the people that
believe in this that they just do a
great cell job I mean how did this meme
how did this idea get out there because
you hear this all the time everybody
this is one of the few things that you
hear on both sides of the aisle yes yeah
in fact I and yes I think the a lot Paul
Krugman says it all says it all the time
and I think in a way kind of backfire on
people in the left if they keep saying
it and I thought bleeped it's one thing
that that helped
drum up spa pew low support for Donald
Trump yeah you know middle-class
Americans even stagnating so let's do
something about it let's elect Trump
there's an interesting psychological
thing there because I think maybe most
people think they're in the middle like
they probably think it no matter what
like they if they're not
stitute and if they're not you know
worth 20 million bucks you probably
think basically you're in the middle
yeah so it's a way of making it about
you even if it's actually not the case
yeah you question if I'm not sure
exactly exactly why it caught why this
myth caught on and it has held on with
such tenacity this myth has been going
has been around now for 20 years it
started in the mid 1990s yeah and
there's actually an economist he's now
at Southern Miss mu and Dallas he was at
I'm an economist at the Dallas Fed guy
named Mike Cox and he's the first one
who really started looking into this
well let's let's look at various
measures of living standards let's look
at how much ordinary people are
consuming today compared to in the mid
70s it's a comma let's look at what
happens when we adjust for income using
better inflation adjusters come in what
Mike Cox found and I I my work is
derivative of Mike Hawks is that once
you start doing this this whole
middle-class stagnation thing just
crumbles into dust it's just not true
it's not to say that there are no
problems it's not to say that the middle
class wouldn't be even wealthier had
they're not they've been better policies
in place whatever you think those
policies might be but it is to say that
it's just crazy to believe that an
ordinary American or an ordinary
American family in 2018 has a standard
of living that is indistinguishable from
that of an ordinary American family in
1975 yeah do you know what basically the
economics look like if you're considered
in the middle class right now like the
economic they're really like numbers
that you look at on both sides and go
alright that's what middle class is
because I think that's part of the
problem it is this sort of amorphous
term yes yeah III don't believe that
they're I'm you know the the the the
Census Bureau among others they will
divide household income into quintiles I
don't recall what those numbers are at
the moment but a common definitions you
take the three middle quintile so you
get rid of the top 20% you were at the
bottom 20% you have the middle 60%
that's that's the middle class you know
upper middle middle middle lower middle
but the Census Bureau does something
interesting from time to time yeah so it
divides
household income into different
categories less than 15,000 15,000 and
25,000 on on up to like I think 250,000
and above and it tracks adjusting for
inflation it tracks household incomes
over time and you can in a perverse way
find in these data that the middle class
in America is disappearing right but
it's disappearing into the upper classes
if you look at the percentage of
households in America who are earning in
the lowest percentages right they're
shrinking the only only categories in
which the percentage of households in
the US are increasing or in the upper
income levels and so actually I think
the very lowest it might have ticked up
a little bit like the less than 15,000
but in the great middle they have fewer
households percentage-wise
earning in those categories today but
more earning a hundred thousand dollars
annually and above and so in one sense
yes it's freaky but it's getting richer
there's no evidence that we're getting
poor there's no evidence that it's
stagnating yeah so we talked a little
bit in an ancillary way about taxes
earlier so I'm not an economist but I'm
gonna lay out what I think is sort of a
fair tax system that's consistent with
all the ideals that we've talked about
here and I want you to either I'm gonna
blow your mind or you're gonna tell me
that I'm way off so something like this
this is what I've said a couple times is
that I'm basically for attacks flat tax
you know get rid of exemptions let's say
it's about 15% but we can we can fiddle
with the numbers but let's about 15%
I would exempt everyone making let's say
less than like 40 grand maybe even 50
grand so that they have a little more
disposable income that they can do
things which which I think is good for
them and good for the economy and then
just because I'm still I still have a
little bit of a guilty liberal in me I
would even be willing to do some sort of
progressive tax if you're over say 10
million a year or something like that
even though I know it's not right and
I'm sure you can get rid of that by the
end of this conversation but there's
still a piece of me that says that but
basically saying that for the huge vast
majority of the country
10% little exemptions maybe a little
trickery on the high end I think that's
consistent with the sort of classical
liberal idea of minimal involvement and
an equality of opportunity and what
you're all paying in and hopefully it
would cause a slimmer trimmer government
yeah so some glimmering in your eye and
say yeah I said earlier I think one of
the distinguishing features of an
economist has always asked us compared
to what right as compared to what we
have now I mean that that's it that's
close to perfect right I'll take it
right yes compared to what my actual
ideal would be given that we're going to
have taxes it's not quite my ideal I
would indeed get rid of the the the
progression yeah at that the only part
of me I think that still exists so the
way I look at the way I look at people
who earn those kinds of incomes assuming
the urnament and most of them do they
earn these incomes in the market that
means that these people are especially
good at making life better for ordinary
Americans they're especially good at
creating jobs they're especially good at
at increasing the value of my 401 K but
what would you say when people say but
they don't need a yachts and helicopters
and all that I would say they earn it's
theirs it's not up to me to say what
they they earn it's their money I can't
make an argument against that I know
it's there's you know the your system is
better than what we have now but
definitely if we're going to have income
taxation a flat tax and I'm willing to
have the exemption for the lower lower
incomes flat tax is the way to go not
only does it prevent a lot of political
chicanery you know messing with brackets
and but it's it is economically the
better system when you tax all
income-earning activities at the same
rate then the relative prices of
different types of labour services stays
the same when you have progressive
taxation you create greater distortions
in the economy and that that makes us as
annex a resonance of this economy it
makes us all a little bit less wealthy
than we otherwise we'd be because the
economy has to deal with these
distortions so what do we do about
spending because at the end of the day
that seems at least when we're talking
about this from a government perspective
that it's really all about spent
that you can tax out the wazoo and
regardless of whether that tanks the
economy or or fixes it or whatever that
that's almost irrelevant if you just
keep spending especially because the
amount of debt we have and we know we're
never gonna pay it back which is why
it's probably good that we have a lot of
bombs but that's a whole other
discussion you know because one day if
China calls in the debt you know we're
in a lot trouble but but how do you rein
in spending cuz this seems to be the
thing that all the Trump people right
they all thought he was gonna rein in
spending this is like the opposite pact
and and it's it's I think it's more than
ever before it is it is so I think the
big property question is I don't know
how to do it you can speculate about you
know changing the Constitution put in
constitutional balanced budget
amendments constitutional caps on
spending I'm skeptical of all of those
things government has many ways to get
around these these paper tiger
provisions the problem is the problem is
Americans today look to government and
they and they basically you're spending
other people's money and so if you're
spending other people's money it's easy
to spend my my former colleague Russ
Roberts hid a piece in The Wall Street
Journal many years ago entitled
something like if you're paying I'm
having steak so imagine imagine oh we
all go to a restaurant and you know the
different menu items right well if you
go to a restaurant and you and you're
picking up your part of the tab right
you you you may order steak but that's
because it's worthwhile to you and
you'll have to pay for it but you might
if you have to pay for you might or sick
you might order a less expensive dish
but if it's gonna be shake even so it
couldn't be shared right then based then
the bulk of your extra expenditure is
shared with the people you're going to
dinner with and that's true for every
person at that dinner right and so you
wind up with this bizarre circumstance
where every person acting rationally
winds up ordering too much winds up
asking of the restaurant too much we
wind up asking of our government too
much but we have to pay for the
resources do not fall out of the sky
free they're coming from somewhere and
and because we're spending too much
we're taking resources where they would
be better used and putting them where
really none of us want them to be used
but we all wind them using them and I
know you said before that an antic total
story is not you know proof of a bigger
theory but as you're saying that it
reminds I don't think I've ever said
this probably publicly before my
brothers
a party when I was a struggling comic
and I had no money you know I may be 50
bucks in my pocket I don't know I was
the best man all his friends were in
banking and lawyers and they had all had
money big rollers were at a fancy one of
the one fancy place the Borgata in
Atlantic City the one fancy you know
nice place in Atlantic City and we're
sitting around this huge table at a
really super fancy restaurant and I'm
and all the entrees are 8090 hundred
bucks and I'm looking around like you
know what am I gonna do here I was gonna
get the chicken for maybe fifty bucks or
something I'm sitting with my my
brothers one friend who also was kind of
struggling like I was and we're both
saying are we're gonna get the chicken
for 50 bucks we go around everyone's
gettin steak lobster steak lobster steak
lobster steak lobster it gets to my
friend Josh he turned he's the whole
time he's going I'm getting the chicken
for the waitress says what do you want
he goes lobster and then I just said
state like that like and it's exactly
what you're talking about
you suddenly lose concept of what's in
your pocket somehow it's gonna happen if
the bills gonna be shared then the the
the the the additional cost to you of
ordering steaks that is a tiny fraction
of the actual additional cost of the
steak and that's the problem with with
government today we have people in
Washington spending other people's money
for the benefit of yet other people and
when you do that you just get too much
too much spending we we've I don't know
a better way to say it doesn't sound
very economic I understand it but we've
lost and the ethic of respecting other
people's property once government gets
money once government officials figure
out something that they fancy is is good
and may or may not really be good which
doesn't mean necessarily it's worthwhile
but maybe a good project that doesn't
mean that therefore we should go ahead
and spend money on it there's an
insufficient connection between the
spending and the and and the and the
experience of the cost of the resources
that go into the spending how much are
you think of this do you think is not an
economic problem but a political problem
so that if a politician was to get this
right let's say there's some magical
politician out there who really
understands economics but he knows if he
goes to the Senate so I suspect Rand
Paul's kind of like this I think he
basically gets this man and he does
fight the best fight generally
that I think he can but that they guys
want to get reelected and saying to
people we're gonna spend less on you
even though you know it's it's the best
thing we can do for you actually it's
gonna free you one day and it's not
gonna take the economy and make us you
know slaves to a foreign nation all that
it just doesn't work politically because
it's not the easy answer of a bomb or I
think it's exactly right let's face it
each politician has a time frame that
extends to the next election right so in
the case of members of the House that's
only two years case of the president
that's four senators six that's not a
long time frame anything beyond that
time frame is irrelevant to that person
politically today or to make it relevant
that person has to have an ethic that is
very rare and unusual among politicians
and people with that ethic tend not to
be not to succeed in politics yeah a
handful do manage to get in but very few
so you have people without that ethic
and they're just looking toward the next
election which is that most again the
only non two years away for a House
member and so if the bills coming to two
and a half years from now if the if
whatever other costs are gonna happen
two and a half years from now or or
alternatively if if taking some action
that someone that's gonna have cost
today but but huge benefits no matter
how huge two years for now four years
for now I'm not gonna take it right
because it's it that will do nothing to
get them past that next hurdle which is
getting elected reelected so in a very
depressing sense or in a sort of
dystopian future sense are we in its
certain way are we on a pathway to
destruction no matter what if you think
about it I mean if you take that line of
thinking long enough right so we have a
sort of weak political crew dealing in
ways that are the reverse of how
economically we can be successful pretty
right like pretty much always going off
the off the cliff yeah so I despite all
that I've said I remain optimistic and
I'm not I'm not sure why right I feel
the same way I remain optimistic we we
still have a respect for private
property in the United States we're
still a very entrepreneurial culture we
still
hold politicians to some this is less
now but it's there's some level of
responsibility I say that I'm my
libertarian friends are gonna kill we
were saying I think there's something
there's something there yeah look the
political problem has always been there
I think the cost US Constitution in the
past up until about eighty years ago
