[Music]
joining me today is an author the
editorial director of the American
Institute for Economic Research as well
as a senior fellow at the Austrian
economic center Jeffrey Tucker welcome
to the Rubin report thanks for having me
good to be here I almost wore the same
bowtie my friend really I should have
brought one extra for you yeah that
would have been work on this all right
there's a ton I want to talk to ya
you're sort of one of these people that
are right around all of the topics that
I'm talking about from freedom and
liberty and free speech and the battle
between the left and the right and all
that but your new book and I want to get
the title absolutely correct right wing
collectivism the other threat to Liberty
I thought that would be the spot for us
to kick this off because most of the
people watching the show know that I've
mostly focused on the left sure yeah was
my home I was a progressive I've woken
up to what I shouldn't real liberalism
is obviously and that has nothing to do
with the modern life but sometimes
people say Dave you don't critique the
right enough so let's dive in what's
interesting about talk about it is that
so often the left and the right are not
as distinguishable as they seem to be
for example the this trade stuff you
know Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump
basically agreed yeah you know how do
you account for that and and now will
you see all the celebration of the
working classes you know you're gonna
get again the trumpian right agreeing
with Bernie Sanders on that the left is
evermore trending nationalist and it's
immigration policies for example that
didn't use to be the case so how is the
left well you know listen well like
Bernie Sanders complained that free free
immigration is is a coke a Koch
Industries plot basically to provide the
capitalist class cheap workers for
example now that you would have never
found anybody on the Left 20 years ago
saying that but but now you know it's
happening you know the the the the the
hatred of the of Commerce and and the
the merchant class is so intense now
that if a luxury resort and
in Florida wants to hire soon some
immigrants to work for them then the
left is saying oh no this is this is
terrible because this cab this
capitalism at work so here's trying to
see the strange blending the left and
the right have different cultural
pitches different appeals different
constituencies but they both have this
this agenda that's that boils down to
the to the use of power is this a little
bit of just what people refer to as the
horseshoe theory that the more that the
sides have become sort of extreme that
they're oddly that may be right I've
heard this this horseshoe thing I tend
to think that's a little bit superficial
I mean I look at it a little bit more
historically and you see since since
liberalism was born in the world in the
18th century really light Middle Ages
but when the revolt against liberalism
began in the early 19th century right
too much change too much wealth the
wrong people are getting rich there's
not enough control what are we going to
do about our religion our language our
race you know this the revolt began to
grow from about the 1820s and and
intensified and spread to the United
States Britain really began to take root
in continental Europe there took two
forms there was a left form and a right
form and at each country they took they
took on different iterations different
names you know so so in Britain you had
the Tories then you had the labor labor
party they both wanted to use the state
for their own purposes then you always
had the opposition party which is the
Liberals you know and and that's the way
it's fleshed out itself in country after
country the Liberal Party has always
been the people said why don't we just
let society be let people live their
lives let them choose a religion of
their own of their own choice if they
don't hurt anybody it's not a problem
let's have free speech this have
universal rights that's how rights for
this get rid of slavery let's have
rights acknowledge the existence of
women's rights equality of freedom for
everybody leave everybody alone
that's the liberal position that's a
pretty good position it's a it's a
beautiful position and it's what I
favorites what I think it's what built
civilization coming out of the religious
wars of the high middle ages we
discovered this idea of freedom we tried
it it worked
but there's but there's a brief there's
always been a revolt brewing against it
a resentment resentment against it again
resentment against the commercial class
too much change too much wealth wrong
people getting wealthy we're not
controlling demographics well enough
there's not enough equality whatever the
thing is it takes different forms in
different countries and at different
times in different places but ultimately
the right and the left are ideologies of
control and power and liberalism has
always been the alternative to that so
so we keep having to rediscover this
again and again in every generation yeah
well that's why now I'm so happy that
there is as you said to me right before
we started the phrase classical
liberalism now is coming back you know
you mean you had it on TV every now and
again I like to think that maybe I had a
little something to do with it you know
and meaning to me
it is the only current antidote to the
problems that we have either the the
more state power that the Democratic
socialists want as they've sort of
ransacked their own party and purged all
of the Liberals and it's also the
antidote for all of the people if you
think Trump is all of the horrible
things that people say about him all
time what's the antidote
the antidote isn't to get somebody else
in that more power yeah the antidote
obviously is to take power away from
that that's what liberalism and I my
hope is that that there are the good
people who left the center of the left
that are looking at the emergence of the
Trump problem will reconsider the uses
of power and the executive state and why
do we build this gigantic machinery of
the total state if it's so vulnerable to
being captured by our enemies right
right the real question that we're at
right now if you believe this thing has
been captured by the Russians or
whatever it is it's like yeah well okay
yeah and answering your own question I
hope that we can we can rekindle a kind
of a new resurgence or I do have to
credit you and Jordan Peterson for this
I mean I've been working at it for about
ten years to try to bring back this not
just the term liberal but the concept of
the brill ism
- to public life and but it's been
difficult because because because we do
have this state that creates a kind of
moral and intellectual and ideological
hazard
somebody's got to control it and and now
that we built it over the last hundred
years this this this total state of
massive taxes regulations interventions
run in people's lives everybody's trying
to get hold of it and grab it and beat
up their enemies and it's a problem it's
a serious problem so when people say to
me and we've discussed this on the show
a bunch of times before and I've dressed
address this in several forums when
people say to me wait a minute when
you're when you say you're a classical
liberal you talk about lazy for
economics and getting the government out
of the way and all those things really
this is just a repackaged libertarianism
or you're just afraid to say that you're
a conservative because it's still not
cool
or something that is how would you
define the difference between say
classical liberal and a libertarian
let's talk about that because because
after World War two these neologisms
these new terms came along one was
conservatism it wasn't really used
before the early 1950s Russell Kirk's
book called the mindset of a
conservative something like the
conservative mind I think is what it was
called and libertarianism was again
first used at about 1957 by the
translator of the works of Basquiat the
problem was the term liberal had been
captured you know by the new dealers
mmm-hmm as early as 1933 once they
acquiesced to the idea of the corporate
of a state andr blame the Great
Depression on capitalism that became a
problem for liberalism that kept the
term liberalism but they were no longer
liberal because they were suddenly for
big government here before big
government and and even worse the
corporate state and actually we can just
be more blunt about it and say that back
in the 1930s is this this ideology had a
name the name is fascist yeah okay so so
they caved right I mean in the New York
Times in 1933 the New York Times
magazine was celebrating the great
professor Mussolini
and how he and FDR shared a vision for
the planned economy so that's the world
we were living in back then so we lost
the term liberal after World War 2 there
was an attempt to to just speak language
and to and to describe who we are and on
one hand you had this new thing called
conservatism and they they they kind of
sampled some of the story
Tory like nostalgia for the past a
little bit of revanche ISM you know
let's recapture what we've lost didn't
you on the other hand who had the
genuine liberals and they coined the
term libertarianism which had been
sitting on the shelf since the late 19th
century now most of the people who call
themselves libertarians in the late 19th
century America and England were
anarchists socialists but nobody had
bothered with the term for decades and
decades
so Dean Russell said well nobody's using
that word why don't we use it and that
was closer to the truth of what they
were in effect well what was interesting
about that is as Dean Russell described
it in his 1957 article it was a synonym
for what was once called liberal right
he didn't think it was a tweak or an
improvement or a distillation or
refinement or a new dogmatic way of
describing the bill ISM he thought it
was liberalism so I need to read that
because I mean that's how I feel I don't
know if someone says me Dave you're a
libertarian I don't mind that if we need
labels I don't mind that lame I don't
mind you know we can split the
difference on how much government sure
should be so the problem I think
libertarianism has a number as a term as
the other problems one is it's a little
clinical sounding and it has too many
syllables and it makes you sound a
little bit awkward and it sounds maybe a
little too canonical you know like we we
have a list of things you have to
believe you know like this this this
it's all rooted in this kind of
reductionist more commonly these days
that's rooted in this kind of in the
reductionist non-aggression principle
which is a fine principle as a rule of
thumb but it's not a good it doesn't
describe the whole of life so the other
problem is that libertarianism is is a
new term so it doesn't have a deep
history so we can't look back
and say oh look the libertarians freed
the slaves the libertarians acknowledge
to the rights of women the the
libertarians gave us the commercial
society that built the middle class and
brought dignity to the average person
right if they had existed as a party
they would have done those they would
have done those yeah where's the
Liberals who did that but it delivers so
we changed our name so now we can't like
feel a sense of pride in our past so it
doesn't have a past hmm that's a problem
so we're libertarians tend to be
detached from their own history for that
reason and I think it's a it's a problem
as a word problem the second problems
that libertarianism doesn't have a
universal of usage like where's
liberalism does you can go to Spain
describe yourself in liberal Brazil
there's there's liberals in Germany
there's liberals Everett there's a word
for liberalism in every language and it
more or less means the same thing except
in the United States right so so if we
acquiesce to this term libertarian and
just wipe out our liberal history we're
cutting ourselves off both from the
world and from our own history it's so
funny because you've just said it in a
far better way than I think I've ever
really laid it out but people will say
to me Dave stop saying you're a liberal
and I don't want to stop saying them I
get that I'm fighting an uphill battle
right now right I'm a salmon swimming
upstream this is gonna be tough but I
don't want to deny what is the truth
just because because it's tough it's who
you are
and you want to you want to have it an
ancestry you know you want to look back
and and see the the champions of the
meta cheese and and 15th century
Florence and say I know those people
those are my people yeah you know the
people who long for a world without
slavery you know in the early 19th
century the people who wanted world free
trade and fought hard for it those are
our people that's our history I mean we
were we were born as part of a long
stream of emancipation that's been
taking place for 500 years that's our
movement our people our history let's
embrace it I'm with you brother yeah all
right so are there any of those
liberals part of the Democratic Party
anymore
do those people exist that's strange
things are happening on the left very
strange things and I I'm not sure I
should applaud you for one sec I have my
original question here was I wanted to
do the deep dive on the right so we're
gonna go we will get no I promise you
we're gonna get to them yeah the deep
dive on the far right gets us into a
very dark place yeah all right well
maybe that night so maybe the whole
second half will be on that let me just
put that out there right now that's what
we'll do really sighs it's not getting
out of my depression having my book it
was terrible all right so our whole
second half is gonna be what my first
question was about let's just keep going
on yeah out for now so so strange things
have happened to the left let's just
mention that the the phrase cultural
appropriation for example now when when
did that the approbation of the Society
of cultural appropriation came out over
what two three years ago you know four
five I don't know academia is weird it
may have been brewing for ten years yeah
but when I first heard about it I
thought that is the craziest bunch of
nonsense I've ever heard I mean
civilization is nothing but cultural
appropriation has been doing this since
since the 9th century you know at the
height of the comfo Vincey omits in
Spain where different Judaism and Islam
and Christianity came together in this
beautiful melting pot where we all learn
from each other and the cultures began
to blend and our religions began to
change in our our outlook on life began
to because we learn from each other if
we stay isolated in our little tribes
we're never gonna progress and and and
the idea that and I don't know if it was
inadvertent or what happened we can talk
about this but that when when suddenly
you're told you cannot have affection
for another culture and take what you
find valuable and and learn learn for
yourself and live a better life that is
very strange they seem to think it's
cultural annihilation not cultural
appropriation right like they seem to
know that this is something that will
lead to the destruction of that culture
when in fact yeah it actually spreads
the ideas of the culture the foods that
were losing the the ideas not just
they're generating culture
as a scarce good like it's a property
but it's not the magic of culture which
is the same magic of ideas is resides in
its infinite reproducibility and its
malleability this is something that the
world of ideas can do that the physical
world cannot do and if we don't make
that distinction we're gonna get very
confused do you see what I mean and
cultures spread and they're infinite and
they can constantly change and that's
the magic and beauty of culture we can't
get that out of this glass of water this
table right there they're bound by the
constraints of scarcity but the world of
ideas is as magical it's like a constant
constant infinite sandstorm you know
unpredictable and and constantly
changing and we can we can take a
culture for ourselves without taking it
from somebody else right it's just it's
it's it's reproductive reproduction it's
infinite reproduction so loaves and the
fishes
isn't isn't the beauty to that America
has done this better than anyone
perhaps in the history of the world you
just references some other points in
time but that we have taken in more
cultures and you said the phrase melting
pot I mean that that's what we designed
and set up here the most beautiful
melting pot ever I lived in New York
City for most of my life most of my
adult life at least and would be on
subway cars and you are on that car
with absolutely everyone with I have
white guys with dreadlocks and the whole
thing and guess what you may not like
everybody and you may not like the way
this guy smells and that person may be
doing this but we're all there and I
live in together it's magic you know
it's it's it really it's commerce it's
because this country elevated the
commercial ethos to be the the highest
thing the great ennobling factor of
human life and its commerce that brings
people together and we experience that
every day you know you can in a
commercial setting people aren't
fighting each other they're they're
getting along I mean I I find I'm with
you I go to that I go to a restaurant
and I get served by some guy from
from Pakistan it's it it's a chance to
meet somebody new it's a chance to
engage somebody to have a personal
relationship with somebody who's serving
you and you're serving them and you
experience this magic of exchange
Benjamin constant used to talk about
this and the 1830's how how how commerce
brought to the world a new understanding
of freedom and a new opportunity for us
to find value in each other in service
of each other and can America just
flourished in commerce and that's why
that's why we have you know the the
diversity and this melting pot you call
it and this rich cultural life you know
it's so funny because I'm so keenly
aware of it right now not only because
of the conversations I'm having and
because people are screaming about this
stuff all the time but you know I'm on
this tour with Jordan Pederson and when
I go to every airport that I go to a 90
percent of the time unless someone said
a car for me I take an uber and it's hop
in whatever rubra shows and there is
there there is every single type of
person that looks every which way and
every little or every sexuality and
usually I talk a little bit to them it
you know and it's like man these are
just people I've you know I'm maybe for
the same way you know I live in Atlanta
