[Music]
all right people we are live on the
YouTube I haven't done one of these in a
while just me and you human-to-human
through the tubes of the Internet I'm
very excited today we cracked 600,000
subscribers overnight I suspect
according to our internal metrics that
happen at about 2:00 a.m. Pacific time
and and it's pretty awesome this last
hundred thousand came faster than any
hundred thousand before that the five
hundred thousand mark came faster than
any hundred thousand before that and so
on we've really just grown tremendously
thanks to you guys and and it's pretty
awesome and there's so much good stuff
happening right now with the show with
the conversations we're having with all
these new interesting alliances you know
I said at the beginning of the year the
2018 is going to be the year of unusual
alliances I think there's a ton of
evidence for that already so I'm just
feeling very good about everything
that's going on we shot two shows
already today so I've already done two
both of them we're about an hour and a
half actually interviews today I'm one
of them I'm gonna leave as a as a
surprise although I am gonna tip you
guys off to some upcoming things and
then one of them I'll tell you about in
just a moment because we are expanding
some things we're doing some new new
little bonus things and all sorts of
cool stuff but anyway so in honor of
600,000 subscribers I thought we'd do in
a QA and I'll share some thoughts with
you and all that good stuff you want to
just say anything to me now is your
chance so of course if you are a member
on patreon you get the special benefits
that only a patron gets which is you'll
be bumped up to the top of the line so
if you have any questions you can just
ask in the patreon feed that goes
directly to David and Amira otherwise
you can jump in on super chat and if you
throw a couple bucks or whatever it is
the more you give I guess basically the
easier it is for us to see it and track
it and I have an iPad a fancy iPad from
this little startup company called Apple
and the questions get directly sent to
me so it comes from you and somehow
magically ends up right here in front of
me and we'll do we'll do it for about an
hour
emma is in studio if you're following on
Twitter you saw we
I believe the only interview show in the
world that has a pet bed on set and a
pet in it at this very moment so Emma's
right over there
and yeah there's a lot of cool stuff
going on I'm really feeling good about
things I know if you just listen to most
of the people especially in mainstream
news cable news everyone's hysterical
everything's crumbling everything is
horrible Trump ah it's like I actually
think there's a lot of cool stuff
happening right now and I'm very psyched
so let me just give you a couple couple
little things that are upcoming and then
we'll jump into some of this I see stuff
rolling in already so that's great so
first off one of the interviews I did
today will be aired in February so
during president's week which is
February 17th I believe that to the
Monday we are doing five shows in five
days with five different professors
about five different presidents former
presidents and I don't want to tell you
all the presidents but I interviewed a
professor today all about this Abraham
Lincoln fella and we got into the good
the bad the the nitty-gritty of all of
it we've shot two of those already but
that'll be just a great week and I want
to do more of that kind of thing where
we give you a little historical context
what I'm trying to do with all of these
interviews is not only learn the history
about some of these presidents but also
how we can view them through a 20-18
lens what would they be electable or
popular or interested in politics in
2018 you know and some of that's
obviously you know a little bit of
conjecture and you have to kind of well
it's up to the person sitting across
from me to tell me what they think but
getting great scholars in here and just
doing five shows like that that's sort
of like we've done YouTube week in the
past and and we're going to try to do
more of that kind of thing one other
thing I want to tip you off to before we
jump into the QA is that I forget what
day it is but January 31st I guess
that's probably next Tuesday if I'm not
mistaken but someone who correct me
January 31st we will crash the internet
because on this very channel right here
we will have Jordan Peterson and Ben
Shapiro in studio so I'm incredibly
psyched about that I'm gonna try to do
this in a completely different way where
we're not going to just talk about sort
of the standard political stuff that
we're talking about I've got a couple
ideas that I think are really going to
be different than a lot of the things
that you're
these two guys obviously Jordan and Ben
are out there all the time they're both
on fire I love the fact that they've
caught fire I think there's some places
of agreement and disagreement that's
completely irrelevant I just love that
they've so caught in the zeitgeist of
what's happening right now obviously
Jordan in particular after that channel
for news thing which was just so beyond
ridiculous
which you know it's sort of interesting
I'm sure many of you saw this where the
the interviewer who was very unprepared
and I know what it's like to be an
interviewer she basically was trying to
imply that his right to free speech is
less than someone in this case a trans
person's right to be not offended and he
just dealt with it so beautifully and I
think it actually will be looked back
years from now as one of the seminal
moments in sort of what's happening with
the Free Speech Movement and with
liberalism and all of the stuff that
we're talking about all the time sort of
like the sam harris ben affleck gross
and racist thing was i think another one
of those that bubbled up into mainstream
was ben shapiro with piers morgan about
guns but occasionally this group of
people that Eric Weinstein has coined
the term intellectual dark web and I see
that kind of catching along that this
crew that you guys are watching online
and listening to and all that that this
crew is out there and we occasionally
we're bubbling into mainstream I don't
even think we need them anymore I get
all kinds of offers at this point I
don't really even want them but I think
it's cool that there's some sort of
interesting crossover stuff happening
right now and all right let's jump into
some questions holy schmoly they're
flying in super chat you are the most
truthful interviewer on YouTube not a
question but I appreciate it I do the
best I can
I tried well I don't lie to you and I
try not to you know fudge facts or I
tell you what I think and if I screw up
occasionally okay and as some of you
guys know there have been times where I
have screwed something up and we you
know we pre-tape we don't always go live
as we're going right now and my guys
will say to me after you know do you
want to get rid of that and I never do
because alright I'm human I screwed up
something there there's one thing I
don't even need to mention it to get the
trolls to start the feeding frenzy but
there's one thing that I really screwed
up on a factual thing which I did
address in the comments right down below
but we left it there and it's like
alright I'm human I'm human okay
will you have Glenn back on again
absolutely I really enjoyed that
conversation with Glenn when we had him
in here was it about a year ago already
Wow time flies
I think Glenn is a good guy he's had an
interesting kind of navigation of what
he is and where he is politically over
these last couple years as so much as
has kind of changed but certainly on the
libertarian stuff and the small
government stuff and your individual
liberty and to live your life as you see
fit Glenn and I certainly agree on a lot
of that stuff most of it and yeah I
think the blaze is actually doing a
profile piece on me they interviewed me
you know very leery of interviews at
this point or at this point when
BuzzFeed or any of these places reach
out to me I pretty much just ignore it
but a buzz feeI sorry a blaze writer
reached out to me seemed like a great
guy we did our due diligence I sat in
here with it for with him for a couple
hours and I think we're doing a photo
shoot and I sounds like they're gonna do
a fair spread on me but we shall see
would you or have you considered
inviting Penn Jillette I'd love to have
Penn Jillette we've had a couple back
and forth with him David maybe can let
me know where we're at with that big
time libertarian I briefly met him for a
split second when I spoke at the reason
rally in DC about a year and a half ago
I'd love to have him on Penn if you're
watching this let's do it man come on
now what are you doing over there
super chat hey Dave will you be having
Thomas Sola on your show at some point
yes I have his advance copy of his new
book which I think drops in about two
and a half weeks I have so many books
that people are upcoming guests you're
sending me I've got Steven Pinker's book
over here and a couple of others
we're just waiting to work out the all
the logistics with with dr. Sol
obviously he doesn't do a ton of
interviews at this point I believe he's
86 years old but probably the most
influential classical liberal thinker
sort of in the modern day or at least in
that certainly in that top tier that
goes without saying he's up at Stanford
so what we're gonna do for that is what
we did with I can't even say it but
we're gonna can't say that there's a
reason I can't say it just let it be but
we're gonna do an on-location shoot at
Stanford University with dr. Tsao and
I'll try to get some other people that
are in the San Francisco area because we
have to rent a studio I gotta fly my
guys up there and and hotels and all
that and that by the way is fully funded
by you guys that support us on patreon
because per video we certainly don't
make any of that real money back and so
you guys absolutely enable us to do that
by the way speaking of monetization
which I'm happy to talk about if you
guys want to get into it all my
interview for tomorrow is with a guy
named max Eluga beer max an old friend
of mine who has a great book coming out
soon called genius foods and he's doing
all this stuff on brain health and food
and diet and exercise and I'm in the
middle of this paleo thing right now so
it was a great time to be interviewed I
also wanted to get away from politics a
little bit this week anyway we just
looked on our back end and it's already
demonetized it's a video about food and
your brain Wow Wow so we're already
fighting the demonization before it even
goes public but it's just like this the
slew of this thing is just it's just
endless super chat congratulations Dave
I really appreciate the work you do
thank you very much
super chat are you gonna go on louder
with Crowder again or would you have
Stephen on your show for a longer format
interview absolutely I'm happy to do it
any time that they ask I do Crowder
probably every maybe other month or so
and we were trying to get him here while
he's on this a little break I know their
work and I think they're redoing his
studio but it didn't quite work out but
he's welcome in this chair any time I
really like Stephen I think he reminds
he gets me to sort it back to my old
comedy self which I wanted to talk to
you guys about in a little bit and I did
have him on once when we were on or a TV
this is god this is over two years ago
now and we did it be a Skype and we
didn't really know each other but you
might you might find that interesting
let's see patreon what guests have you
got lined up or hope to in the new year
so as I said Thomas solo we were just
working out the logistics steven pinker
I think we have in March he'll be in
town for a live event with with Sam
Harris middle of March so I think we
have him for that we've got this YouTube
or this president's week situation lined
up we've got Mike Shellenberger who is
running for president in California and
he originally was running as an
independent although was a lifetime
Democrat now he's running as a Democrat
I just found that out and a really
interesting guy who sort of bounces
between sort of the standard democratic
stuff which is kind of you know and the
progressive stuff that I don't love but
also has this really interesting
libertarian streak that I do like I
think sort of fits within the old
classical liberal line of thinking and a
couple other cool things I don't want to
tip everything off right now you know
this isn't by the way one of the ways
that becoming a patron has its rewards I
do tip off people especially in the
small group chats to some of the things
upcoming oh by the way I see a few
people asking we do sell this classical
liberal t-shirt on our on our merch
store it's teespring
it's teespring calm slash rubin report
or they'll get me the exact link i think
i have the link here do i have the link
here oh how about this people just go to
rubin report comm slash store and it'll
send you over there and we've got all
kinds of stuff we got them we got Rubin
report mugs and sweatshirts and and
stickers and whatever else you got there
okay let's see will you have a youtube
week of all liberal or progressive
leaning guests that's an interesting
idea to really try you know just in the
last couple days I've invited Rob Reiner
on the show I invited this guy Greg
Proops who's a lefty comic who compared
me into to Goebbels the Nazi so I
invited him on the show he blocked me on
Twitter that that's an interesting idea
if I could find five progressives in a
row to do something with that you know
it's interesting the way you wrote it
it's I think it's a liberal or
progressive I would still argue but and
I saw someone break this down on
Facebook once that most of my guests
actually are liberal of course it comes
with that first part and that be in
classical classical liberal these days
as I often say defending my liberal
positions is becoming a conservative
value or defending my liberal values is
becoming a conservative position
depending on which way you want to word
it that liberals right now old-school
liberals certainly are having an easier
time working with or talking to
libertarians conservatives and caps
whatever else it is but it's sort of the
far left these that are that are kind of
lining up against all of us but I'm
always open to having those
conversations truly let's see Dave when
will you cover the gun control debate
and are you willing to sit down with big
names in the Second Amendment
communities such as Tim from Mac so I
don't know Tim specifically we haven't
done the ton on guns but i but i touch
on it with a whole bunch of different
guests i think the most we ever did was
with antonio Okafor who I love Antonia I
think she's really great she's a rising
star by the way in in conservatism or
Republican politics whatever you want to
call it and she really is talking about
why young black women have to arm
themselves to be safe it's an
interesting employee not employees and
it's an interesting play on how this
conversation is framed and she's really
taking the power back to herself and and
I just really I really like her
can you flex those beautiful biceps for
us what's going on there this is this a
flex let how am I doing here that's not
bad that's not bad look at that all
right
that's a you know among all this
grass-fed butter with this paleo thing I
think it's going right to the muscles
okay let's see hey Dave really love your
work been watching for a while now keep
it up question do you like cartoons 90
cartoons like duck tails or bonkers well
I don't know what bonkers is but duck
tails was part of the Disney Afternoon
of course now I was born in 76 so by the
time the Disney Afternoon was really in
its heyday I probably should have been
out there doing some other things but
yeah I watch duck tails and tail spin
and gummi bears what else was on that
that Disney Afternoon I watched all that
stuff but my real my real cartoons of my
childhood
definitely Hema and GI Joe and
transformers were were the big three if
I remember correctly transformers and GI
Joe were on back-to-back on weekdays
maybe around 3:00 and 3:30 when was he
man on was he man on it on at 4:00 I
think it was channel 5 before it was Fox
in New York maybe somebody can correct
me on that oh I just watched a great
documentary actually on on Netflix
they've got this new thing it's called
where the toys are or something like
that where they track like just your
favorite toys from the old days so they
do one on he-man that's the one I saw so
far but I think there's one on GI Joe
probably Star Wars and all that it's
it's pretty cool ok oh and by the way
now I have it in front of me for sure
Peterson and Shapiro Jordan Peterson Ben
Shapiro will be in studio together live
for about a two hour live stream we'll
see how long we can go Peterson's got a
live event in LA that night that I will
be attending by the way Wednesday
January 21st at 12 p.m. that's our live
stream Peterson's event is is that night
oh I'm sorry
January 31st sorry this thing's moving
fast because you guys are asking me a
lot of questions okay patreon have you
ever considered having guests discuss
simple subjects to focus on how
constructive you can make a conversation
over the little things I believe one can
have the right to the right thing to say
but the wrong way to go about it that's
interesting you know I think I think in
general we've done a pretty good job of
that like getting people to just sit
down and explain what they believe but I
think what your question really is is
getting to the heart of what is so wrong
with almost everything right now that
people can agree on basic things we're
always at each other's throats that's a
good idea to kind of pick some really
basic topics maybe that are outside of
the the political realm and and dive
into them that's a good idea let me
think about that I will make note of it
oh by the way so this past weekend you
know I've been telling you guys that
I've wanted to get back into stand-up
for a long time so if you don't know I
did stand-up for about twelve years in
New York City and we took down all my
old videos because I just didn't you
know it was like my formative years a
lot of it was sort of topical stuff I
just didn't want it all on on YouTube
and it's it's not that relevant to the
me of today but anyway because I think
stand-up unfortunately if you look on
Twitter just most of these mainstream
comics it become so hyper partisan and
lefty progressive and it's just
dribbling they're screaming all the time
and telling everyone that they're racist
they're not winning with comedy right
like what would George Carlin be doing
these days you think he'd be bitching
and moaning and demanding books like
