[Music]
one of the things we consistently talk
about here at the Rubin report is why
it's important to judge people as
individuals and not as a collective you
as an individual are much more than your
immutable characteristics be it your
skin color your religion or your
sexuality to judge you on those
characteristics is actually what the
essence of prejudice really is prejudice
of course means to prejudge so if you
look at a black person or a Muslim
person or a gay person and think that
you know what they think or more
importantly how they should think based
on those characteristics then you are
actually the one who's being prejudiced
sadly many of the people who accuse
others of bigotry and racism these days
are often the people who practice this
brand of prejudice the most without even
realizing that they're doing so just
look at some of the things that my
friends larry elder Maajid Nawaz and
ayaan Hirsi Ali are called
by the so called tolerance side when you
look at a group of people and you think
you know what they should think or
what's best for them based on those
outward characteristics and not what's
going on in their own minds you not only
lock people into your preconceived
notions of what they are but stifle the
voices of the minorities within these
minorities this is why the voices of
black conservatives and gay Muslims for
example are so relevant and interesting
today if you really listen to these
minorities within the minorities you
will judge these people on their
thoughts their logic and their reason
instead of simply how they look or who
they love in a way the very existence of
these free thinkers within these
minority communities flips identity
politics on its head showing the flaws
of this postmodern intersectional way of
thinking just see how quickly those who
preach identity politics turn on black
or Latino people who have conservative
political beliefs or how easily they
dismiss gays or women who dare talk
about how poorly they're treated in
Islamic societies identity politics only
works if you believe that the most
important quality about each of us are
the attributes which we are born with
thus cannot change rather than the ideas
which we come to learn I view this
twisted ideology as a true
essential danger for the tolerant and
liberal albeit flawed country that
America is Martin Luther King Junior's
desire for his children to be judged by
the content of their character and not
the color of their skin is being
undermined by the very people who
purport to be the tolerant ones
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty today and joining me is
the CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College
Fund Johnny C Taylor the organization
represents nearly three hundred thousand
students who attend the 47 historical
black colleges in America today
I heard Johnny speak at an event in
Dallas a couple months ago and was blown
away by his passion his commitment to
educating young people and his desire to
move past identity politics we're going
to talk about politics race and much
more has the role of the black college
changed as we've become a more fair and
just society that's just one of the many
questions I'll ask Johnny and I'll only
judge him by the content of his answers
not the color of his skin
[Music]
we're continuing our partnership with
learn liberty today and joining me is
the president and CEO of the Thurgood
Marshall scholarship fund the only
national organization representing the
nearly three hundred thousand students
attending America's 47 historically
black colleges Johnny C Taylor welcome
to the Reuben report so glad to be here
I got to tell you man I and I just did
tell you but now I'll repeat it since
the cameras are on you we've been doing
this thing with learn Liberty for a
little over a year so and they've sent
us some great authors and professors and
thinkers I've never requested any one
you sir
are the first person I requested because
I saw you speak a couple months back at
a conference for academics had to do a
lot about free speech and liberty and
all sorts of things and you gave the
keynote address on the final night and I
thought this guy is possibly the most
passionate speaker I've ever seen in my
life thank you
where does that passion come from well
let's start there before we even talk
about what you do just the passion that
you had I was just like that I gotta get
that guy on the show so yours
interesting I spent my career in the
entertainment space the media space
Paramount Pictures Spelling
entertainment blockbuster entertainment
so all of
life was doing that kind of stuff making
money that's right but I always had this
yearning for the community and and how
higher education could play into in you
know sort of fixing what was going on in
my community and I say the community I
mean all of Americans but particularly
african-americans and there were so many
conversations that didn't occur weren't
allowed to occur and so I took this new
role at the Thurgood Marshall College
Fund representing black colleges I
didn't attend a black college I often
say I'm a beneficiary of it because so
many of my teachers and doctors and
lawyers did but I didn't my parents
didn't attend a black college but I
thought this was such an opportunity to
come in and really begin to influence
how young people you know our future
leaders how they think about the world
and then to challenge them my legal
education by definition sort of taught
me to challenge the status quo to be
able to argue both sides or in some
instances three sides of any argument
and so that's what came from I really I
don't sleep at night sometimes thinking
about where America is headed and that's
where the passion comes from I'm
genuinely concerned about where we're
going yeah I feel that too and we kind
of hit that a little bit before now we
got to do it all over right now tell me
a little bit more about your resume
before we get to what you've been doing
these last couple years because yeah you
just mentioned some of us up I mean
you've got a pretty prime your Lincoln's
got to be pretty fast in the last
somewhat like eight pages that's right
god is good but tell me a little bit
about that because I think it does form
sort of you know how you end up sitting
across from me here yes so I began my
career well let me back up I did the
undergraduate work in the University of
Miami I'm a born and raised in Florida
so I'm for you I gotta give my shout out
to my school and even I finished school
went to law school in Iowa Drake
University and I came back to South
Florida to practice at a big law firm
Janet Reno was one of my was the first
female partner so I'm hating myself it
takes your way back yeah and then began
my practice sat on a plane one day now
met a I did not know at the time a
billionaire wayne Huizenga who had this
small little business called blockbuster
that he was building I went in as the
third lawyer on staff and
we went through this huge acquisition
spree and you know you remember
blockbuster was on every corner yeah so
did that Vikon bought us so I've spent
my time as a lawyer as an HR executive
and then ultimately once Vikon bought us
and worked for Sumner at Viacom Sumner
Redstone and then my last corporate gig
was running a business a subsidiary for
Barry Diller in New York so I literally
have had all the back office functions
and then ran front line operator running
a business for Barry yeah came to TMC up
in 2010 as the CEO so you've been doing
this for now about seven years and
you're actually about to shift onto
something else which will which we'll
get to a little later yes but tell me a
little bit about what the scholarship
fund actually does what is the purpose
because I know a certain amount of
people because I know a lot of your
thoughts on on the diversity memo and
all that stuff it almost sounds counter
to what the Thurgood Marshall
scholarship fund might do right so the
college fund was actually created by the
way we were created as the scholarship
fund Thurgood Marshall scholarship fund
about a decade ago we changed the name
to broaden the remit to the College Fund
so they're good Marshall college fund
and we really only do four things
scholarships we provide scholarships for
the absolutely most talented students so
this is not sort of a social services
feel-good for kids who didn't get a shot
K through 12 these are the brightest
kids who frankly just have money not
what they need so scholarships that are
needed and sort of need and merit-based
then capacity building we've talked with
our schools a lot about there was a time
when HBCUs captive market if you were
black anyone to go to college you
attended a black college well everything
changed be careful what you pray for we
asked for diversity we got it we asked
for integration we got it and so now
black students have options and so black
colleges the historically black colleges
have got to step up so the second thing
is to build their capacity to be
attracted the third thing that we do is
government affairs I mean a lot of
advocacy and policy work to make sure
that we're not making emotional
decisions we want to do what is good for
our communities and what's good for this
country those are really the three
things that we focus on as as a fund and
that's
work that we do and the thing that that
most of the folks frankly don't realize
is historically black colleges are not
EBC use they're not exclusively black
colleges in fact or currently four of
our member schools aren't majority white
really majority white so they are still
historically black colleges because the
H is historically black no necessarily
currently black yeah so West Virginia
State in Bluefield State College both in
West Virginia Lincoln University in
Missouri Kentucky State these are
schools that while technically are not
technically are actually HBCUs are have
more white students than black students
and those are some of the things that
people don't understand this is not
about race per se yeah
how much battling is there over what it
means to be historically black versus
currently diverse because I would
imagine you've got you know ideas and
and academics and administrators who are
probably pretty entrenched in keeping
things just looking at it by numbers not
necessarily diversity of thought that's
and all that so you must be dealing with
that constant oh you have no idea ugly
and it's interesting because I'm
surprised and I know we'll talk about
some of this but I'm surprised at the
number you'd like to think millenials
you know we think Millennials and we
group the men in their open and they're
diverse in their well I was surprised
we've had some students really not
faculty not alumni but students 18 your
19 year olds take great issue with the
fact that the institutions are more
diverse than they were they wanted to
come to an all-black institution anyway
get there and realize that we have
international students and white
students and Hispanic students they
really push back so that's been a real
surprise to me yeah how do you break
through that well you you continue first
of all you explain to them that HBCU is
not EB C you then you start with it and
then you also then explain I find myself
to often times when I'm talking to them
saying let me just put yourself in this
situation so just recently one of our
campuses really what does a group of
students were really upset because in
fact it was all of the national news
well students came on the campus of
Howard University wearing the make
America great again oh yeah that's right
and I said I just wanted the student
leaders that pull to the status I don't
want you just for a second to ask me how
you think this would play out group of
black students right after Obama
selected go visit Liberty University's
campus they have on the wonderful Obama
t-shirts where they're proud of this new
president and they were literally run
off of campus they were threatened they
were harassed how do you think that will
go over and so what I find myself doing
is just literally put yourself in that
situation and tell me why this is that
different and then you get that pause
that moment by the way that's what
motivates me to do my work because
that's the way you influence the sort of
the narrative yeah and how these young
people think you have to just stop and
say I get how you feel right now
emotionally about this but for just a
second let's flip the script and tell me
how this works and you're smart you're
bright yeah tell me how this works out
that's that's really part of what
motivates me to do the work yeah and
that's what we need more right I mean
because everybody seems hysterics
hysterical over over emotionals that's
like it's see like I can understand that
if I if I was black and I wanted to go
to a historically black college and I
got there and I thought it was gonna be
80% black and I got there and I was like
wait a minute I'm actually still a
minority here the the emotional part I
can understand it being like this
doesn't feel right to me but then when
you hear that and you go what things
actually are changing integration is
really this is this is all good this is
this is the purpose right I'm free to
pray for right you know I often say be
careful what you pray for this is
exactly what we said we wanted is the
opportunity to choose kind of that's
what I can tell you that's what my
great-grandparents yeah that's what my
got in fact Thurgood Marshall himself
well folks don't realize this Thurgood
Marshall didn't choose to go to Howard
University Law School Thurgood Marshall
fact of the matter is applied to the
University of Maryland was denied
admission to that law school well I went
to Howard because it was the college for
black students law students for black
students and so you just have to think
about it he then subsequently brought
lawsuits to actually stop that very
thing again this was an anti HBCU the
message was I want to be able to choose
irrespective of my skin color where I go
to school so all of us should have
predicted that we would be right where
we are today yeah what I find is
young folks just don't understand the
history and then the older people
refused to tell the animist so what's
going on there because I don't play
there is so much nonsense the media is
so complicit in this yes I I don't you
know and identity Pollock says has
become so rooted in everything that I
don't blame the young people who are
misguided yeah I want to get through to
them and and all that it's the other
people that are talking with the older
people and the academics that are afraid
to speak what happened there did you see
it change i I did I saw it you know and
and where when I was in school you're
encouraged to be a little bit of a
provocateur always respectfully you
never there was no no one wanted you to
go out and hurt someone's feelings but
we were encouraged in law school for
example to look at things from all
different sorts of perspectives I was
given a case once where you'd have to
represent the plaintiff and then turn
around and go against that winner
you know defend them so we've just lost
that in education now and I gotta tell
you more and more I'm talking to
students who say you know I feel a
certain way but I know that if I either
utter those my thoughts even in a
question format in the classroom I'd be
attacked by from my professor it would
impact my participation in class Green
that that portion of my grade also and
more importantly what do you say to kids
I say when they say that perhaps you're
at the wrong school I said you got a
vote with your feet College is not about
it's supposed to be a time to explore
and to grow if you already knew what you
needed to know to sort of live in life
and be successful then you don't need to
spend five or six years and hundreds of
thousands of dollars if you aren't the
same person that you walked in the door
at the end of your freshman year then
you were cheated yeah and I tell them
you should challenge the institution and
give you a better education and
sometimes that the way you get better is
to have to confront ideas that you don't
necessarily embrace you don't understand
them one situation that that sort of
comes up and I think it helps my
students a lot understand where I come
from I said you know listen I was an
employment lawyer early in my career and
at that time there was a big question
for example around whether or not gay
lesbian sexual orientation was covered
under title seven okay big question
gender and sex was clear if
you were being discriminated against on
the basis of something else than sort of
sexual orientation that wasn't covered I
actually brought those cases and made
those arguments I defended them that was
not the intent of the Congress and this
was ridiculous
etc even that gender is something that's
innate you're born that way and well gay
and lesbian maybe not so much
fast forward yeah we're here early
that's 1992 ok I think it's important
that's right to context that's right put
it in context now fast forward you began
to evolve and grow you start sitting
down and getting to know people who are
different than you are or that your
family is or that you you just you began
to evolve and it challenges your own
notions of what is right and what is
wrong and maybe you conclude there is no
right or wrong here this is just life
that we're evolving as a human species
kind of even I've had to do that and
there's so many instances of that in my
own life and so when you begin to have
conversations in the context of the
classroom with students you see the
growth that's the beauty that should be
the beauty of it instead what I'm seeing
more and more davidís they're actually
retarding the grad students you're not
encouraged to think you come in thinking
a certain way your professors want you
to think a certain way your institution
wants you to think a certain way but
here's the problem the real problem is
then you go to work and you have to
confront the reality of you know you're
not protected in this bubble you've got
to live and work next to people who
don't look like you and frankly that's a
chalice is something that people talk
about a lot when they talk about black
colleges the only I don't question the
relevancy of HBCUs I think that's a dumb
argument it's a dumb question there is a
fair question
that is posed if you have gone to a
black elementary school middle school
grew up in a black community and then
you went to a black college the first
meaningful interaction that you can add
with people who are not black is in the
workplace you're gonna be at a
disadvantage
yeah just practically speaking and so
you it has some downside tons of upside
by the way being a majority and minority
community black colleges give you a very
