[Music]
joining me today is a guy who doesn't
like Nazis or anti feh and is also the
host of the dogma debate podcast David
Smalley finally welcome to the room
thanks for having me I appreciate it
yeah we've been trying to make this
happen for a couple months yeah you were
writing here on your motorcycle yeah you
burned your finger remember my first
guest I think to be in physical pain I
put some people through mental pain but
I think you're my first injured getting
yeah it's uh it's interesting it was a
little warmer today than I thought it
was gonna be and I pulled over to take
my jacket off and roll it up and I'll
try to stuff it into the saddlebag and
burned my finger on my own exhaust so
right there your your viewers will know
my level of intelligence there's some
sort of metaphor there you burned your
fingers on your own exhaust there's
something there there's something deep
yeah and and it kind of reminds me of on
my way to interview Richard Dawkins for
my podcast yeah I had a motorcycle
accident like someone pulled out in
front of me and I slammed into him on
the way I was still I'm still made it
and did the interview but yeah there's
something going on any time I'm gonna go
do something that I really enjoy doing
something's trying to stop yeah what's
going on there nice someone upstairs
looking at you judging you no not that
no chance I think we'll get into that
we'll get into that a little bit how
long you been doing the motorcycle thing
Oh almost two years now yeah I mean I
rode their bikes for seven eight years
as a kid I actually wrote a dirt bike
before I could ride a bicycle my dad
taught me to ride a to balance on two
wheels on a on a motorcycle so I made
you an atheist right there
no reading the Bible is what made me an
atheist yeah all right so let's start
there so for people who don't know you
at all so you host a show called Dogma
debate I've been a guest on the show we
do very sort of similar thing you
actually are one of the people that I
think is trying to get some answers
you're not trying to be a judgmental
prick that's how's that for a compliment
yeah thank you that's pretty much the
greatest compliment I can nowadays it is
right
no that's that's what I've done yeah
you're trying to explore some things and
you're willing to talk to people you
agree with and disagree with and all
that stuff but your backstory is pretty
interesting because because you are an
atheist now but you grew up as an
evangelical Christian it was in the
music men talk about it yeah I was in
the music ministry I was a drummer
usually for all-black gospel churches
now if you've never listened to that
music you've you're missing out I still
love it I still enjoy it the the the
all-black choirs oh man there's
something about it I mean it's uplifting
it's awesome that the message is
positive there's a lot of fun there
the music's more like a blues and funky
jazz oriented sort of style what I did
play a few times for the white churches
it was so boring they didn't want me to
use regular sticks they wanted me to use
the little nylon brushes no the the
black churches let me go all out they
had a you know bass guitarist and
keyboard and those are some of the the
greatest times of my life I was a part
of the ministry and then my pastor had
me go door knocking you know and to tell
people about Jesus Christ and I'm on my
mission doing this I say mission I
wasn't Mormon but I was on my mission of
winning souls and I knocked on this
lady's door and I said I'd like to talk
to you but our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ and she said honey you need Jesus
and slam the door in my face and
standing there staring at her door I
thought what if she's right what if she
has the right version of Jesus and I'm
walking around this neighborhood telling
people something that's not true yeah
how old were you at this point I was
about 17 16 somewhere around there and
so maybe 15 maybe a little younger and I
remember thinking what if I'm leading
people away from Christ and so you know
it's actually started when I was
baptized I thought I'm not good enough
to be a Christian I'd better figure this
stuff out like they've given me the
uniform and sent me out on the field and
I don't know any of the plays I don't
know what we're doing I don't know if I
have the truth and so I started thinking
how do I know my little small town in
Texas that church
we're the ones going to heaven and
everyone else has it wrong yeah how do I
know right and what if that lady's right
what if what if what if I need Jesus and
she has the right version so I thought
you know what there's a lot of confusion
around this
I want to get so close to God that I can
solve these problems I want to make sure
I can I can lead people the right way
and so I started literally reading the
Bible cover-to-cover I talked with
theology professors I talked with
pastors I talked with friends who were
Christians and I got so close I saw that
there wasn't one and that this book is
very much left up to interpretation and
then I started sort of going all these
people who claim to believe have they
asked these questions how do they know
they have the right version of Jesus and
it was a 14-year journey for me this was
not you know oh I had a traumatic event
in my life so I threw at my aunts and
said God why do you I didn't have a
lieutenant day in moment no no I was
like screw you right it was much more of
an intentional process of I want to know
God I want to be close to God I didn't
feel good enough to be a Christian why
you on a boat in Louisiana during the
storm we could get you to have a
lieutenant Dan Roman maybe so maybe
maybe so I'll probably cursing it I
don't know Thor in that moment right so
it's interesting though because your
evolution out of religion was through
reading religious texts where I think a
lot of people have a sort of leap of
faith moment but rarely does that have
to do with reading text you know to me
the people that are even becoming more
religious they have that leap of faith
whatever that personal experience is for
them but I wonder how many people
actually read the full text and go one
way or the other
yeah I think I think meaning that you
were informed about what you were doing
and I think a lot of people just kind of
check out either way they make a
decision without necessarily reading
everything I think most atheists that
I've talked to and I've had my show for
almost six years I've talked with tons
of atheists although I try to make my
show mostly about talking with believers
and people who I would fundamentally
disagree with but I would say most
people who get into the faith do it
because of a mentor in their lives
there's some pastor or a preacher or
some charismatic leader who will use a
Bible verse and say here's a teachable
moment and they use that Bible verse and
then they talk about it or do a sermon
on it in some way that you leave there
feeling oh wow that
that was speaking directly to me well
the reason you feel that it's not
because the Bible itself was speaking
directly to you it's because the the
charismatic trained preacher used that
Bible verse as a motivational speech
ignition and so that's what it really
turns into so whenever you leave Church
feeling good it's it's on purpose but if
you go back and read all of the verses
especially the ones the preachers skip
over right that's where you start to go
await a minute that doesn't sound like
this loving God I thought I was
worshiping so that's where it started to
break down I think people will convert
into religion for mostly emotional
reasons but I would say for the most
part people who leave the faith do so
informed as I did I think they start
looking into it and going this doesn't
add up to this is there a scientific
answer for what I used to think was
metaphysical and then they get informed
in science and then go wait a minute
it's not that I don't like God it's that
God is irrelevant we don't need God in
order to answer a lot of these questions
and I don't know it's still okay I
normally don't offer my guests a guest
in the middle of the show but have you
had Andrew clay been on by anything I
have not so I'm gonna connect you with
Andrew Clavin he's a really interesting
guy born Jewish then was an atheist most
of his life and then became Christian
and talk so I think you'd have a senior
in lacs here in LA he's multiple-time
guest on the Rubin report and I'm gonna
kick him over to you I usually do more
politics with him so I think and I've
done some of that but I think you know I
think you'll dig it so when you when you
had this awakening so to speak can
people describe it as an awakening if
it's opening - I'm solid a yeah yeah I'm
fine so when you had that awakening had
the family take it like what was it like
for you first like were you like oh man
but was I following a lie you know you
know at first I was reading online and I
found my first atheist online and it was
Frank Ziegler for people who don't know
who he is look him up he said he speaks
a million languages the guy's brilliant
he's he's awesome and he he was doing a
radio debate this was a transcript from
a radio debate in 1989 and it was with a
Christian geologist and he's an atheist
geologist and they were debating Noah's
Flood this idea that there was actually
a real flood and he said something is so
funny there's something so small
he asked the guy I was reading the
transcript because this was in early
2000 or late 90s that I was reading this
was at least 10 years old he asked the
guy he said why did God only save the
land animals in the flood and the
Christian geologists had no answer for
it and then Frank said well you do
realize that that amount of fresh water
falling into the oceans would have
diluted the pH levels to the point that
marine life would have died too
so why didn't God tell us to save the
marine life as well and he said unless
of course the entire story is fabricated
and those people didn't know the
difference between ocean water and rain
water and that I just thought how come
no one's ever thought of this and so
that was like an aha moment for me and I
just went it was kind of like a boy
raised by wolves seeing his first human
going oh that's what I am that's why
none of this stuff makes sense to me
that's why I can't lick my own privates
I don't mind my body doesn't work that
way you know and so you try you could
try and then some talented people I'm
sure can accomplish it but the average
person can't yeah and so that you know
that's what I'm like that was my mom I
felt relieved I wasn't scared I wasn't
angry I finally just felt I'm not alone
there are other people out there that
question this stuff and so when I first
told my mom I never said I'm an atheist
I said I'm not a Christian anymore I
just casually told her over the phone
and she was like well why not and I said
I've just been reading a lot of the
Bible have you read this verse have you
read that she's like no I never read
that I never read that no okay and I
just left it at that and she didn't
offer a lot of pushback and I'm one of
the lucky ones
some people get thrown out of their
homes their college education cutoff
there they're not allowed to talk to
their families anymore you know Leah
Remini is doing this thing on
Scientology where people are literally
cut off from their families Jehovah's
Witnesses are very similar they won't
let you talk to people outside of the
cult it's it's really you know divisive
and so when my mom started to complain
about how churches were doing this I
knew the Bible very well and I just said
mom listen in the Bible in Matthew 10:34
Jesus says do not think that I came to
bring peace on earth I did not come to
bring peace I came to bring division to
set a man against his father a daughter
against her mother a man's enemies will
be those in his own household I said so
regardless of what denomination one
Jesus is successful at dividing families
and we have this commandment you shall
honor your father and mother Luke 14:26
says if you don't hate your mom and dad
you can't be my disciple so he was a
cult leader leading people away from
their families just like Jehovah's
Witnesses just like David Miscavige with
with Scientology they're leading people
away from their families and trying to
divide and I'm more about bringing
people together with humanism than
dividing based on religion yeah it's so
interesting too because although I
haven't read all three of them cover to
cover the New Testament is actually I'm
pretty sure it's by far the most
peaceful of the big three right of the
Old Testament the Quran and the New
Testament the New Testaments probably
the most peaceful but yet they're still
reading out yeah well there's still
quite a bit of horrible things in there
Romans 1:26 through 32 still says gays
are worthy of death and anyone who
supports gays are worthy of death this
is New Testament it mentions Ephesians
says slaves obey your earthly masters so
we still have an approval of slavery in
the New Testament and the New Testament
is also where Jesus is saying if you
don't hate people you can't follow me if
you don't have a sword sell your cloak
and buy one it's he's very much a
violent cult leader you know what I mean
so the New Testament does have some you
know the greatest commandment of all
love your neighbor as yourself
love your enemy feed your enemy but
that's ones contradictory to a lot of
the other verses in there so when you
talk about this stuff now you know that
my audience is pretty much all over the
spiritual matter the the secular map the
political map all of that really I
thought you were a conservative show
yeah in furn all right maniac all right
Nazi sympathizing conservative shield
that's what I read well I'm pretty sure
we're in some of the same knot are you
these days are you telling me that
there's stuff on the internet that's not
true can you believe that I don't
believe it it's not I can really nuts so
my audience though is all over the place
in every way and that and I love it
you know because sometimes people say
y'all have Reubens selling out for these
people are that people I'm like I
literally completely the truth I would
not even know which way to sell out
trying to which I'm not trying to
obviously but I mention this because
what I think is interesting is that I
have a lot of people that are
and conservatives that email me and
they'll say I they'll just be like you
know I never heard a liberal that was
sort of tolerant of us because I do try
to be tolerant of you know I've had
Christian conservatives on the show and
I I try to be as tolerant of anyone as
they will be of me it's it's a two-way
street as sure so when when my audience
that's a Christian conservative out
there is listening to this they're gonna
be on their back heels obviously here in
some of that stuff so how do you go
about bridging that divide I bridge that
with questions I don't necessarily want
to come at you and say here's everything
wrong with your religion let me just
talk directly to them for a moment I'll
tell them everything that you love about
your religion I love that too the the
peace the helping the less fortunate
the loving your neighbor the accepting
everybody a lot of people think that
when I say I'm an atheist or if I'm
arguing against Christianity that that's
what I'm trying to take from you I'm not
trying to take that I want you to
embrace that I love that too more than
likely the things that I dislike about
your religion are things that you're not
aware of that that live within your
religion things that are buried within
your holy book that you would make you
uncomfortable I just bring it to the
surface and say how do you reconcile a
loving God with this with the story of
Jobe with we just did a whole podcast on
the story of Java what am i what am i I
have have this quite a few now Christian
followers on patreon who or follow me on
Twitter who support me on patreon and
they they want to come on the show and
have discussions and so I ask questions
and bring things to light to say how do
you how do you worship a God that said
slavery was okay and they'll go out that
was indentured servitude okay except
that's not so great dude but well yeah
that that's in there but there's another
part in there in Leviticus I think it's
25 44 through 46 that specifically says
you can buy Hebrew slaves from among you
you can pass them down to your children
you can own them forever as property
that's not indentured servitude that's
slavery it talks about how often you can
beat your slaves so what I do is how I
bridge the gap is I ask the question how
do you walk around day to day being a
good person and then justify horrific
actions to me that's the embodiment of
evil
you said what is evil you're an atheist
now you have no basis for morality yeah
well hold on we do have human harm we do
have human for flourishing these are
facts of reality the mechanism by which
to judge that I would say is John Rawls
veil of ignorance put yourself behind
the veil to remove your own bias and
decide it should rape be okay
are you the victim are you the rapist
should poverty be okay are you the one
in poverty or are you the billionaire
you know you can you can look at it and
go if I'm behind the veil of ignorance
and don't know what I'm gonna be on the
other side then you can make an unbiased
objective call on it and so whenever I
try to remove that piece of it try to
remove the the bias from it it really
comes down to me going there was a god
at one point that said slavery was okay
that in 1st Samuel 15-3 told Saul to go
kill infants he said go kill the babies
the nursing infants go kill them how do
you as a good person say I can't wait to
get to heaven and worship that dude how
do you reconcile that how do you so in
some ways do you think it almost doesn't
matter what's in the text specifically
it's only what people act on so for in
other words there's good you know for
however many Jews that are out there
there's not that many that believe in a
literal interpretation of the Bible
there are probably less Christians right
now that believe in a literal
interpretation than maybe twenty years
ago right I think it's a little bit
different right now with Islam and
Muslims just from just from those gross
and racist pupils that there are people
there is a disproportionate amount of
people but obviously not all and
obviously not most right and all that
some better believing in a literal
interpretation so in some ways they can
all have bad things but it's really
about how the people act not it right
like because we all have those things
where we take sort of because they also
vote they also teach their children that
you know demons are watching them at
night and there's this huge chess game
of struggle between good and evil and
that if you do something bad the devil
made me do it and if you do something
good God gets the credit I think there
are things that are mental child abuse
