[Music]
dave rubin is a talk show host comedian
and TV personality as many of you know
the host of the pop of the youtube talk
show the rubin report dave regularly
addresses big ideas such as free speech
political correctness and religion among
many other high-profile guests on the
show david interviewed sam harris ayaan
Hirsi Ali and Larry elder and we also
have yarn Brook here tonight you're on
Brook is the chairman of the board of
Iran Institute renowned best-selling
author and hosted the nationally
syndicated Iran Brook show which
broadcasts live on blog talk radio and
YouTube Brook is also an internationally
sought speaker whose talks from
capitalism inequality Iran in her
philosophy which you all know to be
objectivism Brook was born and raised in
Israel served as a first sergeant in the
Israeli military intelligence and earned
a Bachelors of Science and civil
engineering from the Technion in Israel
Institute of Technology and Haifa Israel
he moved to the United States and
received his MBA and PhD in finance from
the University of Austin Texas the I'm
Rand Institute fosters a growing
awareness understanding and acceptance
of an Rand's philosophy objectivism in
order to create a culture whose guiding
principles a reason rational
self-interest individualism and less a
fair capitalism student programs are a
major focus of the Institute and include
annual essay contests that award nearly
a hundred thousand dollars in prizes
student conferences student clubs
support seasonal internships and campus
events so if you are interested in that
you can visit Iran org and then one more
thing we wanted to give a big thanks to
our amazing event photographer Albert
Aaron of of Starfall productions he's
available for graduation pictures videos
anything of that sort so at the end of
the event if you'd like to speak to him
right back there Thank You Anthony
president of young Americans for liberty
[Applause]
and I also want to thank Christina who's
president turning-point also campus
coordinator Alex from the Iran from the
hynerian Institute I don't know where
Alex is
but without these great minds in these
great institutions we wouldn't be able
to put this event on so you guys know he
won't came to see no further ado Dave
and you're on alright thank you guys
you probably heard our mics this is just
for the for the feed so we're gonna try
to talk as loudly as possible
first off I'm very excited to be here I
just had my first-ever police escort to
a bathroom so I guess that means I've
met it you live now now you've live now
I've lived I mean there are police out
there I usually only do these events
either with 20 police officers or a
former IDF soldier so we've got does not
know Krav Maga you do not know problem
we're in a lot of trouble all right well
thank you guys for for coming out we're
gonna talk about ideas and we're gonna
talk about free speech we're gonna talk
about the role of government first off
we are putting this on my youtube
channel so can you crazy conservatives
Republicans Objectivists whatever you
consider yourselves can you make some
noise for the people watching
[Applause]
all right very well I'm actually shy I
mean I recognize a lot of you guys from
some of the the events through a RI and
and turning point that I've done lately
so it's just amazing to me that for as
as crappie as everything seems on
college campus these days you guys are
out here to talk about ideas Your Honor
I had about an hour in the car to do
this I think we've already given this
the talk to each other we're really open
right now we're willing to kind of take
this in any direction we're gonna try to
push and pull on each other a little bit
but we don't really have an agenda here
but I think originally this was set up
to be about about limited government
which is one of your big things I'll let
you kick it off and then we'll see but
we want you guys to interact we're gonna
do about 45 minutes of us talking and
then we're gonna do questions totally
uncensored from you guys so you're on
take it away
sure and and I'm gonna swivel a little
bit because you all over the place so
yeah the role of government so you know
we were talking in the car coming in
here and one of the interviews that dave
has done recently with Steven Pinker and
I don't know if you've read his latest
book enlightenment now let me just
endorse it right now you know the things
I disagree in the book but the book is
phenomenal and everybody everybody in
the planet should be reading this book
he's endorsing a big lefty by them yeah
big lefty right and one of the things
that pink identifies easy he goes
through a whole series of chapters we
tells us how good life is right now on
planet earth it's never been better
and he's absolutely right life
expectancy poverty rates a hunger all of
these things we're in a better situation
today than we've ever been before and he
identifies the cause of that and the
cause he says is basically human
ingenuity ideas the application of human
reason in solving problems now how is
this related to the role of government
because you ask yourself what kind of
environment allows for the thriving of
human reason what kind of environment
allows
for ideas not just to be thought of but
then implemented in reality and brought
into existence and what you realize
quickly it in if you study the history
this is exactly what happened is that
for ideas for people to come up with
ideas for people then to implement ideas
to make them a reality they need to be
free they need to be free you can't have
it when the Catholic Church is telling
you I don't know the Sun goes around the
earth it doesn't work the other way
around you you can't have it when some
autocrat tells you what to think or what
to do what business you can open or what
business you can't open you need to be
free free to think sometimes ridiculous
ideas that fail but then you fail that's
okay
but for the successful ideas to work
people have to have the freedom to try
them and to go out and do them and then
so freedom of what right because freedom
is a would everybody loves right
nobody's against freedom but freedom
from what well freedom means freedom
from coercion freedom for force freedom
from Authority and if you think about
what that means it really is the concept
that the founding fathers described as
individual rights wights really other
recognition that each individual is
should be free free from coercion free
to live their life as they see fit free
to think and to speak and to act as they
see fit as long as they're not harming
other people they have the right to
pursue the rational values necessary for
their own existence and they like and
therefore what the only role of
governor's I see it is to make that
freedom a reality and to make that
freedom reality what we need is to it's
the extract force when we get together
to make sure that you guys you know this
is why we have the police here right
don't attack me because of what I'm
saying right that's it
so we need freedom from force so they're
all the government is basically that
it's to guarantee that we can say what
we want to say do what we want to do and
otherwise leave us alone so police and
military and the judiciary and that kind
of environment is what fosters the kind
of creativity that has made
and and the the the production that has
made this world such an amazing world so
yeah it's it's simple so I love that one
of the things he said there was freedom
to think because you guys are in college
this is where you're supposed to learn
how to think and unfortunately what's
happening obviously on most college
campuses these days is that thinking is
sort of becoming an outlier in in what's
going on so it's interesting he
references your own references Steven
Pinker's book steven pinker again as I
said he's a lefty I think he would
probably say he's a progressive who
would disagree with you on virtually
every political topic and that's what I
think is so cool about what's happening
these days and I think it's probably why
you guys watch my show or you're
involved in in this whole thing that's
happening right now the example I like
is if you take two guys that I'm sure
you guys are familiar with ventia puro
and Sam Harris these guys disagree on
literally every political topic there is
from forget political topic they
disagree on the most existential
questions of the universe right whether
whether God exists and the value of
religion to abortion to taxes to
literally just down the line what
whatever you attack did the whole thing
get their allies now because there is a
massive realignment happening that if
you will agree on defending free speech
defending someone's ability to think and
live their life for themselves that in a
pluralistic society we're actually
supposed to disagree on those things so
I think that's a beautiful thing right
there but unfortunately we're sort of
only seeing tolerance one way these days
yeah and and and that the beauty of this
alliance is two things one is this idea
of freedom freedom of speech freedom of
thought but the second is that the
standard for truth is reason the reason
is the way in which we communicate
reason is the way in which we deal with
one another it you know it's not my god
versus your God and my revelation versus
your revelation no even if you're
religious like let's say Jordan Peterson
maybe is nobody's actually sure maybe
even though maybe even Jordans not
exactly sure well I'm going on tour with
them so there you go you'll find out
yeah but you know at the end of the day
the standard is reality the standard is
right and and the beauty of Steven
Pinker in his book is well yeah I think
there's some inconsistencies there some
ways in which he abandons reasons but he
venerates the idea of reason of reality
based thinking of facts and the same on
many issues ben shapiro right even when
we talk about politics or whether
there's a disagreement on politics we
agree that the standard should be what
is true what is actually in reality but
that that's why I think there's
something actually special going on here
and if you look here right we've got the
young Americans for liberty this is a
libertarian organization obviously
Turning Point USA a lot of their their
main guys or Trump supporters you're
you're not a trump supporter as an
understatement I voted for Gary Johnson
and I should be judged accordingly Gary
Johnson by the way he is the first
person that actually ever made me
question whether we'd should be legal or
not because the man could not remember
anything true but but this shows you
that there's a diversity of idea
happening right now on what I would say
is basically the sort of center-right
basically that I we could get into some
of our political differences I'm happy
to do that but that you guys are here
and that no matter what we say right now
you came because you wanted to hear
about some diverse ideas and
unfortunately I you know I offer this
all the time my next six months year
basically is full with speaking gigs and
not one is from a Democrat organization
or a left organization or a progressive
organization you know I'm gay married
that should have I'm not even gay I just
did it for the cred but but that should
have some cred with these people you
know I'm I'm pro-choice
you know we could go down the list I'm
for some social safety net that I know
we disagree on plenty of those things
that should get me some cred with the
left but unfortunately there there's a
real corruption in there in the side
that is always preaching about tolerance
and what I'm finding and I find it more
and more is I talk to these people who I
have massive disagreements with I'm sure
some of you guys saw Ben Shapiro on my
show where we we disagreed about
abortion and the death penalty
bunch of things but yet you guys invite
us here so that actually does say
something that's that's a real credit to
you and and we just aren't seeing this
on the left do you think it was always
like this
on the left because you I think for
young people and even for me it was yeah
sort of new I don't think it was always
like this on the left I think the left
was better in the past I think I think
the left indeed in many respects that
left was better than the right on the
issue of free speech and the right was
actually a press of a free speech for a
very long time so you're talking about
Berkeley 30 yeah I mean suddenly if you
go back to the 60s and sit but since
then and and and before the 60s there
was it there was definitely a sense in
which the left was much more open to new
ideas and look you know I think you're
more positive on the right than I am
because because you know so if you win a
CPAC this last year and it was a speak
at CPAC who spoke about who is some Cato
the Cato Institute and he said some
positive things about immigration you
would think he just said we should kill
all babies or something the room
exploded they booed him they try to get
him offstage and many of the people are
in that auditorium would have shut him
up if they could have done its I think I
think we were a little too you know too
positive about the rule is some people
on the right I I mean I was at an event
just before the election in Chicago and
this is this was like everybody was over
65 I was like a tea party group and I
was on stage and I said something
positive about immigration I I'm very
positive about immigration you can ask
about that and oh my god these 65 year
olds were standing up and cursing me and
yelling at me and try to get me off the
stage so there's a sudden intolerance
unfortunately Minoo I think it dominates
the left and it's in certain parts of
the right on certain issues and it's
it's scary because because again I mean
I think this group realizes this once
you lose the ability to speak that
basically once yet once your silence
they're basically limiting what you can
think and once you do that there were
right for authoritarianism it really is
the end of what we call Western
civilization which I think America's
still the
cannava still struggling to remain the
beacon of a dis is the issue of our time
there's no more important issue and this
is why this coalition has come together
yeah it's because this is the most
important issue I can think of is the
issue of free speech it Trump's
immigration warfare politics any of
these other issues if you can't speak
then you can't think and if you can't
think it's over I'm curious how many of
you guys saw just in the last couple
weeks the amount of articles from Vox
and salon and and all the usual players
who were sort of mocking the the free
speech fighters did you guys see that
yeah you know we'll do some of this by
applause just so the people at home can
get it did you guys see those articles
yeah I know you don't want to applaud
those articles specifically so that was
a little weird I suppose but I thought
that was really interesting that
suddenly and these again and you may be
right that I've been a little too easy
on elements of the of the right when it
comes to you know right for me it's like
I come from the left so when I see the
right when I see these the race realists
or these people that want America to be
a white state or it to me that is so
ridiculous and they have no
institutional power and they're they're
a bunch of true racists not the way that
racism is thrown at you guys
or at us yeah so to me those people
aren't even worth thinking about or even
it's just irrelevant so but perhaps you
you may be right that I've given them a
little bit of a slide there but what I
would say is it's interesting to me that
suddenly in the last couple weeks
there's been this push on the left media
to mock the free speech people the very
people who will defend these ridiculous
organizations like so on and and Vox to
to print these usually awful things I'm
sure many of you guys saw the articles
written about Jordan Peterson in the
last couple weeks yeah everyone's
nodding and it's like yeah I mean I find
it will defend their right to do it I'm
on the barricades I mean literally on
the barricades and you know I find it
interesting that they they get micro
aggressed I guess or they find offensive
certain things that we say yeah oh by
the way we have a room of puppies
against any of you
offended by any of the hate speech up
here tonight and cuddly teddy bears just
get something alive scares you but you
know but they can they can go after
Jordan Peterson offend him misrepresent
him or misrepresent Iran or missives and
me and we're not we don't we I get AG
rest I mean I get you know I get
triggered and nobody cares right what
about me
right you can insult me and there's like
if I say something on about about them
oh my god they're so sensitive but they
feel complete no problem insulting and
and really being violent against us and
we're supposed to just take it now let
me just say something about this left
right I think one of the reasons I'm
sensitive it in terms a more critical of
the right is because I'm perceived as a
member of the right and Iran is
perceived as belonging on the right and
and my and and I don't want to be I
don't want to be associated with Donald
Trump
I don't want to be associate with some
people on the right so when people right
like Sal Honda's often Trump's Iran
cabinet right I make a special effort to
make it clear that there's no
relationship between anybody on Trump's
cabinet and what Iran really meant so I
am much more sensitive to the nonsense
on the right because people want me to
belong I don't believe I'm on the left
or on the right I'm you know I think
we're like on a slightly different
dimension so I'm I'm clearly much more
sensitive about the right and I also
think I mean that's a whole lot of
question I also I think the right
there's a certain danger there as well
but yeah all right and I also you know
as I'm sure many of you guys have seen I
think these labels are getting
increasingly meaningless left right I'm
sure if we polled all of you guys that
your political opinions would be all
over the place and that's what it's
supposed to be that is what freedom is
supposed to be it's not supposed to be
ingrained into a political party but as
I saw all these articles about about
free speech and and you know they were
supposedly putting out polls that you
know students are more tolerant than
ever and then if you actually read them
it was that they were just intolerant of
racist speech which of course is insane
because they label everything they don't
like racist so it doesn't quite work but
by again by applause which is a little
bizarre how many of you on campus here
have been afraid to either say what you
think politically to a friend or a
faculty member or in class or anything
like that I know it's a weird thing to
