[Music]
joining me today is a senior fellow and
distinguished chair in diplomacy and
security at the RAND Corporation
previously he has held State Department
and White House posts including
Assistant Secretary of State for Europe
special assistant to the president for
the Western Hemisphere special advisor
to the president secretary of state for
the Balkans and ambassador to the
European community he has served under
George W Bush and Bill Clinton and in
2013 he returned to the State Department
to become the Obama administration
Special Representative for Afghanistan
and Pakistan ambassador James Dobbins
welcome to the Rubin report thank you
that was the longest intro I've ever
read yeah well I never could hold a job
yeah we actually cut a little bit out of
that just so that for brevity's sake I
could have done an hour just reading
your resume that is that is quite a
resume how does someone build a resume
like that how did you even get into this
world that would lead to all of those
jobs that we're gonna spend the next
hour talking about well I mean partly
joining the American Foreign Service
gets you a pretty broad spectrum I mean
you're supposed to change jobs every two
or three years change countries change
languages I think my job my pattern is
perhaps been a little more eclectic than
others it's partly luck just being in
the right place at the right time I my
first assignment was to Paris and LBJ
launched the Vietnam peace talks and I
was attached to it just because I was
there and spent a year with Averill
Harriman and Cyrus Stan's trying to
negotiate peace in Vietnam that was just
your serendipity yeah when you look back
at all the years that you've been
involved in this does it seem like
things have changed a lot or in a weird
way have things not changed so much um I
think I think things have changed a lot
in the last year the last years
specifically yeah
after a you know I think 50 years of of
continuity I mean I think the Cold War
was all of a piece things alternated a
fairly narrow band there was a debate
between doves and hawks but it wasn't a
polarized it wasn't a politically
polarized debate the Hawks weren't all
Republicans and the does were all
Democrats quite the contrary you had
many Hawks in the Democratic Party and
doves and the Republicans and so the
debate was of a different character so I
and although the world seems more
complex there are 170 countries there
when I started there were only 40 or so
if you look back at the kinds of
problems that Harry Truman faced at the
end of the Second World War
kind of say you know things are not
really worse today I mean that there was
you know there was famine there was a
huge population transfers there were
countries developing nuclear weapons
that were dedicated enemies of the
United States and so in that sense we
should we should be a little modest in
expecting that our world is so much more
complicated and so much more demanding
than then than that of those who came
before us yeah I like the way you frame
that too because it seems to me that and
partly because of social media and the
way we get information and watching
things on YouTube and podcasts the way
people get this that it seems like all
the time people think things are worse
than ever before but when you frame it
within well look what happened after
World War two countries being carved up
weapons population transfers all of
these things it does give a little
context and I think can help calm people
down do people seem from from where you
sit do people seem a little the average
person seemed a little crazier about
this I think that I mean I think that it
is an information overload
it's it's you know you're you're
drinking from a firehose and and there's
there's no mediation you know
traditionally
the broadcast media that newspapers
decided what was important they ranked
it you know front page middle page top
of the fold bottom of the fold first
stop is the anchor going out to this
crisis or is it just a correspondent so
you could put everything in a context of
a hierarchy now that's no longer the
case now your attention is constantly
being demanded and assaulted by
assertions that this is important that's
important and and it's left to the
individual to sort these things out yeah
do you miss the old days of that as
someone that's seeing the change now
yeah I think I think it puts a pressure
I don't think that actual events actual
pressures on the United States are
greater than they have been in the past
but I think the need to respond in real
time immediately to every single event I
mean somebody dies here you got to do it
it perpetuates um you know there's a
shooting here you've got to come out
with a statement means that a lot of
time is is wasted may not be quite the
right word but a lot of time is spent
dealing with ephemera mm-hmm so as
someone that is has spent their whole
life basically in the thick of foreign
policy does it depress you to think
about how little most Americans know
about foreign policy it's one of those
things for example we're going to talk
about a whole bunch of countries of
course the next hour and it's like when
I see people talking about Iran or I see
people talking about North Korea and I
think man most of these people really
have have no concept of what the real
discussions are what the real Iran deal
says or the mechanisms by which we can
verify it or what really is happening
behind the scenes in North Korea or any
of that stuff but everyone's talking
about all these things all the time do
you think people are informed should
they be more informed as a certain
amount of being uninformed help a
populous what do you think I think the
difference is that people in the old
days people were uninformed and they
knew they were under okay today they're
uninformed and they're not this is an
incredible distinction you're making out
there and so and so they have strong
opinions based on on on on
on data which may or may not be of any
you know reliability and and and they're
not and they're no there's no longer a
deference to expertise this is true not
just this is true not just diplomacy I
mean they're people who won't get
vaccinated despite the fact that all the
doctors tell them they should vaccinate
their children sure so it's a there's
there's a there's there's there's simply
less deference to to expertise is less
deference to science there's less
deference to to government and that's
overtime that's quite dangerous yeah so
what are some of the just broad things
that people should know about foreign
policy I know I'm giving you a sort of
wide one there but just the general like
I just feel like people just don't
understand anything for example right
now I want to talk a little bit about
North Korea but as an example you know
Trump is is using a lot of over-the-top
language related to North Korea and then
the North Koreans are using a lot of
over-the-top language related to us not
to me that has a lot to do with
deterrence and and with Trump especially
it's an element of what's this guy
actually thinking which actually could
be potentially good to stop enemies that
sort of thing but what are just some of
the basic things people should know
about foreign policy in general well I
mean foreign policy is mostly about on
the one hand it's mostly about relations
between states now there are non states
like the Islam you know like terrorist
movements in others but mostly you're
dealing with States governments
bureaucracies institutions and so
diplomacy is about knowing how states
and institutions work and how they can
be influenced what whereas the levers
that you can push that'll get a
government to do what you want to do or
not do what you don't want them to do
but secondarily you know institutions
are made up of people and in the end
it's all about how to influence
individual people which you know
normally involves building a degree of
trust at least operational trust within
a narrow spectrum of if I do this when
you do that and can
I count on you to actually follow
through so in the end it comes down to
after you get through the understanding
the mecca of international relations of
how institutions work and how to
influence them it comes down to the
interpersonal relations and how to
actually talk to individuals directly or
indirectly and how to get people to
change their mind to enter into into
into meaningful bargains and to keep
their promises how much does that change
from administration to administration as
someone that worked under several
presidents Clinton George W Bush and and
Obama how much does that does that all
come from the top and and you know they
sort of lay out what their vision is and
then the individuals at all the
departments sort of just take that and
run with it or are there things from
administration to administration that
sort of just remain basic policy well I
think again I think minuite particularly
during the Cold War from from one
ministration uh there were there are
differences of emphasis the rhetoric
changed politicians tended to to give
the impression that they there were more
changes than in fact took place right so
I guess that in a narrow spectrum of
what was possible in principle and so
that's one thing that that has eroded
there now are wider variations I think
but again I would say I mean the current
situation really is abnormal it's
there's there's no real comparison you
can compare you can compare Carter to
Reagan or Clinton the bush you know but
but those were still within a fairly
narrow spectrum of difference mm-hmm so
we're in a we're in an unparalleled era
of discontinuity in that regard now in
terms of administration's new new
administration's with inexperienced
presidents presidents who've not dealt
with national security before and that's
true of a lot of presidents sure
I mean Reagan Carter George W Bush
Clinton Kennedy these people had no
national security experience when they
entered office it was a rarity George HW
Bush you know had a lot but he was
unusual
they make early in big mistakes and then
get better over time if they have a
second term they're usually more
successful in this second term than the
first term the if you look at you know
Kennedy's Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba
that went bad the first few weeks in
office LBJ's decision to reinforce and
greatly expand the u.s. commitment in
Vietnam early on in his his tenure
Clinton's debacle in Somalia which again
occurred in the first few weeks in his
office and of course the worst of all
george w bush's decision to invade Iraq
in the first year and a half in office
so costly mistakes improved performance
later on you can see the second terms of
presidents tend to be the ones that
leave the most meaningful legacies
behind and and again I think we're in a
we're in a unusual period I mean so far
Trump hasn't made the kind of costly
mistake that I've suggested others have
made others who were better prepared for
the job than he was so so far we've been
lucky in that regard will the luck hold
will he continue on balance to take the
advice of people like Madison and
Tillerson and McMasters who do have
experience and who and and who do be who
are playing a restraining role to some
degree I just don't know yeah but so
basically you like the the team that
he's assembled I sense from the way you
said that that you think that basically
this is a trustworthy group even if you
have your reservations about
his decision-making or his outlook I
think the national security team are
mostly mainstream representatives of the
national security establishment I think
many of them you know could have easily
been is easily appointed by Hillary
Clinton
I'm sure Hillary Clinton would have been
perfectly satisfied with mattis as a you
know or or McMaster as as senior people
in her administration
I think Tillerson is is a bit of an
enigma because his his policy instinct
seemed to be sound he seems to have
formed a team with mattis and McMaster
to kind of create you know channels to
keep the president from going off the
rails but his handling of the State
Department is almost inexplicable I mean
he's right that it that it was top-heavy
uh that it needed to be streamlined that
the number of bureaus and special envoys
that senior people needed to be cut back
first time I went to John Kerry staff
meeting I was surprised 100 people
showed up that morning staff me right it
was ludicrous right and half of them
were probably just assistants well
you're not most of them thought they
worked for the Secretary of State you
know directly yeah it had just gotten
out of control but the idea that you can
have you you can launch a study and not
to and not appoint anybody for a year
while you while you think about this
that's that's that's the world's just
moving too quickly yeah so do you think
that that Tillerson might actually be
good at getting rid of some of that
waste
I think he's already started yeah I have
to agree but but but I mean he's also
he's stopped hiring so you don't you
know I mean the Foreign Service is like
the military it's a Career Service you
come in at the bottom you gradually rise
to the top so you've got to keep
replenishing your seed corn mm-hmm you
need those guys who just came out of out
of grad school and who are who are going
to rise over 30 or 40 years to positions
of seniority and if you have a four-year
hiatus and hiring
you're gonna have serious problems later
on yeah so it's interesting what you
mentioned where you laid out a few of
the the mistakes or the probably
well-intentioned wrong events that
presidents got themselves into at the
beginning of their administrations and
yet you're acknowledging I mean we're
basically a year into Trump or almost a
year at this point and he hasn't gotten
into one of those so when he when he's
doing all of this the high level
rhetoric and saying you know we're gonna
wipe North Korea offer it's gonna be the
hell fire of whatever whatever it is he
says now I'm from what I understand you
don't really trust him in and of himself
but what do you make of just the the
deterrence factor of that because I'll
see a lot of people responding and
saying you see he's trying to start
World War three and again while I have
no idea what's going on in his mind I
hear some of those statements and I
think maybe he's really playing some
high-level game of we have no idea what
this is guy what this guy is going to do
and that actually is what deterrence is
all about am i giving him too much
credit there do you think well first of
all I don't think deterrence is about
not knowing what your adversary is going
to do it's quite the contrary it's
knowing where the red lines are and
letter step across them the consequences
are gonna be horrific right but is there
some level of deterrence if you just
don't know what that person is going to
do so if Trump says all of these things
we're gonna create Hellfire on earth or
whatever it is that is a level of
deterrence right it may be not in the
traditional sense I understand what
you're saying I think I mean it it
creates it creates a large zone in which
the other party doesn't know where where
the real red lines are how far they can
actually go so it it can have it can
have exactly the opposite consequences
of what you mm-hmm of what you intend it
can lead them to believe that steps that
they take are not going to lead to an
escalation that do I
so I mean deterrence is about create it
you know deterrence as a as a as a
strategy for dealing with the mutual
assured destruction
but the fact that if you get into an
actual conflict with a nuclear power
it's over you know
now North Korea isn't yet a nuclear
power of the of the type that can
destroy the United States but it's you
know certainly China Russia are
countries where if you escalate to a
nuclear war it will be the end of the
United States as a society and the end
of Russia and possibly the end of
mankind depending on on how you know how
how far this goes so so that's a
powerful deterrent and you need you need
to establish some sense of you know
what's what are the rules of the game
yes you can do this and then we'll do
that and we'll play tit for tat and if
you support them will support their
enemies and we'll get into a proxy
conflict but you know if you on the
other hand if you cross this line you
know that then you're going to be in a
direct confrontation which leads to do
catastrophe
and so this this kind of loose talk and
and the uncertainties it creates I think
is the opposite of a strategy of
deterrence now it may be a bargaining
tactic mm-hmm but but you know the
problem with that is that Trump is and
has said that it you know that he's used
to deals that you can walk away from
that that that you know you make an
offer if it's if you don't get the right
you you you you Bluff you push and then
if you don't get the right response you
just walk away
mm-hmm you know he's not in games you
can walk away from right these are games
that are going to continue into the
future indefinitely you're gonna be
dealing with rogue regimes and and
dangerous enemies in perpetuity and so
these are not these are not games where
you can play for a while and decide okay
the bluff didn't work and I'll go on to
the next deal with somebody else yeah I
think the distinction about rational
actors is important so perhaps we're
dealing with an irrational actor as our
president and certainly the North
Koreans have what seems to be an
irrational actor as opposed to the
Soviet Union and the United States and
during the Cold War we had basically
rational actors that that weren't gonna
have their own countries blown apart
just because something moved along in a
way that they didn't like yeah I mean I
I think that's I I think that's right I
think by and large both sides avoided
the kind of rhetoric which could lead to
misunderstanding miscalculation now
there were a few points particularly
during the first term of Ronald Reagan
where they asked elect or whether the
rhetoric had become quite heated evil
empire sort of rhetoric where the Soviet
Union we now know from Soviet records
was on a hair-trigger there was one
incident in which a Soviet Colonel saw
missile trails heading toward Moscow and
decided that it was an electronic ghost
and didn't and didn't launch the Rockets
which which his instructions had him
doing there was another point at which
after a lot of rhetoric we conducted a
nuclear exercise in which we exercised
the conducting a nuclear strike and the
Soviet Union thought that was a real
preparation for a nuclear strike and
again came quite close to perceiving
this as a as a pre-emptive American
strike and again we now know this from
