[Music]
in case you've been hiding under a rock
or if you just don't have Twitter bless
your heart Kanye West made his return to
the platform and proceeded to crack the
internet with seven dirty words which
would have put even George Carlin to
shame last Saturday Kanye tweeted I love
the way Candace Owens thinks if you
don't know Candace Owens she's a black
conservative woman who originally went
under the YouTube moniker red pill black
Candace caught fire online around the
summer of 2017 and my interview with her
in which we discussed her evolution from
a lefty to a conservative is one of the
moments that really put her on the map
it was the first time that she had been
able to explain herself in her own words
in a long-form conversational setting I
don't want to rehash the whole thing
right now but Candace is no stranger to
controversy and you may remember that
infamous debate that I had with Candace
and Blair white late last year the whole
thing was a debacle I make no bones
about it but hashtag save Dave trended
on Twitter so Who am I to complain 2018
has already been a huge year for Candace
as she was hired as communications
director for Turning Point USA the
largest conservative college group in
America since then she's been touring
the country with Charlie Kirk talking to
young people particularly young black
people as why they should embrace the
victor mentality rather than the victim
mentality this is included directly
attacking the black lives matter
movement as well as democratic policies
which Candice argues has decimated the
black family and the black community
just last week Candice Charlie and I
spoke at Berkeley to a wild crowd I'm
proud to say that we had agreements and
we had disagreements and even though our
styles are different no doubt Candis
certainly goes for the jugular more than
I do I always enjoyed doing events with
her and seeing her evolve politically
something I know a bit about myself
she's learning as she goes and as she
said to me in our interview if I had
swallowed the red pill then she had
snorted it beyond any of the politics
though Candice is a friend and our
differences don't define us they
actually bring us together all right
back to Kanye for a second beyond the
headlines I don't know what ton about
him although I'm obviously aware enough
to recognize what a transcendent
cultural figure he is
not only is he hugely successful in the
music world he has a hugely successful
fashion line and is married to Kim
Kardashian who has her own Empire you
may not like the guy for whatever reason
but make no mistake he is an absolute
mogul I may not like or even respect the
influence that celebrities have over
culture these days but Kanye is truly
someone who can move people's minds with
what he raps or with what he tweets this
is exactly what happened with these
seven words immediately after Kanye's
tweet in support of Candace the internet
went ablaze Twitter moments lead story
was about Kanye support for far-right
Candace Owens Candice was called anti
gay and racist something I'm still
confused about as she's had dinner here
with me and my husband at our home where
her anti gayness never seemed to leak
out as for Asus there's nothing like a
white lefty telling a black person who
doesn't think as they demand that they
do that the black person is the actual
racist against their own race irony is
truly dead folks on Monday this week
Kanye refused to back down despite
hysterics from the media he tweeted out
a bunch of videos by another former
Rubin report guest best-selling author
and Dilbert creator Scott Adams in
essence these videos were Scott talking
about what a freethinker Kanye is that's
it next thing you know the usual
suspects like BuzzFeed mediate The Daily
Beast and others were labeling Scott
Adams as far-right we've seen the script
a million times before with anyone who
dare challenge leftist orthodoxy be it
Candice Scott Colin Moriarty Jordan
Peterson or even little ol me when
mainstream media has moved so far left
that this wide collection of people are
all smeared with the same charges of
far-right racism you know that the
Overton Window hasn't just shifted it's
shattered the authors of these pieces
aren't journalists they're activists or
as Candace says they aren't journalists
their hit men to recap we have a new
player in Candace who is fearlessly
saying how she believes that the
Democrats have used the black community
for decades and that the victimhood
mentality of the left is the root of
this problem this by the way is similar
to what plenty of other conservatives
have been saying for years and yes this
includes even black
conservatives like my former guests
Larry elder and Thomas soul the voices
of black conservatives and others
espousing similar ideas has been largely
ignored by the mainstream media however
and that is exactly why everyone is
freaking out about Kanye's tweets he
just gave oxygen to a set of ideas that
the Democrats and the mainstream media
don't want you to hear and since they've
controlled the narrative for so long
they've relied on the usual smears of
racism homophobia and bigotry instead of
strengthening their own ideas your ideas
get fat and lazy when you don't have to
work them out because you've owned the
narrative for so long this is where the
modern left finds itself right now if
Candace's views are far-right then that
means that about 40% of America if not
more falls into that category I do want
to address a different lurking danger
here however I know Candis and I believe
her to be forthright and passionate as
she figures this all out I obviously
don't know Kanye nor any of his
political beliefs so we have an
interesting match here where Candis is
now the rocket and Kanye is the jet fuel
if Candis doesn't do the intellectual
work to really figure out what she
believes and why she believes it all the
while being under the insane microscope
of the media that's gonna be praying for
her to fail well then the rocket will be
faulty and this experiment will blow up
what if Kanye says something absolutely
crazy tomorrow which is not only
possible it's probable or something
that's counter to everything else that
Candice believes he's been known to stir
the pot and I can only assume that
something like that will happen either
intentionally or by mistake
does her rocket ship run out of fuel in
mid-flight where does that leave this
incredible momentum over the past year
when I've talked to people like Eric and
brett weinstein jordan peterson ben
shapiro larry elder Thomas Saul and many
others what I'm most impressed by is how
complete their outlook on politics and
more broadly on life is they don't jump
from conclusion to conclusion depending
on the political climate they try to
really understand what they
fundamentally think so as new issues
arise their responses are complete
rather than conflicted this is something
I've really tried to incorporate into my
thinking and something that I know many
of you are trying to do as well
this
we'll also be Candace's challenge now
and I think she's up to it but only she
can decide that for herself it blows my
mind that every conversation we have in
this room seems to become more and more
relevant as time goes by for all I know
we'll have Kanye in that guest seat soon
enough whether he is just rocket fuel to
boost ideas or is he the rocket ship
that will get us to the solutions
remains to be seen but make no mistake
the issues around free speech political
correctness and the uncomfortable truths
that might be the answers to those
questions have just been levelled up are
the players ready for the next level
we'll soon find out
[Music]
joining me today is a national security
expert the best-selling author of
defeating jihad and a former albeit
brief strategist to president Trump dr.
Sebastian Gorka welcome to the Rubin
report thanks Lambie David I'm happy to
have you here sir first off that voice
you have a very have you ever done any
voice-over work at all
it's don't tell anybody but it's my
dream when I wrote defeating jihad and I
asked about the audio book I said I'm
gonna get to do the audio book write to
my publisher you can do the prologue
then we'll get a pro I was crushed all
right so the next book coming out in
June why we fight I'm sorry if you're
listening Margie I'm doing voiceover so
I really can't believe that so first up
we have already spent a good amount of
time talking about Star Wars so I am
very impressed your green room and that
post I'd never seen that in the quarry
poster before yeah I'm the LP so I'm
impressed that is the original 1977
poster I wonder do you think because
we're obviously gonna talk a lot about
national security and foreign policy and
all that do you think any of your
thoughts related to foreign policy have
anything to do with Star Wars because I
do think at some level some of the way I
view the world has been shaped by some
of the lore and yeah I'm not sure if
it's cause and effect but but absolutely
in terms of good and evil I mean totally
I mean the first three movies are about
good versus evil before they become this
social justice warrior absurdity so yes
I mean but as much as being the son of
people who lived under Nazi and then
communist dictatorship these things kind
of flowed together so Star Wars and
growing up under the child of people
escaped from dictation right there yeah
all right so you are in California
because you were talking to a couple
conservative groups here in California
people don't believe that conservative
groups could exist in California but I
mentioned to you before we just had
Governor John Kasich on he was talking
with Arnold Schwarzenegger at some
conservative groups here in California
so there it seems like something is
happening in California I don't live
here but I come in and out to do these
events as something's happening so
something clearly is happening the
energy I felt at the the events here is
it's like the energy I feel at events in
Virginia or elsewhere like Texas and
there's a commonality whoever you speak
to they keep mentioning the same things
they talk about the gas tax they talk
about sanctuary cities they talk about
the burden on businesses when you get
these things repeated enough times you
realize something is happening in
California who knows where it'll go but
this this isn't the state I used to say
you know the People's Republic just lost
forever I'm not so sure anymore
really so do you think this could be
something that could happen as soon as
our next our gubernatorial election
that's coming up now or do you think
this is sort of long term maybe
presidential election 2020 year all I'll
say is the following with the election
of Donald J Trump to president the
political rulebook has been shredded
burnt buried and the Donald Trump jumped
up and down on it it's gone so so any
past expectations any trend lines are
irrelevant I mean I traveled with the
President to we flew on Air Force One to
Youngstown Ohio back in June and this is
steel Valley right this is the heart of
a blue-collar Democrat manual laborers
and we we arrived at the stadium
and the president was in the back I was
you know doing selfies with you know the
crowd who do love the crowd selfie I've
seen many polls what does it cost me you
know they want a selfie yes sure why not
yeah so I got to engage with these
people and I realized that in this
stadium around twenty twenty-five
thousand people everybody was either a
former registered Democrat their parents
their grandparents or all Democrats and
then what happens when the president
went when the First Lady Melania comes
out of the stage it erupts the building
erupts with chants of the USA drain the
swamp and this is democrat territory now
if that can happen in youngstown our
Youngstown Ohio who knows what can
happen in California yeah so I want to
talk a little bit about your history and
your parents and growing up that I'm
just mentioned but as long as we're on
the on the first part of the Trump
portion of this let's just keep doing
that I heard you at the turning point
USA event in December give a speech
which I really thought was wonderful and
you described Trump as the ice breaker
and what I've been saying around here is
that I view him as the bull in the china
shop we wanted a panther to knock over a
few things but we got the bull and I
think that really it's really the same
analogy that we're using there so can
you just yeah I don't further on that a
little bit so the United States was
covered for at least 30 years in this
massive permafrost layer of ice which is
political correctness and it had frozen
over the media education politics all of
it to the extent that by the Obama
administration
federal government was telling you who
could use which bathroom right so just
insanity and then along comes a guy who
the first day I met him in summer of
June 15 in his office in Trump Tower the
first thing I knew about this man is
he's the Kryptonite of political
correctness I mean he couldn't care less
about what the New York Times or CNN
says about a given issue so along comes
this man layer of ice frozen over the
country BAM slams into it like an ice
breaker and smashes through the ice so
he breaks a pathway for for the nation
to to open up that sea lane and my
argument to conservative audiences is
that this is great this is monumental it
wasn't going to be the patter patter
never have one it had to be the ball it
had to be the icebreaker but if you know
your physics of ice breaking you can
send that you know thousands of tons
worth of ship in there with its tungsten
how rides up on the ice slices through
it but if you don't have the flotilla
behind it that comes up and keeps that
passageway open what actually happens in
real life is you send one ship in breaks
a path almost instantaneously the ice
comes around the bow andreen its itself
right around the ship and reseals so
this is the moment in the conservative
movement well we have to get serious of
about what does it mean to be a
conservative in the 21st century what's
the role of government how does a
national security look so on and so
forth
Donald Trump is the catalyst now we have
to do the heavy lifting of ideology and
politics and policy yeah do you think he
will years from now when we look back be
anything other than the catalyst like
how do you how do you consider his ideas
compared to traditionally conservative
ideas because just in the last couple
months after signing the omnibus thing
you know right now when we're take we're
taping this a few days before we're
gonna air it but there there's a big
mess in Syria we're not sure you know if
there's gonna be more intervention or
not he seems to be doing some things
that are probably a little more big
government than perhaps you want
horst certainly than his base seems to
want so where do you think he fits
actually between catalyst and and the
flotilla so first things first
I hate Able's personally IIIi think
labels is lazy thinking and in the case
of Donald Trump very relevant and then
they have no application our credit
Monica Monica Crowley my friend with
this the weekend after the election was
David horowitz's was it a restoration
weekend yeah in Florida yeah which was
either going to be awake or the party
that was and Monica gave a great speech
in which he said look everybody
misunderstands who this man is he was
never an ideological candidate because
you simply cannot put him in a box
because of what he does whether it's his
attitude to gay marriage whether it's it
just he's what it's just a mixture he
was never an ideological candidate he
was an attitudinal candidate and she
nailed it now what does that mean look
at the last 40 years this guy's 71 years
old he's not going to change he is
is what has he done for the last 40
years as a professional he's been
committed to one thing excellence
whether it's a golf course in shopton
whether it's a skyscraper in New York
its excellence and all he's done is he's
taken that concept and tried you know
translated it into excellence for
America once more and that doesn't fit
into neat neoliberal neocon paleo calm
it just doesn't fit
he's about getting stuff done and being
the best but so how do you link that to
what the general conservative movement
is now I get what you're saying about
labels and I say it all the time the
labels now especially because of Trump
the labels are all the brothers at this
point but the thing that I'm struggling
to fully grasp about the Trump thing is
how does this connect to you know when I
see it you right now you have a huge
split right we've got the the Trump base
and then you've got the never Trump errs
and these people are that should be kind
of lining up they can't quite get there
and how do you connect those things like
how do you connect what yeah but the
never Trump is a pathological I mean
pathological when when Bill Kristol you
know who's all obsequious and all he a
genus to me in the green room at Fox
when he tweets out actually tweets out
in a choice between the deep state and
president Trump I choose the deep state
yeah bill you're not a conservative
you're a subversive right okay get out
of the tent get out of the tent so
that's never going to happen
the broader question of what is
conservative me today we can't answer
that because have you seen a good
article a really good article which
understands first principles founding
principles about what Trump ism is or
should be I haven't I've seen a lot of
people who think they know what they're
talking about but who've never met the
president so I think with a lot of work
to be done but it's not going to be done
by conservative establishment
individuals if the NRA is not going to
tell you who Trump is right and the
Inara is not going to revitalize the
conservative establishment right this is
a new year it's exciting but we have to
get to work to define what it means
so that to me is why it seems so obvious
that you're so passionate about this
that nobody else was going to do it and
I think that's also that's sort of what
Monica was saying and it's sort of what
Horowitz has been saying for a long time
even when he sat right there
that no one else was gonna break through
and now it's imperfect but at least
there's me you know be brutally candid
you know I grew up in the UK to
Hungarian parents of escape communism I
went through the the private school
system in the UK stiff upper lip and all
that stuff for the debating Club so the
president's style is not exactly the
style I'm used to right I get to get
used to it and I understand what people
of issues the biggest people biggest
thing people have issues with on the
right are his tweets I get it
but guess what who was going to defeat
Hillary wasn't Jeb Bush yeah wasn't even
say at a cruise none of them were going
to the only person who could cut through
