hello I'm not legendary game designer
law and Lanning so I don't know why
you're wasting your time here but hey
while I've got you I recently passed a
hundred thousand subscribers on YouTube
comm and after three months and one
official complaint to YouTube management
my plaque finally arrived to confirm it
anyway it seems to be customary for
youtubers to do some sort of Q&A video
and they hit the certain amount of
subscribers and I love answering
questions I love discussing stuff so I
really felt like I should do one of
those I put out a thing months ago
asking people to provide questions that
they thought would be good for this sort
of thing and I also held back a couple
of questions that I got in curious cat I
thought we were worth answering on video
so we're gonna do that now how old are
you okay I actually um made like little
bits of notes next to some of the
questions that I thought oh I might
forget this one I'm actually recording
it and for some reason in brackets I put
it's 25 here I'm not really sure why I
did that
I must have very low expectations of
myself anyway yeah I'm 25 I've kind of
looked like I was 14 for most of my life
my hairline has always been this far
receded so you can't make fun of it
because I'm comfortable with this I
fully expect to go bald with him the
next three to six months I can't wait to
be honest you know I've never really
cared about my appearance as you can
tell from just the way I dress and look
you can't let yourself care about your
appearance when you look like me it
would destroy me so I've always kind of
just messed with my hair I've always
kind of grown in out super long for no
reason and then shaved it all off just
to see what would happen
usually it's logged rubbish but I've
never really cared one time I dyed my
hair like really really yellowy blonde
for a video that I ended up deciding
wasn't worth making and the time for it
has passed I was a music video starring
me as Miley innopolis it's probably the
most extravagant thing I've ever done
and I dyed my hair for her and it
wouldn't you know it had to grow house
it was like eight months of all for hair
for a piece that I decided to not make
so if you're wondering why my hair was
awful for a long stretch of last year
around this year that was why I actually
made it with two other friends one of
them was the musician who composed a
bunch of it and they were one sort of
helped out on set when we were shooting
it and that guy also had a camcorder and
was filming the whole process including
me dyeing my hair so there's like a good
there's a good to our rubbish
documentary about the the hijinks that
we got up to attempting to make this
thing that I ended up never finishing it
looks may be actually edit that together
for patrons there'll be a fun thing to
do let me know anyway I'm done hijacking
that question to ramble about my hair
now so let's move on what's your
favorite piece of fan fiction of any
kind ever you are specified of any kind
which means I get to take wild leaps so
nice one they're my personal favorite
fan fiction ever is a film that came out
in 2014 called the guest the guest is
really really good by the way you should
watch it it's really good
dan Stephens amazing in it British
people represent that film is very
clearly Chris Evans era Captain America
fan fiction it is very deliberately a
guy on the run from a shield style
organization trying to be a good person
live his own life in a world that he
didn't no longer pursuit him the serial
numbers have been filed off but there is
a very clear shield type organization I
mean it might not actually be at all
there might not have been anyone's plan
whatsoever and I've just read into the
film it wouldn't be the first time but
for me it's just a really good film and
it has enough little things in there
that it qualifies as this kind of
rumination on the kind of super soldier
that Captain America is in the more
recent films and I think that's kind
got him interesting it's also just a
really good film I am now however going
to give my favorite fan fiction that's
an actual fan fiction so that you know I
actually answered the question properly
as for my favorite piece of actual fan
fiction you have to go with my immortal
it's really funny it's definitely a
parody of other fan fictions and the
fights that happen when people
collaborate on them it's definitely a
parody i if you don't agree that's a lie
it's not true I'll see you in hell it's
it's good and it's funny this next one's
a long one great could you recommend
some good social sciences literature for
beginners or other literature that has
influenced you the most I'd love to be
as articulate and good at critical
thinking as you that won't be too hard
many of my acquaintances are
right-leaning and pretty racist sexist
homophobic etc still I feel like I could
easily give them a better perspective if
I only had enough knowledge and good
argumentative skills people have asked
me for reading lists quite often this is
kind of a question that I held back as
emblematic a lot of questions I get if I
were to come up with like a list it
would just be just a lot of books from a
variety of different categories because
quite often something really simple that
isn't really about any particular issue
informs your perspective a lot even
though it's not even covering it so
rather than like just give you a list of
all the books I happen to have read or
pretend that I'm educated enough to know
how to construct a reading list for
someone else I'm just going to give some
general broad strokes sort of
recommendations for how to educate
yourself and then give some actual
recommendations so I think I would first
recommend looking at the basic ideas
that underlie any particular social
science so like psychology sociology the
other humanities you know the rest
whatever you want to call them they
exist for a reason to study a specific
thing and they usually have some kind of
specific goal in mind
so like psychology is the study of human
behavior but also has the kind of goal
of making people more healthy I once
read this little tiny book from years
and years and years ago somebody old
called a psychoanalysis for normal
people and it opened with a statement
that said words to the effect of the
purpose of psycho now
is to make you ready for anything
something like that that to me was was
this sort of I had you know this is why
we do this it's not just our we're
checking to see what would happen if you
lock people up in a fake prison it's
we're trying to learn how we behave in
different contexts so that we can better
understand the context we can create
that enhance human behavior you know can
we educate ourselves out of certain
behaviors that we exhibit
I basically recommend you go to the
source look up the reasoning behind why
a field of study exists like why do
people do psychiatry or psychology or
sociology or any of the other humanities
why what is its purpose what is it
looking at and what are its
methodologies and why is it beneficial
to use them I think a lot of people lack
the sort of base level understanding of
what it does and why that makes the
whole thing makes sense so I don't think
it I'm not sure if I have it anywhere
but when I was in my third year of
university I was doing an English and
film degree so I had lots of free time I
actually just started buying science and
sociology books off of people who were
doing either like masters or were
finishing and were selling their books
and so I could just out of interest read
what they were like and that was kind of
a I guess a flash point for my own
understanding of these concepts was
bothering to just pick up a basic book
on it and read it in fact I'm gonna look
for now carry my carry my portal
recorder with me I keep a bunch of books
back here and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure my old applied i weld applied
psychology book is here somewhere
I literally just like there was a there
was a girl who was just finishing a
master's and she was leaving and she was
selling all of the books that she bought
because they're expensive so people want
to buy them used and ah the set is too
big it's in the way of my library so
they just started selling all the books
and oh yeah I fell it it's next to my a
couple of cthulhu third edition book
what a dental Edition is Ashley
and while some like collected works of
George Orwell this is what I don't have
much of a system for this library ah so
uh this was the book that I this is the
book that I bought just just for the fun
of it one of these I have a couple
others that I've got off different
people and they're just books where
they're basically just a primer on what
the issue is the most interesting part
of the book for me as someone who wasn't
as interest in the social sciences at
the time was the preface the
introduction and the yeah like this is
this was it this is this is that this
was the eye-opening moment one point one
of the introduction what it's applied
psychology like it opens by explaining
what it is and what it's for and why you
would care and that's the most important
part of these books in my opinion is
explaining why it's valuable why you
would use it and the purpose of
approaching things from that perspective
in the first place because that's the
part that in modern discourse people
ignore the most if they oh go
immediately to the to the idea of this
this imagined intent that any
psychologist or or economists who
disagrees with them or any kind of
feminist leaning person in the
humanities clearly has this agenda when
the agenda if anything is spelled out
already and you can read it and they've
clearly ignored that to go now they want
to collectivise everything or whatever
it is that they say nowadays this isn't
you know the one book you have to read
but I would basically recommend picking
up basic primers in any of these fields
and just reading through them this was a
fantastic read I basically just skipped
through it the first time and just
whoever had bought this before me had
done their own markings so I just I just
read those bits and checked it out it's
really informative another book I would
recommend while we're doing like basic
primers that you would do in a
university level is literary theory and
anthology it's in the first book I got
from Eliza University and I'm just going
to go over to my little bookshelf that I
actually just got in so I can have more
stuff
so I have more stuff on this set what
are some good ones I'm not I'm not a
very good educator I can't be like oh
here's all the stuff that you need to
read first before gender trouble makes
sense I don't know I don't know what it
is I didn't understand it until I read
it and then I did so if there's some
magic other step that a smarter person
would tell you to read first I'm sorry I
don't know what it is
conquest of bread it's good it's good
I'm just gonna unequivocally recommend
that you read it it's good yeah I just
have have fun pedagogy depressed is
really good as well
Simone de Beauvoir as the second sex is
really good and it's big but it's worth
reading and it's lots of little chapters
and each of them has something
interesting to say and it's cool the
favorite book of the list of things I've
got right now is an Ourense the origins
of and it's really good because well not
this could actually do not buy this
version half like all like this side of
every page is grayer and harder to read
done by this version but uh I had
another version and again like I just
lost a bunch of my old books but uh this
is really really good and I think it's
that and perhaps some like jejak books
are I would actually recommend any of
his books though are the most
informative to my perspective on how I
approach a lot of issues how I think
about them and they're really good at
getting you to question how how you
approach an issue in the first place
which is the thing I want to stress you
need to go like why am why am we doing
this so like if you want to talk about
these issues as someone who doesn't
understand them then the thing that
they're probably missing first and
foremost is an understanding of why it's
important to approach things from that
perspective or from any perspective in
the first place a lot of people the way
they're currently thinking naturally
occurs to them and they wouldn't even
think to use another approach so I think
the purpose of a lot of this work is to
sort of plunge you into another
perspective and make you think from it a
lot of writing on politics is written to
be seamless to be like oh this goes down
easy
and this all makes sense and it
complements the way I already looked at
the world like all of I was about to say
all of Michael Moore's books but I don't
have a read one of them stupid white man
I think it's called is rubbish because
it's so convenient like it just it goes
down so easy you can actually learn
anything from it you just go ah yes
these people are bad whereas I think a
lot of the books that I've just
recommended I'm like oh this is a way of
looking at things that I didn't have
before and that's like more valuable
almost in a way I have a better
understanding of an appreciation for
left-leaning ideas because I've read so
much for right-wing [ __ ] in my life
every major villain in human history has
written a manifesto about why they're
doing it read that I wish I had a copy
of Mein Kampf it held up and go also
read this because it's informative and
it's it's I think it's important to get
the most accurate understanding of the
perspective that it forms it but I don't
actually have a physical copy with me
right now because the one that I
recently bought had to be returned
because the text went all the way into
the spine
it was incredibly poorly published my
encounter became public domain last year
and it now exists in hundreds if not
thousands of versions and printings that
are rubbish
also by the way if you're in high school
do not ask your high school library to
get you a copy of my camp you will go on
a list I don't know what's scarier in
Minecraft the fact that you can feel
yourself being propaganda is you can
feel yourself being almost convinced of
the thing that he's saying or the part
where you know it's just outright racist
ideology or the bit where there's a
bunch of advice in there for how to act
in modern politics that still works
that's still a hundred percent good
advice for how to be good in politics
like that's scary
in its own way I'd recommend reading it
if you can stomach that sort of thing
was it come a bit rambley and there was
a lot of books in there and they might
not even be the best books to start with
but I hope that helps
Thanks I noticed that you rarely discuss
gender sexuality diversity or other sjw
issues in your non measured response
videos eg Fallout Souls born braids the
closest thing was talking about Irene in
your Sherlock video is this an
intentional choice if so why if not do
you think there's a reason why you keep
that [ __ ] packed up or is this all in my
imagination I don't keep them divided on
purpose I do think that I try and make
everything with the same kind of
perspective in mind I don't like the
idea of there being a break in the kinds
of content I make at the same time I do
think I talked quite a lot about the
ideas and what they might mean for us as
players in games quite often like Dark
Souls 2 I think has something really
interesting to say about its world but
more importantly about our world and how
to live in it how to how do you live in
a world where you might not actually
basically have ever existed because
you'll die it'd be so completely
forgotten that it doesn't even matter
like how do you act in the world where
that can happen I think it asks really
interesting questions I don't like
turning that kind of work into a
manifesto where I go oh no this is what
this means and this is how we have to
live our lives based on Dark Souls 2
telling us you know I could do that but
I have this I guess the term is I guess
I want to avoid being preachy and I
think people are very quick to dismiss
people as preachy if they just don't
like or they have to say but I also want
to avoid being it some of the stuff that
I'm working on right now especially the
Deus Ex Human Revolution video which is
the current long project I'm working on
I always have a long project does deal
quite a lot with social topics and the
points and I guess it'll be my most SJW
game analysis just because it comes up
more because it's a game that prizes
itself so much more on story than
fallout 3 or the souls games do in fact
they pride themselves on not having as
much are you single no sorry do you
think that it's possible to be friends
with people who exhibit alt-right traits
is it possible to overlook such
negative qualities that is a cracking
question it's possible I know people who
are like oh I don't believe any of this
but I can be friends with them that's
fine but they're usually people who
don't have anything to lose from the
views of those people you know if you
want to let's you know take the most
shitty definition of alt-right you know
like they want to build a white earth no
state usually it's easy to be friends
with those people if you're white for me
personally it's not possible to be
friends with people who exhibit really
far-right beliefs either I immediately
start arguing with them and you know
there is no friendship or I sort of
consciously remember some other shitty
things they say and just think less
about wanting to hang out with them
again I have a friend who sort of
shifted further I in the last couple of
years and I just stopped talking to him
like not on purpose I didn't
deliberately blank him or anything I'm
not that sort of person but I just
thought less and less about that person
in my life and that's just kind of how
people are I think I think there are
probably people who have thought less
about hanging out with me because of my
far left beliefs you know that's just
kind of how things work isn't it did you
build your computer yourself or pay to
have one custom built the first computer
I ever had was custom built by this guy
called Jed who I really looked up to and
thought was cool so I was like after
this I'm gonna build my own and then I
bought an iMac and I used that for years
but then I realized that I liked PC
games more than I liked having a
slightly nicer version of Photoshop and
eventually I built a PC that casually
play games and it was great and I've
built my own pcs ever since what's your
advice on long distance relationships
oh [ __ ] you know like in a lot of
relationships where you see the person
every day you can get into this routine
where it just becomes normal to hang
around with that person and that's nice
but I think if you're in a relationship
