in the middle of wilcher lies a ring of
large standing stones each weighing
around 25 tons it is believed the
monument was assembled between 4 or
5,000 years ago archaeological evidence
suggests it may have been a burial site
or perhaps a place of healing where the
injured were taken some also theorized
it may have had a religious or
astronomical importance we call this
place Stonehenge we also call it a
monument but we don't even know if its
creators would think such a thing
the culture that produced it left no
written records and even how it was
built is still up for debate in 11:36 in
his book the history of the kings of
Britain
Geoffrey of Monmouth and early British
historiography claimed the wizard Merlin
built Stonehenge here's an illustration
from the mid 14th century based on that
theory for roughly 500 years building
something like Stonehenge seemed so
difficult that it was commonly accepted
that a wizard did it apparently he did
it with his bare hands - thanks Geoffrey
it's a mysterious place because it
provides us with questions and no real
answers what was the intent of its
creators what did they think of it and
what became of them what would a Briton
built by these people look like the so
called monument points away to a version
of the world that never came to be
instead it's one of the soul creations
of a culture whose ideas and intent of
simply vanished
will we ever really know who built
Stonehenge or what it was for probably
not
besides just hunter rocks
anyway today we're going to talk about
dragon's lair
[Music]
[Music]
March 1983 the arcade game entitled
mappy has just been released you play as
a police mouse who has to take back
stolen goods from a gang of cats by
bouncing around in a weird voice with
random objects in it you can't really
tell those pinky purpley things are cats
and also one would question the ability
of a police captain who sent a mouse
with no backup to confiscate stolen
goods from an army of cats but it's fine
enough On June 14th mario brothers hit
arcades this was the first appearance of
Mario's brother Luigi oh boy I'm so
happy to meet Mario but with different
colours together up to two players can
jump around in a hellish void knocking
pixelated facts similes of turtles
around I mean both of these games are
fun to play but visually speaking
they're pretty poor appropriations of
the thing that players told they're
doing I'm telling you all this so you
can maybe imagine the impact when on
June 19th that year just five days after
Mario Brothers told you this massive
colors was a man called Luigi this
happened dragon's lair
you controlled the actions of a daring
adventurer finding his way through the
castle of a dog wizard hey look it's an
actual person who is trying to not die
in an actual dungeon looking place and
look how much animation there look at
the actual capital a animation and if we
look closely enough we can even maybe
see a game in here somewhere
the mechanics of the game are very
simplistic you watch the pretty
impressively animated character make his
way through a room and then press one of
four directions or the attack button
when it's appropriate to do one of those
things and if you do the wrong thing you
lose a life and get to watch a death
animation and to store all the data for
those animations the arcade game used a
revolutionary content distribution
system for the time called a laser disc
ow pleaser discs have been in use since
the late 70s but the idea of using one
of these as a way of storing more
picture and sound information than a
normal arcade game could use hadn't been
implemented in many games at this point
this game was designed by Don Bluth
former Disney animator and Rick Dyer
forget about this guy you'll never hear
from him again let's just talk about Don
Bluth some more he just made the secret
of NIMH one of the best looking animated
films ever and was about to go on to
make rock-a-doodle thumbelina at
in Central Park the pebble and the
penguin Titan AE and also some good
films I never saw any of the good ones
growing up so Bluth and his small team
used their animation chops to create an
actually nice-looking game with dynamism
and charm the game looked amazing and
everyone knew it even though it was more
expensive to play than other games they
had huge lines at arcades and the
Machine sold amazingly with arcade
producers partially thanking it for
getting them through a financially
difficult time in history and I do mean
difficult outside of arcades what would
later be called the great video game
crash of 1983 was happening the revenues
of home game sales dropped almost 97%
but dragon's lair and its appealing
gimmick had somewhat insulated arcades
from these troubles this article from
1984 says laserdisc games may be the
wave of the future and drums up hype for
Bluths next game Space Ace
[Music]
Space Ace was similarly great looking
though it was effectively the same game
as its predecessor only with a different
theme and new animations it's just as
fun to watch but by the time of its
release later in 1984 however that
wasn't really enough
the lack of gameplay in these games had
come back to haunt them in the market
there wasn't much replay value once you
knew how to beat it that was it
this puttin up a ceiling on how much a
person could go back and enjoy something
when other games have many levels and
increasing difficulty players had grown
tired of the style and arcade owners
weren't into buying expensive game units
with temperamental discs inside them the
players could memorize and never play
again what they want is variety we
constantly get paired at one type of
food or one type of movie or one type of
game and so as you progress if you want
to go on to a new thing laserdisc games
had proven to be more the splash of the
future than the wave and the tide had
gone out I think I might have gone a
little bit overboard with the water
metaphors so what if you wanted more of
this type of game or wanted to see what
directions the genre explored as time
went on there have been a couple of
revivals over the years like brain-dead
13 which is probably straight up with
the best example of this weird sub-genre
of playable animation and there's also
more weird Cashion's from the original
boom to go back and find like a time
ghoul or ninja Hayate or super Don
Quixote or ashes our run Miller if your
timing is off poor Don will die a
hideous death Oh cliffhanger which was
actually made out of recut footage from
loop on the third films including castle
of Cagliostro so we technically got an
arcade game featuring animation by Hayao
Miyazaki that's kind of mind-blowing
[Music]
it was clearly rushed incredibly quickly
to make it to market
so the dub is so atrocious that you can
actually make out the original Japanese
voices from the film's underneath
dragons lairs namesake earned it a good
deal of notoriety and nostalgia even as
its format and imitators failed the game
had several sequels and has been
repackaged many times onto almost every
imaginable console there was an
IndieGoGo campaign to fund a piece
designed to help fund a Dragon's Lair
movie in other words to take even what
game there was out of their game there's
also a couple of different ports that
are actually new games including a
famously ridiculously difficult NES
version of which I've never even been in
the first screen there's a rubbish
snares version of Space Ace but neither
actually captures the thing that made
these games cool and unique at the time
so there wouldn't be all that
interesting even if they were fun so if
you're interested in tracking this genre
of fully animated adventure game there
isn't that much to track but what if I
told you there was an even more true
successor to Dragon's Lair than the
hasty sequels or the Cashion's
what if I told you there was a secret
forgotten third game in the saga of
dragon's lair and Space Ace
ooh saga and makes it sound important
but first a question everyone seems to
take for granted
who made dragon's lair when people think
of dragon's lair they think of Don Bluth
it's easy to see why let's look at one
of the posters magic on presents of Don
Bluth Studios production design and
animation Don Bluth produced by Don
Bluth directed by Don Bluth copyright
Don Bluth posters don't have to be
arranged this way this is a purposeful
choice it creates the impression that
like a modern-day Merlin Don Bluth
assembled Dragon's Lair with his own two
hands Geoffrey of Monmouth never left us
he just became a marketing consultant
the Creator is Don Bluth who once
directed several Disney features in the
mid-1970s last year Bluth found his own
audience with
animated feature the secret of NIMH you
see people tend to remember history in
terms of winners secret of NIMH had been
wildly successful the previous year Don
Bluth was swiftly becoming a household
name and his legend about leaving Disney
and piling everything he had into NIMH
even mortgaging his house to complete it
and making it all back and more was
compelling history likes people who
gamble and win and history tends to only
remember whose name was on the poster
history has a knack of not remembering
the hundreds of talented people who
worked on secret of NIMH or the other
animators behind Dragon's Lair or the
programmers who made the system work at
all or the man who actually made the
game the idea of turning cartoons into
video games was developed at brick tire
industry
we're in the entertainment business
remember Rick Dyer despite the game
actually being conceived and programmed
by RDI video systems and RDR being short
for Rick Dyer industry's history appears
to have conspired to make sure people
forget Dyer and that the game was his
idea and that he'd had this idea for a
long time it's the forerunner of
Dragon's Lair
it was developed way back in 1979 this
was dyers first computerized interactive
game Dyer had spent his youth making
fantasy games using text and pictures
drawn onto cash-register paper
programmed to scroll to the right point
as he made choices when attempts to sell
a digitized game along these lines
failed he decided that more animation
would create a better connection with
the viewer and started work on dragon's
lair later he hired Don Bluth studio to
do the animation itself but despite his
success Dyer was aware of the flaws with
dragon's lair and Space Ace firstly he'd
wanted people to be able to play them at
home but arcades had become a necessity
given the expense of the technology
required to play them secondly they were
short and had limited scope in terms of
story or genuine decision-making Dyer
had gotten into making games as a kid
because he liked to make big adventures
with grand stories he wasn't happy with
dragon's lair or Space Ace he wanted to
make something bigger I think right now
the arcade industry is playing catch-up
to us
I know what what's coming after our the
introduction of our home system
what I'm going to do is to create a
world that is so real and that you will
will have a hard time telling what's
real and what isn't in late 1984 dyers
company began work on what he hoped
would blow the lid off of home gaming
again after its collapse he was about to
announce a new games console
[Music]
the halcyon was an incredibly ambitious
system the name designed to deliberately
invoke the name of Hal 9000 from 2001 a
Space Odyssey and no that's not me being
weird and reading too much into it this
time they really meant to invite that
comparison if you remember the movie
2001 a Space Odyssey there was a
computer in that movie called Hal why
you would make your console invoke the
name of an AI that goes mad and kills
most of its crew I don't know I think he
might have fallen asleep halfway through
the film for the time it was ambitious
the same way dragon's lair had been you
could speak to Hal the name of the AI in
the halcyon and it could talk back to
you and even remember your name what do
you want
sounds so mad at him 8 just go
[Music]
maybe he's what a computer should have
been all along something that that
anybody can use because anybody can talk
clearly Rick die has never been to
Liverpool ha ha ha obviously this is
basic hey I by modern standards but the
idea of a home media device you could
talk to in 1984 before the 8-bit
Nintendo Entertainment System was even
out in America or Europe was kind of
amazing
[Music]
he is dire demonstrating how on a 1985
edition of the show computer chronicles
Stewart nice again Stewart cafe and I
probably ought to do work yes and to
launch with it daya and his team were
working on a new game it was called
tears quest the game that comes with
this is Thayer's quest this is a story
about greed about unbridled ambition and
power lust and the disaster resulting
from those faults taya's Quest was gonna
be more than just a video file with
button prompts taya's Quest was going to
be an adventure what we're creating is
going to allow you to be anything that
you ever wanted to be and experience it
you're gonna you're gonna be there you
will live and die by your decisions a
game way you choose why your character
goes on a journey across a world of five
kingdoms interacting with an all-new
fantasy story unlike standard video
games that demand quick reflexes the new
project places a premium on thinking you
talk to the computer and it will talk
back an adventure featuring animation
instead of just text or the days
primitive graphics utilizing laserdisc
technology once more but on a scale even
more grand than the game spiritual
predecessors and doing it all in the
players own home we're estimating that
you'll be able to play the game 20 hours
a week for 6 months before you will have
explored the entire world the price tag
of this home laserdisc player slash
games console slash talking AI computer
twenty five hundred US dollars that's
nearly six thousand dollars in 2017
money which means that in the UK it
would cost at least four hundred pounds
laserdisc players were crazy expensive
at the time but even that was pretty
steep but hey you could play an animated
adventure quest by talking to a computer
there has never been speech recognition
of the high caliber that this has well
no really let's go to the forest
clearing one what one speak don't say
steadily
still work one two yeah okay I mean you
see this was the 80s people had an idea
of what the future was going to look
like without really knowing it or
thinking about its practicalities the
future is always different from how
people of the present think the future
will be the halcyon was ultimately a
poor facsimile of one man's best guess
as to what the future would look like
and it turned out not to be a very good
guess still I really wanted to know what
this device was actually like to use and
what taya's quest played like so I
decided to take a look on eBay and see
if one popped up that was a year and a
half ago so far I've seen one go up for
$600 plus some hefty import fees based
on rumblings on other forums one tends
to appear on eBay perhaps even the same
one every year or so while flyers
advertising the halcyon were circulated
in some stores even took pre-orders and
some salesmen were given copies to
demonstrate to potential customers it's
actually up for debate whether the
halcyon was ever officially released
it's possible that this shot contains
every existing Halcyon as far as I can
tell no museums have a halcyon in their
corridors except possibly the video game
History Museum in Frisco Texas if I ever
end up in Texas for some reason like I
don't know my plane crashes I'll head
there and see if they've got it
so the halcyon was a failure it didn't
sell very well in fact it arguably
didn't actually make it to the stores in
a way people could buy and the company
went bankrupt pretty soon after but
that's not the end of tears quest when
the company started to go under they
started selling conversion kits for
Dragon's Lair arcade cabinets it's hard
to tell how well those sold either but
laser disks Marquis instruction manuals
and EEPROM chips from the game are
floating around on eBay so there's
probably at least a few I've heard tell
of the arcade version appearing at
conventions and some other gaming events
still pretty rare though and the laser
discs alone cost hundreds nevermind if
you'd be able to get together the
technology to actually play them wait
what
this taya's quest on cd-rom from Canada
for only nineteen point nine four
Canadian US dollars I mean I had to
didn't I I had to I needed to know and
here we are is in the shot okay great
yeah decades and entire consoles later
on a disc far smaller than it was ever
designed for this disc was printed in
2005 over twenty years after it was
originally made and that means it's
another 12 years old on top of that the
latest system requirements that it
recommends what operating system you can
use is Windows XP can't remember those
days when that was the fastest operating
system this just got even smells of
Windows XP like a very old new car smell
and just the beginning of dust it's
beautiful it's like a time capsule
thanks Canada hey going to this digital
leisure put this out
you might remember them as the people
who did at some PlayStation Home like
casino games that are pretty popular and
then when PlayStation Home clothes I
think they're moving them to steam and
then before wait before that they did
the releases of Dragon's Lair and the
sequel to that and SpaceX didn't they so
it makes sense that they would do this
did they also do Mad Dog McCree and
space pirates space pirates is like a
game only I seem to remember whenever I
bring it up I hope I'm not imagining
that game anyway let's close the loop on
all this and actually give this game a
look shall we
[Music]
in a traditional Fantasyland the bad
wizard man-thing saucer ball has killed
almost all of the elder kings and is
going to take over the world
the last in the elder kings line is the
player character taya Alcon read his
wizard mentor Druce wants him to gather
the five artifacts that form an amulet
called the hand made by another wizard
named quote in order to beat source of
all but the one who will come remains I
am ready
but before Druce will send him on his
quest he gives him a final test that
rhymed that was weird
[Music]
