welcome to part three of our interview
the Professor Richard wolf and he's got
an actual solution to capitalism I think
it also goes to the amazing power of the
well or the lack of power of an
opposition party in America people don't
have an alternative that's why half the
country doesn't even bother to vote
because they know hey if they voted for
Hillary Clinton they're gonna get TPP
they already gotten after from her so
why would they vote for her and if they
vote for Trump well he's gonna screw him
over like he's doing right now with the
health care and taxes and all that other
will all the other ways so half the
country doesn't vote yet still people
try to pretend the problem is people
like me or Jill Stein or Susan Sarandon
and not really what the problem is which
is the system the system we have which
is run on a hundred percent corporate
cash so that's but you what I love about
you is that unlike me who I can
articulate the problem you actually have
a solution so so you have a you know you
have this idea of the bringing democracy
to the workplace could you talk about
that yes look everything in our economy
kind of starts in the enterprise think
about the factory the office the store
the way decisions are made in these
institutions shapes the goods and
services we have the prices we have to
pay for them the wages and salaries we
can get most of those key decisions are
made enterprise by enterprise and so the
real question is how do those decisions
get made in and by the enterprises who
exactly makes the decision for example
do we hire more workers or not do we
raise the price of what we sell or not
do we improve the wages of our workers
or not the question is how are these
decisions made and by whom when you ask
that question here's the answer you have
no alternative but to find a capitalist
corporation is run
by a tiny number of people in a typical
corporation that group of people is
called the Board of Directors it
typically has 15 to 20 people how do you
get on the board of directors to be in
the position of making the decisions
because the Board of Directors let's
take an example General Motors the Board
of Directors decides whether they
produce cars or trucks or what
combination the Board of Directors
decide what they will charge for the
cars and the trucks they will decide how
they get produced in a way that pollutes
the air and water or in another way the
Board of Directors will decide whether
the cars are produced in the United
States or in Mexico or Canada or China
the Board of Directors decides what to
do with the profits all the workers help
to produce the products but a tiny group
of people at the top decide what to do
with them and that's how every
corporation works well how do you get on
the board of directors you are elected
if your listeners and your viewers don't
know I'll tell them every year there's
an election in that corporation the
people who are shareholders get to vote
on who is on the board of directors
that's how it works and you get one vote
for each share you own if your
grandmother left you eleven shares you
get eleven votes if you're a wealthy
person who has a million shares you get
a million folks well here's a little
statistic you should never forget one
percent of shareholders in America own
three-quarters of their shares that's
your one percent those are the people
who decide who's on the board of
directors okay now what does that mean
for the mass of Americans it means when
you go to work in a factory in an office
in a store when you cross the threshold
from the street into your workplace
you're entering a place where you will
be told
what to do how to do it where to do it
when to do it
at the end of your work time you are
told go home because whatever you helped
to produce you have no say over it
immediately belongs to somebody else
you're done in other words you have no
control over that job you have no
control over the decisions that affect
your life including the decision of
whether or not you have a job whether or
not to have income whether or not you
can take care of your family it's an
amazing system but here's the word that
does not apply to the workplace it is
not Democratic Democratic means if
you're a good by a decision you have the
right to participate in making it that's
why we elect our mayor or congressperson
or senator or president they make
decisions that affect us we have to have
power over them but when we go to work
we don't answer for it we don't get it
the decisions are made by people over
whom we have no control at all in other
words the workplace is undemocratic and
now here comes the punchline why is
anybody surprised that if a tiny number
of people are in the position to make
all the decisions that the decisions
they make are good for them but not for
the rest of our sake is that a surprise
is that something that you should call
oh my goodness I never thought of it
everything I'm saying now the American
people know they don't need me to tell
them they know this but you have to draw
the conclusion which frankly I think
they're scared to do we are not living
in a democracy because if we did the
first place where democratic rule would
apply is the workplace and you know why
because that's where adults spend most
of their lives five out of seven
all your adult life until you retire you
go to work if you believed in democracy
that's the first place it would have
been instituted but instead we've never
had it so when I hear a politician say
we are going to Iraq or Afghanistan to
bring them democracy I smiled to myself
you can't bring what you don't have you
haven't done that in our country it the
place where we spend most of our lives
and let me bring it to a conclusion this
way imagine with me just for a minute
that we had democracy at the workplace
everybody who goes to work in the
factory office of this report one person
one vote now let's ask certain questions
and see what happened here's a question
should we close the factory here in
Wisconsin or in Pennsylvania or in Idaho
and move to China everybody in favor of
losing your job and having it go to
China
raise your head deafening silence you
want to stop the loss of jobs there it
is but to give you another example
here's a new technology we could have in
our workplace it's got it to make the
profits go up by 10% it has an
unfortunate side effect it pollutes the
air that everybody breathes here oh that
the Board of Directors decide we want
the profit because we're the ones who
get it so we're gonna happen and they
say to their workers we're really sorry
about the bad air if it's hard for you
why don't you get a job someplace else
all goodness now let's suppose the
workers made the decision democratically
on the one hand they'd weigh the fact
that the profits went up but on the
other hand they weigh the fact that they
don't want to get sick they don't want
their family and their relatives and
their neighbors to get sick they would
weigh the ecological damage in a way
that the corporate boards of directors
who live in gated communities and
breathe clean air anyway
never would so if you want to do
something well let me give you a
one last concrete example in the
Democratic workplace the workers would
together decide who gets paid how much
money do you think they would if it was
democratically decided give the
executives at the top twenty million
dollars while the average of the person
can pay for the cost of sending their
kids to college it would never happen
they might pay the people a bit more but
they're not gonna do what capitalism
does because they're looking out for
themselves and for people like them and
so you if you want to do something about
the inequality and obsesses this country
democratize the workplace it's the
surest best way to collapse the
inequality back down and it doesn't
require a president to do it in a way
with laws that can be undone
because it changes the way business is
organized and that is a much more
profound way to get at that problem no
we so know what two regular people
what you're saying is gonna sound like
hippy garbage out there crazy how do you
get it you don't get a vote when you go
to work you got to do a job when you go
to work you don't get to own if the guy
owns it who you work for and that's how
the world works and nobody can even
imagine a different system than that but
you actually there's there's actually a
real easy way to pull this off in fact
they're pulling it off and all over the
world right now I remember when I was in
Boise Idaho I used to go to Boise Idaho
once a year to tell to tell jokes and
their comedy club there and I would go
buy food at a food store that was a
co-op and so now you're to what you're
talking about is not the state taking
over the means of production which is
what people usually think about what
you're saying is that workers set up
their own co-ops where we can produce
goods and services and we could do it in
that kind of situation and that's
happening in places like Spain Italy so
what can you talk a little bit about
that absolutely yeah let me underscore
the importance of what you said you
this is nothing to do with the
government we don't need the government
to do this private people can do this
and as you point out it's been going on
and not just in other countries in the
United States - I'm gonna give you a few
examples I'm gonna start with the most
successful worker co-op which is what
this is that we're talking about that
has been formed over the last
half-century here's the story in 1956 in
a very poor part of Spain which was at
that time a very poor country anyway but
in one of the poorer parts called the
Basque area yes you you in the north of
Spain a Catholic priest named father
Arizmendi gave a famous speech 1956 to
his parishioners who were unemployed he
said look if we waiting for a capitalist
to come here and give us jobs we will
all die of old age before it happens so
let's solve this problem by not waiting
let's solve the problem by becoming our
own employers in other words let's set
set up a worker co-op the name of the
town where they did this is Mondragon mo
n DRA gon mandra God so in 1956 with a
total of six local basque workers father
Arizmendi set up a co-op fast forward to
today end of the year 2017 the Mondragon
cooperative corporation includes about
250 active worker coops all together
United with this large corporation they
are the seventh largest corporation in
Spain they include over 100
thousand workers Wow in two hundred and
fifty coops Wow let me give you an idea
of what that means once a year all the
workers in a co-op and they produce
everything from food to grocery stores
to manufacturing stoves and
refrigerators all kinds of things once a
year in every worker co-op there's a
meeting of all the workers where they
assess the managers to determine whether
the managers will be retained or fired
whether the managers will get more or
less in their way of pay so let me say
it again
for Americans to stop and wonder the
managers don't hire the workers in a
worker co-op it's the other way around
let me give a second example at other
meetings they typically meet once every
two weeks or every four weeks they also
make decisions about wages here is the
current rule governing Mondragon the
highest-paid worker cannot make more
than eight and a half time what the
lowest paid worker earns here in the
United States for a large corporation
ratio between what the CEO gets and the
lowest paid worker is around three
hundred to one not eight and a half to
one guess what in moderate art they
don't have the inequality of income that
we suffer from why not because the
workers would never tolerate it they
would never vote for it and that's how
wages gets in that part of the world now
let me give you another example in Italy
there's a province or large province of
Italy called Emilia Romagna in that part
of Italy for historical reasons fully
forty percent for zero forty percent of
the economy area is worker coops if you
wanted to go to a place for work
coexist with capital its enterprises and
have been doing so for decades Emilia
Romagna is the place the people want
those co-op they support those co-op
they shop in those co-op and that's why
they're sustained now let's get to the
United States coops are forming all over
the United States and coops worker coops
are as old as the United States because
many early religions in the United
States both Protestant and Catholic and
others believed that when you read the
Bible you ought to read into it or find
in it the idea that if we're all equal
in the eyes of God well then we ought to
be more equal in the workplace that God
is looking at to give you an example the
famous community of the shakers a very
deeply religious Protestant community
their workplaces were organized as what
the coop and those go back to colonial
faith in the United States today all
across the United States worker coops
are forming and your your audience Jimmy
might be entranced when I tell them who
is the leader right now informed worker
coops it isn't workers right now I mean
they're doing it but the leading force
is actually employers who are converting
their businesses from top down
capitalist enterprises into worker coops
and let me explain to you why because
it'll come it'll come as logical as it
really is imagine mr. and I have worked
with these people personally so I know
the stories imagine a mr. and mrs. Smith
they started a business in I don't know
Dubuque Iowa many years ago and they've
been quite successful and over the years
they now have a hundred and eighty
to employees every single one of them
they hired they know these people and
they have a successful business the
problem is that mr. and mrs. Smith have
just reached the age of 65 and it turns
out that their kids have other plans
they don't want to take over the
business what is mr. and mrs. Smith
going to do well they have the following
options number one they can close
business but they don't want to do that
first of all it's their life's work it's
a success second of all that would lose
all of those 182 people their livelihood
number 3 community depends on the taxes
that are generated by that successful
enterprise they don't want to screw
their workers or their community so they
don't want to close the business all
right
what's their second option it could sell
it to another business but the problem
is when you sell it to another business
you don't know what they're going to do
they might close business they might
fire the work they don't want to do that
either well they could third option they
could make it into a shell company to go
public but then it's the same problem
you don't know so guess what they're
deciding to do how do you preserve the
jobs how do you preserve that access for
the community you sell the business to
your own workers that's how you do it
and they're doing it all over the
country because it's a way to get a
better outcome and mr. and mrs. Smith
higher than any other option they face
as they're doing it everywhere it's so
laughs so let me let me just ask you let
me ask you very quickly before you move
on to the next point
so those workers do they have a rich
uncle where do they get the money to buy
that business good glad you stopped me
let's go over the options where would
the workers get the money first thing
you may be surprised to know since this
has been going on by the way in various
parts of the United
States for many years the the lawyers
and the accountants who work on that
because you have to change one kind of
business into a worker co-op have
developed very good relationships with a
variety of local and regional banks in
the United States who have lent money to
work with
ops to do it so there's a track record
you can if you're doing this you can
come to us at democracy at work and we
will hook you up with the lawyers and
the accountants and the bankers will
provide that's number one number two
suppose a group of workers living in a
community could go to the community
using the internet these days to
crowdfund you want to keep this these
jobs here you want to keep these
businesses here help us help us to make
this a worker co-op he's a third option
and I've done this myself you go to the
local politician the mayor the Congress
person the senator and by the way I
gotta tell you I like this let me
describe to you what how it looks you
come into the office of the big
politician and you say to him listen mr.
mayor and listen mr. senator there's
this Factory it's got four hundred
people the employer wants to sell it
that workers the workers want to buy it
but it's gonna be hard because it's
difficult so we need some help from you
mr. politician we need you to get us Oh
tax holiday for a few years so that we
don't have to pay taxes to make it a
little easier to get the finances done
and we'd like you to to endorse this and
give us your blessing and if you do mr.
mayor or mr. senator we will be your
greatest boosters in this area we will
tell everyone that you enable these jobs
to be protected and saved you enable the
communities tax base to be preserved and
then I smile and I move my chair a few
steps back and I say to the politician
and if you don't help us you won't get
elected
or catcher and you know something I
never have to finish that sentence
they're politicians they know exactly
where I'm going and you can bet they
help a lot and now here's the last part
and I think we'll entrench Jeremy Corbyn
Labour Party leader in England has come
up with the following plan to build a
worker coop sector in England he has
promised that if he is elected and right
now the polls show and if there's an
election in the next month and split
Jeremy Corbyn will be the new prime
minister if he's elected he has promised
that he will pass a law which says that
before any existing business can either
close or move out of the country or sell
itself to another business they have to
give what's called right of first
refusal to their own workers to convert
the business into a worker co-op and
then Smyly into the TV camera mr. Corbyn
says and if all of you are wondering
where the workers will get the money let
me explain it to you if we win the
election the government will lend it to
them at a really low interest rate let
me tell you the movement beyond
capitalism built around worker coops
it's already underway and as it gathers
steep watch out so so that's the
solution so that's the so people who are
afraid of socialism meaning the
government taking over the means of
production this is actually from the
bottom up this is people this is right
so this is workers taking control of
their economy and then making decisions
that benefit their in their communities
instead of decisions that benefit the 1%
of people who live in their community
the business owners right right and the
