hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i'm here with my good buddy richard
Eskow from the Xero report hey I was
here hour I'm sorry
zero-hour yes Richard so check it out
his podcast there's a link underneath
right now we're talking about the tax
plan that the Republicans it's not
really a plan it's just kind of a tax
scatterbrain to cut money for rich
people Robert Reich describes it this
way imagine taking more than 300 billion
billion from older and sicker people who
need health insurance and giving that
300 billion to big corporations and
wealthy people as a tax cut that's the
GOP plan and that is basically a GOP
plan right so here's some there's a
little bit more specifics I won't give
you a bunch of them but households
earning between 75 and $100,000 will see
on average no tax cut all households
earning less than $75,000 per year will
see on average a tax increase the median
income in America household is right
around $50,000 so most of the people in
America are gonna see a tax increase you
know who won't the richest people in the
country and corporations about 65% of
households fall into the categories that
are expecting tax increases while about
24% in the in the privileged group that
will have its taxes cut also inside this
as an estate tax repeal and an
individual so that's gonna help super
wealthy people and the individual
mandate repeal is gonna make health care
less accessible to poor people so again
we're helping the people who don't need
any help and we're screwing over the
people who are treading water in America
or worse and here's a chart this is from
an NYU professor and she shows you the
how she does it all the way out by by
2027
new estimates Senate Republicans tax
plan would on average raise taxes on all
income groups earning less than $75,000
by 2027
that's according to nonpartisan official
estimates so there you go so that's the
percentage so
the Republicans are coming out against
this right right so right now in fact a
top Republican fundraiser in the state
of New York has quit his position in the
state's Republican Party because of
congressional Republicans tax reform
bill according to a new report Steve
Lauro who has served as a regional
finance director for the New York
Republican Party quit the position on
Tuesday and What did he say he said the
bill that's going to get passed is not
going to take care of the American
people it's a disgrace it's going to
hurt a lot of middle-class Republicans
The Times also reported that Laura used
an expletive to describe how Republicans
messed up after they took control of
government against all odds' I'm gonna
guess he he said boy they really
up as soon as because all right now this
is what I've talked about is that what
the silver lining on a Trump victory is
that they now have to legislate so while
the big reason why Trump got elected it
was because he was able to run as a
populist even though he was running as a
right-winger because he didn't have a
track record that people could point to
right so now he has now they have to
govern now they have to make people's
lives better or worse and you and I both
know they're gonna make people's lives
worse right so this is what the
Democrats have to do is stick all these
policies to Trump and that's how they'll
take him down how did the Democrats lose
to these well that's the
big question yeah I mean mostarda with
Trump first of all most unpopular
candidate for president since they
started tracking that sort of thing so
how do you lose sugah I mean Russia real
okay
did you lose a thousand legislature
seats - Russia - did you lose both
houses of Congress - Russia you know I
mean yeah okay follow the election I
mean the investigation on that let's
find out where it goes but in the
meantime you know look to your own you
know every time a Democrat says
something about how ridiculous Trump is
which I agree with and horrible it's
like yeah but you lost to him
and and what does that say so so look
the fact is now they they they have no
ideology they have the only loot and run
you know great smash and burn and smash
and grab and that's what they got and
they're going crazy with the guys like
the one that's quoted here who quit his
job and the senators who are now sort of
distancing themselves from it they get
that if you're too obvious about it if
you hit 75% of the people with the tax
increase they figure like bleeding
Medicare dry that's kind of subtle
compared to what they're doing now they
can get away with that maybe but they be
particularly because the Democrats are
incompetent at running against them
apparently but but when you do something
that blatant where people are gonna look
at their tax bill next year and go whoa
you know they know they're gonna lose
their jobs so that's why they're
starting to push back against oh just
one thing by the way that I want to add
it says 24 percent of households will
see a tax increase that's true I'm sure
but of those 24 percent most will only
see a tiny amount but the very very very
wealthy will see a gigantic amount and
the last time this came about I talked
about the number of people who are gonna
lose Medicaid and other health coverage
and the projected deaths from that to
try to figure out how many dead people
the average billionaire was going to get
as a tax break per year and it came out
I think to about seven and a half dead
people per year per billionaire I mean
it's like make it real what you know
maybe more than that I can't even
remember the number whether I used
millionaire or billionaire but there
were like a lot there was like you know
Paulie walnuts and the soprano said you
know all the guys I whacked they're
following me around like goats I want to
see if this thing passes all the people
that died because of these tax cuts I
want to see them following the
billionaires around the coasts well here
here we I do too
here we are again I tried to be for the
election and after I tried to impress
upon people that you have to think
beyond one election cycle right and the
people who weren't were the people who
were angry at me for not supporting
Hillary Clinton which I couldn't do
I couldn't give my vote to another
corporatist war monger who exploded the
prison population revealed the New Deal
banking legislation overthrows
governments was for the Iraq war and is
for fracking and as and and is a toady
of Wall Street I just couldn't do that
anymore because that's what gave us
Trump that's what people don't remember
so reason why we got Trump is because
people are sick and tired of this kind
of sandwich choice right and we
voted for Barack Obama people voted for
change in 2008 2010 2012 14 and 16 and
they still haven't gotten any change and
that's what people want people still
want change and they're not getting it
so I just have to think beyond okay you
have to think beyond one election cycle
right so here we are now Donald Trump is
an incompetent he shoots himself in the
foot two times before he gets out of bed
in the morning he wasn't able to have a
Muslim ban that keep overturning it he
wasn't able to repeal Obamacare he
wasn't able to pass his own health care
legislation and now his tax bill seems
in jeopardy the guy's a legislative
failure and people want to replace this
guy with Mike Pence right well look look
you're you're talking out of my book
there you know that people can't think
one step ahead and I do have to say by
the way that when it comes to this fight
that's going on among Democrats about
where the party should go and it's
basically between the Bernie people and
the you know corporate and the corporate
is that everybody wants to talk first of
all confection I'll make to you that
I've never made publicly before I was
gonna vote for Hillary Clinton but I
lost my absentee ballot so I didn't have
to go through that that moment of crisis
maybe I wouldn't I don't know but this
everybody wants to talk about and about
the Jill Stein voters it's all their
fault right and you know here's the
thing and I've gotten people fury acid
at me for just pointing this out I don't
why are you fixating on the one or two
percent of the part of the of the vote
electorate it showed up to vote who
voted for I have strong feelings about
this in terms of your long-range
strategy
why are you fix it number one why are
you fixating on them and not on the 48%
of the people who didn't show up to vote
because they didn't have enough
that meant anything to them that's
number one and number two is look I'm
old school okay I feel and I've had this
conversation with congressmen and
Senators everything else I feel you're
yeah that's a sales job if you don't
sell what you're selling the look that
the customer hasn't failed buddy you
failed you failed so don't talk to me
about what's wrong with Jill sign voters
talk to me about how you failed to reach
those voters and what you're gonna do to
get them next time around Richard that's
exactly what we've been saying Hillary
Clinton was the only candidate in
history who was expected to garner votes
without campaigning for them right if
you need a vote you're supposed to go
get that vote you're not supposed to wag
your finger at them and says how dare
you think you haven't you can vote for
anybody you want
what do you think this is a democracy
Jimmy this has been endemic in the
Democratic Party for years it's
including people who by the way I like a
lot on a personal level and I think are
on basically on the side of the angels
but you talk to them a lot of people
privately unless you know these
Millennials for example these kids they
don't show up and vote you know it's
there it's like okay guess you got to
work harder yeah you know okay what are
you gonna do to change that but but
instead it's well you know there you
know it's blaming it's believed there
was a time when the evangelicals weren't
in the pocket of the right wing they
weren't in the pocket of right of the
Republican Party guess what the
Republican Party did they came up with
policies that appealed to them and now
they're solid Republicans right hey if
the if the progressives and the
environmentalists aren't supporting you
and the Democratic socialists aren't
supporting you maybe you and you need
their support to win you're supposed to
come up with policies that get those
people in to vote for you that's what
you're supposed to do and if you don't
have a Politan exactly they're blaming
the customer all these customers
they don't like our food right
exactly yeah yeah think we'll serve it
up again but this time we'll lecture
them about you know as they're walking
by down the street what's wrong with you
that you're not coming in I have to I've
explained I like my food well you know
it's it's it's the lesser of two evils
that guy's food is even worse
I try to tell people then people just
don't go to any restaurant that's what
happen that's what happens they stay
home and eat and and that's not how
politics work politics works they don't
go hate it's a binary people say that
it's a binary choice you could have vote
for someone who has a chance to it
that's not a politics works you get to
vote for whoever the you want to
vote for and you know I was trying to
get the Green Party to 5% so they could
get matching funds in the next election
because you have to think beyond one
election cycle let's get back to this
okay so several Republicans from states
like New York and New Jersey have come
out in opposition to the houses GOP tax
plan over concerns that middle-class
constituents could suffer from
elimination of the state and local tax
deduction so that would definitely
suffer from that and so now they're
losing more people so again Trump cannot
govern these people cannot govern Paul
Ryan cannot govern right John Boehner
couldn't govern before him that's why
they got rid of them Paul Ryan can't
govern Mitch McConnell can't govern and
Trump certainly can't govern and when I
say govern I mean have legislation that
aid does good things for the country and
B makes people want to vote for them so
what they're doing right now is all this
horrible horrible stuff and and if the
Democrats can't beat them now then
there's no excuse but again they there's
no excuse for them losing the Donald
Trump and they did that
The Times also reported that Laura used
and ALK we already did that but so I'm
here here is a Democratic congressman
and he's upset about the Republican tax
bill and he's also except that they're
jamming it through without a hearing hmm
right so that was the thing they hated
about Barak they saw Brock Obama is it
he's an ax he's a dictator and he's
pushing through stuff by fit well
they're doing the exact same thing
there's no debate no discussion no
nothing not even a hearing no experts
called no nothing and he's gonna be
upset about since this is theater and
that's all this is today is theater this
is as we started out the conversation
the oldest continuous committee in the
United States Congress and without a
hearing you're gonna proceed with the
great charade mr. Barr told I'd like
call the head of the Department of
Revenue services from the state of
Connecticut have you heard from him I
have not received a phone call has he
been called as an expert witness no he
hasn't been called as an expert witness
and the transfer that's going to take
place I'll take leaves Eldon's comments
about the transfer of wealth from one
region of the country to the other on
the backs of hard-working people of the
middle class you talk about taxing
successful all of our working
professionals whether you're a machinist
or a teacher and in the case of a
teacher if they reach into their pocket
if they reach into their pocket to pay
for their students you get rid of that
deduction as well so you can give it to
somebody who has already got an eleven
million dollar deduction on the estate
tax
this is outrageous you are all good in
honourable people so I have two things
to say about what he's goes out a little
bit longer and we'll play it but where's
the passion from the rest of the
Democratic Party about this how come
I'll come Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
on screaming at the top of their lungs
like this guy for the last three weeks
about this how come they're not doing
that how come there isn't marches how
come they aren't forming rallies if this
is really gonna hurt people like he says
it isn't it is why does the Democratic
Party do a goddamn thing about it why
are they just let a guy like this and
not almost pretty much anonymously
scream his head off inside of Congress
and I don't know where else people are
gonna hear about this but and and then
he does that where he says
you're all good and honorable people
well no they're not so if they
if they can do this and you still call
them good and honorable people what is
the price to pay for them why can't you
call a liar a liar why can't you call a
bullshitter a bullshitter and why can't
you call a guy working against his own
but constituents a scumbag why do you
got to play this why do they do
that well you see here well because they
hang out they got to spend their whole
day together I'm not defend
I'm saying number one number two they've
seen all the polling see polling is an
interesting thing and it has a lot to do
with this poll the people upholsterers
will ask questions usually pollsters
paid for by billionaires who want
bipartisan tax cuts right like Pete
Peterson or somebody the pollsters will
pay for a billionaires will pay for a
poll that says do you want to see
Democrats and Republicans working
together in a civil fashion and
everybody will go yes so they then they
pass these polls around so all these
guys are told you know you better be
civil you better talk up civility and
cooperation of course the polls never
say do you want to see Republicans and
Democrats working together in a civil
fashion to screw you out of every last
st. you have because the people would
say not so much you know this guy up
until that point I thought he was doing
great yeah but they all feel they have
to say that and and the net effect from
a communication point of view in my
opinion is you throw a punch and then
you pull it at the laminate and then
people are like well you know I kind of
like that guy but he can't really throw
a punch
Megara a punch and the other guy seems
like you know a dick but he's in there
he's in the fight so maybe I'll vote for
him that's that's one of the reasons I
think that Republicans keep winning and
by the way they should be screaming
twice as loud as this guy every day
they're all talking about Russia none of
them are talking about the fact that
Republicans are rigging elections all
across this country have been for 10
years stealing votes suppressing votes
why aren't they screaming about that at
the top of their lungs why haven't they
been doing it every day for 10 years why
haven't they been saying god dammit this
is a democracy how dare you get in the
way of it but there again like they
don't even throw that punch much less
pull it so you you sound like you agree
with this show that the Democratic Party
is not capable of reform I would it's
interesting because I I experiment when
I when I moved back I actually live in
Maryland now
and after living for a couple years in
DC and I reread a stirred as a Democrat
for the first time in many years because
Ben Jealous who I like is running in the
Democratic primary for governor but I am
open to the idea of what I would call a
hostile takeover of the Democratic Party
because it's on so many Bell as if that
can be done I definitely am interested
in that I think but that means a
complete removal of the leadership
that's in there now the latest Harvard
Harris poll shows that most Democrats
want the party they say they support
movements put that want to push the
party to the left and replace its
current leadership most Democrats
52% and are they Bernie bros are they
white guys are they white dudes cuz
isn't that what the Democrats keep
telling us no 55% of women want to do
that 55% of african-americans 65 percent
of Hispanics 69 percent of people under
the age of 30 voters under the age of 34
so if we can get channel those people
then I'd be open to a hostile takeover
otherwise it's time to look elsewhere
okay I'm for it well let's see what else
this guy has to say it is hard to
believe that we find ourselves in this
situation you just went through this
with the healthcare act the American
public just witnessed again what happens
when you Jam something down and for the
American public understand what's going
on here today is 24 16 that's the only
thing you need to know for this
discussion and debate today mr. Bartoli
I apologize to you and your hard-working
staff because you're me merely a
