happy buddy welcome to the GB door show
up here with rod placode is here with me
ladies a Japanese fresh haircut I like
it thank you fix it makes the hair look
like a more hair that's the important
thing
yeah absolutely all right that's why I
died a out of my hair too cuz
everything that looks thicker when it
does looks thicker anyway so you know
that after I don't know if you know but
after the Berlin well of Wall fell
Ronald Reagan made a promise to Russia
the Soviet Union to Gorbachev that we
wouldn't expand NATO well not a big deal
we've totally expanded NATO we totally
backtracked on that totally went back on
our deal and like here's from Newsweek
this is from well just October 17th
October 12th of this last year US
military sends troops to Russian border
officials say they want peace not war
with her only that's why you said troops
of the border you're gonna go up there
they sent him with water balloons that's
okay it's a gag we're trying to get
peace there gift baskets by the way NATO
has significantly expanded its military
presence near Russia especially among
the three Baltic states Estonia Latvia
and Lithuania and Poland so we're
ramping up a cold war over there that's
what we're doing the military-industrial
complex as Eisenhower warned us beware
the undue influence of the
military-industrial complex where the
warrant want or not we got it and this
is what's happening three these four
nations were designated by the US last
year to host NATO battle groups but the
multinational coalition has expanded its
forces beyond these countries drawing
further Russian fury so we're super
expanding this is the whole light this
is why a lot of people voted for Trump
because Trump didn't want to expand our
military he said he was an anti
interventionist he want us to get us out
of all these foreign adventures which is
why a lot of people voted for him
Vladimir Antonov head of the Defense
Committee for Russians lower house of
parliament said the country would
consider adding more nuclear capable
Iskander ballistic missile
on its side of the border to deter US
military buildup in the region oh wait a
minute so we ramp up and then there's an
unintended consequence of them ramping
up or maybe it's not unintended maybe
they want Russia to ramp up so we can
ramp up more because who runs our
government the military-industrial
complex
certainly not the people the people
don't want NATO to ramp up the people
don't want more war we want less war
this is from the Global Research NATO
continues to prepare for war with Russia
this is a quote from them even in our
most recent history we've expanded NATO
into Poland we've pushed American troops
and NATO troops up to Russian borders
and now for three years you've had its
killings this killing go on in Ukraine
NATO expansion has only brought hardship
and suffering to Europe that's a guy
named Matthew Howe he's from he's a
former State Department official former
captain in the Marines and he's from the
center for international policy mr. Howe
believes that the current governments in
both Europe and the United States lack
an understanding of history or the
consequences of military adventurism
this tanks do not create peace Germany
fumes at huge buildup of tanks at
Russian borders German politicians have
hit out at the build-up of military
hardware and troops in various countries
that border Russia hairs from and then
we did sanctions so then we did
sanctions on Russia after they annexed
Crimea after we backed a neo-nazi regime
to take over the Ukraine then because
Hillary Clinton lost to Donald Trump and
you couldn't really examine a system
that gave us Donald Trump so they
decided to pretend it was Russia so now
we've shown you a million times on this
show there's absolutely no evidence to
back that up and a million still go to
look at all the other videos there isn't
any evidence or else someone would be in
prison there isn't any so and by the way
the former head of the CIA said there
ain't gonna be any okay that's the
former head of the CIA said that there
ain't going to be any evidence that
ain't coming ever so we did more
sanctions so then in the house they did
more sanctions in the
it states government against Russia for
their meddling in our election which is
a double CK you know that right guess
what it was it was a 98 to 2 vote in the
Senate you know who one of the people
voted against it Bernie Sanders voted
against this this the European
Union has delivered a stern warning to
the United States over a plan to impose
new sanctions on Russia the European
Union didn't even want us to do it
it's a stupid political stunt it's like
our Benghazi it's like now the left's
Benghazi the corporate Democrats not the
left the corporate Democrats Benghazi so
the European Union has delivered a stern
warning to the US over a plan to impose
new sanctions on Russia opening up the
prospect of a rift between the two
allies over how to deal with Moscow's
foreign interventions so European Union
didn't want us to do the sanctions the
bill could have what unintended
unilateral effects so the United States
doesn't know what they're doing they
don't understand the history of the
region at all
and they don't understand the unintended
consequences of bills like this of not
only NATO ramping up but of the
sanctions this is right from CNN this is
why the Commission concluded today that
so I don't have to read the rest and buy
so why do I bring all this up Ron why do
I do it I why do I bring it up because
The Daily Beast which is the anti
Bernie's was the anti Bernie Sanders rag
Pro Hillary Clinton Chelsea sits on the
board of The Daily Beast am I wrong
about that can you can you double-check
me on that I'm pretty sure that there's
the Clintons have their fingers in that
The Daily Beast no doubt here's the
here's the headline this is from The
Daily Beast and lefty news outlets are
reporting this White House official
floated withdrawing US forces to please
Putin that's the headline so they wanted
to take back some of those troops like
that was an idea here's the sub headline
a member of trumps National Security
Council staff had a radical notion to
pare back American troops in Europe
you could stop there but they keep going
they say as a way to curry favor with
the Kremlin so this is the guy who
they're pinning this article on this guy
Kevin Harrington who's Kevin Harrington
nobody he is Harrington is the NSC
senior official for strategic planning
sounds impressive right he had neither
military experience nor significant
government experience before joining the
White House but he had an influential
credential as a managing director for
the Thiel Mart macro hedge fund he was
close to Trump patron and date and Ally
Peter Thiel so he's one of trumps money
guys just like bets how did Betsy DeVos
get that their money people they give
money to them so some guy gave Trump
money Trump puts him on this thing he
says hey maybe we should let's draw back
let's try not to start World War three
and a slight slight a thing here so
Chelsea Clinton she is on the board of
the IAC which owns the Daily Beast
okay so Chelsea Clinton's on the board
of the company that owns the Daily Beast
so this owned by a company that's chair
about it yeah so there you go so this is
from the article a senior national
security council official that guy I
just showed you proposed withdrawing
some US military forces from Eastern
Europe as an overture to vladimir putin
during the early days of the trump
presidency according to two former
administration officials while the
proposal was ultimately not adopted it
is the first known case of senior aides
to donald trump seeking to reposition US
military forces to please putin was this
written in adam ships office order this
is did the daily beast that they just
did they just have a fax that comes or
they just email how does it work faxes
old it's old-school it's got to be -
they just random ship wrote this up they
sent it to the Daily Beast and then
Spencer Ackerman said I'll put my name
on it
copy paste Lee copy paste bang we're out
early today something that smelled to a
colleague like
return on Russia's election time
investment in President Trump now normal
sane people would consider anybody
proposing to pull back our cold wort
ramping up as a good thing
hey maybe we don't want to ramp up and
have more nuclear missiles on the border
maybe we don't want Russia to retaliate
what what are we doing this for remember
Bernie Sanders even voted against those
stupid sanctions and according to The
Daily Beast they took time out to write
this thing to let you know that somebody
had a same thought inside the Trump
administration and they're letting you
know it wasn't they're selling you out
to Trog - to Russia that's this is the
whole point of this article among
Harrington's ideas were a fervent belief
that economic sanctions particularly
those on Russia were ultimately harmful
to the United States unintended
consequence weak just said hey there's a
lot of unintended unilateral
consequences which is why they were
against this does The Daily Beast tell
you that of course not of course not by
being clear out by laying this out are
you get you are you getting him yeah um
here's some more from Daily Beast in
March Harrington proposed lifting US
sanctions on Russian oil unintended
consequences the European Union already
talked about I sense we were giving
something and wasn't clear what we were
gaining in return how about less World
War three how about that well I don't
know you know we did we said we working
expand NATO then we super expanded it we
ramped up the Cold War now this guy
wants to ramp down the Cold War I don't
get it what's in it for us I don't know
twenty billion dollars would end
homelessness in the United States we
just spend an extra eighty billion on
 for the military-industrial
coupla I don't know what do we get out
of this what do we get out of this this
is literally a question people cannot
answer
what do we get out of not ramping up the
Cold War anymore you gotta be kidding me
this really is a stunner to some people
what did we get out of the escalating
war with the nuclear power what do we
get out of that
well peacetime was so long ago people
might just forget like is it cool I
don't even know what that according to
the acts colleague Harrington considered
a gesture to the Kremlin that would
enable the nascent Trump administration
to see if its desire for a friendly
relationship with Russia would be
reciprocated it was in clue so hey maybe
we maybe we unilaterally take back some
of this Cold War's Cold War isms maybe
we ramped down instead of escalate and
we see what happens maybe we can have a
friendly relationship with the nuclear
power and if you're if what what is
wrong with these people right in if
you're in the Trump administration I
mean you have to see this from the
perspective of yeah this guy is working
in the Trump administration and yeah he
has no prior experience most of people
in the administration don't but you have
to I mean they observe the world at
large they know what's going on so of
course it would be a priority for them
to want to have a good diplomatic
relationship like that's just why would
that be surprising to anybody that they
would want that lately it would make
sense I was included in a strategy paper
that conspicuously to the former
official made no mention of Russia as
either a competitor or an adversary
Kevin Harrington's former colleague told
the Daily Beast and Harrington asked
about the prospect of withdrawing or
repositioning US forces from the Baltics
nations once part of the Soviet Union
and periodically swallowed up by Russia
so The Daily Beast wants us to ramp it
up because Trump so you fear Trump so
much you want him to ramp up a Cold War
they have no idea what they're saying
well no I mean I guess not but this guy
wanted to do to stink which they didn't
do no Trump went along with the
military-industrial complex yes
oh so didn't even do this thing no well
let's write a story about it anyway make
it look like Trump's and bear with
Russia and then we'll get some lefty
leaning outlets to go along with
it and repeat it smugly what the
people are out of their minds right now
Trump has made people you think of Obama
made people out of their current minds
you think George Bush made people out of
their might Trump is making people wish
for world war 3 and shame people who
want to de-escalate a Cold War as Putin
puppets you want at the escalator war
you're a Putin puppet you ought to have
better relations with a nuclear power
Europe there's something wrong with you
shame on you shame on that goddamn
stupid Daily Beast and anybody else who
pushes this story shame on you
you're out of control maniacs
you overly emotional I'm an overly
emotional maniac somehow I managed to
get this right well what do people
prefer like would you prefer cuz it's
like I don't like Trump either but would
you prefer they'd be like well everybody
thinks that we're up to something with
Russia so let's really piss them off
that'll end well let's do everything
there's a lot man and make them hate us
like would you prefer that like there's
a lot of money a lot of people are
overly emotionally invested in hating
Trump and seeing him taken down I'm
overly emotionally invested in stopping
World War 3 those are two totally
different things
so yeah I get worked up when people are
ramping up a cold war in World War three
cuz they don't like Trump and they're
blinded they haven't had proof for over
a year they don't give a they just
keep saying it oh the Russians
investment in our election the do
you even mean by that you don't even
know what you mean cuz you don't mean
anything it's just like support the
troops it means nothing anymore
it's disgusting this is what happens
when someone decides hey maybe we should
ramp down the Cold War
let's shame that person call him a
commie that's literally what's happening
yeah Wow and you wonder why people get
their news from YouTube a Chelsea
Clinton rag that's where people are
getting their news now okay fantastic
that's great job Daily Beast Spencer
Ackerman fantastic nice work
Wow any last words to say to this Wow
journalism really taken it on the chin
since Trump became president really
taking it on the chin
once you go do another story about
Russian anchor babies they did that at
NBC the other day Russian anchor babies
that's a story you know they have
universal health care in Russia
we don't have it here just Cena oh why
don't we have all these things because
of the billions and billions and
billions we spend on our military
military yeah right so you know how much
Russia spends on their military a year
sixty five billion dollars we decided to
spend eighty extra billion in one year
so now we're spending you know they say
say it's around seven hundred eight
hundred billion it's way more than that
because they don't count lots of stuff
in that their military budget is just a
holiday bonus for us yeah it's just
that's right it's not a bonus it's like
a half year it's not even it's like our
bonus so go ahead push this story you
stupid to love the military-industrial
complex you ever think about standing up
for sane foreign policy you ever think
about pushing back against bucking the
military-industrial
complex and their minions in the
press you ever think about doing that
that's what you're supposed to do now if
you're on the left right now this is
what you're supposed to stand up against
not cheer on more war like a
 on the left does goddamnit
it wasn't enough you couldn't go along
with the Syrian bombings enough now you
want worldwide World War 3 and all this
is the cover-up because they lost a
trump God's God save America there is no
god but God if there was I'm hoping I'm
wrong then think again and God will
appear uh Jesus Christ please make sure
you're subscribed there unsubscribing
people and there and make sure you're
not subscribed to MSNBC and CNN they're
subscribing people people are sending us
emails saying hey all the sudden I'm
subscribed to MSNBC on YouTube I didn't
do that people are telling us that
that's I'm not making that up
so um please make sure you do that
because they're trying to make it hard
for us so make sure you to click that
bell so you get a notice when we drop a
video hey I'll come and see our next
live show it's February 16th that's a
Friday in Burbank California at links
for tickets right there
[Music]
