hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i wanted to show you know you know
that everybody in the mainstream news
media and even some lefty news shows
have their hair on fire because 13
Twitter trolls completely through the
election I didn't know you did you know
that five billion dollars in free
advertising to Donald Trump can't match
13 Twitter twelves who don't even know
the language and let's remember how
powerful they were it took a CBS News
host hook this is John Podesta Hillary
Clinton's campaign manager CBS News host
totally watch this some impact but it
does beg the question how is it that
these Russian operatives knew to focus
on purple states like Michigan and
Wisconsin and your campaign didn't ma'am
okay so now we know but I want what I
really want to talk to you today about
because that's the group that's that's
how it's stupid it is to blame the
election on 13 Twitter trolls this is
James risin he was prosecuted by the the
United States for revealing secrets
secrets of criminal secrets that the
government was doing so he's a he's a
great reporter and he wrote this he
wrote this is Donald Trump a traitor and
it's in the intercept which is a bogus
that he wrote that and it's stupid that
he used that headline in fact he was
told so by Glenn Greenwald they had an i
they had an hour long debate over stuff
like this james rides it in glenn
greenwald since they both work for the
intercept and i just got to show you a
little bit of it why it's not treason
and why I don't think debating stuff
like this is very helpful
so here's Glenn Greenwald telling you
why it's not treason M wrote quote if a
presidential candidate or his lieutenant
secretly work with the foreign
government that is a longtime adversary
of the United States to manipulate him
and win a presidential election that is
almost a textbook definition of treason
that is that that's what James Rison
wrote so and here we go not just wrong
but dangerously wrong that that
statement and that idea that it's almost
a textbook definition of treason on it's
completely not a textbook definition of
treason and it's extremely important to
be careful about what treason dozen
doesn't mean and there was a fantastic
article just from Judy
years ago by Steven Vladek who's a
professor of law at the University of
Texas who on NBC's website wrote a
really great article about why it's so
dangerous to throw the word treason
around recklessly in cases where it
clearly doesn't apply and he meant it in
two senses one Trump had just said that
maybe the Democrats were traitors for
not standing and clapping for all the
great things that are happening to the
United States and then the other one is
that Trump might be a traitor for
colluding with the Russians and what
Professor Vladek said and he's a really
ardent opponent of Trump as he examined
the history of treason in the United
States and he said quote the mere
existence of this question of whether
Trump is a traitor underscores the need
for a long overdue moratorium on the
Blyth characterization of things as
treason and for all of us to be far more
careful when using that term to describe
conduct that we believe is some
combination of reprehensible criminal
and perhaps even impeachable as Jim
acknowledges in the article the
Constitution defines treason it's not a
vague crime it's one of the most
specific crimes and the Constitution
went out of its way to define what
treason is it doesn't define what murder
is it doesn't define rape or pedophilia
but it does define treason and it says
treason against the United States shall
consist only in levying war against them
or in adhering to their enemy is giving
them aid and comfort and what Professor
Braddock said is that contrary to Jim's
suggestion in the article that well it's
kind of a vague term so we don't really
know if collusion would fit into it it's
actually not vague at all it he excited
a federal appeals court in 1986 who
explained quote the reason for the
restrictive definition of treason is
apparent from the historical backdrop of
the treason clause the framers of the
Constitution were reluctant to
facilitate such prosecutions because
they were well aware of abuses and they
themselves were traitors in the eyes of
England as a result treason is in some
respects the most specific crime in our
legal system and certainly among the
hardest to prove and then he went on to
apply it to this question of whether
Trump could be a trade or if he colluded
with Russia
and what Vladek says is quote because of
this history a lot of things that might
seem or feel like treason to casual
observers do not in fact come close in
this context enemies for example must be
countries against which Congress has
formally declared war or otherwise
authorized the use of force so
contemporary Russia is out whatever role
it might have played in the 2016
election even during the height of the
Cold War
Vladek writes when Julius and Ethel
Rosenberg were tried convicted and
executed for conveying nuclear secrets
to the Soviet Union the charge against
them was espionage not treason and
that's because we weren't at war with
the Soviet Union and so what he
concludes by those metrics it should be
obvious why it is not treason to either
refuse to applaud the president or to
collude with Russia to influence the
outcome of a presidential election to be
sure the latter one is worse but treason
is a crime indicating the clear support
of our enemies during wartime period
yeah that's it so when that guy wrote
that article he's a he's an
award-winning journalist James Rajan he
knows better you would think he knows
better and he just had it explained to
him by Glenn Greenwald he just had it
explained to him so whenever you see
someone throw the treason term around
remember they're using it recklessly
just like every almost all commentary
about this Russia collusion and Trump is
completely reckless hyperbolic and
dangerous why because hey it's use being
used to silence the left like it's
always been be they're attacking Trump
from the right cuz he has to show he's
not a traitor
so he has to bomb somebody that's what's
happening so now they're ratcheting up
tensions with a cold war with a nuclear
power
so now Trump Trump has to be more
muscular in his response to Russia in
Syria or else he's a traitor these are
horrible horrible things and that's when
you start throwing that word around
recklessly the way James horizon is he
just there's no doubt
the world that that's not treason he
just laid it out for you in three
different ways now the reason why I
don't like to do debates like this is
because of the way Jim Rison responds
I'm gonna show you that when we come
back and I'm gonna show you the problem
with all these kind of debates which is
the same debate problem Kyle had with
Genk ugar we'll be right back
hi welcome back to the Jimmy Dore show
where we left you was Glenn Greenwald
just laid it out to James risin who
wrote an article saying did Trump commit
treason he laid it out that couldn't
possibly have committed treason because
you have to be against an enemy we're
not at war with Russia
that's an plus for many other reasons
now Glenn has one more ironic fact he
wants to give to James risin and here it
is eirick there's an irony to this which
is that when I first started writing
about politics in 20 in 20 2005 and 2006
one of the main reasons that I stopped
practicing on started writing about
politics is because I was so disturbed
about the political climate in the
United States and one of the things I
was most concerned about was that at the
time journalists who were revealing
secrets about the war on terror were
routinely being accused of being
traitors
James risin was one of those journalists
revealing secrets okay and even
prosecution was commonly advocated for
them that was true of Jim and Eric
Lichtblau story exposing surveillance
programs the New York Times story
exposing sweat being a priest story
exposing black sites and the argument at
the time was these journalists are
giving aid and comfort to our enemies al
Qaeda by showing them how we're tracking
their finances how we're spying on their
calls how we're detaining them and I
found that argument so revolting and
repellant for the reasons I just said
the irony though is in that back case
they actually had a better argument for
these reporters having committed treason
because we really were at war with al
Qaeda there really was a congressional
declaration authorizing the use of force
unlike in the case of Russia where we're
not at war with Russia President Obama
called them our partner and so I think
to even insinuate that this is a case of
treason is extremely dangerous and
unwise okay so now you just saw him
break it down twice why it's bad to call
this treason
and so this is why these debates aren't
helpful here's how he responds to that
you think he would say you're right
I'm wrong and I'm sorry I did that if I
could retract it I would let's see what
he does say not at war with Russia
President Obama called them our partner
and so I think to even insinuate that
this is a case of treason is extremely
dangerous and unwise let's get let's get
this what you've just expressed leads me
back to what I have come to think about
the way you write about the Trump and
Russia's story I don't know there was a
New York magazine story about you and
reading a lot of your writings you many
times what you do is you criticize the
political or journalistic points of view
of either the writer or a politician
who's talking about Trump and Russia
fairly and and often validly but you
don't deal with the underlying issue of
the substance of the Trump and Russia
case for instance just now you made a
valid valid criticism of the use of the
word treason okay I'm gonna stop it
there because he's not responding to
what Glenn said at all he's just
changing the subject to talk about
something else and that's how these
things always go he just goes oh and
then in the middle he says you just made
a valid criticism really you didn't
acknowledge it you didn't go that's a
great point bet Glenn and I you're right
and let's so let's move on to another
point that's not what he did he didn't
address it at all he moved on to another
point and then he kind of side way he
addresses it that's what these that's
why these things aren't helpful
that's what here we go so by the way he
just said that he just said that um I I
you made a you you made a valid
criticism but then he let's see what
else he says but you didn't deal with
the underlying issue of do you believe
that the Russians intervened in the 2016
elections what so no matter what you say
they just moved the goalposts he'd know
he we're talking about this and you're
going yeah but it you just don't what
we're talking about this and he just
moved the goalposts
so he just changes it and now here so so
now watch this this is also very
interesting things aren't helpful that's
why I watch Kyle debate Genki huger over
this exact a topic it went almost
exactly the same and they never concede
like that's right all right so that
point check let's move on they didn't
but watch what happens here
passage of your article saying that you
thought that if this case could be
proven this is a textbook definition
entry and I still believe in what facts
be damned
I believe it facts be damned everything
you just said everything like just sit
in that first segment forget about the
window he just so that's why these
things aren't helpful so no matter how
many facts you throw in his face ain't
he's not gonna Vic now he didn't
acknowledge it he goes well it's a valid
criticism as you didn't acknowledge
everything he said he couldn't have laid
the case out any better
he took almost five full minutes to read
you definitions of why it's not treason
why it can't be and then he goes well
it's about criticism and then he just
here I'm playing for you again passage
of your article saying that you thought
that if this case could be proven this
is a textbook definition of treason and
I still believe in what so that's it
that's why this this not worth that's
worth while I'm here with Ron plaque own
Ron yeah well this is sort of a thing
you mentioned how like well now the left
is attacking Trump from the right
they're also attacking parts of the left
from the right - yes like whenever you
ask critical questions about what's
going on in Russia gate and how there's
some cyclical effects that are very very
not okay you're called a Trump
sympathizer or a Putin puppet if that's
the equivalent of you well you're not
with us you're with the terrorists
that's your the or when you're called
not a not a patriot
like aren't your gonna be a patriot I'm
asking critical questions that's what
I'm doing right that's so so that's why
I'm not big on these these kind of
debates you just saw what happened Glenn
could not have been any
still clearer about what happened and J
and Jeremy Scahill sitting there and
curette another great lease by the way
these are all three great journalists so
I'm not but and Jeremy Scahill is is
doing this good a job as he can I don't
think I would do a better job but the
problem is I think you need a
scorekeeper so Jeremy can seize go wait
a minute we're talking about your use of
the word treason and I think we have to
concede the Glens point on this right
they didn't do that there's no score
keeper
which is what was also missing in Kyle
Cole in skis debate there's no score
keepers ago okay now we can move on so
then it just gets all bundled we'll be
back with more of this in newest one
minute so I'm gonna show you now finally
I don't know 14 or 15 minutes into this
conversation
James risin actually decides to answer
the question or answer the talk to the
topic which is treason and should and is
it wrong for him to snooze treason in
this conversation which it is it's
already been laid out that it is and so
now now again this is now watch what he
comes back with this is unbelievable
almost it's a question I didn't say I
didn't give an answer I said that it's a
question whether he's a traitor I didn't
say yes he is a traitor I said if you
I'm just asking questions I'm like hey
Bernie did you did you have did you have
Russian Twitter BOTS helping your
campaign I'm just asking I'm just asking
did Jill Stein did you sit at a table
with plebs asking you can't dis gate I'm
asking if she committed treason in the
headline of an article I'm just asking
what that that's like if someone said
that about you hey how about if I put a
headline in the New York Times did Jane
rise and is he is he a traitor
so that's okay so that's just
mind-blowing and here here good there's
more there's more of this look at the
issues of the if you are a presidential
candidate you you collaborate with a
foreign government an adversary grand
--'tis it's not an enemy of the United
States and under the legal definition of
treason that may be one reason why it
will never be considered treason
it might never be considered treason
because you know it's not that might
that might be one of the reasons that
they don't consider it treason is
because it's not that's what he just
said
that might be one of the reasons they
don't consider it is because it
literally isn't treason but watch this
gets worse as you said as you pointed
out but the idea that if you're a
presidential candidate and you get a
little tender but what an adversary in
the United States I think most Americans
would think in the common usage of that
term that that would be treason first if
there's two point problems here the
first problem is everybody colludes with
everybody to get dirt on their hillary
clinton colluded with a foreign spy from
england who colluded with people inside
the kremlin to get dirt on donald trump
that happened the exact thing there are
clues accusing him of they did it the
second problem is it's commonly used
commonly misused so here Glenn gets to
that now I'm not saying that traitor but
there is no definition of treason or
traitor
besides the legal definition well I
think that's I think you're wrong about
no he's done right I don't know if you
know there's another definition for
treason
outside the legal definition an ace
exclusively in this guy's article
apparent and that's the thing he just
kind of read he set his own bound yeah
terms in the headline you can't do that
now he could have written an article and
the title that article should have been
we need to redefine treason for the
modern age right there's something like
that and now we've been like okay that's
an interesting point of view let's see
what and then use this as an example
gone through his point of view on it
that's a fine article to write but that
probably wouldn't get any coverage or
anything like that that's probably right
so let's listen to watch the rest of
this the really dangerous standard I
think I think that I think you're wrong
I think there's a common usage and a
little tease I think it's a really
dangerous thing I said in my piece of
you to say that that okay well maybe
treason in and and being a traitor
doesn't apply in the legal sense but a
lot of Americans think that it would
apply in a colloquial sense you know
what I can guarantee you and I'm sure
there's poll
to support this in fact that in 2006 and
in 2007 a lot of Americans believed that
the New York Times will put me opposing
secret and he's just very easy yeah a
lot of people wanted to call me a
traitor and that he says yep but people
on put me yeah that's why it's horrible
Tim people are gonna go to jail over a
gym that's that's why it's horrible yeah
um that we're designed to help al Qaeda
yes learn about the US and so I think
it's incredibly dangerous especially for
a journalist who writes about classified
programs but to say hey when we're
talking about treason and train and
being a traitor let's not use this
careful constitutional definition let's
just be colloquial about it you take a
poll and figure out whether or not
people kind of like the behavior and if
they don't like it let's just make
suggest someone's if that's exactly why
I think it's so dangerous and we can
just agree on that point
what are you disagreeing about well I
think you can't disagree about that
there's no so he can he just you're like
what you said he just makes up his own
universe he makes up his own language
his own pair he's his own goal posts he
makes up his own parameters he makes up
his own definitions of words and terms
and then goes well just disagree with
the actual definition run well Glenn
