hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here at the miserable liberal
around Picone hi Jimmy hi Jimmy
look at that she's got a nice t-shirt on
Donny Tata hands you get those t-shirts
at Spreadshirt right down there hey
listen we've told you about
establishment media and the reason why
we have a show the reason why we have
people said Jimmy how come your show how
did it get so popular what's your secret
and I tell them all I have to do is tell
the truth about Syria and I'm
immediately the best journalists in the
country and that's all it takes
there's a few other people telling the
truth about it Glenn Greenwald who's
obviously a better journalist but I
don't think he has the comedy chops I
have so although although funny so we've
told you that Phil Donahue got fired
from MSNBC in the run-up to the Iraq war
because he was an anti Iraq war he was
asking questions they didn't want asked
at the time MSNBC was owned by General
Electric General Electric has was a huge
defense contractor and stood to make
billions of dollars from the war so they
fired Phil Donahue because he was
against the war and that's gonna hurt
their profits so they fired him and we
know this is true because a memo was
leaked later that revealed that they
said they fired him because he had low
ratings and it turns out he had the
highest rated show on the network at the
time then they got rid of Ashleigh
Banfield MSNBC because she also spoke
critically of the war boom and now so
that's just too and now here's ed
Schultz ed Schultz was asked a question
about working for MSNBC and you know
he's he's I've watched him when he first
got fired from him as NBC and he had
nothing but good stuff to say about it
and he was glad for the opportunity and
now he's moving on he never said why he
got fired and now he's gonna tell you
and I've told you a million times that
as soon as Rachel Maddow or Chris Hayes
goes against the war machine or says
anything that caused Comcast's a nickel
they will be fired and that's how you
know they're good little they're being
good little tools because they still
have those jobs and they consider
themselves progressives
and Ed Schultz is gonna blow the roof
off it right now so they're not
progressives Rachel Maddow and Chris
Hayes are now officially neoliberal scum
okay all right so here's that Schultz
being asked about his time at MSNBC and
here's listen to what he said it's very
eye-opening but let me go back if I may
because he said what are the differences
yes and I want to make this very clear
and I hope your audience consumes this
there was more oversight and more
direction given to me on content at
MSNBC than there ever has been here at
RT and who huh wait a minute that
puncher Putin's a fascist and the thing
and the one and he lets you say whatever
you want and you're an American and the
opposite was true under our capitalistic
system of networks and menno Comcast was
trying to control you that's my
character so come on that's that sounds
like Fox News that sounds you know what
that sounds like to be hey that sounds
like oh no I can't remember
Sinclair media is that Sinclair media
everybody's hair's on fire about
Sinclair media telling their host what
to say get ready and I think that it's
very sad that that story is not getting
out I think it's many times I was told
what the lead with on MSNBC had to watch
Sinclair media I thought I thought it
was Sinclair media that was fascist and
it was Trump see exactly people only
give a when it's Trump which
reveals them to be empty which reveals
them to have their eye off the ball the
problem is the system that gave you
Trump here's more of it no one's
screaming about this cuz it's MSNBC and
they ain't Trump
you know what Jimmy I don't really watch
MSNBC any longer and maybe when I do it
it's for research or for fun totally for
hate watch right yes hate watch
absolutely but I remember like when I
would watch it and I would just go
everybody has this
leading story and I kept thinking well
then do they only have one production
team and what they decided to do well I
hear you stuff here's more many times I
was told what I was not going to do and
I've got a story that had I not been
involved in it I would have never
believed it and Phil Griffin who I
consider a friend to this day was was a
watchdog far more than anything I am
exposed to here at RT America
so remember what we told you that the
media instead of being the the watchdog
for the people they become the watchdog
for the establishment and then they
become the attack dog for the
establishment which is what they did the
Bernie Sanders they attacked him which
is what they do to Jeremy Corbyn they
attack him
that's why Washington Post wrote 16
negative stories about Bernie Sanders in
16 hours he tell you what to say often
in fact when Bernie Sanders was
announcing that he was going to be a
candidate for the nomination of the
Democratic Party in Burlington Vermont I
was the only cable host between Fox
MSNBC and CNN that was there alive to
cover it now there were live cameras
there but we had coordinated with the
Sanders campaign that at 5 o'clock he
was going to make his announcement and
we were going to cover this on the edge
show I go to Bernie Sanders house that
afternoon an interview in the back yard
about a 15 minute interview the
grandkids are running around it's a big
day for the Sanders family he's going to
announce that he's running for president
we're gonna carry it live later on in
the day and we're gonna run this
one-on-one tape with Bernie three
thousand people are there on Lake
Champaign it's five minutes to air and I
get a phone call from Phil Griffin
you're not covering this
I said Phil Bernie Sanders is announcing
he's running for president he's going to
be President I don't care you're not
covering this and it got rather
contentious yes I don't well you're not
covering the progressive voice who wants
to upset the establishment apple cart
and people like Chris Hayes and lawrence
o'donnell it's so funny
lawrence walks around like such a tough
guy he's such a tool just like all of
them cuz if he wasn't a tool he would be
fired like ed schultz he goes right
along just likes chris hayes just like
rachel maddow their nail liberal scum
and they're working against you just
like the democratic party is working
against you MSNBC lawrence O'Donnell
chris hayes i don't even need to mention
chris matthews is such a waste but
rachel my don't think anybody thinks
chris matthews worth a that's why I
even bother with him but people are
still fooled by lawrence o'donnell and
chris hayes and rachel melhan they're
still fooled by them and the people
fooled by Joanne read they're not fooled
by her their mental for her their mental
so here's ed Schultz lay it just let it
I mean this is jaw-dropping not to me
cuz I know exactly how this works cuz I
watched I watch help Phil down you got
fired I just even sure I think also I'll
have to ask I just filled in for just
have to ask Jimmy I'm just having a hard
time accepting that our corporate media
has no integrity whatsoever
are we sure they didn't just need him to
rush to an empty podium and cover that
are we sure I think well let's we're
gonna find out I think rod what he was
told to cover instead I don't think
we're gonna find out now you're asking
me for opinion I'm giving you fact right
now about what happened and other people
who were there with me will attest the
fact and back me up that this is what
happened we were told that we had to
cover something down in Texas that was
totally meaningless and another press
conference in Baltimore which was in
already had been in the news for a few
days
who's the head of that Network Roger
Ailes oh no no no it's Phil Griffin who
was also Neal liberal scum who works
against you he wants you so he can
advertise to you and make money off you
but he doesn't want to give you accurate
information and he certainly doesn't
want to tell you about Bernie Sanders
and a progressive he certainly doesn't
want to tell you about how empty about
how his company's the worst company in
the world will work for it isn't want to
talk about any of that though that's who
they are that's who MSNBC is and Chris
Hayes and Rachel Maddow and lawrence
O'Donnell don't have a shred of
integrity not a shred that's why I don't
want to be in their club I don't want to
be in their club I want to make fun of
their club cuz they're corrupt and
they're selling you a war right now
they're not Roger Ailes though he's just
a good friend Rachel Maddow who
proclaimed Roger Ailes is a friend a
friend a guy who would force women to
have oral sex on him
that's Rachel Meadows friend that's how
corrupted she is that's how part of the
game they are chris hayes wrote a whole
book about it about how you become part
of that establishment even though you
don't want it is it and he doesn't care
is they have a - read of integrity
because if they did they would be fired
like Ed Schultz they're not going to
tell you the truth about the TPP or net
neutrality the war Chris Hayes they gave
him three minutes to tell you the truth
about Gaza three whole minutes and
everybody went crazy
did you see chris hayes was allowed to
tell the truth for three minutes three
minutes
whoa but then they were like you better
make up for it start tweeting about
Syria say some wacky stuff and you know
when I watch MSNBC I feel like I don't
know if you've ever seen a Crayola box
of colors of the skin yeah that's really
what I think I'm watching when I
watching MSNBC now he's got more to say
we're covering Bernie Sanders live we're
coordinated with his campaign and I'm
told five minutes before you're not
covering Bernie Sanders now let me give
you now do you need to know anything
else now do you know why the Young Turks
coverage of Bernie Sanders list was very
positive and why people The Young Turks
blew up during the primary and then
after the Young Turks switched to
Hillary this show blew up because there
was nowhere to get the truth about the
progressives that's why you're never
gonna get it from mainstream news you're
never gonna get it from Rachel Maddow or
Chris Hayes or Lauren so that they
gladly give their integrity over four
thirty thousand dollars a day they stand
it like they can't wait they can't wait
to sell out it's funny to watch it's
funny to watch cuz now when I bump into
them and I will I look at them and just
laugh at them cuz I'm so much better of
a journalist and they are and I
suck and I so much better than
they are I have my integrity I have my
integrity and I get to say whatever I
want and those tools have to day of a
boss who tells them what to do they give
him lots of money there's a guy who
would who didn't sell out there's a guy
who said to told the truth no matter
what good for you Ed you know that also
reminds me of Jake when Jake was called
into the office and having to you know
like hey the White House the White House
they want you to tone it down
tone it down big day well he Jake you
gonna play that video I'll get that
video in place they told him that we're
inside
we're not Outsiders I'm an outsider by
the way if you guys haven't noticed I'm
an outsider and as soon as I become a
real threat they will try to shut me
down so that believe me just like they
did to him just like they did to Phil
Donahue ashleighb am feel as soon as I
be by and as soon as I become a threat
to the establishment they will shut us
down
they're already trying to shut us down
independent news you know that but
that's not us specifically targeted
they're targeting everybody Ron and I
are sidekick outsiders you guys are
sidekick your side outsiders let's
listen I was going to tell you why he
thinks that happened now Andy lack so
you know who Andy lack is Ron Andy lack
is the he's the president of NBC News
correct Phil Griffin is the MSNBC
president and any lack of the Shearman
chairman of NBC News right mm-hmm
okay so that the reason why I want you
to know that cuz he's gonna mention his
name right now here we go
so he's gonna tell you why he thinks
that happened the opinion I think the
Clintons were connected and elac
connected at the hip that sounds like
Putin that sounds like what Putin does
what his news agency write Putin's
connected with the Pravda at the hip I
think that they didn't want anybody in
their prime time or any anywhere in
their lineup supporting Bernie Sanders I
think that they were in the tank for
Hillary Clinton and I think it was
managed and 45 days later I was out at
MSNBC BAM oh you want to cover Bernie
sorry you're fired why cuz Hillary
Clinton is running this okay just like
she's running the DNC just like she
rigged the primary it's not the Russians
that are screwing with us
it's Goldman Sachs it's JP Morgan but
Jimmy it was her turn yes we decided
only one person gets democracy in 2016
it was Hillary it was time for a lady
president it was time for a lady
president who has come the most
corrupted woman in the history of our
country a war mongering mane
completely sold out this country gutted
welfare exploded our prison population
deregulated Wall Street crashed our
economy voted us into a legal war after
a legal war and that there it is there's
your MSNBC so it's all over you never
have to ever have to pay attention to
anything Chris Heiser
they don't have integrity that's the
thing that's the core thing and that's
why they suck so hard because they're
willing to say whatever their corporate
boat Lords tell them to say for money
you know who else is just like that
criminals that's who else's like that
they'll do whatever people say for money
that's what that's what that's do the
other kind of people who do that and
what Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes do is
criminal
they screwing over this country that's
what they're doing and they screwed you
out of a progressive candidate and then
they tried to Gaslight you could you
look me in the eyes hey Chris Hayes can
you look me in the eyes and tell me
you're not bought and captured a hundred
percent can you tell me what happened to
Phil Donahue can you hit Chris Hayes is
such a he will never have me
jagoff he'll have all that pretend
progressives on his show for all
the tile look your progressive right
yeah you're not gonna say anything
that's gonna make me lose my job no he
will never have me on that show cuz he's
a coward
just like coward Dean just like Rachel
Maddow just like lawrence O'Donnell
they're all captured they're corporate
capture they're all bought and this is
proof hundred-percent they never said a
goddamn thing when he got fired ever
well it's a well it's cuz they love to
Gaslight you and they love to try to
convince themselves that's what I think
cuz I remember and I don't know if you
were at this panel I know we were both
we were all at the event but at a
politican there was a panel and it was
all like establishment media folk and
then I think Ana Kasparian was the only
like independent media folk and they
said they said something about along the
lines of how you know Bernie Sanders
really did not receive the press
coverage you should of and one of them
made a joke like oh yeah we have this
big conspiracy against Bern
Sanders and we're not covering it and
they all left you know who didn't laugh
and it didn't laugh and nobody in the
audience laugh nobody in the audience
not one single person and it's like look
you're not gonna fool us they're not
gonna fool us we're on you so Ron Ron's
point to you Chris Hayes Rachel Maddow
Lawrence Adele you're not fooling anyone
you could act all indignant as you want
and sit up super straight in your chair
and Lawrence and stick your chin out and
you're just another tool a worthless
tool who's hurting the country you have
a platform and you waste it because
you're a willing useful idiot you had
any balls you'd be calling out MSNBC's
coverage get any balls you'd be
debunking this goddamn stupid war if you
had any balls you'd be talking about how
the media suppresses people who lacks
you what is the US government do any
country that wants to give their natural
resources to their people the United
States invades with Marines and steals
those natural resources and give them to
a corporation and that's exactly what
MSNBC's do it we had a progressive that
might get some it might get some stuff
for the workers so they call out Rachel
Maddow chris hayes lawrence O'Donnell
and Ed Schultz shut him down
they do it except that Schultz won't go
along and you know a lot of times people
lose shows when the ratings go down ed
Schultz ratings right right again again
it's the hit him Phil Donahue their
ratings fantastic but you know who we
got once we lost ed Schultz we got more
of Chuck Todd we got more Chuck Todd
let's see if he has anything else to say
no that's it
and talk about Chuck Todd Chuck Todd
tweeted this out about Sean Hannity
because it turns out Sean Hannity has
some kind of connection to Trump's
lawyer Cohn we don't we don't know what
the connection is he goes going to find
someone tweeted out there's a clear
conflict dishonest journalism is talking
about Sean Hannity and Trump sharing a
lawyer that's this anyway going to but
this is okay anyway
it's okay for Andy lack and Hillary
Clinton to decide to fire ed Schultz
that's okay right that's okay so he
tweets this out going to find out what
kind of organization Fox's today no
serious news organization would allow
someone this conflicted to cover this
Chuck Todd I honestly believe he is so
dumb he believes that that's how dumb
Chuck Todd is I'm not kidding
Chuck Todd's a pretty dumb guy he's a
I'm not I'm dumb that's how I know he's
dumb because he's even dumber than me I
can see through Chuck Chuck Todd doesn't
know his ass hold from butt hole in the
ground you ever see him interview
someone you know he admitted on his own
show then he doesn't ask hard questions
because he's afraid his guests won't
come back he admitted that at his own
show Chuck Todd he tweets this out about
oh what kind of a nuke we're gonna find
out what kind of news organization
hey guess what we already know what kind
of news organization you work for
because of what ed Schultz told us but
before that Phil Donahue hey hey why did
it be C News fire Phil Donahue again
hashtag the more you know cuz he was
against the Iraq war now we know what
kind of news organization you work for
you puke well I think the the second
part of Chuck Todd's tweet was just a
sentence that somebody wrote for him
haha but I think that first part was
honestly what he planned on doing that
day like he was like what does Fox do
