hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with mike Preiser from
eyes left podcast also Abbie Barton from
Empire files and you also have another
podcast yeah maybe your roots radio on
soundcloud check it out in itunes media
roots radio on soundcloud and itunes
check it out and we're going to talk
about your show Empire files right which
has been airing on Telus sewer lately
but guess what's happening with Telus
sewer Facebook restores Telus ores page
with vague explanation of controversial
block so they took down their page twice
already this year and then they
reinstated it so let's let's let me tell
you the story and then we'll talk about
it with them the english-language page
of latin american channel Telesur has
reappeared on facebook after two days
the social network offered a vague
technical explanation for the move that
sparked concerns of censorship worldwide
the team informs me that there was
instability on the platform which caused
this problem but now everything should
be in order instability of the platform
Telesur quoted a support technician at
facebook as saying soon after the page
was restored tellus ors page had
disappeared Monday evening as Facebook
sent a form letter informing the network
it might have violated the platform's
Terms of Use without specifying which
ones and how this is an alarming
development in the light of recent
shutting down of pages that don't fit a
mainstream narrative Telesur said in a
statement reacting to the deletion
having been deleted on Facebook earlier
this year Telesur has been even more
careful with its posts and broke
absolutely none of Facebook's Terms the
network's former director Pablo vivanco
told RT so do you see that they're
already self censoring themselves anyway
did you see how they're saying there
that they've been even more careful with
its posts so that's self censorship
already Telus or has broadcast worldwide
in Spanish since 2005 and in English
since 2014 its Facebook page had almost
400,000 likes that's like ten times more
likes in the Jimmy Dore show page that's
pretty popular the network is based in
Caracas Venezuela and receives funding
from the
vermin so Venezuela Cuba Nicaragua which
I know how to say correctly because
Peter Jennings said it that way
Uruguay and Bolivia last week Facebook
deleted the page of Venezuela analysis
and outlet unrelated to Telus or that
offered left his commentary on Latin
American affairs though Facebook later
restated the page Venezuelan analysis
received no apology or explanation for
its removal hmm sounds like the
government wants a regime change in
Venezuela and the corporation's doing
their bidding to suppress information in
May Facebook announced it was partnering
with Atlantic Council a NATO allied
think-tank a NATO allied think-tank you
know was in that think tank the drinks
people like Henry Kissinger Mike Morell
former CIA director Michael Chertoff
Fame former homeland security chief who
who gave you that call colour-coded
scared the out of you thing for
about terrorism remember that that's
threat level is orange alright
that was him so these are the guys
telling Facebook what to do there it was
partnering with Atlantic Council a NATO
allied think tank to fight emerging
threats and death do you want the people
who engineered the Iraq war the
Afghanistan war the Libyan war the
Syrian war do you want those people
doing the censoring of information in
America I don't but that's what's
happening emerging threats and distant
they're fighting emerging threats and
disinformation campaigns around the
world do you know when you tell the
truth about a war the government says
that's disinformation so when we tell
the truth about the Syrian war and the
gas attacks in Syria when we tell you
the truth about them when we repeat the
truth we're then considered telling this
fomenting discord and we're giving
disinformation even though we're not the
disinformation is coming from the
government who always lies about the war
the governments we're
disinformation about war come from the
government's yet they're the ones who
are now going to take down other
people's information in their social
media because they're the one lying
about war know the ones who are telling
the truth are the ones who are being
censored the partnership has raised
concerns about Facebook restricting
content on the platform on the basis of
political views of course that's what
they're doing it for and and the reason
they're doing it is because they have to
protect you from ideas that you're not
strong enough mentally to see through or
to handle that's what this is okay so
let's just stop there
so now Abby your show Empire files which
is a fantastic show aired was airing on
Telus or now tell me what's happened
right so you know this is coming right
after this so this is part of a larger
operation that we're seeing a think-tank
that's stacked with not only not only
defense contractors and US military
agencies but oil corporations working
hand-in-glove with tech companies to
blanketly ban and censor content that it
deems you know sowing discord over
whatever the hell that means and we saw
actually a government committee last
year begged these tech companies to
preemptively do this before there was
even a law so we have Google back paging
state media already we already saw
censorship bans age sensitive content
bans you can't even go on tell us ors
twitter without signing into some sort
of restrictive sensitive content thing
you can't even watch our videos from the
ground in venezuela without signing in
on youtube because of the age sensitive
thing so on top of all of this the
sanctions that trump has put into place
with its regime change plan in venezuela
as we know trump has really ramped up
this regime change efforts on top of all
of this going on
days after Maduro was attempted to be
assassinated which we found out
allegedly was you know us-backed and the
colombian colombian destroy president
manuel santos a democratically elected
president of venezuela Maduro yes there
was a coup plot against him and who was
doing it so departing president Santos
was involved he basically told a roomful
of US business
leaders maderos days are numbered this
was right before the assassination
attempt you have right-wing pundits on
Jaime Bailey I think his name is on TV
saying that he was actually privy to a
meeting in Miami talking about how they
were going to assassinate him so this is
there there's so much out there about
why you know obviously we shouldn't
believe the US government say no we had
nothing to do with this we have john
bolton trump constantly saying when are
we gonna invade and get the oil so on
top of all of this you know amazingly
even though bush had already tried to
foment a regime change plot there with
the coup in 2002 where they kidnapped
you go shopping at the barrel of a gun
and immediately tried to privatize the
oil and shut down the constitution for
the people they never actually
implemented sanctions on Venezuela so we
didn't actually see these these kinds of
sanctions until the Obama administration
in 2015 when randomly Obama declared
Venezuela a national security threat to
us I wonder if it could be because they
have the largest oil reserves in the
world so that's what it started to get
tough for Telus or to actually pay
contract journalists not based in
Caracas fast-forward to the democratic
re-election of Maduro in may where the
sanctions were ramped up to a new unseen
level actually not seen in the region
since Nicaragua back in the 80s and we
were waging a full-blown bloody war
against Nicaragua and of course the
sanctions no they're not just against
corrupt government officials they're
against the most poor working-class
vulnerable people in the country that
are actually prohibiting food and
medicine from coming in so the sanctions
do exactly what they're intended to do
make it harder for average poor people
to live and get life-saving medication
but what it's doing actually around the
world to contract journalists who are
working with telus or is shut off the
complete ability 100% to get paid so you
know it's kind of a perfect kind of
happenstance with this latest round of
sanctions for Telus or to become
neutered and that sense so unlike you
know the far registration with RT this
big story is made about the Russian
disinformation efforts and stuff Tellis
or has been a thorn in the side of the
empire that's why it was created it was
created in a joint effort by Hugo Chavez
in Fidel Castro to counter this
corporate media propaganda that was
dedicated to overthrowing their
democratically elected governments or
you know the government's for the people
in those countries
so of course the US government hates
Telus or and this is just a happy
coincidence that Telus or is unable to
pay us shows like tariq Ali just had to
shut down as well so that's where we're
at today because of these debilitating
sanctions yeah and you know it's it's
it's kind of evident that we're talking
about just the internet censorship right
that it was politically motivated
because why was it tell us or and
Venezuela analysis you know the two
premiere news sources for left analysis
of what's going on in Venezuela you know
eight veteran analysis isn't connected
to the Venezuelan government at all so
they can't use the excuse oh it was
state propaganda or something like that
they both at the same time around the
same time got taken off without
explanation and that coincided with the
assassination attempt on president
Maduro where they flew drones packed
with c4 while he was giving a speech and
tried to blow him up while he was giving
a speech I mean in fact that they
coincide with a flat-out regime change
operation says a lot and so yeah you
know we we broke the story on an
aggressive progressive with you and this
is one another first times we're talking
about it publicly but we just you know
were four months you know when the
sanctions got ramped up after the
landslide victory by Maduro the day
after is when the Trump administration
you know had to punish them for for
making that that decision at the ballot
box but the sanctions got ramped up so
much that you know fundings been
completely cut off
more so than than it has been in the
past and so you know the it's part of a
larger operation I mean tell us ORS been
focused on as a target the entire time
the US has been trying to conduct regime
change operations there for example when
when we were in Venezuela reporting on
the ground there was a you know lynch
mobs rallied up against us we had to
hide her identity couldn't say that we
were tell us or we'd probably be killed
in the streets in fact right after we
left and we left because he was becoming
too dangerous because word got out that
we were there one of our colleagues got
shot in the back and her our whole tell
us or team got ambushed with bombs and
gunshots and they had to you know get
rescued but one got shot in the back in
the middle of the attack there is a coup
attempt now a plot a plot that was
uncovered in 2015 and one of the main
things that was part of the coup plot
was blowing up the telus or headquarters
in Caracas and so you're even the
right-wing threatens to shut it down all
the time if they take power so it's long
been associated with the government but
it's because it's this source of
information it's
of left information for not just people
all throughout Latin America but in the
United States as well about what's going
on there and so you know we're not
surprised that that the censorship is
happening because it's you know one of
the only sources for people in the u.s.
to understand oh when Trump saying we're
gonna go to war with them we're gonna
sanction them even more you know what's
the alternative side it's coming from
mainly from these two outlets tell us
where in Venezuela analysis and really
quickly just an addition is that Henry
Kissinger back in you know 1973 when the
u.s. of course overthrew Salvador
Allende another popular democratically
elected leader and installed a the reign
of terror with Pinochet there was a
campaign from the CIA to quote make
their economies scream and that's
exactly what we're seeing and he funded
discord and sow discord in that country
for years and eventually you know
overthrew that leader and so they're
doing the same thing in Venezuela
seizing the economy making it impossible
for Venezuela to recover stand on its
own two feet
not only with these debilitating
sanctions but also seize heed its
ability to borrow foreign loans and also
these other countries that also fund
tell us or we cannot get paid through
them either because they've restricted
the access to receive funds all
throughout those other countries so this
is so by the way you you are starting to
be crowdfunded correct correct your show
at paradise yeah right because it's not
you know like the Organization of
American States is part of it I mean
there's a whole campaign led by the
United States and it's you know puppets
in the region to shut down Venezuela
Cuba all the countries all the
progressive Latin American countries
that fund Taos or I'm like you know
Morales and Bolivia and so forth and so
there's a statement on our website the
Empire files TV you can go to our
Twitter at Empire files and there's a
statement there explaining in detail
what's actually happened and the the
depth of the attacks and information
about how to donate so we're we've
raised some money we should we have a
lot of stuff that we filmed that we
haven't produced yet
for example from Gaza and the great
march of return interviews with you know
rizz on the medic that was murdered and
stuff from Colombia when Abby was on the
ground Colombia and like the FARC peace
zones where the civil war ended
so there's a lot of stuff that we're
working on trying to complete
post-production on to get out but as far
after that you know it's it's uncertain
what the future of the show is I mean
there's a reason why anti imperialist
journalists like Chris Hedges
go to RT there's a reason why you know
you are doing what you do and there's
only so many places that you can really
bring the message of anti-imperialism
and challenging this kind of corporate
tyranny that we see throughout the world
and Telus or has been a wonderful medium
to do that we're super happy to be
collaborating with them and it's just
really shocking that this is happening I
never wanted to be at the place where
I'm actually you know begging for
donations to try to do our work but I
think that journalism has become so
abysmal in this country that Jimmy we
know how it is I mean 90% of everything
that we see here and read is controlled
by five corporations it's completely
subsidized by oil companies and defense
contractors and if you're challenging
these narratives you are going to be
deemed a conspiracy theorist like you
were you were actually lumped in with
white supremacists and Isis videos and
anyone who's been on the end of that
anyone who's been on the crosshairs of
the mainstream media knows that they
could be next and so we really need to
band together and and start funding each
other and lifting up the journalists
that we want to see do this work because
we cannot rely or depend on anyone doing
it for us and especially you know
marrying your content duplicating your
content and not relying on these tech
companies to host your material anymore
because we bought into the system
thinking that it could be this a gala
terian thing that we would all have an
equal playing field and it's backfired
on us Jimmy so we need to be smarter
moving forward and and you know and
basically just support the journalists
that we want to see it's really
unfortunate that we're here and I
appreciate all the support so far and
thank you for letting us come on and
talk about this so you have a patreon
page how do you how are you doing yeah
so we have GoFundMe keep Empire files
going on there and we have a patreon for
people who want to become monthly
subscribers as well okay and and where
do people go where should they go so I
think it's just patreon backslash Empire
files we also have a Bitcoin on there
you can check out media routes org and
check out the top article there's a bit
if you find us on social media that's
the top thing that's pin now is that the
statement were we going to detail with
all the informations okay
all right well everybody should do that
Act there's a little bit more I wanted
to go over this is from Rolling Stone
this is from Matt Taibbi he wrote this
more significantly did you know this
google's former head of free expression
issues in asia Luqman SI su or c blasted
the tech
Giants plan to develop a search engine
that would help the Chinese government
censor content so Google who used to
have a motto of do no evil is now doing
fascist evilness so although I got in
trouble for sayings China was fascist
there there's certainly controlled
capitalism that certainly is calming I
mean they're not communists but they're
their one state their one-party rule
what would you call I would say I would
say this is fascism
what would you say that is that well you
can still be executed if you're a CEO
who screws over all your workers so
there's a I wouldn't say it's a
capitalist country for a few reasons
okay yeah I mean well they think they
they do a certain like a government
controlled form of capitalism which is
what socialism really is anyway and so
you have planning committees and they
decide what kind of capital what they
should do so but anyway I'm not no one
could caught up in terms but that's
horrible so that's that's Google doing
the thing everyone was afraid would
happen is that here is the corporation
going hey dictatorial totalitarian
government will help you censor will
keep information about liberty and
democracy and any other thing that you
want to keep away from your citizens
will help censor it so when they go into
a search engine and they type in hey
with the way the Chinese government is
screwing us it won't come up nothing
will come up it will it will help you
with that that's what Google is doing
that's who they are
they run YouTube so there's a little
more to this article it says now so I
Matt Taibbi talks about how there used
to be a way to deal with all this stuff
if you thought there was something wrong
with someone's content you went to court
and he said but now that line is gone
depending on the platform one can be
banned for glorifying violence isn't
that every Hollywood movie ever isn't
every movie you've glorified violent
every every Bruce Willis movie every
who's then who's the guy who doesn't
like the matt mount Mel Gibson every Mel
Gibson movie is every Rambo movie every
