everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
im here with steps at murano and ron
paconne hello everybody i'm mezrab all
now we told you about this book right so
that's that book about Trump now again
the problem that a lot of people are
making is that there's big business and
being anti Trump it's also props up
Trump when you're anti Trump in a stupid
way like this so we've reported this
already that this book is first of all
this guy Michael Wolfe doesn't have the
greatest reputation he wrote some pro
Trump articles before the allah before
he got into the white house and then he
wrote this book which is all gossip and
negative unbelievably negative stuff
about Trump after he got into the White
House so a lot of people are now
questioning hey when he wrote those pro
Trump articles before he went into the
White House
were those to be believed because it
seems like he wrote those so he would
get access and now that he's got access
he's just crapping all over the Trump
administration so we're we did believe
so it's not only that but there's other
things he's done that hurt but I'm just
saying even with this he's being
questioned right and so now he doesn't
have any
he didn't fact check any of the gossip
stories that people told him he just
printed them so it led to someone like
Allison camerata she said CNN scow
Allison Cameron early Thursday offered a
stinging disclaimer around Michael
Wolf's new book which includes
allegations and accounts of of pallet
palace intrigue in the West Wing she
says it isn't really journalism we
should mention it sounds like Michael
whoops modus operandi was to let the
people he interviewed spin yarns the new
day co-hosts said regarding fire and
fury and then he didn't really
necessarily fact-check them he didn't
necessarily need to sources this isn't
really journalism this is very
interesting read but in terms of the way
they processed them
he admits in the author's note that he
let people tell their own stories and he
printed them
so we've already reported that we
already told you that stuff before and
that's when we decided we weren't gonna
buy the book and we were gonna do with
responsible journalists do let other
people buy it read it and then report on
it and they will report on their
reporting
so yeah I don't gonna give that guy my
money but um some people did read it now
he's out and he's he's also know he's
insinuated he was well that nikki Haley
who's trump Secretary of State is having
an affair with him and the sub-headline
here at the Atlantic is in an age old
story and a uniquely tiresome one a
woman's reputation sold out to sell
stuff so he's doing this too nikki Haley
now everybody seems okay you can
apparently all your journalistic what he
called journalistic guidelines go out
the window when you're dealing with
Trump nobody cares if there's no
reputation if you spend conspiracy
theories and tales about Russia on a
dossier which was completely corrupted
and paid for by his opposition all this
stuff right and so that not all goes out
the window because we all agree that we
hate Trump so we don't have to have any
journalistic standards anymore and Glenn
Greenwald pointed out that if it when
they make these mistakes they keep
having to retract their stories over and
over people get fired from CNN people
get suspended from ABC News because they
keep making these huge mistakes
reporting negative stuff on Trump and
what Glenn grinning and so they'll tell
you that no we we just make mistakes and
Glenn Greenwald said if these were
honest mistakes how come all the
mistakes are in one way all the mistakes
are in one way pushing a narrative of
that's anti-trump so he's got Disco's to
show you it's not just them making
mistakes so and that helps Trump
so when Trunk calls it fake news and
then ABC has to lay off people or put
them on suspension because they're
printing fake news about Trump and then
people have this book that goes out then
it's not so it's not fact checked and
people are touting it over this helps
Trump the way you beat Trump is to talk
about things that he's not doing to help
people and the things he's doing to hurt
people that's how you beat Trump that's
how you resist him by talking about
actual things that actually help people
not about Russia and so now this guy
Michael Wolff is now smearing nikki
Haley and apparently people are starting
to draw a line with this
because it's a woman that he's smearing
as as having an affair so this is from
the Atlantic this is from the book that
he wrote right there she had become a
particular focus of trumps attention and
he of hers he's revealed referring to
nikki Haley the president had been
spending a notable amount of private
time with Haley on Air Force One and was
seen to be grooming her for a national
political future and then during an
appearance on HBO Bill Maher
he last week he took Wolfe claimed to be
in possession of information that was
incendiary indeed so incendiary that he
could not in good conscience publish it
in the book and Bill Maher I asked him
was this about a girl woman yeah and
he's like all right and he said
absolutely sure but he lacked the
admitted smoking gun and in the
interview he said blue dress which is
referring to Bill Clinton's when he got
semen was a Monica on Monica Lewinsky's
dress and she kept the dress that's how
they could prove it so um so he's he's
there on Bill Maher he asked what is
what is it that's it you're in the book
that no one's talking about he says an
affair that trumps having with someone
right now and he hints towards this this
nikki Haley passage and so wolf what
wouldn't wolf would not in the name of
responsible journalism name names what
he would do however was give the viewers
of real time and by extension anyone
armed with the curiosity savvy and 1799
a clue so they could figure out for
themselves the identity of the
president's alleged paramour so everyone
knew what his insinuation was it was
nikki Haley it was her having this
affair and this is the kind of smear
stuff that he does right so this is his
book no it's just people telling stories
not a bit fact-check it's just a gossip
book right so it's like just a gossip
book so it's like a National Enquirer in
book form exactly yeah
right so that's what this guy's book is
and so he so this helps her so we also
share
on this show someone wrote a book called
collusion it's a New York Times
bestseller and it's called collusion and
Aaron Mattei from real News interviewed
the author of that book and for a
half-hour he couldn't say where the
collusion was guy authored a book called
Kalu that helps Trump when you write a
book called collusion and there isn't
any that helps Trump this when this guy
writes this book and there's no facts
and it helps Trump okay just right would
you agree would you would you both agree
that this helps in this whole rhetorical
situation it is a gossip column posing
it's news yes okay so here he goes on
Morning Joe ball and Morning Joe ball
isn't there Bert mica is there our
professional pearl clutch sure but guess
what she'd guess what she does morning
mica gives it to this guy let's watch so
they're all they Vulcan so it's funny
how you can slander smear without any
Russia gate knowing but no proof no mad
everybody's a Putin puppet no proof you
could do Red Scare and McCarthyism but
you better not try to say oh another
woman even if she's hated is a floozy
and having sex with Trump that's where
they drew they draw the line why point
in time where we are is this aside when
you're talking about a woman who's a
high profile woman in the any evidence
without any facts it just seems that it
is so irresponsible first thing I didn't
go after her and secondly what I what I
certainly what I am his eyes are all
over the place yeah
daddy's a towel big-time that's called a
tell what huh what uh let me think
what's my glove hmm so I didn't go after
her I insinuated a smear that's
different right that's what he okay yeah
all right let's listen to more I found
it puzzling that she would deny
something she was not accused of wait a
minute Oh what I don't know he he puts
it that woman who I again was implying
and was kind of subtly smearing I wonder
why she responded to it that to be a
suspect she I'm sorry what yeah and the
thing she clarified what she was like
every time I've been on Air Force One
there's been other people there like
that that was basically like what she's
yeah she responded she responded to a
smear go ahead it's almost like she
answered the phone yeah oh my phone and
responded yeah okay so here's more of
this guy can I just step in here let's
let's put this next question the entire
credibility of your book which was
written really quickly excuse me your
book yes let's put it on the spot which
was written really really quickly excuse
me your your book like she's not taking
any guff from him today buddy right it
was like he was surprised he had one
excuse me
oh yeah I did that a hell of a
weekend mmm I was proud myself do you
regret inferring anything about Nikki
hailey III didn't infer anything about
Nikki hailey by the way they're misusing
the term you certainly are the term is
imply infer means that you're you are
trying to come up with a theory off of
information that's you infer you hmm
implying is when you I'm not good with
words but you know what I'm saying
what I imply is what you do to someone
I'm implying this infer is when you you
are on the receiving end of information
right is that clear mm okay that's me
without a dictionary you know that's
pretty good here we go
I inferred was that the
resident is is that many of the people
believe he is still involved with
various women no but you said she spent
a lot of time so he's trying to dodge
she's saying no a lot of people around
the president believe he's still having
an affair and they're like yeah and you
implied it was nikki Haley that's what
they're getting he's trying to say he
didn't and he keeps da beast he's
dodging okay private time with totally
totally I mean that's exactly what
people report and now and specifically
that was about her bid to become the
Secretary of State so everywhere in the
White House
okay we're suddenly in a you know in
quite a panic that this was actually
happening which is why they put Paola
has embraced it I'm gonna go as far as
to say that you might be having a fun
time playing a little game dancing
around this but you're slurring a woman
it's disgraceful it's an and mica again
it's a again so if you're not smearing
someone you don't go let's yeah again if
someone says you're smearing a woman you
go I'm not smearing her and then you go
up again which is not what he's doing
it's it's he's also not using he's not
referencing any facts right he just
keeps saying you know every person in
every area of the White House had
concerns what are you talking about
right again he's just talking he's
talking to keep talking because he's
stuck right some would say yes that's
exactly what he's doing so now it gets
now is when it really heats up ready
she has been accused of nothing she has
decided to deny what she has not been
accused of certainly I didn't accuse her
of this so again he hasn't directly
overtly accused her of this he's done in
a very scummy way he's doing it in with
innuendo and and in smeary ways right so
he's like I have an acute yeah you've
done it actually in ass coming your way
and now here comes his comeuppance the
wait are you suggesting I suggest think
the language is not ambiguous in any way
and the things that you've said in the
way you've stated are you kidding you're
on the set of morning gel
we don't be us here well what's read me
the language are you kidding me I'm not
reading you and play the bill money you
don't get it I don't remember
I'm sorry this is awkward you're here on
the set with us but we're done Michael
Wolfe thank you we're gonna go to break
now bye everyone
BAM and I can't believe that now there
should be a TV show just for when people
have to leave the set like this that
let's watch now Michael Wolff has to
leave the Morning Joe set yeah they do
like a post post interview thing like in
reality TV yes basically what this was
anyway got America's Got Talent Heather
the backstage watching the whole thing
you know how they do that right is that
America's Got Talent
yeah that's all yes like all these good
they go back to it right like that
should be a show Michael Wolff storms
out like they're all wrong about me
pretty things that like just hold to me
that's all I did
willy-nilly I'm printing things
willy-nilly you know Jimmy after
watching this I inferred that Mika is
really pissed off ah that's what I
inferred I think she means to imply she
is right yes yeah inferring is when
you're deducing implying is when you're
implying
so that was wild to see I just so again
the whole point you never see that oh my
gosh I can't say you never see it cuz we
just saw it can I see it one more time
just think the language is not ambiguous
in any way and the things that you've
said in the way you've come on stated
are you kidding you're on the set of
Morning Joe
we don't be us here what's leave me the
language
are you kidding me I'm not reading you
and play the bills like you don't get it
you don't get bobbing about I'm sorry
this is awkward
you're here on the set with us but we're
done Michael Wolfe thank you
we're gonna go to break now bye everyone
wow that's like that hacky new joke
awkward you know people always do that
awkward right that's what that's what
that is but that's hacky so I won't do
it I'll just imply I just out loud imply
that I did it I'm not accusing anyone of
anything I'm not accusing anyone of
being awkward it's word that he would
respond to me saying he's awkward all
right god bless america that was fun so
again don't don't do stuff like this
this helps Trump it doesn't hurt Trump
that stupid book helps Trump it doesn't
hurt Trump all the Russia's stuff that
Rachel Maddow does helps Trump
it doesn't hurt Trump what can I add
something on that it's like when you do
that like this is Hollywood gossip this
is like you said a gossip column in the
form of a book Trump is a reality TV guy
you're basically playing by his rules at
something he's good at what does Trump
not one Trump doesn't want able to call
him out on policy people to call him out
on how he let down all the promises he
made how he you know drained the drain
to drain the swamp confound his cabinet
people don't want that's what he doesn't
want playing the game by his rules by
making it a real-life reality TV show
that's exactly what he wants so take
note Mick resistance you're not helping
yeah that's that's what's called Mick
resistance mm-hmm yeah but good Formica
huh look at Myka foot ah stand it up
no pearl clutching that day no pearl
clutching she just went right I haven't
that was ballsy huh ah I was I want to
see more days when Joe's not there
mm-hmm right because that seems like she
took on josub cantankerous personality
there a little bit right
that is pretty heavy too like she
basically just on a huge cable network
was like this segments over over over
that's right boy imagine how upset she
must have been when she
not how much less she was making than
Joe and now they're married so no effing
in the workplace its unless you get
married by the way that's the rule
everywhere now you can't have sex at the
worst play in the workplace unless you
get married then it's okay isn't that
weird it's like the workplace is a
church like yeah ah
wouldn't that be again now if that came
out that Joe was was banging somebody at
his show that would be banned right yeah
yeah especially it's because the show's
called Morning Joe so it's his show so
he's the boss and anybody he's banging
has to be under him hmm I think we can
infer it would be bad I could think we
could all right hey please make sure
you're subscribed and come see us we got
a new we're gonna be in San Diego that's
right
San Diego whoa February 24th February
24th that's a Saturday night February
24th we're gonna be doing a stand-up
show that's Jeff that's right a stand-up
show in San Diego what's the name of the
place how many Palace the comedy palace
7 p.m. 7 p.m. show on Saturday night
February 24 link for tickets right there
that's just in a few weeks so get your
tickets right there and we'll see you
there we'll see you in Austin and we'll
see you in Burbank all those shows are
coming up
[Music]
