so in New York City Alexandria Acacio
Cortez is a progressive upstart running
against Joe Crowley who's been a
centrist and who doesn't even live in
the district and doesn't really
represent the people so here's an
interesting story justice Democrats
which is a party invented two primary
corporate Democrats ROH Khanna is one of
the most prominent members of the
Justice Democrats he's the congressman
from Silicon Valley here in California
ro Khanna doesn't take corporate money
and he's very progressive and he's
anti-war and all that stuff all the good
things you want Medicare for all free
college he endorsed roe Crowley which
everyone considered to be the corporate
Democrat and the one who's in the
leadership position he's they say he's
next to take over for Nancy Pelosi or
he's positioning himself for that so Roe
endorsed Joe Crowley and everyone went
wait a minute you're supposed to be a
Justice Democrat and you're a
progressive why would you and why would
you endorse that guy so he then took a
lot of heat on Twitter and social media
for a whole day and after that day he
came out and said this he said I have
listened today to hundreds of
progressives from around the nation who
have been inspired by Ocasio
twenty-eight campaign I am equally
inspired and dual endorsing her I
explained why I support Joe but I want
to affirm Ocasio Cortez's bold
progressive positions as a son of
immigrants I feel strongly we need more
millenials women of color
disenfranchised communities entering the
political process she is a trailblazer
competition is good and the voters of
the New York 14th district will only
benefit from the spirited elections
that's Roe kana so that's what he said
we're gonna have him explain his
decision and a lot lot more right now
roe Connor
ladies and gentlemen hi everybody
welcome to the Jimmy Dore show we're
talking with friend of the show
Congressman Rokon he represents
California's 17th district and he
recently made the decision to co endorse
both Joe Crowley and Alexandria Cassio
Cortes over in New York's 14th district
race for Congress Ocasio Cortes is the
progressive challenger to Crowley the
establishment Democrat rose here today
to try to explain why he decided to Co
endorse both of them so ro go ahead and
tell us what happened you first endorsed
Joe Crowley and now and and tell us tell
us why you endorse Joe what's all this
remember Congress Joe's are a conference
chair in in the house and I had done a
bill with barbara Lee on legalizing
marijuana and Joe ended up supporting
that bill and getting folks on board
with it and you know he got on Medicare
for all and got on the as an original
sponsor to the workplace democracy Act
which would allow and make it easier for
unions to organize so you asked me for
for my support and I said okay here's
someone who's in my turban Congress
moves to the left supporting my
legislation and all heard it now you
know the mistake I made in candor was
that I really didn't follow Alexandria
audio Cortez's campaign and she's you
know she's run a phenomenal race gotten
most the progressive groups and
activists behind her she's clearly the
more progressive candidate she had
pointed out that you know choose for a
federal job guarantees I think any
corporate tax money internal you know I
remember what it was like running
against an incumbent and I said I don't
you know I want to be supportive of her
and the best thing I thought I could do
in the circumstance was to endorse her
as well which made me the only member of
Congress or senator in the entire body
who has supported her campaign or
frankly as she puts it acknowledged her
campaign she's pleased with it and a lot
of folks have been pleased with it but
fairly I've been criticized by a number
of folks and well why are you
dual endorsing and why don't you rescind
your endorsement of Crowley and why
don't you just endorse her but I feel
comfortable with my decision and think
it's in a good place so you're you were
one of the I think maybe the first
member of the justice
Democrats so you're you're a part of
that organization the Justice Democrats
formed by Kyle kolinsky and Genki auger
yeah and so that that group or that
organization was formed specifically to
primary corporate Democrats and so you
can see why it leaves a lot of people
scratching their head when you endorse
someone who who's a corporate Democrat
perceived to be over a very progressive
candidate so that's why it's it's see
and also in in Dianne Feinstein's race
you you didn't endorse the Justice
Democrat in that race either you
endorsed the Kevin de Lyonne so that
seems kind of can you explain that like
if you're a part of an organization no
okay go ahead so when I when I joined a
Justice Democrats and if you talk to
Kyle recorded I said explicitly I'm
happy to stick to all of the platform
but there's no way that I can endorse
every candidate that you're running on
the slate and you're running assistance
to candidate I will endorse individually
but I'm not bid to endorsing the slate
and in fact I talked to gentian and
Android ads and Corbin explosively about
that now I've endorsed probably 16 just
as Democrats and a lot of them across
the country more than any person in
Congress by far but there have been a
few races where I haven't endorsed the
Justice Democrat one of them was in
Feinstein's race now it was the only
California Democrat I think of maybe
Jimmy Gomez also who adores against
Feinstein so it was a bold enough group
that doe against Feinstein but at the
time I thought you know Kevin would have
a better chance of making it through the
top two and I didn't want a Republican
making it through the top two and Dianne
Feinstein not having any competition so
that was my logic behind supporting
Kevin Knight you know like Allison
hearts and I think she's done a great
thing and said nice things about her but
I was explicit that even with her that I
you know thought Kevin would be able to
give a more formidable
challenged and his knotted professes as
I am on some issues but he's certainly
far more progressive in you know in most
of the other cases in many cases I
stayed out of it about 16 cases I've
supported the justice Democrat I Crowley
case you know it was it literally that
we had worked on the legislation
together that he had been working with
the Progressive Caucus but I do see
given how inspiring Octavio's campaign
is in retrospect I wish I had just
stayed out of it
I think it's turned out well endorsement
for her has created probably more
attention and momentum and she's been
very very gracious about it yeah yeah
ironically this actually has gotten more
attention to her race so it probably has
helped her you know an unintended
consequence that actually I think has
shined more light on the race and gotten
her more press and people more people
are aware of her because of it so and
she has thanked you so and she has and
encouraged people who support her to as
ji said get your back so you know I'm
not trying to be a politician it was a
mistake you know I think the correct
thing to do is what Bernie does in one
of these races you know he just stays
out of it I mean you can't he's very sad
all the principles he's also and in
politics and he understands look you've
got to work with colleagues you can't go
endorsing against every one of your
colleagues or your now you're gonna get
any legislation but you certainly don't
have to go affirmative we endorse people
you don't agree with and it was a it was
a mistake I'm not perfect that I should
have probably stayed out of it and
that's going to be my cue with the in
the future if there is a a progressive
alternative I'm just gonna either
endorse the poor progressive alternative
or stay out of it I think what rug
people want the wrong way was why you
endorse someone who's not progressive
and there's when there's no need to like
you said I think it worked out and I
think Dave and Alexandra will tell you
that it's worked out in her benefit but
for me it was a learning experience and
you know when I make a mistake I'll
admit I was wrong
not you've you previously said that you
are to the right of Bernie Sanders what
are what at what positions what policies
are you to the right of him on I saw
that article in the intercepts I don't I
don't necessarily that's not how I would
characterize it I would say that I'm a
little bit different in certain
perspectives let me give you one example
in our Federal jobs guarantee plan
Bernie's plan is only public sector jobs
I have said that that's that's good but
I have said that we also have it at the
private sector jobs and the reason I
said that is when FDR had the right to a
job in the New Deal he talked about the
right to a job in farms in an industry
and in mines but you look at Denmark's
subsidized employment model they
actually have subsidized employment for
the private sector as well when was
about a hundred and twenty six million
private sector jobs in this country
about twenty three million government
jobs and I don't think people should be
not have any opportunity in the private
sector particularly good union jobs you
know painters Glazer's electricians you
know we ought to be subsidizing some of
those apprenticeship programs so there
are areas that are not obviously no
person is a hundred percent aligned but
when it comes to his core principles of
medicare-for-all when it comes to free
public college when it comes to labor
organizing in the role of unions getting
corporate money and PAC money out of
politics you know I have supported and
advocated for for a lot of those those
policies so you know this this flap over
your endorsements which seems to have
actually worked out for the better for
everybody involved except for maybe Joe
Crowley it's kind of highlighting the
problem that progressives have with the
Democratic Party right so you know my
theory here at this show is I support
progressives wherever they are if
they're a Democrat and independent or a
Republican but also I were questioning
the strategy of trying to take over the
Democratic Party because it's not
happening two years after
Bernie's primary run here we are sending
Diane Feinstein Nancy Pelosi and Kamala
Harris they're the representatives from
the bluest of the blue states so this
when Bernie would say he sounds like
you're ready for a revolution and now it
sounds like everybody including Bernie
is working for incremental ISM isn't
what you guys are doing the definition
of incrementalism right now well let me
it's a great question let me say two
things one on policy I think there has
been a pretty seismic shift I mean how
many people were talking about
medicare-for-all now you have even
moderate Democrats endorsing Medicare
for all you've got free public college
become the the mantra for it for the
Democratic most of the Democratic Party
the biggest difference I think has been
on foreign policy and we've talked about
that this Jimmy often I mean we've been
in some very senseless wars and there is
a emerging consensus in the Democratic
Party that we should not be in aiding
Saudi Arabia we shouldn't have been
strikes have strikes in Syria frankly I
criticize Schumer for his hawkish nasaan
North Korea but there's several House
members ibly we actually should be
diplomacy though so I think
ideologically the party is shifting into
a pop of too less militarism more
economic justice carrying that the Poor
People's Campaign and economic rights
the question is you know have the face
has changed and that is a long process
look I ran for Congress twice and lost
before I won a Bernie ran I think four
races before he won and it's just with
name ID and with the that the challenges
are getting elected that takes time but
you had I would argue the Bernie
delegates take over the California
Democratic Party Dianne Feinstein didn't
get the endorsement of California
Democrat you've had a tremendous energy
on the ground the fact that you know
move on to the work is now endorsing
Voltaggio the fact that I
responded to people energy of four
Acacio should should signal that people
are listening or if they're not
listening they're ignoring where the
energy is and I think it's it's a matter
of cycles but that's where the party is
is headed now you know we've talked
about this before
I don't diss decry third parties I think
third parties make our democracy
stronger and if there are people who are
supportive of third parties and when a
run is a third party candidate or
support a third party candidate to put
pressure on people like me that's fine
that's democracy and that means that
that raises the stake for me to earn
your vote and your trust you know you
you frame the party as having moved to
the left and some of the rhetoric has
moved to the left but in fact their
policies have moved to the right Nancy
Pelosi just endorsed pay-go
now you know if the leader of the party
endorses Pago that means any progressive
programs are out the window that's a
conservative idea it's being pushed at
the top of the party also in the Senate
Chuck Schumer just let the Democrats an
able deregulation of Wall Street once
again and all the Democrats voted for
the extra eighty billion dollars a year
for the Pentagon so the so it's their
rhetoric seems to be moving left but
they seem to be moving to the right in
fact the Democratic Party just passed
another rule that seems to be
specifically aimed at anyone who isn't a
party loyalist like Bernie Sanders
saying you have to be a Democrat in good
standing and who gets to decide that the
party will decide and if they don't
think you're a Democrat good standing
you get you don't get to run in the
primary so my I guess Mike my question
is again do you think the Democratic
Party could be saved because it doesn't
seem like even losing to trump has
changed them even a little bit bring a
very fair point I mean I blasted the
Democrats who voted for deregulation of
Wall Street dodd-frank there were a
number of them in the house in the
Senate and basically they were acting as
if this deregulation would have helped
community banks but that what they were
deregulating were banks worth
hundred billion dollars up to two
hundred and fifty billion dollars I
don't know anyone who believes a hundred
billion dollar bank is a community bank
and all dodd-frank said is that those
banks with a hundred billion dollars
should have some basic capital so that
if they go under or if they make a bad
bet they have the money to cover it and
it's simply the taxpayers bailing it out
so that was a terrible vote and if you
folks following me on social media will
see that I explicitly called out the
boats who voted that way to push back
come within my own party and Elizabeth
Warren had called them out as well now I
agree with you Pago is also a wrong
policy I have cited Stephanie Kelton's
work
she's an economist and I don't for the
life of me understand why the Democrats
don't say we're going to invest in
education and health care and jobs and
that's going to create 4% economic
growth that's the only thing that ever
has grown the economy and that's how
we're going to be financially strong
instead we're always seeming like we're
trying to pay for things and be cautious
with the deficit the Republicans talk
about tax cuts job creation economic
growth so it's not just substantively
wrong it's politically wrong and I think
we did it's constraining our party we
ought to be a more aspirational party
that talks about our policies leading to
economic growth so I agree with you
substantively there I completely agree
with you that these military budgets are
insane increases you can't criticize it
down in Crump and then give them another
eighty billion dollars to wage war over
over in 14 countries overseas
I voted I'm on the Armed Services
Committee but I voted against that
budget as it's quite a few House members
as they're Bernie Sanders and in the
Senate so there aren't there is a core
group of us who believe we need a strong
economic populist policy and restraint
on military spending will point out that
we've spent a 2 and a half trillion
dollars in outlays on Iraq and
Afghanistan you could have had policies
to have everyone have a free college
education you could have an
infrastructure to have added jobs Kroger
I score that money toward Medicare for
all
but the question you're asking is is
this fight winnable within the
Democratic Party or not I obviously I am
a Democrat I believe it is winnable in
the Democratic Party I believe we've had
leaders like FDR I believe we've had
leaders like Paul Wellstone we saw the
success of Bernie Sanders you've had
people like Mario Cuomo will speak about
the promise of some of these ideals and
so I I do think it's a it's a winnable
fight within the party but it is going
to be a fight so you think the
Democratic Party can be reformed and it
can be saved from itself
I don't now look I I will I think that
Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren and
that mind you need to be the nominee of
the party 2020 I mean I think they have
to have someone who is not going to have
that progressive deal I think is going
to have a lot of backlash so I I think
we need to nominate someone on the top
of the ticket 2020 who is a real
progressive should Democrats even take
money from the military-industrial
complex well what I said is you know we
should take corporate PAC money or PAC
money of any kind we shouldn't take
lobbyist money everyone has their own
ability of where they take money
everyone's money comes from in all
details but I do know their voting
record and what I'm concerned about is
why are you having people vote for
military budgets why are you having the
vote for interventions why are you
having them vote for deregulation I
think they should be held to account for
that otherwise you know we're an
imperfect system I mean I said let's get
rid of the private money every American
get $50 to spend on campaigns across
fondle and I put out this proposal of
democracy dollars you know we're
probably getting it a few people signing
up for it but until we can get that type
of reform people are in an imperfect
system so
you so you're the congressman from
Silicon Valley what is Silicon Valley
what do they most want you to do for
them well you know right now they are in
they probably care about their
reputation I mean they they have had a
huge hit
with Facebook in Cambridge analytical
scandal they saw themselves as the good
guys in the world a lot of people are
asking asking questions but you know
they don't agree with all of my policies
I mean I said that their tax is oversi
should be taxed I said that h-1b visas
need to be reformed that it's been
abused and hurting actually American
