everybody welcome Jimmy Dorsey oh I'm
here with Richard a scowl rjs cow from
the zero hour how are you Richard I'm
doing fantastic also here at the
miserable liberal hi Steph
I'm miserable I wanted to show people
this Shaun King tweeted this out he said
I really do wish many of you would
consider giving Bernie a second chance
or at least attend a Bernie event in
person to wrap your mind better around
what's going on and why so many people
support him just writing him off
completely says more about you than him
I don't know who he's talking to
80 some percent of the Democratic like
well actually 92 percent according to
polls of 92 percent of a Democratic
Party has a favorable view of Bernie
Sanders right and then there's that 8
percent that dozen or Johnny grass calls
I'm the hate percent right members
literally just hate percent of the
Democratic Bay party that has a negative
view of Bernie Sanders so I don't know
who he's so is that what that must be
who he's talking to those people well
yeah no look I think that I take that as
being a reflection of Twitter as this
distorted and social media in general as
this distorted environment that Sean
like so many of us is getting all sorts
of hate about Bernie because that 8%
probably does 60% of the Democratic
liberal tweeting on social media
partially and I know here's another
thing that's the correct the record
ah exactly exactly where you know I
wrote a piece after after the primary
was over and there was fighting over
like the convention and how it was gonna
go on all of that and they were sale
Bernie doesn't have any leverage he lost
that was the party line right I wrote a
piece for The Huffington Post called yes
Bernie has leverage deal with it and
that that piece got hundreds and
hundreds of comments away Facebook the
way having a post word you had to be on
Facebook to comment you had to have a
Facebook account so it got hundreds and
hundreds of comments and I said and they
were all the same and I started thinking
like who's behind this because we'd
already know David Brock they're gonna
a million dollars correct the record you
know sort of infiltrating social media
with you know they're all outraged when
Russia does it but they do it themselves
right and so I started like following
like and it would be like a Facebook
page with like no picture and no
timeline and you know it was clearly
just the olfactory yeah and and then you
get other people who are obviously
paying you a share blue or whatever yes
these other places that are obviously
they are troll factories it's just that
they're not at least directly being paid
by Russia they're they may be being paid
by the bank that paid bill clinton or
whatever but certainly there i don't
know about it but but okay so to you
it's okay you don't mind trolls and BOTS
and and people distorting the social
discussion as long as they're money's
coming from Wall Street and you know
what I mean if you believe in democracy
you should hate this just as much as you
hate any other troll farm I couldn't
agree with you more
so he's trying to implore I guess that
hate percent of people who say they
don't like Bernie Sanders which it's
just great like I don't that's just a
crazy thing if you're anyway especially
since those people who don't like him
are the people who demanded Bernie
Sanders supporters vote for Hillary
Clinton I'm sure they would demand the
same of themselves to support whoever
the Democratic nominee is I'm sure that
Bernie were the nominee that they would
just say look you got a vote for the
nominee yeah to you he's the lesser of
two evils right yeah that'll be so
here's what so here's what this got him
so this is what that got Shaun King to
write that he said at this point this is
one underneath that at this point if you
don't vote for a Democrat in 2020 you
are aiding and abetting the GOP Russian
alt-right coup the political reality I
in math is just that stark
so hey Californians we it this is
amazing to me what what he's so now
they've upped the ante now not only are
you not only a bad person for not
supporting Hillary Clinton or a
corporatist war monger against
you are now literally aiding and
abetting you're now a traitor to our
country first of all I like the fact
that he does you with just the letter U
it's very like 1990 Prince very retro
look for him despite the fact that you
now have 280 characters but that aside
look you know they've been playing this
game as long as I've been around which
is a ridiculously long time you know
they've just this is always no oh no
you're helping Nixon oh no you're
helping Reagan oh no you're helping now
I'm gonna sound like Eudora yeah now
you're just helping this is the old game
no if you don't put up a Democrat that
people want to vote for maybe you are
aiding and abetting yeah right cool so
it's Shawn Masterson
it was a hundred only 17 retweets and a
hundred fifty-three lights usually stuff
like that gets now it's just to make the
math is just that stark yes the math is
just that Stark says the person who
thinks 13 Twitter trolls in one Facebook
ad brought down a billion dollar
campaign right two billion dollars
that's right that's right the math is
just that stark Richard says the person
who wants to shame people who's
candidate recert and received less than
1% of the vote
now that's who's responsible right the
math is just that sir says the person
who blames everything except the
electoral college you know Hillary
Clinton literally got three million more
votes than Donald Trump
so wagging your finger at buck and
Steele Stein voters Jill Stein got less
than 1% of the vote
it's the Electoral College there there's
a million things that you should be
angry at people voting their conscience
is the last thing you should be angry at
and they're not just angry about it they
are actually filled with hatred words
about a vile gut hatred that just has no
pot smoke and you know reggae listening
whatever their thing is whatever their
mental images are just the worst of the
worst it's like you know what pot
smoking reggae listening people whatever
you think of them they're really
generally not that malicious you know
you don't really deserve all that hate
number one number two maybe it's like if
you don't like voters enough to want to
go out and that and
their vote then maybe politics is not
the line of business for yes yes exactly
in so what what we've said here is that
Hillary Clinton was the first candidate
in history who wasn't expected to garner
votes through campaigning you're just
supposed to get those votes you just you
just owe them to her and now that's
continued because now people just keep
saying this is the continuance of us
just vote Democrats that's what the
Democrats guess what I what I just what
I wanted come get my vote get my vote
come and get my vote already backs
quit quit yelling this is a quit voter
shaming and start politician shaming
start wagging your finger and Hillary
and for being a part of administration
and Barack Obama administration that
opened the Arctic to drilling twice that
took two wars to seven that made the
bank's bigger and kick 5.1 million
families out of their homes so they can
make the bank's better
who let cops crack the heads of peaceful
protesters at Occupy Wall Street who
didn't put on a soft shoe to help union
workers that's who you should be there's
a million people for you to be angry at
voter shaming for environmentalists
would be the last person that I would be
it's amazing this this is their strategy
from 2016 it didn't work this is the
exact same strategy can't you have to
vote for her cuz Trump you have to vote
for someone because someone else is a
bigger nightmare that failed in 2016 but
you know what the Democrats say it's
never too early to start a restart a
failed message that's what the Democrat
vote for us you horrible person that's
what they're about no no is and it's
been their message for a very very long
time but you know why it failed in 2016
why because the math is just that stark
hey vote for us don't be an idiot you
Russian dummy that's that's theirs
that's their site selling pitch right
well you know that the classic moment to
me was when Clara Jeffrey who is the
publisher of Mother Jones tweet and I
know you've I'm sure you've talked about
this on the show I've never hated
Millennials more do you know about that
today I've never hated Millennials Mort
well that'll bring them running
candidate yes yeah okay I vote for
people who hate me too oh yeah yeah yeah
that's what I want politicians who hate
me
you know what I'm waiting for them to
say don't be a deplorable vote Democrats
yeah stop that's really gonna bring the
people ready to your party here's the
Democrats reach out reach out right so
oh you're a misogynist this will you're
disobedient basement dweller you're a
Russian troll you're a socialist you're
a trump supporter your appearance ah
you're a privileged white Matt you're a
Bernie bro now vote for us right that's
great now vote for us that image is
great that's fine I can't read the guys
name J brands yeah well the J is done a
good job there yes he has done a great
job and you know this idea that you have
to vote Democrats because of the
Republicans here's the 16 Democrats who
voted to roll Bank roll back the banking
regulations just now they got in bed
with Trump to do this against the will
of the people go ahead this is what I
was just writing about these guys that
bill that permits or that that takes the
brakes off because they never stop doing
it banks to discriminate against people
of color and they also discriminate
mortgage lending against women to that
bill that gives a green light to that
that bill that had a special favor put
in for Citigroup and the other biggest
of the big banks even though what they
say it's for for community banks but
it's not that bill that by the way
Citigroup which is the Democratic which
staffed Barack Obama's administration
ministration and was created by the
Clinton administration ministration he
created Citigroup me because he got rid
of the regulations that said you
couldn't and then write that said you
couldn't merge travellers and stores
insurance and Citibank and then of
course his own Treasury secretary Robert
Rubin went on to become the CEO of
Citigroup and should go into jail but
didn't because Obama was presiding over
education so there you have your Maggie
Hassan and jeanne Shaheen and Heidi
Heitkamp and Mark Warner Tim Kaine
Hillary's as you've mentioned running
mate Claire McCaskill John tester Doug
Jones the you know so look we could go
on and on but the point is these 16
Democrats obviously some other Democrats
didn't and you know what Elizabeth
Warren has been going after these guys
sherrod Brown but the fact is that this
vague Republic
couldn't have done it without these guys
that's right well also be every every
every I'm sorry to cut you off Jimmy but
I'm getting upset the every single one
of these guys should face a strong
primary challenge and you know what I
say get out of my Democratic Party you
are not representing my needs and you
certainly aren't representing people of
color or the struggling class you're
making it harder yes for us to succeed
and you know rich you're so right about
you know these women that are supposed
to be proponents in support of hashtag
women 2 times up what are you doing
screwing them over
you're not only screwing them over
you're going to screw their children
over yes yes right so but they're slight
you got a vote for that you got you
can't not support it you have corporate
so what this guy says here is that you
have to vote for them no matter what or
else you're a GOP Russian all right
you're part of that if you want if you
don't vote for these people who are
screwing you over as hard is it by the
way this is the point that a lot of
people miss the Democratic leadership
let this happen people go no chuck
schumer voted against it chuck schumer
could have killed this on the motion a
motion to proceed they need 60 votes on
a motion to proceed Chuck Schumer could
have killed it he didn't do it
he allowed this to happen this is Chuck
Schumer secretly wanting this bill to
pass that's what this is so this is the
Democratic leadership pretending to
resist Trump which is why we got Trump
in the first place because they don't
resist they have no plan they don't want
to break up the banks they don't want to
put regulations on the banks I'm talking
about the Democratic leadership they
don't want to do it they don't want to
break the ball at war smaller they don't
want to make the bank smaller they don't
want to have give you foot
medicare-for-all that's why you got to
stop voting for them and if you pledge
your vote to the Democratic Party before
the election that's why you get this you
dummies that's why this happens pledging
your votes to people who don't represent
your you is the dumbest thing you could
do before
oh no we're gonna hold their feet to the
fire after the election you can't get
him to cotton to your ideas before the
election have you ever heard anything
dumber than that you know how the Tea
Party took over the Republican Party by
stopping voting for those a mother F
absolutely they just said well okay you
know do it but it sure nominate the guy
we don't like but we're not gonna vote
for it yeah yeah I'm all for that
I'm all for that I'm all for primary
increasing every single one of them I'm
for Paula Swearengen in West Virginia
primary and Joe Manchin I would
primarily and they tell you not to pray
you know they get so offended when
somebody primaries a sitting Democratic
senators yeah no no we don't have a
House of Lords and that's right you know
you got it right for the seat yeah if
you don't if you don't represent me I'm
gonna run somebody against so no they
would say oh you got a vote for Claire
McCaskill because she's in a red state
what's the point of having a Democrat in
a red state if they vote Republican well
and that there's no point also that's
based on the false logic that says that
the only way to win in a red state is by
pretending to be a Republican try being
a liberal left the recipe somebody who
says I mean look Missouri that that
state used to go Democratic you know
Monty you can win in the West with it
you know you just have to run a very
different kind of candidate somebody
who's really going to you know every
state in the Union most people are
working poor people people like say yes
people like Bernie Sanders message
something with Bernie Sanders message I
would like to give that a litmus test
hey I'm not gonna be bought by
corporations I'm gonna take your worries
of health care away from you and I'm
gonna provide your kids with free
college that's a winning message no
matter where you go the majority of the
country's for Medicare for All right now
as the only people are against that
seems to be still the Democrats you know
my head is snapping back when I keep
reading all the numbers that these
people have received from financial
sector I mean look at how much Michael
Bennett has received oh that's low these
are these are very low I went through
the numbers for a piece I'm writing now
they look no they're about right yeah
Mike Michael Bennett to be honest I
can't see them from here 1 million 908
for Bennett yeah that sounds about right
but you also have to throw in their
security and investment there's also
commercial banking there's also
lobbyists there's also lawyers and law
firms some of which is also influence
peddling on behalf of Wall Street it's
these 16 people together
got 24 million from Wall Street got 42
million from law firms got 4 million
from lobbyists and 10 million from
promoting women's issues and so they're
gonna make sure to pass a bill that
discriminates against women but we need
to be worried about Russia's influence
in our government is that that's what
that's what MSNBC would tell you the
Washington Post the New York Times and
most of your lefty news organizations
today would tell you don't worry about
that let's make let's worry about Russia
then they'll give lip service say oh no
this is important too but we're gonna
talk about Russia and Trump ninety-nine
percent of the time I'm gonna go out on
a limb here and suspect that you've
discussed Adam Schiff on this yes we
have a discussed and yes okay you can be
as wall street a Democrat as you want
just make sure your Twitter feed is all
Russia all the time yes and you're a
hero of the resistance your that's your
that's what we call Mick resistance
that's not real resistance that's why we
got Trump if you want to know talked
about the fearless girl statue on the
show
no the fearless girl statue which
everybody was celebrating you know you
have the wall street ball and then
somebody put up the fearless girl
standing up against the wall street bull
and everybody's saying this was a this
girl was a symbol of the resistance it
was a wall street bank that put up the
fearless girl that is to me the perfect
metaphor for what Democrats like these
yeah which is to say to put up a
symbolic component to a symbolic
oppressor but it's all funded by the
same people that's the metaphor that's
the living metaphor okay we're gonna end
it Sarah was awesome way to head in that
segment Wow
it's a symbolic resistance to a symbolic
oppressor the oppressor isn't Trump the
oppressor is the system that gave us
trump would that be with am i
misinterpreting your metaphor yeah that
would be it so the problem is he's a
temporary
he's a temporary lever in a system of
gears right right Trump is he's not the
Trump Trump didn't take us to
Afghanistan for 17 years trumped in
start the Iraq war he didn't do Libya he
didn't take the banks and make him
bigger he didn't write so this any of
these these Democrats who are now
nostalgic for George w yeah stick around
in 10-15 years I'll be nostalgic for
Donald Trump oh yeah haha yeah it'll be
someone worse than Donald Trump yeah
yeah okay
the way you stick it back to these
people the
is you don't let them silence the voice
of progressive news shows and the way
you do that has become a patron come see
our live show March 26th in Austin Texas
we added a second show
March 30th here in Burbank California
come see that we're gonna be in San
Francisco coming up and we're gonna be
in Chicago check jimmy dore comedy calm
please make sure you're subscribed
that's very important to make sure
you're subscribed if you think you are
just check and if you're not subscribed
then click that bell see you get a
notice when we drop videos that's how we
fight back against the bastards thanks
for your support
